5	I've been here twice and I love this place.  Very reasonably priced (I get a haircut for $35).  Fun, colorful, stylish environment.  Down-to-earth, talented staff.  Rick (the owner) is wonderful; puts you right at ease, is a lot of fun to talk to, and really cares about giving you a cut you'll like. Think I've finally found *my* salon.
4	Got one of the best haircuts of my life today from Linda. She knew exactly the right questions to ask to help find the best style for me (even though I'd brought in a picture I still wasn't sure exactly what I wanted.) She was also friendly without being too chatty...I'm not crazy about salon chair small talk and somehow she sensed that.I also had my brows done and Andrea was professional and thorough.All in all I left looking and feeling great. Even better is that the prices were very reasonable - my cut (and shampoo/style) was just $35 before the gratuity.
5	My new go-to source for all things hair! I wouldn't trust anyone but Rick with my hair!Rick Patrick over-exceeds my expectations! Last time--not only did he fit me in last min. and stay late (starting at 5pm at Sat. night!!!!), he made me look stunning! Now I can hit the beaches of Hawaii in style!If you're looking for a salon or stylist who you can really trust--go to R Salon.They are the best!
5	I finally found my perfect in a salon not far from where I live.  I arrived at the salon and they offered me a number of drinks while I waited.  Rick's assistant greeted me promptly, told me it would be about ten minutes from my appointment time that they would be ready (in some salons I've waited 20-25), washed my hair thouroughly and then introduced me to Rick.  Everyone at the salon was very friendly and personalable which was a breath of fresh air.  Rick was very attentive to my needs, and picked out the right color shade to bring the grays back under control which is important to every job seeker in tihis economy!  The color did not burn like it has at previous salons, and Rick's assistant did a great job of cleaning my hair up and giving me a head massage.  Then Rick gave me a meticulous cut.  He then had me fill out a customer information card which was something new, but showed that they cared about you coming back.  I then got a business card for 50% off my next visit.  I did have a moment of sticker shock at the price, but for the 1.5 hours I was there and being I left completely satisfied, it was worth it.  Change is good!
5	A cute little salon with very nice staff.  My stylist, Deanne, did a FANTASTIC job! I've had my hair cut 3 or 4 times by her now.  I will admit that I have not been faithful to her, and MAN do I regret it!  I have learned my lesson and will never, EVER go to anyone ever again. The only thing I don't like about this place is there are like 50 entrances, and it's kind of hidden, so it's very confusing to first-timers! If you can find the right door, get your butt in there for some great services.
5	Looking for a new hair stylist isn't easy! Having recently relocated to Phoenix from The SF Bay Area I had been on a quest to find someone experienced in SHORT HAIRCUTS FOR WOMEN. In 4 months I had been to 4 different hair salons and every time I felt like I had just walked out of a beauty school. Until I FINALLY came across hair stylist Michelle King. As I nervously sat in her chair praying that this wouldn't be another haircut experiment, she immediately made me feel comfortable & listened attentively to what I had to say. In the end I walked out with A BETTER hair cut that I expected! So if you are looking for someone experienced in short funky or classy haircut (s)  for women ( & men)  in the Phoenix area, Michelle King is the woman to see @ R Salon!
4	Came in for a basic cut and my stylist, Linda, totally delivered.  Price was $30 but if you're a first time client and you mention Yelp prior to your service, you get 50% off!The salon is very modern and they have a snack/non-alcoholic drink bar.I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a great cut at an affordable price.
5	I recently had my 3rd haircut/color with Rick at R Salon.  I have been extremely happy with every appointment I have had there.  Rick is fantastic at listening to my ideas and delivering exactly what looks great for my hair type.  He has even already picked up on the fact that I like to change my look frequently and is always up to the challenge!The staff at the salon are very friendly (no snobby salon attitudes here!), and Rick's assistant, Carrie, works with him like she reads his mind!  Prices are very reasonable, and I have never had a problem getting a late appointment.I am now a devoted customer!!!!
5	I just had my 4th hair appointment with Rick (the owner)...and it's about time I leave a 5-star review!! I moved to Scottsdale from Orange County in July and was super nervous about finding a new hair stylist to give me the blonde I desired. R Salon is near my work in the Biltmore area and after driving by the sidewalk sign a few times I Yelped it...of course! Boy am I glad I found R Salon!My first time visit was 50% off with a Yelp special with made my decision to go there even easier. The salon is super trendy and cute inside, but that's hard to tell from the outside. The receptionists are always friendly and they have yummy lemonade and beverages which they offer you right away.As for my actual hair - Rick is truly an artist when it comes to hair. Rick is a painter and hair is his canvas...how awesomely corny is that :) Corny, yet very true. Getting the "right blonde" is not easy, but he does it perfectly!Also, on a different note, if you want to chat he'll chat with you and if you just want to read or relax that's fine too.  I highly recommend, not only Rick, but R Salon overall!
1	Though R Salon seemed to be a good spot for the alternative crowd, my experience was not a good one.  I like a classic hairstyle-sleek, smooth, with good/even layers.  My style is the fairly common, very classic and chic graduated hairstyle where it is shorter in the back and a bit longer in the front.  If you are looking for a hairstyle like this DO NOT GO TO R SALON!  I was hoping to escape the pricey Scottsdale salon prices, but after my experience I will gladly part with the $60 bucks.  My hairstyle/cut cost $40 and I was sorely disappointed.  I will say that the staff seemed very nice and I think for the right customer, they would do a good job, just not for me!
5	I followed Michelle King here from the disaster of Urban Hair, where the receptionist effed up my appointment twice and aggravated my nerves with her fake nice bullshit. The staff at R Salon are great and of course, Michelle is the shit.If you have short hair and are looking for something edgy and fashion forward, get Michelle to do your 'do.  Seriously.  She's phenomenal.  She knows the industry and her styles/cuts/colors prove this.  She's flexible in her times and reasonable in her prices.  I am a prick when it comes to my hair, but Michelle turns it out every time.Also...R Salon has those DELISH!!! sourdough pretzels and RED VINES candy at the front desk for the customers, as well as refreshments that I can't help but indulge in every time I'm there.
1	I used my Living Social Chocolate mani/pedi certificate. After waiting for a rescheduled appointment, I went in... it's a well-thought hair salon, but is definitely not for nails. Stations are scattered, nail color choice is nonexistent and I don't feel the tools were properly sterilized. . The portable foot spa was old and my feet soaked for 30-40? minutes in too tepid murky water. My nails are now littered with painful hang nails (which weren't there before ). Even though I added a foot scrub, my feet are still rough.  Skip using your certificate and go to a real nail boutique; you'll thank me.
2	I hate to do this because the girl I had was so nice, but I had a really bad experience with R Salon.  I will keep the name anonymous because she's sweet. I got the groupon and wanted to get a haircut.  To use up more of the groupon I threw in a deep conditioning treatment.  That was a joke.  R Salon is one of those salons where hair stylists rent their own "chair" and use their own products.  Usually theres nothing wrong with this, but when I'm at a salon I expect that higher-end products will be used on my hair and not products I can buy from Wal-Mart.  This happened.  The "deep conditioning" treatment I got was a cheap Loreal conditioner you can find at any department store that probably costs $5 to buy at the store.  Not worth the $15 I was being charged to get this service!Little did I know the deep conditioning would be the least of my worries with this experience.  I have pretty long hair and I told the girl I don't like a lot of layering but now I have layers half-way up my head.  My hair feels thinned and looks scragly.  If the cut wasn't already bad enough... the styling YIKES!  I treat my hair like a baby and try to avoid straightening.  I have really straight hair naturally.  Every other hair stylist I have ever been to is skilled enough to just make my hair look great with a blow dryer and round brush.  This was not the case.  This girl raped my hair with the straighter!  I was clenching the seat as she was ripping through my hair carelessly and causing it to feel more damaged than before I got the cut.  I give this place 2 stars because the girl was sweet and seems to just need more experience otherwise this place would've hardly deserved 1 star.I learned my lesson.  No more groupons for hair.  I have never been more disapointed with a cut and treatment.  I will never go back again.  I will stick with my usual salon once my usual girl gets off maternity leave.
3	My friend and I bought the living social chocolate mani/pedi back in Feb and it took this long to schedule it. We were hoping to sit together but the salon has a bizarre layout and many stations were oddly segregated inside little nooks. In my head I could hear Tabitha Coffee talking about how she would change the place......We were offered some water/juice which I always think is a nice touch, and brought in the back. Nikki did my nails and we talked the entire time. She suggested a beautiful gray-beige color which she had on herself and it came out beautifully. She opted against using the "chocolate" lotion which was part of the promo-telling me that she thought it was kind of watery, (I appreciated her honesty) and instead used a more floral scented lotion. Overall I think she did a nice job and I was pleased with the service.
5	My review is for Carol Kelly, the skin esthetician. I've been going to Carol for years and followed her when she moved to R Salon recently. I am very happy with the salon. I love that they have a bar up front with lemonade, coffee and goodies. The salon has a fun and hip decor and the staff are always friendly.  Carol does an amazing job with waxing and facials. I always get compliments on my eyebrows. I give her all the credit. I've also been trying out microdermabrasion and really like the results. I highly recommend you try Carol Kelly.
2	I also purchased on of the chocolate mani/pedi groupons.  I agree with several of the other posts that say it took forever to actually get in for an appointment!  I called several times, and I finally got a Sat appoint, but literally booked it a month in advance!  The layout is really strange too.  I don't get my nails done THAT often, so when I treat myself, I like the full sha-bang.  You will not find that here.  I love the big chairs you normally sit in for a pedicure that soaks your feet while giving you a massage-- not here.   At R Salon you will find yourself sitting at the nail station with your feet in one of those at home pedi soakers.  I used to have one years ago and tossed it because it splashes water all over the place!  The nail polish colors are rather limited for a salon, but they do use high-end brands like Essie and OPI, which is expected.  The service itself was quite good.  My tech was super nice and sweet- and she did a really good job with the mani/pedi.  My only complaint about her was that she would stop and check her Blackberry AND respond to emails WHILE she was doing my nails!  That is just common courtesy 101... all in all, I feel I got my money's worth with the groupon but I've received better service at a regular ol' nail salon.  I definitely would not pay full price and probably wouldn't buy another groupon if I saw one.
5	I have been exposed to the hair industry for my whole life. My aunt used to own BB Haringtons in Chandler and most of the women in my family do hair so I feel I have a good insight on what to expect when going for these types of services.  When entering R salon I was greeted and offered something to drink as well as some snacks. Within a few short minutes I was taken to Deanne's chair where I noticed a clean and neat area. She took time and discussed with me about my hair and what I could and could not do with my hair because of the way it grows and all of my cowlicks and my curly hair.  Throughout the cut we had great conversation and I felt comfortable I know quality product and say that she uses Loreal professional as well as Pureology and Framesi products.  My haircut turned out perfect and the price was right! She even offered for me to come back in a few weeks just have a clean up for no charge! Overall I am thoroughly pleased with my experience and even related to my aunt how pleasant it was. I'll defiantly be back to see Deanne as I recently moved to Phoenix and don't want to make the commute to Chandler and because of the stellar customer service of course!
4	Shortly after my last review, the owner of R Salon reached out to me.  He was very apologetic about the service I received the first time around and acknowledged that the poor service was partly due in fault to the surprisingly high volume of living social vouchers that were sold.  He did speak with my nail technician regarding cell phone etiquette when servicing customers.  I was impressed with the fact that he reached out to me to begin with.  I could tell that he played a very vital and active role in his business.  I returned to R Salon several weeks later for a facial.  I saw Carol Kelly, an aethesician (sorry if I butchered the spelling) for 20+ years.  The service with Carol was stellar from beginning to end.  She was very engaged in learning everything about my skin (problems, areas of concerns) to even things in my lifestyle that would affect my skin (eating habits, vitamins, skincare routine).  I was very impressed by the length of time she spent to give me really great advice to help out with my issues.  On top of that, the facial itself was of course superb!  She meticulously extracted every little bugger and used a fabulous soothing mask after.  My skin was glowing from the time I walked out.All in all,  I am very pleased that R Salon reached out and urged me to give them another try.  I will definitely be going back to Carol for another peel and/or facial.
1	I went to R Salon a month or so ago for the Chocolate Mani/ Pedi on Living Social. Like everyone else who bought the deal, I hate to do this because everyone was very nice (except my nail tech)- but I have to be honest. I got to the salon 5 minutes early and was asked to wait in the reception area for my tech. I waited about 20 minutes until someone passed by and asked if I was waiting for someone, I told her I had an appointment for the mani/pedi and she said "oh, i didn't realize you showed up- I was just leaving." So from that point on- everything was ridiculously rushed. When I got to the chair, she looked at my feet and said, "Glitter? Really? This is going to take forever. If there's one way to make your nail tech mad, it's to have glitter polish on your feet." Then she proceeded to take her anger out on my cuticles. Throughout the entire process, she was texting someone and complaining to me about how late she was for something.Then we went and did the manicure, and I had those Sally Hansen peel polishes on my hands and she just got angrier because you have to soak the nails in order to get the decals off. This led to more texting and more roughness with my cuticles and more complaining about how I was holding her from some appointment. I finally said, "You know, it's cool. I can leave." I think at that point she realized how rude she was being and cooled it a little bit. She just didn't talk after that. Overall, a very frustrating experience. I'm generally a nice person, but this experience was enough to make me create a yelp account.
5	I came here because of the LivingSocial chocolate mani/pedi. I was scheduled with Laura and I LOVED her!  There are times when I go into a nail salon and when my nails are done, I looked at them and they are crazy sloppy like the nail tech had five drinks before working on my nails. Not with Laura. She took great care with my nails and by the time they were done, every nail was PERFECT!  I couldn't be happier when I
4	Nice open salon & friendly staff! Stylists seem knowledgable & all chairs were filled! Great sign
5	I snagged an end of the day appointment with Rick (the owner) who gave me one of the best haircut experiences I've ever had. I am not much of a salon guy seeing that I used a Groupon, however, I am now a believer in a quality haircut experience and am willing to pay Rick for it again in the future. Not only did he listen to what I wanted in my haircut, but he helped fill in the gaps where I did not know how to describe things. From the relaxing neck massage and shampoo (he's a certified massage therapist by the way) to the "whoa-I-look-like-a-GQ-model" haircut, I was very impressed. Since Rick is such a good conversationalist, he did a great job at making me feel welcome and comfortable. You can tell he is one of those guys who has a great outlook on life: high regard for others, an exceptional work ethic, and a proven track record of success (which he attributed to the life-long process of learning how to keep a good attitude no matter what life throws at you). I knew my money was not only paying for a quality haircut, but it was also supporting a quality business run by quality people. I highly recommend R Salon to any guys out there who have never or rarely been into a salon but enjoy receiving excellent service and want to try something new.
5	Nikki gives the best Mani/pedi ever! She really takes her time and is so gentle and does a great job! I don't see any reason to go anywhere else... Ever!
5	Nikki was great! she did a great job and i felt very comfortable!
5	I just had my haircut with Shawn, and I am never going to anyone else again! After my hair stylist moved away from Phoenix two years ago, I have gone to DOZENS of salons, searching for the perfect stylist to transform my fragile, thin, oily but sometimes dry, cowlicky hair! I have been to every top salon in the Phoenix area (laying down some big bucks in the meanwhile), only to be disappointed every time... NO more!Today I found a Groupon Now deal for a haircut at R Salon. Desperate for a haircut (but prepared to be unimpressed), I called to schedule an appointment. The salon was able to squeeze me in 45 minutes later. My hair stylist was Shawn and it was his first night at the salon -He'd just moved from E's Urban Hair. Right away, I could tell that Shawn knew what he was doing (he has, after all, been cutting hair for 20+ years). He examined my hair with a critical eye, asked me tons of questions and set to work. I appreciated how focus he was the entire time he cut my hair! We'd been chatting up until my haircut, but once the scissors came out - razor sharp focus! Thirty minutes later, I walked out with a fun, flirty, layered cut - and I could NOT be happier. I'm all ready to book my next appointment and am done my search for the right stylist.*Note to those of you with delicate hair  and scalps- Shawn is to hair styling as Jillian Michaels is to exercise. He was a little bit tough as he washed, combed and cut my hair.... But in the end, it hurt so good and  was totally worth it!
5	I have been going to Shawn for over a year. My son, who is in college only comes home so Shawn can cut his hair.  I'm so glad that he has moved to a better part of town, because I would follow him anywhere, but this locale is a little more savory.  Even my friends have thanked me for referring them to Shawn.  He is a master at his craft.  He will not disappoint and the best part is he learns who you before making a single cut.  Luv u Shawn Griffin!
5	Like other recent reviews, I followed someone here. Kristin Isaac is fantastic! I have been going to her for years now, and I hope I never have to find someone else. She always knows what I want, even when I don't. She knows I need to have something fairly conservative for work, but that I also like something that can be more than that if I want it to.  I have referred many friends to her, and they love her too! If you're looking for a fantastic style and/or color, Kristin should be your first choice. Seriously she's amazing, just trust me, you won't regret it!
5	This business is booming and is for good reason.  Great service, great artists, and great experiences.  I wanted to try a new hair style and for us 40 somethings change can be a little scary out of the comfort zone.  Well I asked Rick to give me a cut similar to a model in a magazines cut.  Well he did and let's say that it looked better on the model.  Since it didn't work, I contacted Rick to have it switched back to before and he made time for me in his busy schedule to put my hair back on track.  He did not charge me and was more than gracious.  I also love that they carry my favorite hair paste which is hard to find in Phoenix aquage.  Its great for fine hair.  They also have tasty beverages ready when I walk in which is appreciated in the morning if I have not had my coffee.  Love, Love, Love R Salon.
5	Rick is the best.  I live in Denver and fly out every few weeks for perfect highlights.  And the prices are fab to boot!
3	It's been nearly two weeks since I visited this salon and had Shawn do my hair. I had to wait that long to get over the shock of having my hair 'shatter' cut to just below my jaw line with some pieces on the top less than 2 inches long. I went to the salon for a haircut and cellophane treatment. I used the $50 for $75 worth of services and still spent an additonal $325. (my fault too for being talked into extra services I had not expected) I told Shawn I was growing my hair longer, it was just below my shoulders. I left with a haircut I did not want, nor ask for. I believe Shawn to be an excellent sylist, I just did not expect to have all of my hair cut off, nor did I ask for it to be.Very disappointed
5	Sherry Killian at R Salon has done my hair several times.  She is very professional and strives to make her clients comfortable... Then she listens to me, asks clarifying questions to ensure that she understands what I'm looking for, then suggests the best way to create that.   Every time she's cut my hair I've been happy with her work.  The best thing is that my hair looks great the day of the cut and as it grows out.
5	After years of being hacked at by one or the other of various former WalMart greeters at the neighborhood SuperClipTeamCuts franchise, I decided to stop letting pipe-hitting vagrants hack at my head with scissors in something resembling a grand-mal seizure, after which I would give them $10 and a prayer card. I decided to go global, as a hipster urbanist (aging or not) eventually must.Donnie Blair is the man with the plan and he knows how to texturize. I leave looking a lot more like a US Senator and less like a Jerry Springer guest who recently fended off a chair attack, looking forward to a tepid shower in my trailer wherein I might rub my head with a bar of "Great Value" minty green soap before taking in an evening of Hee-Haw reruns accompanied by long chats on Yahoo masquerading as "Donita", a hormonal 13-year old. That's not me. I am more like a US Senator.The clientele is varied. Some rich old golfing bastards (suspiciously like myself); some genteel old maidens who don't know what a DVD is; Some stylish young dudes, and some wild young thangs of both genders. This is R Salon: It's our salon.
3	Shawn contacted my via email and apologized, offering a follow up service (free of charge), since I was not happy with my visit. I will update if I choose to take him up on the offer.
4	I got the absolute worst hair cut from a student salon, but I was a starving student and I needs a cheap cut. I let it grow out for a couple of months and then heard about R Salon and found out it was right in my area. I looked online and saw that cuts start at about $35.00 depending on the stylist, that is the best price I have seen in the area by far, unless you are planning to use SuperCuts.  I booked an appointment and they were able to get me in right away to see Amy. I have to say Amy was amazing. She was easy to talk to, really listened to what I wanted with my hair and was totally upfront with everything she did. She is super knowledgeable, and used a couple of lesser used techniques on my hair. She even spent a good portion of my visit instructing me on how to style my hair, in a manner that was easy for me to learn and super fast.    All in all this was a great experience, the only reason I knocked off a star is that if you are approaching from Camelback the doors that face out are not the entrances. You have to walk around to the back of the building to find the entrance. Not something that is easily figured out. I walked back and forth for a couple of minutes until one of the stylists stepped out and directed me to the door.    Otherwise this was a great hair cut for $40.00 which is the best price I have found in my area and Amy made sure to tell me on my way out that she does bang trims for free. She recommended that I come back in 2-3 weeks and get them touched up.  I will definitely be heading back for another cut, and will be trying out a nail service the next time too!
5	I had the pleasure of going to this place over the weekend. Shawn did such a great job on my hair. I don't like going to places that don't know how to do a consultation, Shawn was really sharp in putting something together for me. My hair is curly and most stylists get scared seeing all that hair coming their way, but not Shawn! I've gotten many compliments that it looks amazing- something I have not gotten before. There are many places out there, but this place is the spot to go!!  Stop thinking about it and book an appointment with Shawn you won't be sorry!!
5	I have to say, Kristin Isaac is amazing! I have a head of hair that would make Mufassa the lion blush, and somehow, every time, Kristin gives me a cut that looks great, and more importantly, one that I can manage myself! I love the atmosphere and how friendly and chatty the other stylists are while I'm getting my hair done. Going to see Kristin is "The best time ever", and the Brazilian Blow Out  is blowing my mind! Thanks Thanks Thanks!
5	It had been six weeks since my first visit to R Salon & Shawn, time for a re-touch! Shawn offered to do the re-touch free because I was not happy with the first visit, (haircut was not what I wanted and much too short!). I had Shawn do the re-touch, add a few foils with darker color and hair trim. I must say I am very happy this time. I got used to the cut and it has grown (in the six weeks) to a length I am much happier with. Shawn is truly a great stylist.
5	I followed Roger Montoya here, he does the best anyone ever has with my hair ! I get bored very easily so I am always wanting something different. Roger changes it up for me without me having to go too into detail. He pleasantly surprises me every time ! (For a woman this is VERY impressive.) If you are looking for a hairdresser and like to keep up with current techniques/styles he is the greatest ! :)
5	This is entirely based on Roger Montoya. He is the best I have ever had doing my hair. Doesn't get any better. Amazing!
5	I have been going to R Salon for the past two years and absolutely could not be happier with the service I have received. I stumbled upon R Salon on accident and had Rick (stylist and owner) cut and color my hair after I moved to Phoenix in 2010. He not only did a wonderful job but was extremely friendly and a great conversationalist. Since then, I have been in the salon at least once every two months (often times more) and  have had pretty major cuts and dye jobs and loved every single one. One of the most stand out qualities of the salon is the deep level of customer appreciation all of the workers have from the front desk to the assistants to the stylists themselves. Within one or two appointments, Rick's assistants new my name and remembered previous conversations we had (Marta is the absolute best shampooer of all time and tells hilarious stories). Additionally, Rick has touched up my hair for free multiple times after a few days of wearing it around and deciding I want it a little shorter/more layered/etc. He is patient and considerate and never makes me feel like I'm wasting his time or being a pain. Long story short, I love this salon and have no intentions of getting my hair done anywhere else.
4	During my daily ritual of scouring groupon now deals, I noticed R Salon was offering a $12 men's cut and I just happened to be in the market for a trim. Best yet, they're only a couple miles from my place in CenPho. I've never noticed this place before and legitimately so, they're hidden away behind the Bank Of America on Camelback and 20th street. After arriving the receptionist had mentioned they would give me the groupon price of $12, that I don't have to pay for the groupon to get it, unfortunately I had already purchased. Sorry about that, I know groupon gets their "cut" off the top which shrinks that $12 down some. I'll know better next time.You get an A for effort for trying to bribe me with ice cold lemonade, but maybe next time you can use something other than country time. Again, nice effort with offering my wife a coffee while we waited; unfortunately, it was cold. I guess you don't claim to be a coffee shop, so I didn't really expect these frills to begin with. I did also see some boxed wine; which, I imagine is available for customer's also. Again, I commend you for the effort, but if you're going to do something, at least make a concerted effort on providing better quality frills. I think I would have preferred iced water with slices of lemon and lime for flavoring, and hot coffee instead of cold. If you weren't going to heat it up, you could have at least put it over ice and called it an iced coffee ;)I digress, I wasn't here to try out there barrista services anyway, so back to the main event. The salon is different than what I expected. I guess I'm just used to the single room 10 chair setup you see at most places. There seemed to be 3 or 4 different rooms with chairs and stations for nails, hair drying, massages, and probably everything you might want from a salon. Which is sort of cool if that's what you're looking for; I imagine this is what most women want when they're looking to be pampered.I thought it was pretty cool and unique that all the stations were outfitted with metallic diamond plating and a Craftsman Rolling toolbox for their equipment storage (scissors, combs, brushes, etc.). They also have this cool vacuum installed into the wall where they swept the discarded hair into a corner of the room, stepped on a switch which ran the vacuum for a few seconds to collect the clippings. The stations and vacuum are definitely things I've never seen before.The floors and surrounding areas were all seemingly kept clean, which is more than I can say for other places; which I don't plan on returning to.Rene came and found me after waiting for about 20 minutes, we walked back to his station and briefly spoke about what I was looking for. Pretty basic - a 3 razor on the sides and the back and the top trimmed short and blended in with the sides. Rene spent about 20 - 30 minutes chopping and cutting and I left with one of the better hair cuts I've had from a lot of the shops in the area.Over all I was happy with the cut I came in for but a bit disappointing with the unexpected frills. Again, not my original intention, but I do feel if you're going to do something, you might as well try to do it right. While the cut normally runs $25 I was out for $15 including the $12 groupon and tip. I'd like to say I will come back, but I'm just too dang thrifty to enjoy spending $25 + tip once every 6 or so weeks for a haircut. I'll likely return if I can catch you on another groupon deal though.
5	I came here because I got a pretty good Groupon deal and I have been searching for a new stylist anyway. Roger Montoya is the best there is. He knew exactly what I wanted and did a wonderful job- not to mention he is hilarious. I will definitely be coming back to see him.
1	I would strongly suggest to everyone out there not buying any promotional deals advertised on Living Social or Travel Zoo or anywhere else for R Salon!!!They promise you one thing and you pay for it, but yet when you get there they will throw you with some Nail Technician who will just hate providing you with services for $25 as was promoted and will try to get rid of you as fast as possible!STAY AWAY FROM Nail Technician VLASTA, it's an older Polish lady, who just seem like she hates the world or her job and it is obviously the time to retire for her. Me and my mom and my sister all got an awful service from her. She was rude and unprofessional and instead of an hour for pedicure and an hour for manicure we received a quick hour with no rubbing, massage or anything! We all felt like we were not welcome because we have a coupon and not full paying customers! Not even to mention my mom's nails were completely ruined, she cut them too short and didn't file them the right way. It was such an unpleasant experience for all of us!IF YOU WANT TO RECEIVE A FULL SERVICE AND BE TREATED LIKE A CUSTOMER - Stay away from that salon and specially from Vlasta
5	Roger was Aaaaaamazing! He was great, sweet, and definitely a confidence booster. He transformed my hair into a beauty. The staff was courteous and patient. The decor was very stylish. My main attraction to the place is how Roger honestly cared about what I wanted with my hair, and when I wasn't too sure, he gave me lots of suggestions. I will surely be coming back.
5	I followed Roger Montoya to R Salon.  The salon is great, but Roger is THE BEST.  He has been doing my hair beautifully for the last 4 years, and hopefully for many years to come.  When I first started going to Roger, I began getting compliments on my hair all the time (I never got compliments before).  The compliments were constant!  It was ridiculous...one time, as I was walking my daughter to school, a lady even stopped her car in the MIDDLE OF TRAFFIC, at a 4 way stop, to compliment my hair and ask me who did it.  Anyway, compliments and flattery aside, every time I leave Roger's salon, I feel beautiful.  Whether it's the color or the cut, I never leave looking the same.  I've gone from bobs to extensions, and dark hair to light.  He does an amazing job every time.  I would never have ventured out of the box if it wasn't for Roger - his talent, his expertise, his confidence, and his take charge "I'm the expert and I'm gonna make you beautiful" attitude.  It's awesome to have such a talented stylist who you trust to do anything to your hair - he never disappoints!  It's refreshing to have a stylist who does your hair in a way he knows will look amazing, rather than a stylist who allows you to sit in their chair session after session with your same old color and cut.  I love my Roger and I don't know what I'd do without him!  I would recommend anyone to Roger!
5	There is no better feeling than leaving the hair salon with amazing hair. Ladies, you know what I'm taking about, the kind of hair that makes people consistantly shower you with compliments and beg for your stylist's name and number. And I'm not just talking about the day you got your hairs did, I'm talking about everyday, up until the day of your next appointment. Oh wait, you probably have NO idea what I'm talking about unless you get your weave worked by Roger Montoya at R Salon....Now if you're not a people person and don't want to be constantly approached by strangers asking who does your hair then stop reading! However, if you want some super sexy and on trend locks then go see Ro! I've been going to Roger for years. He's done everything to my hair from a Posh Spice bob (so technical, I know) to 18 inch extensions (2 months after said Posh bob when I decided I wanted the exact opposite) to the best ombre color (on said extensions) I've seen. Seriously, the blending is perfection and isn't Khloe Kardashian orange. Love Khloe but that copper color just wouldn't do with my complexion... Did I mention when I lived in Las Vegas and Seattle I flew to Phoenix every 6 weeks to have Roger do my hair? Seriously, cross-my-heart-hope-to-die, he's THAT good.Bottom line, go see Roger and get the best hair of your life. He can do anything and do it better than anyone else. But try to avoid Friday afternoon appointments as that's when I go and I'm very high maintenance...
5	I found a groupon special and decided to try R Salon. I had a great experience. Amy listened to exactly what I wanted and delivered my desired results. She was friendly, experienced, and professional. I made another appointment with her. I think I found my new stylist!
5	Great experience! I called for an appointment, and they got me in the next day. Ruben definitely took care of me. I got a partial highlight, cut and style in just under 2 hours. And that was with a fabulous head massage. Prices were reasonable as well. Go see Ruben, he's amazing!
5	My first manicure and pedicure at R Salon was excellent.  Jennifer was a great to work with and she did a great job.  I will definitely go back.
5	I stopped in desperate for a cut and style after a Great Clips botch. I had that Monday off work and figured it would be easy to find a place open for a cut. NOT SO! There are very very few salons open on Mondays, unless you want to go to Great Clips or Fantastic Sam's (DONT!). When I called to schedule my same day appointment the receptionist was kind and efficient. When I arrived I was surprised by the cool young vibe of the salon, and it's HUGE. I was immediately greeted and introduced to Roger. I don't even know how to segue this, but I got the best cut of my life. Roger did an incredible job. I had brought in some photos of the short cut I wanted, and going from very long hair to short, I was nervous. Roger suggested a cut slightly less drastic and explained why it would compliment me perfectly. I was impressed that he used no less than 4 cutting tools on me.. He seems to be at the top of his game in knowledge of the industry. He also didn't chastise me TOO much about the Great Clips debaucle, and promised to fix the botch, which he followed through with and then some. I know every salon touts an individualized style/cut consultation, but this is the first time where I felt like I was actually being analyzed for my best interest and my ideas were listened to and addressed. I loved this place and loved Roger!I'm so incredibly pleased with my experience that I will NEVER go anywhere else. I've already recommended R Salon and Roger in partcular to several people, and I got my hair cut yesterday! Go here and ask for him, you wont be dissatisfied.
5	These guys got me in with little advance notice, late in the evening, were really friendly, and made my hair look great! Next time I'm in Phoenix for work,  I'll definitely look them up again.
5	New to Phoenix area, I was looking for a stylist. I found R Salon and Shawn from special offered (Yelp or Groupon?). I am from the Denver area and previously owned salons, my daughter was also licensed, so I know the industry. Shawn is an excellent stylist, I would highly recommend him.
4	Janelle is great!  I followed her over from Snap Dragon, and she is great for cut, color, and styling.  I do rockabilly, and am a difficult person to impress, and I met her at a shoot.  Not only is she genuinely kind, but she is a wonderful stylist.  On my birthday she was so focused on getting my hair right, she missed a friend's party...just a complete love, so dedicated to getting the look just right.  In one day she got me from black to blonde, with little damage...amazing...I highly recommend her.
5	Friendly, attentive, great service!
5	After having a bad experience over a year ago at R Salon, the owner reached out to me and apologized for the experience and assured me that if I gave R Salon another try that I would not be disappointed. Several months ago, Rick reached out to me again and asked if I would be willing to try R Salon again. The stylist I was going to at another salon had quit so I was without a stylist. I remembered Rick's kindness and willingness to make things right even after all this time and decided to give R Salon another try. The salon had doubled in size since the last time I'd been there. The staff is very friendly. The feel of the salon is very comforting and inviting. My hair was in pretty rough shape and Rick suggested an amazing treatment which really helped mend my split ends back together.  The cut I got was amazing and just what I wanted. Rick was right about not being disappointed for a second time. The owner shows a lot of dedication to his clients and his business which is very admirable. I believe I just found my new regular hair salon!
5	First time customer. R Salon is located a block from where I live. I am very cautious about who cuts my hair and have been contemplating about coming here for years since it was so close. My friends Rachel and Rachel both have gotten their haircuts here and recommend the owner, Rick. I have delayed going until I saw a Groupon deal for R Salon: $29 for haircut, deep conditioning treatment, and style. I bought the coupon and called the same day to get an appointment for that evening, which surprised me because there were at least 500 Groupons sold. Well, I came in for my appointment 10 minutes prior and Rick was doing highlights on a women. At first I was skeptical wondering if I'll have to wait 30 minutes to get a haircut. However, at precisely 4:30, Rick's assistant took me back to get me shampooed and ready. She was extremely nice and gave me a neck and scalp massage along with the deep conditioning treatment (Rick looked at my hair and told her what treatment was right for me). After I was done, and was back on the salon chair, Rick took over. Rick listened to what I wanted and cut my hair the way I wanted it to. He was extremely nice and precise. After he was done cutting my hair, his assistant came back and gave me a blow out. My hair was amazing - I was extremely happy with my haircut and style and will be coming back. Rick also gave me a 50% off coupon for my next visit!
5	This place is the jackpot of salons... found it through yelp - sooo glad I did! I called Brandon in a panic. I needed a bang trim but had a fear of letting anyone new touch my hair. I also explained how anal and crazy I am when it comes to my hair, which made him think of a genius idea = LET THE OWNER CUT HER HAIR! Eric (sp?) is amaaaaaaazing! He worked his magic in less than 5 minutes, and I had compliments the entire night on how fabulous my bangs turned out. He also took me in on a last minute appointment the same day I called, which I truly appreciated. side note: they also serve complimentary wine and snacks while you're waiting :D
5	JANELLE at R Salon is THE BEST with color!! Shes the kind of colorist who knows what you want before you do. Ive gone to her for years and always have people asking me where i get my hair done at. And the salon is great! Very welcoming! Always have had a great experience with her, youll never leave without fabulous hair!
1	Where to start...I had a horrible experience here. First of all I bought a groupon for a haircut and color retouch. When I called to make an appointment, the receptionist had an attitude but I was still excited.  On the Saturday of my appointment, I forgot what the exact time I was supposed to be there. So I called again and the first thing the receptionist asked me, "Did we not call for a confirmation?" and I replied no, which made me a little uneasy to know they didn't even call me for a confirmation but I was still excited to go.When I got there, everyone was nice which made less uneasy. My hairstylist was cool but here's where the problem starts. I showed him a video of what I wanted and here's the link (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QtM19eO7Kc&list=WL30C2428FFF694ADF) and he looked at for 10 seconds and said, "Okay cool, you wan't an asymmetrical haircut.  After coloring my hair and straightening it, he proceeded to cut it off. Everything seemed fine. We were talking and he seemed pretty legit. But as my hair got shorter, I started to get scared. The first problem was he didn't ask me any questions about my hair. Usually hairstylists will ask about my how I style my hair, what exactly I'm looking for and what suits me. He just kept cutting and I guess it was fault for trusting him but he said did hair for 5 years. He was then interrupted by the receptionist, who told him that his next client was there. He told the receptionist infront of everyone that he needs to schedule better because her hair is taking too long (as if I wasn't there). From there, it got worse.  He started to rush on cutting my hair and it made me more nervous. It looked way shorter then I wanted and he cut my bangs shorter, even though the video has them longer. When he supposbliy finished, it looked horrible! He didn't even try to finish styling it. I was so embarrassed. He cut my hair the way he wanted and didn't even style it and LEFT DYE ON MY NECK! What was the point of the groupon, if he wasn't even going to style it. The worst part is when I called the salon back to complain. The  receptionist only offered me a shampoo and blow dry to get rid of the hair dye-which by the way when I washed my hair the next day it all came out. So I paid money for semi-permanent. I wanted to speak with the manager but she was out and the receptionist promised me the manager would call me later that day, but no one has called me yet and its been two days. This was a horrible experience. Now I'm stuck with Kate Gosselin haircut.
3	I'm giving the place two more stars because the owner called me a couple days later and was incredibly nice and understanding.
5	I found R Salon through a Yelp search and I am so glad I went there! I recently moved to PHX and finding a new salon is always scary. I made an appt with Rick and not only did I LOVE the haircut and color that he did, I really liked him. I was his last appt of the day and he took the time to dry my hair, even though he has an assistant who does that. The only thing I wish someone had told me is that the front of the salon is opposite the side facing Camelback. I had a hard time finding the receptionist desk.
4	I went here with a friend on Monday to get manis and pedis. We both got a Travelzoo deal for the mani and pedi for 20$...a total steal. We both were taken care of by Jennifer, who was very sweet. The salon itself was nice, it had some bright colors and looked clean overall; however, when we first came into the salon we had to wait about 10 minutes to be helped at the receptionist's desk...not the best first impression. Anyway, we both went back with Jennifer and my friend had her mani and pedi first. I thought this was a little weird, as I would think she would do both manis then both pedis so one of us wasn't sitting around for 45 min or so and then the other sitting around for the same time. Anyway, I took a look at her color selection and it was decent. My only real complaint on this front was that she had some pretty low end polishes for a nice salon (e.g. wet and wild.....not really acceptable for a salon IMHO). While I waited, Jennifer offered me some wine....definitely gets a star for that....what an awesome thing to offer! When it was my turn to get a mani, she did a good job. It is a couple days later and my nails still look good. The pedi was also nice and included some kind of sugar scrub which was very nice. The few things I have to complain about include: the salon only has 4 nail technicians, so if you want to go with your friends, it isn't the MOST convenient place to go and the fact that they had Wet and Wild nail polish was pretty cheesy. I would consider going back, though, and Jennifer's normal prices are pretty good (30$ for spa pedi, 20$ hot oil mani).
5	I have anxiety about going into salons, but when I went to R salon I was put at ease. I set up an appointment, they gave me groupon price without buying to groupon. (I would recommend calling them first as a new client.) Then I met with my hair stylist Haley. She was so amazing! Best person that has done my hair so far. She recognized the issue with my color right away and put me at ease by fixing it. Haley also cut my hair in a way that will make it more manageable for my style. Afterwards, the lady at the desk gushed over my hair and even gave me tips on upkeep. Amazing people and Haley is a quality person/hair stylist! Please go to her if you want a great experience :)
1	I made an appointment with this salon due to the good reviews on Yelp, but I was much disappointed. I liked that I could make an appointment for the very next day and that they would let me know whenever there is someone available at a more convenient time of the day for me the day of the appointment. However the appointment didn't go that nicely. I had an appointment with Shawn and when I first got there it was like I was invisible, it took about 5 minutes for someone to let me know when Shawn was going to be ready and then I had to sit on the bar stools for another 5 minutes waiting for him. The front desk area is very small and congested and I felt very uncomfortable with the number of people standing around me waiting to pay.Okay so then once I was seated with Shawn he asked me how I would like my hair, I told him to cut off NO more than an inch because I have been growing out my hair for 5 years now and I hate it when I tell someone I want a light trim and they go crazy. Well he didn't really listen either and took off a good 2-3 inches, which I was not happy about. Then I showed him a picture of how I would like my hair done, I wanted my hair to have an ombre, so dark on the top and gradually get lighter and l had a picture that I showed him of exactly how I wanted it. I even put it as my lock screen on my phone so that he could look at it whenever he needed to, to go off of it. Well he didn't look at it again after I showed him the first time and it probably would've helped him more if he did. To make the rest of the story short, he messed up my hair. It wasn't anything like the picture, it was too high up and it was completely all orange, it didn't gradually go from dark to light, it was just all solid orange.He thought that it looked amazing, so gorgeous, blah blah blah. When someone messes up on my hair, I expect them to man up to it and say something like "We are going to get your hair to how you want it, come back next week so we can fix it, no charge"I will not be going back to this salon.
5	I hadn't gotten my haircut in forever, and I saw a Groupon for this salon which is in my neighborhood so I made an appointment. Like other Yelpers have said, they will honor the Groupon price so you don't have to buy the Groupon.I had Antonette and she was FANTASTIC. She has a really fun personality and really knew what I was going for. I did the deep conditioning treatment as part of my deal, and it was very relaxing. Antonette massaged my scalp and neck as part of the shampooing/conditioning.My hair looks gorgeous and Antonette also told me how to style my new bangs, which I really appreciated. It's honestly the best haircut I've had in a long time. It seems like their regular prices are pretty reasonable and my experience with Antonette makes me want to head back. It's not as upscale as other salons and it was super busy when I was there but it's definitely friendly. Hopefully Antonette will be my regular stylist from now on!
5	Rick is WONDERFUL!!! He knows how to color and cut hair perfectly. His assistant, Brandon, is great too. Very nice salon!!
5	I've been meaning to write a review of R Salon for awhile now.  I've been seeing Alaina for years.  She is simply fantastic.  She's helped me grow out my hair and keep it healthy, and she's great with mixing color.  I've gone darker and lighter and loved it every time. R Salon is a cool place.  The atmosphere is fun - you can tell that the stylists like each other and get along well.  They have snacks and drinks for customers, good magazines to read, and great products on the shelves.  I highly recommend R Salon and Alaina!
5	I've been here 3x, all with Daniela, and she is INCREDIBLE.  Not only is she totally cool & laid back, she takes the time to listen to what you want, and she delivers!  Even if that means working more, or doing it repeatedly until it comes out perfect.I'm new to the area (originally from Chicago) and was hesitant to try a new stylist, but luckily I was referred to Daniela, and I absolutely love her.  I'm getting married this year and didn't want to confide my hair to a complete stranger so close to the date, but this girl is good! I've gotten cuts/color by her, but I understand she's amazing with make-up too!Give her a try, she's highly recommended!!
5	This place is a true gem.  You know how you walk in a hair salon and everyone is too cool to say hi to you and everyone looks so busy and the receptionist is chewing her gum while texting?  THIS IS SOOOOO NOT R SALON!  Right when I walked in, the greeting was awesome.  A woman immediately said hello to me, asked for my name, handed a glass of Iced Tea and helped myself to a few Red Vines.  YES, they have FREE Red Vines for their clients.  Michelle cut and colored my hair and I love it.  I will be back to this salon!  Check it out!
1	After reading all the great reviews of this salon, I made the decision to give it a shot and specifically asked for Rick as he had steller reviews.  From the moment I walked into this salon, I was struck with disappointment.  I walked into hat I thought was the front door but turned out to be the back door.  As I am wondering around, no one is acknowledging me then finally someone that worked there asked if I was looking for the front deska nd said, "Yeah, there is no sign to indicate that this is not the front".  Once Rick fininshed his last client and performed his consultation, he was brief and did not thoroughly understand my hair or what I wanted.  He had someone else wash my hair (ok fine) then made maybe 8 cuts and had the same guy that washed my hair, blow dry and style before he verified that is was even or fell correctly.  This is one of many mistakes, they guy did a horrible job styling my hair which made my hair cut look worse then what it was to the point of almost tears.  I have thinner hair and insecurities surrounding it and he magnified it by cutting my hair un even and taking more hair off in the front when I specifically said not to.  Instead of trying to fix it he just explained what he did not do.  He then realized one side is in fact longer and fixed that; however, it ended up being the haircut I told him I did not want.  He did not take my hair into consideration in his consultation and realizing where some areas maybe thinner and how to hide it.  He did not take the time to say, "your hair needs more trim here or there because of this or that" he just gave me a haircut that he knows in his head without realizing my issues or asking further.  He was not personable and simply made me regret letting him touch my hair.  I am very uncomfortable with two different people working on my hair as they do not understand what the other was trying to accomplish.  Had I known that someone else would have been styling, I would have left.  Especially someone who did a poor job of styling.  If you cannot finish your work and do a proper style, everything else is deminished.  I absolutely hate my hair and looking to get extentions to add length and hair on one said where he cut more then he should.  I advise any and all customers to go some where else where they will take the time to understand your specific needs and do the job from start to finish.  Do not settle for this careless work.
1	Classless response made by Rick after expressing my disappointment and furthermore, validating my complaint. Thank you.
5	I followed Jordana from Snapdragon salon when she moved to R Salon.  She is awesome and always is very attentive, making sure to leave my hair exactly as I want it.  R salon is a nice space, it is big but still feels little.
5	Roger is so amazing! I have been having him do my hair for yeeeaarrss! I'm getting married in 2 weeks and now I get to have him do my hair for wedding ! I receive nothing but compliments every time I see him ! He is a MUST ! You will not regret it and I Can promise you , you will never go to anyone else again !!!
5	I followed Jordana to R Salon when she left Snapdragon. She's awesome! Her cuts never disappoint. She's meticulous and always makes sure you leave happy.
4	Great service here. I'm very picky about who I let touch my hair. Deanne did an amazing job, I got a full color and trim and it was exactly what I wanted and didn't take very long. It was hard to find this place (for me, atleast) but once you walk in you are greeted with a bar of refreshments and a friendly staff. I found this place through a yelp deal, and they seemed kind of angry that I was getting a discount, and were a little rude when my mom came in with a groupon later that month. But we both always tip 20% for hair so hopefully that made them feel better. Will go back to Deanne and pay full price lol.
5	Got a haircut by Rick Patrick and he was awesome! Loved everything about it. Also, they give you drinks while you wait!
5	One of the best haircuts I've ever had and I'm a transplant NYC girl who is VERY hard to please.  As soon as I sat down Roger Montoya knew exactly what my hair needed.  He is absolutely fabulous, super nice and amazingly talented.  I'm definitely coming back because I found my salon.
5	Rick Patrick does a fantastic job with my hair.  I highly recommend him.  And if you are lucky, he will have Laura shampoo your hair.  I'm a professional massage therapist, and I am always thoroughly impressed by Laura's scalp massage.
5	Got my haircut last Monday with Michelle & loved her. She was very friendly, easy to talk to & gave me a great cut. Will definitely be going back for my next cut!!
5	Amy J does a fabulous job with color and haircut. She listens to what I like and creates a beautiful hair style.
4	Great cut! Great style. I really liked my beautician but it's such a huge place I don't know if I would go back.
5	Jennifer M is an excellent manicurist! Flexible, personable, and creative with styles and designs. I used to go to walk in strip mall salons for Mani's & Pedi's. Not any more! Similar to the relationship one has with their hair stylist, there is real value in having a bond with the person who takes care of your hands and feet! R Salon and Jennifer provide that! R Salon also provides exceptional front desk service, with personal call reminders, easy scheduling, and a welcoming atmosphere. I highly recommend Jennifer for all your nail's needs!
5	GROUPON CUSTOMERS: Before you buy the Groupon, call the salon because they will probably honor the Groupon price without you actually having to buy it (that is what they did for me and every other person who reviewed this place)NOT SURE WHICH STYLIST TO CHOOSE: I am SO picky about my hair, I bring in pictures and comment and am annoying most of the time, but not with Shawn. He chopped off my dead ends, styled it nicely and was hilarious with his "girl this cut is bomb" and "ohhhh this is so great" So call in and ask for Shawn, he is worth the wait if there is one! When he sat me down and put that horrible mumu thing on me he gave me a blue one to match my eyes. haha I love it! I got the shortest cut ever on the planet (okay that is a little extreme, but I went from shoulder length to chin length so that's a big step for me) and I freakin' love it. Shawn is the best of the best, he smells good and isn't going to chat your ear off if you would prefer to just sit there and be quiet, but he'll engage you if you want! Tell him Kate from yelp sent you and he'll give me a free haircut after three people, haha so help a sister out! Or not. hehe OH! And my fav thing about Shawn (besides the rad cut)? He doesn't push product. Thank HEY SEUSS!HOW TO GET HERE: Okay, so the complex is at the corner of Camelback and 20th BUT that puts you at the butt of the building. I know that the doors say "Reception at North entrance" but it seems like a lot of people are super confused about where North is. North is not the Camelback side, it is the opposite side. So if you park on the Camelback side of the building and walk in the three doors on that side, you will end up in the back of the salon-- no big deal, just walk through and ask anyone how to get to the reception area and you'll be fine. Otherwise, do what I did and walk around the building to the door with the triangle shaped handle and VOILA! You're in.THE SALON: oh my gosh so cute! They have water, lemonade and what looks like Iced Tea. I had coffee with me so I did not partake. There is ample seating along the hallway and in the reception area. The chairs are nice. The hair washing stations are comfortable and the chairs adjust to fit you so you're not ridiculously uncomfortable at the neck. The receptionist (he was this adorable man) was just the sweetest thing ever.Would I recommend this place? Yes.Would I recommend a stylist? Shawn.Would I come back and pay full price? If I wasn't a student, definitely.Enjoy!
5	Roger Montoya is amazing!  He is the only one that can read my mind and knows what's best for my hair.  I have wavy frizzy hair and he is the only one that can manage it.  Before, I wasn't able to let it grow for fear of having a big tangled mess.  Since Roger, I have managed to to grow it out to the middle of my back.  This is a great feat from a bob!  He is like Edward Scissorhands!  I'm so glad I found him.  My mom and sister now go there, too.
5	Fantastic salon with great energy. Everyone is very friendly. Ask for Michelle McKee, she is awesome. Michelle is one of those people you like instantly. She is very friendly and a great stylist with a lot of experience. Go see her!
5	As a girl with thick, curly hair, finding a stylist that I can trust to not turn my head into a triangular ball of frizz is a tall order.  I have lived in 3 different parts of the country and this issue is always stressful for me.  After moving to Phoenix last September, I was on the hunt for a good salon to call home.  I have been dyeing my hair for about 12 years, and most recently was using Redken color.  The Redken website directed me to a few options, one of which was R Salon.  After reading the great reviews on Yelp, I decided to give them a try.  I have had 3 visits in the past year, and the owner, Rick, has done my hair each time.  He is friendly and awesome at hair color/cuts.  He matched my color perfectly the first time and has only had to do root touch ups since, which are always well matched.  He switched me to a color infused with coconut oil, which is easier on my hair and doesn't have such a nasty chemical smell.  I love it and it leaves my hair soft well after the treatment.  He gives a great layered cut for the curly haired girl and listens when I ask for more or less length taken off.  His appointment times are great, as he starts as early as 8am (which I can get to and from before work) and has appointments as late as 6pm.  Oh and did I mention the prices are super reasonable?  I am calling R Salon my forever home for hair cuts & color in Phoenix!
5	Roger is great!
5	Amy at R Salon is awesome! ALL the staff that i've come in contact with have been really nice and their customer service has always been stellar!  Now back to Amy - Ive been in to see Amy twice so far and each time she's been the sweetest hair stylist ive ever had!! & ive been to tons of salons in the valley...not only is she super nice, she knows what she is doing, takes her time, listens & makes sure she understands exactly what you want!
5	Shawn gave me a awesome color and my bf a new style. They are all awesome there. Rick is awesome also. Highly recommended!
5	like most of the other reviewers here I saw a deal on Groupon and decided to give it a try. I called and made an appointment without the deal and they said they would honor it. I had my hair done by Amy J and she was great. so bubbly and sweet. she listened to what I wanted and gave suggestions. my hair looks great. I plan on returning! and the atmosphere is great. so vibrant and colorful. its a busy place, and I take that as a good sign.
5	I highly recommend going to see roger M at this salon! He Is amazing,  he does my permanent hair straightening system along with deep conditioning and cuts. Can't say enough How talented he is!
5	Just got my haircut from Suzi D after getting a groupon and I absolutely love it. She explained what products she was putting in my hair and that if I liked them they sell them. I wasn't pressured to buy them but I am seriously thinking of going back to purchase them. I didn't know how I wanted my hair but after some questions she hit what works with my lifestyle and age. I will definitely be moving hairdressers for the rest of my haircuts.
2	I was not pleased with my experience at this salon.  First I purchased a groupon for $39.00 for a cut and partial highlights.  I had my hair died dark so the highlights would stand out.  After all they are only Partial highlights. When my hair dresser brought me back to his station I let him know that I don't want a bob because bobs are to short.  He asked if it were to be shoulder length and I said yes.  I like my hair messy, so add some layers as I need to add fullness on top.  He proceeded to cut my hair, the hair cut was nice, but it was a BOB, too short... not even near my shoulders.  Damage is done, what am I to do... so he told me that he was going to give me partial highlights and they would be golden brown, there were no highlights in the back as that would be a full highlight.  That is fine with me.  He put so many foils in my hair i didn't know what to expect.  While he stuck me under the drier for some heat on the foils he informed me that he styled my hair and there will be an extra charge.  Oh great.  Just what I didn't expect.  IT didn't make sense but i just wanted to finish this and get out.  When he did finish he asked if i could see the highlights, I told him no... my hair is now blonde... can't see highlights... my dark hair is gone... and I ended up having to pay an extra $30.00 bucks... so wrong.. I'll never go back... I didn't know what to do, just wanted out... i set another appointment out of feeling like I had to... but I won't be going back.  My hair is too short and too blonde.. no highlights... I look so washed out... sad.. there when 70 bucks for a sad ending... money not well spent... Sham on me...
5	I went here with the purchase of their groupon. And I am extremely happy with the service I received. Usually when you purchase a groupon the stylist don't give a crap about you. But Suzi D did my hair and she is now my new hair dresser. She took the time to make sure everything was perfect, she was very friendly and now has a new client. The salon is very clean and everyone seemed nice. I will most defiantly be back for the excellent service.
1	THE worst haircut service I have ever received. I honestly wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy. I was 8 minutes late because my gps had me pull into the apartment complex right next to the salon, so I'm literally running in and my stylist is waiting for me. He was nice superficially but either was very upset that I was 8 minutes late (which I was more than willing to accommodate for with a large tip) or he literally just doesn't know how to treat or cut hair. When he was "brushing" my hair, he was just ramming the brush through the knots and I could hear and see my long (about waist length) hair breaking. I had NEVER has my hair treated like that and when washing it, he was even more rough. It was horrible. After washing, he rams the brush through my wet hair again and I can hear the hair breaking again. I'm cringing and honestly should have just left. But I foolishly thought to myself that if he's working somewhere with rave reviews, he must know what he's doing. Then to the actual cut. I asked for a slight framing around my face and a trim. He trims the bottom and around my face, cuts 4-5 inch pieces off the sides of my face. When I specifically asked him to barely cut it and to keep it as thick looking as possible. I got the opposite. On one side, the hair reaches about my chin and is choppy and looks soo bad. The rest of the hair is about at my waist. The cutting is over within 10-15 minutes. He blow dries my hair, and again yanks brushes through rougher than I thought imaginable. I left a $5 tip and that was honestly too much. When I got to look at it in the mirror of my car, I teared up because it's going to take months for the sides to grow out. Currently looking into hair growth products and masks. Lesson learned: don't buy groupons for hair if you care about your hair.
5	This salon is great! So bright and vibrant! When you walk in it's just so warm and inviting and everyone is bubbly and sweet! I had my eye brows done by Chelsea, who is new to the salon, which made me a little wary, but for no reason! She is so sweet and friendly and really knew what she was doing. I've had by brows done many times before and had it tear the skin or leave burns or even just had it done so badly and uneven that I looked ridiculous, so I'm always worried about getting it done. Chelsea eased my worries and quickly went to work on what I would have to say was the best eye brow waxing experience ever! I definitely will be returning for one of the many other services she offers! Definitely a great find!
5	I see have been seeing Janelle at R Salon for the last 2 years, and I drive from Peoria to see her.  I have very thick, curly, frizzy hair that I wear straight, and not many people can cut my impossible hair.  Janelle nails it, and always gets the color right too.  Plus, she just happens to be one of the sweetest, funniest, and most down to earth people...just love her! Worth the trip.
5	I had an appointment with Amy J. yesterday. The salon accommodated me on short notice (less than 24 hours), and honored the Groupon price without me purchasing the Groupon. I received a partial highlight and cut. I've tried a ton of salons here in town and in Chandler, Mesa, Scottsdale, and each have fallen short of impressive. I have a stylist in Atlanta that I usually wait for, but I need a great stylist here! Finally I have found a great stylist: kind, professional and caring. Amy greeted me promptly and offered me refreshments throughout the appointment which was nice. She explained all of the products in detail, and before the cut she actually pulled some magazines and found a cut she thought would look great. The color and cut turned out beautiful! I'm pretty picky with my highlights, since I've been a highlighted blonde for years. The highlights came out just the way I like them, and the placement is perfect for a natural look. She took her time with me, and did not rush the process! I would highly recommend trying this salon especially if you've had bad experiences at other salons. The location is very easy to locate (NW corner of Camelback and 20th St), tons of parking, and close to great shopping and eateries. The atmosphere is very laid back, funky, and comfortable. Give Amy J a try, she'll change your opinion of stylists!
4	Loved the atmosphere the place is really nice and has a unique layout. I saw a deal on yelp and decided to try it ($75 worth of service for $50) but what I wanted ended up with was a lot more expensive which is why I gave the 4 star, if I could afford that all the time I would go back because I really liked my hairstylist and the outcome!! (Rick) I was trying to change my hair colour though so it may have been expensive anywhere..
5	I came to the salon on a friend's recommendation and I'm so happy I did. I had at least ten inches cut from my hair and love the new style Antonette created for me. She truly took the time to listen to what would work for me and incorporate that into a style that looked and felt great.
5	Went here on the Groupon. Had a nice experience this salon is HUGE. Amy H. Cut and did some color, the blow dry was extra and honestly blow drys make me fall asleep with my long hair. She was super friendly and liked what she did. Worth the money.
4	I went to R Salon for a brow wax and a partial color and cut. The lady that did my brows was amazing. Her name is Carol and I highly recommend her. She was so thorough and meticulous and shaped my unruly wolf brows better than most others I have been to. I saw Nikki for my hair and she did a great job on the cut. She really listened to the style I was going for and made suggestions on the color. The color she did turned out exactly how I wanted it (how often can you say that). She was awesome and I will definitely be back to see her. The only reason this salon is not getting 5 stars is due to the mishap on pricing for my blow out. I was charged $40 (I have thin shoulder length hair) and I found the price ridiculously high. It was actually a mistake and they made good on it when I called to inquire.This is a fun and hip salon ad the prices are spot on. If you are looking for a new stylists I would give Nikki a ring.
5	Claudine is fabulous for your skin/facial needs. Very experienced, skilled, trustworthy, down to earth, etc. I trust her completely. She has gorgeous skin herself and wants everyone else to as well! She also has reasonable rates; she won't try to rip you off or talk you in to anything. She is the best. Now I don't want to go anywhere else!
4	My wife just got a haircut at this place and she seems to be pretty happy with her experience. Full marks for the ambience. The stylist name was Nathan and he seemed to be friendly and did a great job. Will be going there again. I strongly recommend R Salon.
1	OK. The service (while I was there) was not bad. I got an ok haircut here though my hairstylist yanked my hair like crazy, my scalp hurt for 2 days. But this is why I gave a one star.I worked in the retail industry as well, so I understand very well that sometimes it's irritating that customers with coupons are the ones that complain the most. But, this is a different story.I got a discount to R Salon, $75 for a haircut and hair color session. So I went in, got my hair done and everything, was pretty happy with it. And at the end, I gave my coupon, and my hair stylist charged me 30 dollars more for my hair was longer. That sounds right. BUT, I went home and later that night, around 7.30PM, the owner/manager of R Salon called me up and said the hair stylist miscounted the price, and he asked me to pay 80 dollars extra. I was thinking to myself " Wow, that's the first", I mean Really? Yes, he really did that and demanded for my credit card info. As a decent person, I gave him the benefit of the doubt and provided my CC info. So, yes, they charged it right away, no second thoughts.Now, it wasn't my fault, and as a business, the manager should have known that wasn't the right move. For 80 dollars, he lost a customer forever.
1	Read the negative reviews first. Do yourself a favor. I literally just left this place and I've never looked more like a 12-year-old boy in my life. A previous reviewer (Anastacia) mentioned going in and requesting a "U" or "V" shaped cut and leaving with a blunt cut. I'm in the same $&@!?#% boat right now. I could have given scissors to my 4-year-old and gotten a better shape than this. You can not possibly comprehend how completely PISSED OFF I am about this. I actually sat in the parking lot and physically cried. I leave for Vegas tomorrow and I won't be able to curl, flat iron, or even blow dry my hair the entire weekend without looking like a god damned IDIOT. Thanks R Salon. Thanks for ruining my birthday weekend. You better believe I'm calling groupon to let them know about this and you better believe the GENEROUS $10 tip I left my stylist is all R Salon will EVER see out of my wallet.
4	Went there recently for the first time. Went in to get mah hur dun and was connected with Linda. She did an amazing job. She was very personable and easy to talk with. Linda was fast but still detail oriented. I love the Saturday hours. Very convenient.Would I go back? Absolutely! Would I recommend to a friend? Yes, all of them!
1	completely appalled, i went to the salon for a cut and i  cut about 16 inches my hair, the stylist that i had,her name was (haley) asked me if i would like to donate to locks of love i told her yes. she then proceeded to make little comments that she wouldn't because she wouldn't want anybody else having her dna! are you kidding me! do you know how completely ignorant you sound?  locks of love helps thousand of women and children who may be suffering of cancers or any illness in which they may have lost there hair.. you should be ashamed of your self for saying such nonsense i hope everyone reads this and gives you dirty looks,  and when i get done talking to the salon i hope they alleviate you of your duties since common sense and human decency is not a strong suit for you! next time haley keep your dumb comments to your self!
5	I had my haircut by Nathan and the experience was fantastic. I was visiting Phoenix and called on short notice and they were able to accommodate me. Also, he gave me the groupon deal, that I didn't even know existed. (I found them by good reviews on yelp).This salon is trendy and hip. You will get a modern cut by a fabulous stylist.I try never to get my haircut by anyone other than my regular stylist, but I am so happy I took a chance and met Nathan. I highly recommend him to anyone looking for a great cut! He did a great job and is very friendly and cute! Thanks Nathan
5	I saw Tamatha Austin today for the first time and could not be happier!  She did a great job cutting and styling my VERY straight hair, and was able to add volume in a way that held all day until a late afternoon photo session.  I will definitely be back!
5	Shawn is a master colorist, artistic hair cutter and an extraordinary hair stylist.  He is no fresh out of beauty school kid.  I get my hair cut, colored and styled every 5 weeks.  So, on that day, I make it all about me.  If I have to wait a few minutes until Shawn is ready for me, so be it!  If he's running behind, he calls to let me know so I can adjust when I arrive.  I think the salon is very nice with a lot of great stylists to choose from.  If you are in the market for a new look for your hair, Shawn is excellent at looking at your face shape and determining what style would enhance your look.  I am always getting compliments on my hair from all kinds of people, young and old, people I don't even know.  Shawn is truly a gifted artist!
5	I've been coming to this salon now for almost a year. Everyone is super friendly, professional and fun! I'd recommend seeing Daniela. She's the best! And is always continuing her education and is very knowledgable in new trends. They've got some pretty great groupons too. Check it out. I highly recommend this place.
5	I came across this place like many of the others here, on Groupon. I decided to check it out since it's close by and seemed like a cool place. Amy cut and styled my hair and did a fantastic job! I was given a cold drink, an awesome scalp massage and friendly conversation while getting my cut. I loved this place and will return!
5	Santana scissor Sharpening had a great experience with salon and staff.Thank you.Fabio and Anthony
3	Very trendy place and a good selection of salon products.  However the services seem pricing considering that most of the stylist seem to be very new to the profession. I would recommend this place if you are willing to let someone play with your hair or want to try something edgy but not if you desire  a specific cut or style.
5	Been getting my hair cut by Niza for a few months now. He is awesome. His prices for men's cuts are great just $25. The receptionist is always super friendly and there are always refreshments while you wait. I won't go anywhere else with the service I get at R Salon.
5	I've never left a hair cut completely happy with what it looked like before meeting with Shawn at R Salon.  I'll never go to anyone else Shawn gets it right every time.  Highly recommended.
5	I just got home from getting an amazing haircut from Belen at R Salon! My boyfriend joined me and also got a great cut from Amy J. Cool vibe and friendly staff at a great price.  I have found my new stylist!
1	Michelle King , made me feel like I was a burden and that she wanted nothing to do with doing mg hair.  She came across mean , cold and rude.  Almost like she yells at u when she is talking.   She reminds me of my critical mother.  I left.  Was not going to sit with her for any amount of time.  Nor give her my money. That's my second time to this salon. First experience was bad too. Steer clear is all I can say.   Amazing how some people can actually participate in customer service and yet have such poor , poor people skills.
5	This place is EXACTLY what I was looking for! I found a Groupon for a cut and condition at R Salon, so I figured I'd give it a shot. I was not only blown away by the service, but Nikki is my new go to. She's the kind of stylist that highlights what you have, and doesn't try to hide it by crazy cuts and funky coloring (unless that's what you're looking for). I couldn't be more pleased with how my hair turned out, and that she didn't let me cut all my hair off!!!Overall, if you're looking for the perfect styling experience, R Salon is your place.
5	I went to Michelle King at R Salon for the first time this past Saturday after calling just the day before to make an appointment.  Michelle was up front to greet me when I got there.  I've had three haircuts in the past month to try to get my short women's cut the way I want it.  I decided to give Michelle a try after going to the same stylist twice with no luck.  She looked at the photos I brought with me and listened to what I didn't like about the current cut.  She asked me questions which helped her put my "vision" into technical terms so I could better communicate what I wanted.  She explained to me what she was doing througout the cut.  I finally got the cut I wanted.... better than what I had in mind actually!
5	Came to R salon to see get a haircut and style, mind you never been here. I'm from Los Angeles, but I really wanted to get a hair cut while in the area. I seen the great reviews plus I seen the deal on groupon. So I decided to buy the deal and made an appointment with Nikki. Once I arrived I found the place vibrant and trendy feel. Met Nikki and right off the bat we Hit it off. She is awesome and has a great personality! She made me feel right at home like I was talking to a best friend or sister. The cut was amazing and she made my hair feel amazing! Thank you Nikki! She's my new hairstylist once I move to Phoenix. I recommend her to anyone who wants a great cut and experience.
5	Go see Daniela! This girl really knows what's she's doin. I came in a few months ago desperately in need of a cut and really wanting some purple in my hair. She found the perfect balance between subtle but PURPLE. She blended it perfectly and gave me an easy to manage haircut. When my roots started to grow out I didn't have to freak, she fit me into her schedule super quick and fixed me up. I love my haircut even more than I did the first time and I didn't even think that was possible! She has so many talents definitely give her a shot if you're lookin' for a new style she's amazing :)
5	I have always loved this salon. For the past 3 years I've had Rick work on my hair. There were times within that 3 year period I strayed to other salons & even boxed dye. My hair eventually turned out pretty wrecked from my straying. Rick was able to salvage it! I always leave this place with soft & richly colored hair. I've been very lucky to have someone as talented & experienced as Rick style my hair. The staff is always kind & welcoming. They will do their best to accommodate you, even if you are a walk in at 6:00pm (which I just witnessed today at my appointment when I left). Give it a shot & ask if they have any new client specials, they often honor their Groupon specials for new clients even if you don't have one.
5	I love R Salon and my colorist/stylist Amy Horn. She is amazing and I won't go anywhere else. The Salon is beautiful and everyone makes you feel so welcome.
5	I recently moved back to phx and didn't know where to go. I found this place on groupon and couldn't ignore such a great deal. I got an appt with Daniela and I completely love her!! Super sweet, super knowledgeable and she makes it look effortless! Perfect cut and highlights every time...I'm always getting compliments on my hair since I've been going to her. She even cuts my 3 & 4 year olds hair now and they have crazy curls. The salon is trendy looking but not over the top...everyone is super friendly and they look so happy working there. I feel like I'm not settled into my new home until I've found a hair place so I'm super grateful I've found Daniela :)
5	Love this salon! Modern interior and excellent range of services available. Janelle is amazing. She can work with all hair types and styles. She has taken me from dark to blonde, from long to short and happy every time. I love the lemonade and pretzels too!
5	I was in the market for a new stylist and when I saw a groupon for R Salon, I decided to check them out. I'm so glad that I did! Nathan did an amazing job. I LOVE my new cut and my hair feels amazing.  Thank you! I've already made my next appointment!
5	I bought a groupon for cut and partial highlights based on the reviews here and had a great experience! Michelle M was my stylist and she have me exactly what I was looking for and was super friendly. She also gave me a free style since it wasn't included with my groupon and I had a date that night! I'll definitely be a regular here!
3	I called to check if they could take me today, since i would be leaving town tomorrow. I also told them that i might get the groupon but she said i wouldnt have to they would honor the price, which was pretty awesome. My hair cut was a very good one. I loved how she listened and made sure i knew where the length was sitting before continueing to cut. But i didnt recieve a deep conditioning as the groupon stated. There was no heat protection product added to me hair. And my style wasnt the best i had to come home and fix it before work... I know i have thick hair and wavy but i can get it straight in 30 minutes without all the pulling the lady did..
5	I love Janelle.   Can't promise that anyone else is as good as her, but she is amazing.   I fear the hairstylist like most fear the dentist.   But I trust Janelle.   She gave me an edgy cut.  She hooked up my conservative mother's hair.  She also cuts my friend's afro.  She really can do it all.
5	Nikki was awesome! I got my hair colored and cut and came out looking exactly how I wanted. Highly recommend :)
5	I've been seeing Amy Horn for over two years and I can't imagine life without her. First it was the perfect haircut, then a year ago she helped me discover the perfect hair color. I've never felt more like myself. I wish I needed cuts more often so I could hang out more with this awesome lady. Keep Amy in mind for your next apt!
5	I've been going to this salon now for over a year. Was randomly assigned to Haley when I made an appointment after purchasing a Groupon. I've been coming here and seeing Haley ever since. My 18 year old son sees her as well, for almost as long.  It's a laid back kind of place where all genders and ages feel comfortable. I am 59... My son is 18. I don't know how they do that, but they do! Prices are extremely reasonable.
5	We've been seeing Niza at R Salon for 2 years now and think he's amazing. He cuts my 14 year olds hair on a regular basis, which to impress a teenager is impressive on it's own. He has beautiful curly hair that Niza is proficient at creating new styles for. Your image at 14 years old is everything and Niza always makes him look handsome! :) He does such a great job at taking care of the whole family! Thanks Niza for becoming our friend and stylist!
5	I saw Nathan for my first appointment. I recently moved from Illinois and was very nervous trusting my hair to someone new. He did an amazing job with my highlights and cut. I will def be coming back. I trust him with, little to no guidance on what I'm looking for, that it will look great.
1	I went here once. Haircut was average, not bad not great. What really turned me off from this salon (other than the average haircut) was the owners response to someone who was unhappy with her cut. Get some class.
5	Haley is the only person cut my hair in layers. She knows exactly what I want. It grows out healthy and layered well. Definite recommendation!!!!
5	Been going here a couple years, see Shawn.  He is amazing.  Always so fun and very enthusiastic.Nice place, the owner Rick is really laid back and nice too.They send you a reminder text for your appt.  I am def a fan!!!Shawn is cool and funny too.  He makes me giggle and laugh, and he always has an iced cold Vanilla Coke Zero for me:)
5	I went to Niza for the first time a couple months ago and it was the best haircut I've ever had. He didn't give me the awkward "just got my hair cut" look and now I can't stop recommending him to people.
5	Walked in not knowing what to expect. Right away I was greeted and was introduced to Claudia Montes. She was really nice and helped me throughout the whole process. I will definitely be going back to her! She did a fantastic job!
5	I came here for the first time with a Groupon. I couldn't be happier. Niza was great. He was professional and gave me a fabulous new look. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a new hip salon.
5	First time and I love this place.I felt so welcomed the minute I walked in. Shannel Mariano is amazing!!! I definitely  recommend her to anyone. I can't wait to go back again :)
5	Nothing but good things to say about my experiences at R Salon! First went there with my stepmom on a Groupon and met with Amy (don't know who my stepmom met with). I needed to have my roots matched with the rest of my hair which I had previously used bleach in to lift some color. I was nervous she wouldn't be able to match the color but did a spot on job without using any bleach! She then gave me s great cut. She is also a very pleasant girl in general. A few weeks later my sister needed a haircut and so I booked at appointment for her to meet with Nathan and he worked his magic on her while Amy trimmed my bangs. My sister is obsessed with her haircut and tells me that she wants to go back to Nathan, which is a huge compliment considering the last three cuts have been from all different stylists! Would definitely recommend; courteous, charismatic and competent stylists creating great looks! ;D
1	Eek!  Had high hopes for this place as I was looking for a new salon since I recently moved to Midtown....paid $55 for one of the worst hair cuts of my life...plus a tip! Made plans to go back to "Amy J" to have her fix the cut....but was too afraid that I would end up with no hair at all!  I wouldn't believe the hype....I never felt comfortable here...maybe it just isn't my kind of place...the receptionist was rude and I stood around waiting as my stylist was talking to someone else on the phone...I will take my chances somewhere else...this place belongs in Scottsdale...not Phoenix!And then...the owner badgers me about my review!Cindy I am surprised by the bad review .... I listened to your voice mails to Amy and read your texts and it seems a very different story then the review you wrote .Perhaps you have forgotten the "bad" haircut you came in with and wanted "fixed" ?You told her via message that your hair was SOO much better & you just needed one piece tweaked a bit..,,How does this rate a 1 star review ?Merry Christmas and Happy New Year We are still here for you should you decide you want anything on your cut changed . RickPerhaps Rick...you have forgotten your manners....badgering your patrons (past or present) is not cool! I now understand where the vibe of your establishment comes from.I'm sticking with the one star!
5	R Salon is great! It's an eclectic bunch of talented folks from all different backgrounds. I've known many of the crew there for over 12 years. I would recommend them to anyone. Rick, the owner, is a great businessman and a talented stylist. Check them out. I read through the reviews here and suggest you ignore the drama-queen, coupon-clipping, bored, daytime TV watchers that seem to have nothing good to say about anything and giving low reviews. R Salon is a fun, creative, urban Phoenix environment with some really great people behind the chairs.
5	First time here and Nathan did a great job! He made it effortless without butchering my already short hair. Think I just found my new hair boyfriend!  Thanks R Salon and Nathan!
5	I found R Salon from a coupon deal. I needed a change from my previous stylist as her hours did not fit mine. I do a cut/color every five weeks. I was sent to Nikki Paxton and I have been with her for 4 years. In addition ,my husband who always went to a cheap barber down the street, is now a fan as well. He also has his haircuts at R Salon as Nikki is attentive, professional and fun to be around. We now consider Nikki not only to be our hairdresser, but our friend. In addition, the receptionists are always attentive and welcoming. The owner has always been professional and present - a hands on owner. The snacks and lemonade are a nice addition when one is running to/or from an appointment. I  highly recommend R Salon
3	I love this place mostly because of my hairstylist. Shanelle knows exactly what she is doing with my hair and always gives great tips. She knows what cut, length, color would make me look anyway that I want to luck.She is also very sweet and patient. I always get compliments on my hair and she also gives the best head massages
5	Great experience at this salon! Brought my daughter (21) here, thanks to yelp. My daughter has a serious phobia of haircuts... she's avoided getting a cut for 6 years after a bad experience. Claudia was perfect. She totally understood what we wanted and did a great job. She was fun and friendly and most importantly knew exactly what we wanted!!!
4	I moved to the city over 6 years ago. Living in a city as big as Phoenix, I thought it would be easy to find a good haircutter. I was quite mistaken. After trying countless barbers, hairdressers, stylists, etc, who in some cases charged 3 times the price of  R Salon  but never did a great job, I found Jose.Jose has been cutting my hair for close to a year now and I hope for many more to come. He is an excellent barber, conversationalist, and philosopher. He always takes his time and does a great job with attention to detail; you're never rushed even when he's busy. As long as he continues to cut hair, he will cut mine.
5	So happy I finally checked this place out! I had really long, thick hair that my baby was grabbing nonstop, so I wanted to cut it off to something cute, easy, and baby-resistant. I booked an appointment with Nikki within a couple days. The front desk staff were very friendly, the vibe is cool but not snobby, with a wide variety of clientele. It turns out that Nikki is the "long hair" specialist, so she was sad to cut off my locks. But she did a fantastic job! I went from super long to short, A-line bob in less than an hour. And the ultimate test of a good cut: I was able to easily recreate the salon look at home the next day. Thick hair can go so badly when it's short, so I am really picky about who's cutting mine, but Nikki was fantastic, and I'll be returning to her for all my trims!
5	I've only had one experience but I'll be returning so will update as necessary. Obviously they did well though since I said I'd be going back!Im another who tested this place out using a groupon. I was very pleased with the great service despite my using the groupon. I've heard of places giving undesirable customer service to grouponers since we're using a discount but this place played their cards right!I had Angeleda who was an angel and I scheduled a second appt with her in 4 months. She took such care when working with me; she wasn't rushing through the appointment and really listened to what I wanted. I experienced the conditioning treatment, cut and style. It was a very relaxing atmosphere where they offered a drink during my treatment and the staff was very welcoming. I just felt very pampered and not rushed here which was key! Plus! They have their own line of products and I needed a new leave-in conditioner. I got theirs because once you use it all, they'll refill for 20% off. This stuff smells amazing and I use it every day . Angeleda let me know that this package is usually $50.00 w/out a groupon. It's higher than your fastclips but I'm willing to do that every 4 months or so with this kinda service. I'm very happy with my experience there and hope to continue to have a great one as long as I'm a patron. Yay, found ma spot I think
