5	This place was amazing!  The pita was so hot, I had to wait a minute to eat it.  I had a greek salad and it was good, no complaints.  A colleague stated it was the best gyro she had ever had.  The service was wonderful too!  This is definitely worth it!  The prices aren't bad too!
4	Excellent gyros, and the warmest, fluffiest pita ever. The hummus was more on the lemony side, which was refreshing, though I prefer it more garlicky. The italian beef was tasty, but the bread could not withstand the juice, and it got gooey.The interior could use some help, and our server seemed a bit strung out. But the the service was attentive and quick. The prices are really fair as well.
3	I saw this place out of the corner of my eye on the way somewhere else a couple of weeks ago.  The reviews were old but positive.  I got there early for the lunch crowd and by the time I left almost 1/2 the tables were occupied.  I had a lunch special gyro with fries ($7.99 including soda).  Very good.  haven't had a gyro in 15+ plus years so didn't have anything to compare it to.  The fries were hot, crisp on the outside, soft on the inside.  The two women running the place pleasant and the service was good.It turns out I became one of those folks who can't be taken anywhere, even by myself.  I am paying attention to my gyro and keeping it together not noticing the paper wrapper was acting as a funnel to spray the juices from the meat and vegetables all over the front of me and my lap.  By the time I realized what was happening I was covered!  :-)
5	A small mom and pop Greek joint, with excellent food, which is made to order, and excellent prices. A great place for lunch that I have been going to for several years. It is frequented by the local ambulance crews in the area because it is fast and cheap. The staff is friendly, and quick to remember you if you come in more than once. The gyros are great, with hot, fresh fries on the side. The falafel is also good, though they do not always have it. I will continue eating here for a long time to come, and hope you come try it!
1	This place was a disappointment. First of all the food took forever- even though my bf and I were the only ones there. They have only 1 gyro on the menu. C'mon now, every greek restaurant should have more than 1 type of gyro. My bf had the gyro and thought it wasn't bad, despite the grease that poured out the bottom of his gyro when he held it up. However, when I order a gyro with beef only (no lamb), they didn't have it. They also didn't have the beef sandwich. When I ordered the Italian sandwich I was in horror when it came out. It looked like soggy roast beef (that surprisingly tasted very dry due to overcooking) served in an old hot dog bun. No joke, the bread was an over-microwaved hot dog bun that was too hard to tear apart, nonetheless bite through it. It tasted as bad as it looked and I resorted to eating only my fries (which were overcooked and hard. I think they re-cooked a batch that had been sitting out since lunch three hours before we came in). Who messes up fries?!? This was a horrid eating experience that left me going straight to Mickey-D's for something more reliable. Save your money, people.
4	I LOVE their gyros! They seriously have the most flavorful gyro meat I've ever had. Service is a tad slow but they are all very friendly. Lunch specials under $10.
1	tried going today and it was closed down
4	I stopped by here on my way back to my office. Found it on yelp and figured "what the heck". So I stooped in, pretty slow just one table was seated. I wanted a take out. The waitress who took my order was a bit outta it or just shy. I got a chicken gyro, fries, and a coke. All for under $7. It was HUGE, I ate half the fries, half the gyro, and half the soda. Which is probably good for my heart and overall well being. Nonetheless it's a pretty decent little spot.
5	Love this place. Always get the greek salad. Mom and pop place, and if ur there at the right time the owners wife will be the one at the counter.
3	I recently moved from Michigan, and I am looking for Arabic food of the quality that I was accustomed to in Dearborn.   This restaurant was not it.       I ordered a fattoush salad, and I was not impressed.  The pita chips were great.  They were warm and crispy.  The dressing and seasoning wasn't right, it was more like an Italian vinaigrette.  The salad was simple: onions, iceberg lettuce, tomatoes, and cucumbers. I also ordered a baba ganoush sandwich.  It was okay, but still not the taste I was looking for.     Now, although the food was just decent, I must say that the service was excellent. The woman noticed that I ordered a vegetarian sandwich, so when I ordered a garlic sauce to dip my pita in, she took extra care to bring me a vegetarian version.  I am not a vegetarian, but I appreciate that she took the time to do that for me.  She said that her regular version of the garlic sauce includes egg.     I am also a fan of the fact that they sell bread and Arabic sweets.  It is close to home if I should get that craving.  They do not make their own bread or sweets, but it is still nice to know where I can find such a thing in Arizona.
5	Very accommodating family owned business... Not sure they completely understood everything we said but nevertheless the food was amazing... And didn't cost me an arm and leg... I had their gyro and it was awesome... The artwork around the small dining area was enough to be oooohhhed and aaaaawwwwed at but then the food came and we were very pleased... I will definitely return again...
4	The Gyro combo is fantastic
5	I had the combination kabob plate. We also had the grape leaves appetizer, gyros, and lamb kabob plate. All the food was authentic and delicious! The service was outstanding, and the atmosphere is wonderful. We'll be back!
3	I really wanted to love this place. It was my first time there. Walked in didnt see anyone in the counter everyone was in rhe dining room, a little ackward. One lady was nice and showed ne to the menu, dudnt know if to order in coubmnter ir sit down and order. The place was pretty dead but good for me it meant less wait. I got a kifta and schwarma combo(not on their menu but i ask if it could be dine and the nice lady agreed,usually my favorites). Gyros usually are never bad but i wanted to try thivtype of restaurants other favorites. 1. Their rice was bland dont think it was Jazmine rice and super soft i usually like a little crisp 2. Meat schwarma was also bland and kn the sweet side which was weird, seemed nore boiled than grilled. 3. Beef kifta was good but not something i would order again. 3. Their BAKLAVA kind of sweetened the dissapointment, it was very tasty and you get two pieces for $1.50 which was pretty nice. Its a small local place  and came with open mind but just not what i expected. :-( dont get me wrong i will come back for the Gyro and hopefully uts good. I think if you dine you get lentil soup, but i didnt get it since i got it to go. Gyro sandwich combo $6.95 and i posted some pics of the menu! You are welcome...
5	Great food great service...doma...mmm good. Bummed  to see the place didn't have many people get for lunch. The last was kind and served us our drinks. Good cooked to perfection.
4	Pretty good gyros combos. Service is nice also. Nice place for lunch spot.
5	The prices and serving sizes are amazing! Aside from that, the food is COMPLETELY authentic and the family who runs the restaurant are all super friendly. I highly recommend this place, I absolutely love it!
3	The dolma (stuffed grape leaves) was fantastic. The gyros not so much the meat wasn't all that great and the tzatziki sauce had an unusual favor. My friend says the chicken gyro was amazing. All in all I I will try them again!
5	This place was my first experience with Greek food and I loved it... I can't imagine my life without gyros now lol. Its kinda small but the food definitely makes up for it and the staff is really friendly.
