4	After a five-night spree of dining out in Madison for birthdays and out-of-town visitors, a spree that included such well known fixtures as New Seoul, The Great Dane, and Restaurant Magnus the overwhelming week's victor was one of Madison's newest, The Cubano Room.Walking into the Cubano, the place just explodes in confidence and style.  Saturated crimsons color the walls, high key lighting adds accents around the room.  The large room manages to feel sophisticated while calm, a feat that is easier said than done.  While our wait staff, far contrary to our bartender, could have been a bit more knowledgeable and opinionated on her descriptions and preferences than the "everything is really good" response, the truth was that everything was really good.  With the trademark Chimichurri Sauce, a sweet but punchy mix of lemon, vinegar, and spices, here a bit sweeter than usual, it melds perfectly and lets the dishes truly take off.  A perfectly cooked and seasoned hamburger made with the finest angus beef is as tasty as they come.  A rich salad executed with precision and balance.  Finally, a more classical Cuban-pressed sandwich with melted goat cheese, a sweet variety of peppers, steak strips and of course beans and rice.  The dishes designed with a respectful level handedness for all components create no element too strong, no factor less important, and all the better from their fantastic Chimichurri sauce.The dishes sing without coming across as swanky blasting out aggressive flavors and a hefty tab, rather gently coming together in a sum-of-all-parts manner.  This allows the Cubano's food to initially appear simple but taste refined; the amazing duality thus being such refinement actually makes it chic without the pomp. Side bar.  Visit the bar.  With a truly impressive list of drafts and bottles which will have you stop in again just for a nightcap.
3	My friend and I had a lunch. This is the downstairs of Samba Brazilian Grill building, which looks fancy from the outside, but it's actually very casual. The great thing is that Cabana room is equipped with a nice full bar, and they make pretty good Bloody Mary. On my friend's recommendation, I ordered Feijoada - Brazilian black bean soup with few different kinds of meat (sausage, shredded beef/pork etc). It came with a plate of rice, and I guess you can eat the soup with the rice, but frankly, I wasn't crazy about the soup with or without the rice - just didn't care.  Maybe the blandness is the authentic style, but I kept pouring hot sauce and salt just to get any flavor I can out of the soup. Bloody mary, on the other hand, was great. If I didn't have to work in the afternoon, I would have gone for the second.
4	More casual than Samba upstair, the Cabana room still offers a nice selection of sandwiches, soups, salads and wraps all at a much more moderate price.  The mojito is, in my opinion, the best in town.  Service is good, although the waitstaff seems a little harried.  A couple of times we needed to flag our server down for more drinks, but no biggie.  The curried squash soup was very good, and was served with a couple of the little cheesy-bread things that accompany meals in Samba.  I have no idea what they are, they're just good.  My house salad was a little light on the mango vinaigrette, but since I'd had plenty of calories from mojitos, perhaps they were doing me a favor.  Next time, I'd get more dressing on the side.
4	The Cabana Room is exactly what I look for in a casual dinner place. The entrees are very reasonably priced at $5-9, and in addition to several good vegetarian options they allow you to replace any of the specialty burgers with veggie burgers. I had the vegetarian burger with roasted peppers and goat cheese, a GREAT combination.
2	I was not very impressed at this place.  Went with 4 other gfs for dinner and drinks... Everything took FOREVER.Sat at the bar first, while we waited... not busy really at all and 2 drinks took about 10 minutes.Once we were seated, it took about another 10 minutes to be greeted.  And the restaurant was not busy at all, and I think our server maybe had one other table.  She did not seem like she wanted to be there, was short with us and seemed burdened when we wanted another round of drinks and requested to start with apps.The food didn't make up for the service either, unfortunately.  My salad had an olive dressing of sorts and that is all I could taste, was olives.  Not the cheese, which should have been the highlight.I won't go back.
3	This dining experience was a mix of both enjoyment and disappointment. Definitely not the fabulous experience of it's sister restaurant upstairs, Samba. Not that that was expected--especially considering that the bill was about HALF what we spent at brunch upstairs...even WITH drinks at the Cabana Room!"Woo" for:1) Super yummy mojitos(that rival Jolly Bob's--gasp)2) Nice bar with an impressive array of tap beers--and decent sampler prices3) A nice outdoor alcove of seating(even if it was too chilly to take advantage of"Boo" for:1) Small number of indoor tables2) A waiter that didn't even bother to tell us the specials(I so would have gone for the lamb stew...which I saw on the board on the way OUT)Our food came quickly, which was nice since I was super hungry. I was torn between the  chile rellenos, and the Lamb and Goat cheese sandwich(I went with the chiles). My man had the Cabana burger, which was super sloppy and oozing blue cheese and onions, but was also topped with bacon and avocado. A bit much to me, but he seemed to like it. My pepper was okay, but not memorable. The only description I have is "meh". I'll  try this place again, probably to enjoy the outdoor seating...but I'd rather save my pennies and dine upstairs.
4	I like it.  Great drink specials.  Some of the food is hit or miss.  Burgers there are awesome.  As are the nachos.  I had the prime rib one night, and was pretty disappointed.  I've found the waitstaff nice and friendly overall, no problems there.  I recommend it overall, nice place to go.
2	I hear the drinks are good so that might result in it getting more stars from me but as far as the food goes - meh. I made the mistake of getting the curry which I was leary about because most places that do a wide variety of cuisines tend to overextend their menu(i.e. a place that does mexican, american, chinese, indian, etc.) That'd just be weird. Well, I tried the curry and the problem was there is a lot of better, authentic curries at the nearby Indian restaurants so why pay the same price for something from the Cabana Room? The service was dreadful and we waited a long time to get our bill despite us being about the only customers there. I don't know, just didn't sit well with me.
4	Solid food at a fair price.  In some ways it's just glorified bar food (burgers, sandwiches, etc) with a few entrees to choose from (salmon, steak).  I had the pork & chimichurri sandwich, which was delicious as usual.  I appreciate the rice & black beans on the side - a nice change over the usual french fries.  I also had a mojito, which was decent, but probably not worth the price.  $8 works upstairs, but seems a bit overpriced for this space.The only low point of the visit was the service.  We wandered in after a show at the Comedy Club on State, about 15 minutes before the posted closing time.  The bartender informed us they were just about to close.  We said we'd be fast, and so we were seated at a table.  The waiter came over and immediately says, "Do you know what you want?", before we had even been handed menus.  Tacky.  The service didn't improve from there (slow, inattentive, etc).I don't know that I would bring guests here looking for an amazing dinner experience, but for a quick burger or sandwich, it's one of the better places in town, and definitely a few notches above standard pub fare.
2	We came here with a groupon. I've been to the upstairs a few times and was always satisfied with that. I hate to say that our first experience with the downstairs was not so good. Overall, I'd say the food was decent, but the service was horrible. It was not even busy and our server took a really long time to take our order and when we tried to call her over to request a change to the order she looked right at us and walked on by. We ended up asking someone else to put the order in for us. When the food came we then had to ask for silverware. Generally, we will overtip when using a groupon, but we were not inclined this time.
3	Contrary to other reviews on this site, our waitress (Marie) was way cool, smart and funny. It was her first night and she had it under control.The food was all really high fat. Heavy cheese sauces that are not far from Velveeta on the food chain. The spices didn't have enough kick for me. Boring food that was not worth the clogged arteries.
1	We at here last summer and were rather concerned at how empty the place was.  We should have taken heed and gone elsewhere.  The wait staff largely ignored us and it took forever to get our food.  When it did arrive it was a very small portion and was dry and unappealing.  I had lamb sliders and there was certainly nothing slider about them except the size.  The meat was dry and tough on a hard roll.  We had ordered a side of the little tapioca rolls for an appetizer as we have had them before and loved them.  This time they finally came with the meal after we asked about them a couple of times and were doughy.  I really think they are using the leftovers from the Samba Brazilian grill upstairs for the meat and serving the people upstairs first as far as the rolls go. We were also dissapointed in the patio.  It looked run down and shoddy.We will not go back!!
