4	These guys are great, they are always willing to help with a question or concern. They have done everything on my 2008 Jeep wrangler Rubicon unlimited.
4	I was recommended to use this place for accessories on the Jeeeep, when I went there I noticed they also do service/maintainence so when I knock out the alignment during some extreme offloading in the school parking lot, it is to these guys I turn.Make a call, wait one day for an appointment and here I am. Friendly staff, clean place with a lot of tires and accessories to keep any 4WD owner happy. My alignment will take an our and I'll wait. The only downside that I could comment on was the lack of a waiting area. There are some seats on display and I make myself comfortable here but I'm not sure I should be sitting here?One hour later, $70 poorer I am reunited with the Jeeeeeep and off I go , back to the trails or Decatur in rush hour, I'm not sure which is more hazardous.
5	these guys are great - just picked up my Jeep after being fitted with  a Old Man Emu lift kit - super installation, very thorough, nice guys, highly recommended!
1	If you're not getting work done by them don't expect much in the way of service. Maybe it was just my experience but it seems that they're not fans of 'do it yourselfers'. After telling my salesman exactly what I wanted, he immediately tried to up sell me to next level and basically got an attitude when I said that I wanted the ones that I had asked for. And to top it all off, when I go down to pick up my order after I've been called that it's all there, 2 items didn't show up, 2 others were the wrong color and one was missing the mounting hardware. That's 5 errors in an order of 8 items, are you kidding me? So much for actually checking an order before calling and wasting the customers time. And instead of anything remotely sounding like an apology I get, "we'll call you when they do get in". Oh hell no. I got my money back and will never step foot in that 'Walmart' of the offroad world again. I guess it serves me right for not going to my usual spot, Back Country.
5	First class staff and operation. They rebounded well from a mishandling of my order and had a great solution proposed before approaching me. Awesome service. I will definitely be back.
4	This place is porn for my jeep. You can order online from them and have it shipped here for free. Adam has always run the business good and done me right when it comes to work on my jeep. There major online competition is Quadratec, prices are similar but shipping is where the differences are made.
1	Scumbags!!! I bought some black door skins for my jeep which they say would have for me in two days and they would call me. Three weeks later with me calling every few days because they never called they finally get them in. I explain to them about how long it took not even a sorry. I pick them up and put them on. If you have never put on any soft top piece on a jeep you have never been to hell. I put them on, and realize they are not the right color of black I asked for! I call them back and they said I gave them the wrong product number. That`s funny, because I never knew a product number existed, all I asked for was diamond black, and that`s what they said they got me. This time they said they apologized and said they will get it in 2 days and they would change it for me because it was such a pain in the ass. 2 weeks later I get the call and they say they are in. I ask if I can make an appointment so I can get them changed. The say it`s fine, don`t worry about just bring in the Jeep and they will do it. I say i will be there tomorrow and they say great! I get there the next day and the guy gives me the pieces. I ask if they want me to bring the jeep around back to get them changed and he says "change them? you have to make an appointment. I have next week thursday." By this time I am pissed and like a joke from god it starts pouring in vegas while I am driving home on the freeway with no windows. I put them on myself, and anyone that can read stay away from these scumbags, it amazes me how people like this can stay in business! Judging by other ratings they probably won`t for long.
4	Good guys, friendly, knowledgable.  I have ordered online and had delivered to the store, special ordered parts and bought from on hand inventory.  A handy place for finding off road parts at a local brick and mortar, far superior to a typical auto parts store.  I have not had 4WP install anything yet, but the people I wheel with that have had work done have been quite satisfied with the cost and installations (lifts, armor, winches, etc.)
5	I love these guys. Have been using them for years building my various Jeep projects. They are great guys. Entire staff has been there for years, they are are very friendly, and they know their stuff. I know a lot of people insist on buying online, but these guys can usually get you what you need much quicker.
