4	This place is super shiney, modern and new.  I love the decor and the feel of this place.They have super cute stuff for sale in their boutique-y area.But their mainly a nail salon..... 20 Lounge offers monthly membership ($30 per month), which include one appointment and then 20% off any additional services, and it all rolls over month to month or can be gifted to friends!-1 star for not having those massage chairs while I get a pedicure.  I truly do enjoy those chairs, and will go to nail places just so I can sit in them.
5	This was so funky, that when I saw a picture of this salon in Foothills Magazine, I had thought it was a new bar/lounge!  Extra chic, sexy, top-notch and cutting edge.  This is the 1st boutique of many slated for across USA.It was great to have everyone speaking fluent english for a change.  Everything is gleaming, sparkling, new, fresh and unique.  Beautifully decorated.  Service is given like you were in a 5-star resort.  Pick of nail colours were beyond the colors of the rainbow.And get this:  would you like a glass of wine?  sure, fill 'er up!  No kidding!  What more could you want?  My husband and I totally loved our Saturday chill'n in here.  It takes alot to get him into Man-grooming, and this decor was perfectly suited to the male ego.I am just considering their membership which offers alot of incentives, VIP treament, gifts, and discounts.  I'l lbe back, no matter if i sign up or not.  No hard sell tactics needed or given - I definatley like that!
4	This is an amazing little gem of a nail salon.  I wanted to buy all of the merchandise they offer (amazing shoes) when just awaiting our appointments.  The ambiance is incredibly social, clean, classy & comfortable.  The technicians do an amazing job & are perfectly social - the people make the place.  Think "Barbershop" type of camaraderie for the ladies.  If I lived in the area this would my pamper place.
2	Upon entry the salon has a modern, clean feel.  The staff seemed nice enough and offered me some wine which led me to think this was going to be a fabulous experience.  But it was pretty much down hill from there. The staff was really short and snotty with each other which and didn't bother to smile once.  My nails bubbled up like crazy as soon as they dried so they offered me a repolish after pouring a thinning agent into the polish (the whole mani pedi process had already taken 2 hours).
2	I, along with two of my girlfriends, purchased the Groupon that was offered a month or two ago. It was definitely a great way to expose a new business!My first visit went along rather nicely. I saved my groupon for a future use, and just got a Manicure with the gel overlay, since I had a pedicure that was still perfectly good. The previous reviews about the pedicure chairs are accurate, not too comfortable.My second visit, was really disappointing. I went in the Saturday morning before Valentine's day, just checking to see if anyone was open so I could use my groupon. Because of a cancellation shortly after my arrival, I was slated for a pedicure first, and a manicure with a reapplication of the gel on my nails that I had received three weeks earlier. The receptionist (sweet girl) assured me that was possible, therefore launching my hopes of my nails looking fabulous for my date that night! When time came for the manicure, I was told that there wouldn't be enough time to do the service I was promised, but only regular paint. Well, ok, it's my fault for not scheduling an appointment. But when the girl was removing the gel with a buffer, she buffed so hard and fast, that my nail beds burned, and I had severely damaged nails when I left. Worse than if I had acrylics removed by peeling them off.  I commented about how it burned, and she looked at me as if I was being a pansy, and said "it always feels like that. if you don't like it, then don't get the gel polish". Are you KIDDING ME?! The reason it hurt, was because she didn't give a flying flip about me, and wanted to move on to her next client. She was upset that I wanted the gel to be redone to begin with.The group of nail techs all are really really chatty and loud, and a little obscene. The music was SO loud I could hardly hear the questions being asked of me. I will never go back here. The only bonus, was I was offered a complimentary glass of wine on my first visit.
3	I am wicked disappointed with 20 Lounge, and it sucks, because it could have been the beginning to a really great relationship for us.This past Friday me and the rest of my BFF's bridal party made our way to 20 Lounge to get a mani/pedi for the wedding. We had all purchased the Groupon deal and thought it was the perfect way to spend a day together relaxing before the rehearsal. The place is really cool and modern, the people are nice, they serve you wine... but all 5 of us we completely dissatisfied with the actual service. 4 of us went with french mani/pedi and the lines were uneven, the white tips were bumpy, and were chipping within hours. I found myself thinking that I could have given MYSELF a better manicure and it was $60!!I'm giving 20 Lounge 3 stars because I do like the environment and they take good care of you when you are there, but minus two stars for the crappy job they did on our nails and for being overpriced.Smiley Nails, I will never betray you and your $35 mani/pedi again!
1	Pedicure chairs extremely uncomfortable.No massage and no jetted water for the tootsies - it's a glass bowl.Manicure "Bar" area is also not comfortable: too wide, it's hard not to strain.1st visit entailed a really bad French manicure: I noticed the top UV protect coat was super thick and gooey.  Got home and it was all bubbled & the white tips had all had hairline cracks underneath.  Went back next day to show them & they agreed & quickly realised that batch was bad and did a re-do.Waited about 6 mos to go back. Hubby got mani/pedi but his results on his feet were not up to standards: still rough spots, and his hands had several picky skin areas around the cuticles.  He was not happy, which makes it more difficult to drag him to another MAN-icure in the future - sigh.I got a rockstar gel manicure & it was this thickest crap I've had.  (even the nail tech was not comfortable using the product at hand).  The Corporate Manager (?) called me due to my note of complaint, and offered a re-do as well as a brow wax (as I write this, their offer is still posted up top here on Yelp: FREE BROW WAX WITH MANI/PEDI).  The girl (esthetician) was not in the day of my treatment, so it was indicated to me I could book & come back another time.  Not so, said the very rude manager upon ck-out (hence my note to H.O. where they later honored the offer).I returned for the brow wax, and at the end, Miss Manners (Mngr) again gives me an attitude and asks me to pay.  I calmly indicate the above and that it was offered to me, yadda, yada. After over 10 minutes, finally she agrees that there is a notation of no charge!  (groan).  I then proceed to book my gel manicure RE-DO, and she insists my existing job is fine and I don't need it. I  said to her I desire an appointment and it was offered to me to correct the situation, so please book me.Well, I return, I get my gel mani re-done. I ask the technician if there was time to do my toes, yes, no problem.  So, now I know there will be a charge for my toes - no problem-o, of course!!  I get to the front desk - the charge?  Almost $100 !!!!  so I calmly say, I think there may be a bit of a mistake, blah, blah.  Miss Manners is summoned.  Well, the worst "mother-of-all" attitude assaults me.  I told her to please not treat me like this and that this was unacceptable and that she should cease the path she was pursuing -nothing happening.  She continued her verbal onslaught of vicious abuse to me and the supposed trouble I have caused in all the past (Like this is all my fault??? The cracked white tips?  Thick nails? Their ad for free brow wax then retracted?  okaaaay )  Since 3 new customers had entered behind me, and due to her escalating high voice, I simply, but very firmly (and in a very professional & mature manner) looked at her and told her to have the original Corporate Manager to contact me immediately as I would not deal with her, whereupon she yelled at out to me not to dare leave the shop without paying.  (Like that was real professional, considering it was me who kept the cool and not the actual shop "manager" ?  like where did they get this person from?  Do they want her to run them into the ground?  So it would seem!  She's doing a top-notch job in THAT direction, btw)I would never go back, and never recommend this concept to anyone.  You absolutely do not get what you pay for.  A mani/pedi here is in no way worth $60 at all.  The experience is not comfy, and the unprofessionalism displayed by not just the so-called chick in charge, but also her counter-part, who also chimed in with trying to talk me out of what was already confirmed with me by their superior.  I mean, seriously??!! Who needs this?
4	You HAVE to go see Brittany Rea at 20 Lounge! She is my go-to girl for fab nails. It is such a cute boutique-esque salon with a chic mani bar, and comfy pedicure thrones. They also offer complimentary champagne during your services! Mama loves her bubbly, but I usually opt for the yummy passion fruit iced tea that Wildflower Bread Co. has next door :)My first service here was a gold rockstar gel mani, which was "so so." The tech was sweet, precise, and fabulous, but it just wasn't as SPARKLY as glitter gels that I've had at other places! I was happy to get 20% off of my service for being a new customer.Last week I made an appointment with Brittany and got the new Shellac polish! I am officially obsessed... I got "Romantique" which is a super light pink/tan looking color & it looks GORGEOUS! I was a bit apprehensive to see how it would hold up, because it's not as thick as gel polish so I thought it might chip, but it still looks fresh after 7+ days! Love, love, love it. I will definitely be back!
2	I went in to get a shellac manicure just this past Monday. I was accidentally double charged, but the manager - Angie - returned my call today and was very apologetic and professional, which I appreciated, and is working to resolve the issue.
1	I came here with P for pedicures, we had the Groupon so we thought we would incorporate it into our happy hour.  The place is shiny and beautiful and unlike some other yelpers, I found the pedicure chair comfortable but the paraffin dip burned both of us and I'm someone who likes things very hot.  When we both complained and jumped when they put the hot wax on our feet, they only rolled their eyes.  Additionally, both of our polish started chipping a day or two later.  I expect a much longer wear than that.  Even with a Groupon, I wouldn't go back.  Burned feet and chipped polish aren't worth any deal.
1	Okay I was so excited to have ladies night here and have never been more disappointed. We purchased packages of pedicure, paraffin dip and glass of wine...perfect right? No! Sure the place is beautiful but the pedicure was not. The foot and leg massage was weak, the paint job they did was sloppy and oh they forgot to mention they don't have a liquor license so the police shut them down from serving. Um, ok? Thanks for nothing. We will never be back.
4	Don't judge a man by the types of businesses he frequents. Judge a man by his cleanliness and his grooming habits. Today, I felt gross, so I decided to go and get my hands cleaned up. I went and got a MANicure. I was in the area, and needed a good place, so I hopped on my iPhone and got onto Yelp (shoutout to one of my favorite apps) and found this local spot.As soon as I walked in, I was greeted by a very friendly person. Then I was prompty seated at the nail bar, where I bet Brittany (sp?) who was my esthetician for the afternoon. Totally a cool chick. Very friendly. Pretty cute too. They have TV's in the background...they had on a Jason Mraz concert, then some cool Weezer music videos. Awesome sauce. Extra awesome.Brittany made for some fun conversation and it wasn't awkward shootin the breeze with someone I had never met before. Maybe it's because I rock like that. She made sure to take care of my horrible hands with great detail and care. The instruments she used were clearly sanitized and baked in the sanitizing oven like at the dentist's office. We both put on high grade hand sanitizer before she went to work. I was also treated to a paraffin treatment and a very handsome hand massage. Very relaxing. I was treated with a classy glass of cucumber water in a fancy wine glass. I felt special. Probably because I am.After tip, I spent $30 for my MANicure. A little more than I would spend than going to the usual Korean or Vietnamese place, but it's definitely worth the money. You are treated like a lord here. I'm definitely coming back.Oh yeah...they wax too! I wish I had known this beforehand. Peace.
5	I received great waxing service at 20 lounge!  The esthetician was gentle, considerate, and even gave free skin advice.  I paid only $35 for an extended bikini wax, which is totally cheap, yet they used very nice high quality products and both hard and soft wax.  Oh, well, I guess that means a bigger tip for the esthetician!BTW: their nail parlor looked really snazzy, very neat, and even with a bar for drinks and snacks.  Looked like a good place to pass the time with a friend.
5	Absolutely love this nail bar! Front desk receptionist Oliver was so nice to me, offered me something to drink and was very helpful when I was asking about products. So neat and clean inside too!
2	Suzie is fantastic but they need a little help staying on track and on time here!  My appointment started 25 minutes late after I was told she would be with me in 3-5 minutes!  I expect the front desk to do a better job of managing my expectations and if things go awry, then offer me a discount on my service or something!  Don't act like it just "happens."  People have schedules and places to be and this is why we MAKE APPOINTMENTS!I am sorely disappointed, but will give them one more try.  I think they may need a new captain running the ship.
5	I went to 20lounge with my girlfriend this last Saturday. To be honest, after the last nail salon I went to, I was a little nervous. We made reservations online, which I thought was really awesome! BIG PLUS, because when I'm at work, the last thing I have time for is a phone call, but sometimes I can sneak in some internet time if I decide to take a few minutes for a break. We already had drinks from Starbucks, but they still asked if we wanted anything, which I thought was very courteous. I used the bathroom and it looks immaculate.Linda did my manicure, while my friend had a pedicure. All the gals spoke and understood english, Linda was AMAZING, and gave me the french manicure of my dreams! I never like doing a plain clear/white manicure, and she seemed to also like that I wanted to do something different. She was very delicate with my hands, and talkative, but not afraid to let there be some silence as well. Aftwards she let me go sit next to my friend while her pedicure finished, and came by to check my nails as well. There was none of the Scottsdale snobbery, but all of the pampering! Everyone was incredibly pleasant and welcoming, I wish I could go back EVERY weekend!They've made a lifetime customer with me! My only regret was ONLY getting a manicure and not getting a pedicure as well, but I will next time!
4	This is the only nail salon I go to and I love booking my appointments online- less hassle.I'm also a fan of Alla, who I regularly book my pedicures with. She is friendly, makes great conversation, is extremely professional and courteous. The rest of the staff is the same way.But the best part about this place is that the salon is CLEAN. I have never had to question or point out a practice that I felt was unsanitary (and I have called out other nail salons before on this), so I can relax and enjoy the little free time that I have.
4	You've got to love a beauty salon that serves you wine while you're getting yourself did up. That's why I definitely appreciate 20 Lounge in the Scottsdale Seville plaza, since they recognize how a libation can make the salon experience that much more relaxing. There are many other neat touches to the salon experience here, as well.I love the flat screen televisions displaying pop music hits. I never get to watch MTV in the early mornings when the channel plays music videos, so it's nice to be able to catch up on the music world while you're getting your nails done. And unlike some salons that show television programs or movies, 20 Lounge's choice to display music videos means more people will be happy with what they're looking at.I was really impressed by the friendliness of the staff both times I've been. They are so accommodating, and my nail technician was a great conversationalist. She also expressed a genuine interest in the health of my nails, which I really appreciated.I got a manicure and pedicure (manicures start at $20, pedicures at $30) at 20 Lounge (they also offer facials and waxing), and I absolutely loved the warm towel on my neck as I was getting my manicure-ultra-soothing! I thought the atmosphere, with a white and light teal color scheme, was really pretty, and the whole experience felt luxe and classy.20 Lounge has a really cool membership program that gives members service discounts and retail perks for $30 a month. For more info on the salon, go to www.20lounge.com.
5	I've been to 20 Lounge a few times now, and I am officially hooked. They do shellac manicures, and the price is very comparable to other salons. Ashley did my nails the first time, and I have been requesting her ever since because she does a great job. She is very good at nail art, too!Another thing I love about this place is that you can have champagne or wine while you wait for your appointment and while you are getting your service done. I think this adds a special touch to my appointment, and it helps make me feel even more relaxed and like a valued customer!20 Lounge does a membership program where you can have $40 automatically taken from your account on the 1st of each month, but that $40 goes towards services at the salon. If you get the membership, you can get free upgrades (like glitter or nail art), member specials, discounts on products, etc. I signed up for a membership at my last appointment, and I think it will be well worth it!I plan on getting a pedicure and maybe a facial one of the next times I am at 20 Lounge. I will report back...
1	Go to Sundrops on 40th and Camelback, much nicer atmosphere and competenent staff.  The amenities are poor here.  You are putting your feet in a plain glass bowl (no jets), and it is extremely hard to balance your feet on the technician's knee as chair is low to ground so my legs were shaking as I tried to hold them up.  Treatment was poor, technician didn't slough my heels, or do anything of that nature, and it was still expensive.  The staff is incredibly rude.  They will not apologize for anything, period.  We stood and waited for about 20 minutes to pay our bill.  When they were finally ready, there was no apology and they chanted their mantra "hey things happen."  The blonde woman at the front said this and it was incredibly rude.  We then paid and they stood their silently and took the money and didn't say thank you or goodbye or anything else so we just walked away silently.  It was the extremely bizarre to say the least.  We live right down the street but will never go back!
4	Love this place and wish I would have found it sooner!  The staff here is great.  I look forward to every-other Sunday because I can go in and relax and have a good time chatting with the nail techs.  It is very clean, bright, and a very welcoming environment.  I would highly recommend Amanda and Ashley for gel manis and pedis.
5	The fact that 20 Lounge has only 3 stars, blows my mind. Perhaps it was that pesky Groupon they thought they should do which ended up just mucking up their Yelp reviews. Or maybe nobody gave them enough time to get some great nail techs and get settled in after opening their first store. If you haven't been back lately, I encourage you to give them another chance.Sure, we almost broke up once about 3 years ago. I had been seeing a girl I loved - Brittany - then she left and went to open the Cardiff location. I felt lost, even went to Cardiff once while in San Diego to get my nails done by her again. Finally, I found a great replacement. Then SHE left and I was stuck with someone I didn't know. It was the worst manicure I had ever gotten and I called to cancel my 20 Lounge membership.I got a call back from the manager Debbie. I was a shellac fiend. She convinced me to come in and see her and let her give me a replacement gel manicure. I surely wasn't going to survive without redoing the manicure immediately so I gave her one last shot.I've found my new love. I've been seeing Debbie now for almost 2 years and I absolutely ADORE her. She does the most amazing gel and it lasts me 3-4 weeks. She knows when I travel we need to go shorter in length, summer is French, and winter she surprises me with fun colors or glitter fades. Plus, she's a blast to talk to and I want to talk to her!!! She's positive, beautiful inside and out, and it's like therapy and a mani/pedi all in one!The place is so clean. It's beautiful. It's priced appropriately. There are no "FUMES" like the ones you take in while sitting at those other nail salons. You know which ones I am talking about...Let's talk pedicures. Sure it's a little different and awkward to stick your feet in a bowl vs. the massage chairs with bubbling hot water... BUT... my argument on this is that at least they aren't using a dremel to remove the gel and ruining your nail!!!! And there is no way they are going to recommend you need an eyebrow wax while you're trying to relax (HELLO!)I'll end by saying this: If you purchased a Groupon and live in Glendale, don't bother. However, if you are in the Scottsdale or surrounding area and haven't been back for a few years - maybe you'll give them another chance. I did!
4	Their selection of glitter gel polish is more than I've seen anywhere.  The gel pedicure lasts for 3 weeks, at least.  The staff is always courteous & helpful.  Have a glass of complimentary wine, relax & enjoy the music!
5	Allah is awesome!!
5	My friend and I wanted to take in some relaxation time and get pedicures on a Sunday afternoon,  we called and explained that prior to calling to get an appointment with them we had gone to another local shop , where we received poor customer service and decided to leave and give 20 lounge a try. Upon arrival I noticed how clean the nail bar was when i walked in. The staff was very friendly and professional. While waiting i noticed how the staff interacted with clients and could tell , their clients are repeat clients. Our wait time was very minimal. They offer a wide variety of services , and offered me a complimentary touch of glitter added to my nail polish . We both got pedicures and my nail tech was so nice and took her time during the massage ;) it was a relaxing atmosphere .  The nail tech was very kind and patient with making sure i was comfortable , due to the fact that i have an injured leg.  Saving the best for last , i'm with my best friend and they topped it off with a nice glass of wine.  Who could ask for more.  Great place and wonderful stress reliever.
5	I was tasked with scheduling pedicures for 9 as part of a bachelorette party.  I called multiple salons in Scottsdale, Tempe and Chandler.  The staff at 20 Lounge was by far the most friendly and helpful.  The experience in the salon did not disappoint.  Everyone was super friendly and they accommodated our big group.  Most importantly all of the girls enjoyed pedicures and drinks!One note: there is an 800 number on their website - that is only for their Cardiff, CA location.  The number for the Scottsdale, AZ location is (480) 699-8900.
5	Loved every second! Everyone was friendly.I went in for an OPI gel manicure and was pretty nervous at first. My nails never hold a (gel) manicure, I've had them done at big name salons, and the second I leave the chair, the manicure is half gone and chipped away. Such a disappointment, because I love manicures, pedicures, etc. I saw Tessa, who is the best, and LOVE what she did. It's so cute and fun, much like the salon. 20 lounge is very chic and relaxing, it's a great place for a mommy to escape!4 days later, my nails are still polished and looking fabulous! I can't wait to go back!
5	This place is GREAT for getting your nails done! I get Shellac done and won't go back to regular nail polish, because I would ALWAYS chip my nails.  Now, with Shellac I last two weeks easy without chipping.  The only reason I need to get them re-done is that my nails grow out. I love going in with my latest Pinterest Post I found and they do it! Yes, can make your nails look like the ones on Pinterest (No Pinterest Fails Here!)It has a fun atmosphere and vibe to it. It feels like you are hanging with your girlfriends & getting your nails done. All the staff is so friendly and does great work!  Bonus - they all speak English to the customers & each other.  Bonus - you can book Online, which is great because sometimes at work you just can't make a call like that. ;)Bonus - Coffee, Tea, Water, Wine or Champagne is offered to you! Bonus - No Snobby Scottsdale Attitude here!
3	Wanted to love this place!  The aesthetic was pleasant and drinks were offered which was very nice.  Here is where they fell short - chair without massage, bowl without jets, very very brief massage with no exfoliation.  There are up charges for these things but the base price is already more than the salon across the street which is equally as attractive and has much more to offer for the price.  You will likely have to park in the garage which means a longer walk in disposable flip flops if you do not arrive with the right shoes.  Finally, no free wi-fi.
4	I walked into 20 Lounge and was greeted by two smiling ladies one who took down my name and my service options. Once they knew that I was there for a manicure, I was asked to pick out my color and then directed to have a seat at the mani bar. Gwen was my manicurist and she was very personable she did exactly what I requested even down to my nail art. they offered me tea, coffee, wine, water or a mimosa while I was being serviced. The decor is nice and bright with warm touches and they have two nice sized flat screens playing music videos.My friends scheduled pedicures and I was impressed that they were actually done in low sitting chairs. I don't like the ones that are so high that you feel like you are climbing into them. So next time I will choose to have a pedicure. Lastly you can get a facial or have waxing done here. Overall this is a nice place for you to relax and treat yourself to some "Me Tine".
2	Went here for the first time with a gift certificate that I received for my birthday. The people at the front desk were so nice and got me green tea asi was directed to the manicure station. The girl doing my nails was nice and personable, but stopped a few times to talk to other employees in the middle of the service. I personally want my cuticles clipped and I like to see that they have taken the dry skin off. It's a pet peeve when they don't. Heads up, they don't clip the cuticle at all. After the manicure was done, while my nails looked pretty,it felt like I just had a polish change. Now on to the pedicure..pretty decor and comfy tufted chairs. ( in my opinion the atmosphere of this place is so much better then the service you are receiving.) no massage in chairs, no jets in the bowl, no cuticle remover put on my feet. They were soaked for maybe 30 seconds before she took maybe a few small cuticles off and trust me they needed a lot of work. Massage was great but lasted about 20 seconds per foot. And that is being generous. Paid extra for callus remover and still had dry feet when I left. When I went to check out the total was 60 dollars! Are you serious?! I will stick to my trusty nail salon any day over this over priced frou frou nail bar. Also if you want to indulge.. Go to DryBar and have a blowout next door...so much better.
2	I will never be coming here again and I wouldn't suggest it to anyone. And it's mostly because of the service I received from Debbie but overall the place seemed unorganized and tried to look cool inside but it lacks the relaxing experience you want from a salon. I was in the chair 15 mins for a pedi and was done. She went so fast and wasn't gentle. She rubbed my skin so raw with the filer on my big toe that when she applied the alcohol it stung so bad. Again, 10-15 mins and I was done. Their chairs have a modern look to them. But the water for your feet is in a secret compartment underneath. Because of this, there is no whirl pool affect and the water is put in with a pitcher and wasn't very warm.I paid for callus remover but didn't receive the service so they had to refund me the money. I should have said something but 5 mins into the pedi she was massaging my foot with lotion so it was a lost cause at that point. They also gave me water which had a floaty frozen inside the ice cube so I didn't drink it.My manicure wasn't any better. Cuticles weren't taken care of at all. She just cut, filed, and applied paint and was done. I was done with my mani and pedi before the girl next to me was done with her pedi.I know it was probably just a bad experience with Debbie but it just left me very disappointed in the end.
2	Terrible pedicure. My heels and feet are still stained black from my shoes. The massage was short.  Polish job appears to be good. Overall it was a very disappointing experience. Staff was also unorganized for our group. 6 people booked with only 4 pedicure chairs available. I don't think I'll be back.
2	its a really clean and pretty salon, i stopped in for a pedicure spontaneously. paid $30+ tip for a pedicure but it wasn't worth the cost. didn't even get a sugar scrub or hot towel (you have to pay extra for that) the girl was nice but didn't make conversation and was kind of rough with the filing. won't go back.
5	I can't say enough how much I looooooove 20 Lounge! Not only is it super clean (I am a bit of a germaphobe) but it's a beautiful salon. The staff is warm and welcoming and Debbie does an amazing job on my nails each and every time. I am hooked and love going every 2 weeks for my mani. Pedicures are heavenly there as well. The icing on the cake is the fact that I can relax with a glass of wine while being pampered. I have been to many Scottsdale area nail places but 20 Lounge is the only place I go now.
5	I have now been to 20 Nail Lounge 4 times for both manis and pedis.  When you enter the salon you are greeted quickly and always with a smile.  The services provided are fantastic.  Deb has done my manicure twice, doing a complete set of gel nailes, and they are by far the best I have ever had done.  She is quick and efficient.  She is so professional and friendly.
5	I loved my experience at 20 Lounge. The person at the front desk was very friendly and helpful, the salon is very modern and clean, and my manicure and pedicure are maybe the best I've ever had. I loved that you can order a drink, a glass of wine and a mani/pedi is a great combination! I also loved that they show music videos that you can watch while you get your mani/pedi. I didn't get the name of the woman who did my mani/pedi but she was wonderful. Not only did she do a great job, but she wasn't too rough (I've had manis/pedis at other places that are almost painful because they are so aggressive, but not here). I will definitely be coming back!
4	I have a hard time finding free time for things like pedicures and other personal grooming.I discovered this 20 Lounge near my job takes appointments online. Awesome!!!It's the little things like that which sway me. I have a busy schedule, so if I can squeeze in a pedi, with an appointment that I can make without calling, it's a huge winner for me.Pretty nail salon-oversized chairs and you put your tootsies in a bowl, not a massage chair.It's different than your standard nail places..a higher end look and feel. Not better, just different.I got a great nail technician ( I think her name was Desiree). Nice massage though brief, and I added the sugar scrub and hot towel service (those little things are extra $ here).It was me and one other person (who was talking way too loud-there's one at every nail place right)?!Music and videos are playing on the screens and they offered me something to drink.A little more $$ than I like to spend, but it's great when I'm at work and can't get to my neighborhood salon.
1	This was the saddest mani/pedi I've ever received. It was as though the entire staff was just going through the motions but could have cared less whether you enjoyed it or not (no attention to detail and rushed). The callus remover was basically running a file over my heels for about 10 seconds (I paid extra for this?). The massage was anything but memorable. This was truly the worst nail salon experience I've ever had. In addition, I had a issue with my receipt or lack of receipt. I contacted the salon and was advised the manager was with a client. I stated that I really needed to speak with her ASAP and I would be waiting for her call. Guess what....I never received a return call. To be honest, not surprised at all. Overall just bad, bad, bad.
5	Sarah is amazing! Great customer service! Friendly establishment. It's nice they offer wine during your service. Love the shellac mani and pedi! They give great recommendations
4	I will admit, I am not a girly girl. I am low maintenance and haven't ever been that girl who got their nail's done on a regular basis. I hated, I mean HATED going to other nail salons where I couldn't frankly have a conversation with my technician and worse than that I hated all of the side conversations they had, and the constant up sell's. I dreamt of a place that wasn't pricey, did awesome nail art when I wanted, offered some good conversation if I wanted. I wanted kinda the dry bar of nail salons, and frankly that's what 20 nail lounge is!Ashley always kills it doing my nails, I always leave with something fun and cute, plus she is just the sweetest girl around. $20.00 for a basic mani, $35.00 for a gel and $5.00 for nail art. Easy and simple... Just the way I like it!
5	Been going here since they opened.  Clean place an easy to make reservations online.  Gwen is the BEST!!!
