2	Rollerz is one of those restaurants that I know is a chain, but I've never seen another one except in Tempe. The idea behind it is to take  American-style sandwiches and serve them as tortilla wraps, cold or grilled. In addition, they have healthier alternatives to most fast-food places with soups, salads, and smoothies.I don't know how truly healthy all these offerings are as the smoothies taste pretty thick to me, and my grilled Santa Fe Roller was covered in cheese. It wasn't bad, but as one might expect, the food here does taste manufactured as opposed to cooked. It's fairly bland, heavy on the cheese and sauce. Forgetting about the food, the smoothies may not be as healthy as Jamba Juice's, but they do taste good on a hot summer's day shopping on Mill. This small location only has a few seats, but it never appears to be crowded. I guess that may be why I've come in a couple times to find no one behind the counter. After waiting a while, I would just leave.
2	Wraps and Smoothies! There's a novel concept!!! **slams head into table**.   A so-so wrap with so-so customer service and no bathrooms.   With all the gitchy colors it looked like a set from the production of the 90s T.V. show "Parker Lewis Can't Lose."  Try again.
2	Rollerz is a bit gross. You can tell the chicken they use is "mechanically separated" (has anyone but me ever wondered what that means..?) Whatever, it tastes like it has been in a can for 5 years or so... Or maybe like one of those packs you buy for camping.. The kind you just twist and they self heat... Weird. The wraps are sprayed with some oil blend and put in a panini press... I've had a few, but none were good. Their salads also taste plastic.. I had a tomato and it tasted like it came from a plastic bowl of fruit sitting on top of my grandmas table for the last 10 years.. Weird. The smoothies are also made with some weird powder and some kind of manufactured fruit. The place is always dead, I'm amazed they are still in business....As bad as this review is I still crave the buffalo chicken wrap on occasion.. Something is wrong with me.
