4	I ended up scavenging for lunch a little later than usual today, and wanted something light, and that's when I saw the new yogurt place on Mill Ave offered smoothies. While the outside still looks temporary, I assure you the inside is filled with happiness and kindness. And yumminess.It didn't take long before an employee asked me if I had been there before, and explained to me how it works. The easy part most people get is that it works like most other fro-yo places in the area where you make your own concoction and pay by the weight. However, there's lots of organic yummy stuff too. Their smoothies use yogurt instead of milk from what I was told (which sounded heavenly). It looked like there were a ton of toppings to choose from and about 7 or so different flavors of fro-yo. Since I was on a smoothie mission though, I didn't take a great while to look at those in detail. I did notice on top of the toppings bar though, a sign that said they always have bananas and will slice one up for you upon request. BONUS!! BANANA BONUS!!I loved the smoothie options available, as they weren't all filled with strawberries and other things I am not a fan of. Why people want seeds all up in their smoothie is something I don't yet understand. So I ordered a pineapple banana smoothie (my two most favoritest fruits) with some protein and energy boost. While I waited I noticed that there were lots of great signs along their walls informing patrons of what separates them from other fro-yo places as well as lovely little sign on how to make your own fro-yo sundae if you are late to the game :). I also noticed they have a club card that is free where you accumulate points per purchase. One downfall is that there isn't much seating - probably about 10 or so high bar type chairs along the back wall, but I've never seen too many people ever sit and eat in one of these joints, so it may not be a complete deal breaker.It's a small but very cute and super friendly place and I really enjoyed the smoothie. I usually end up making my own because it's more convenient and I can get exactly what I want. But now I know, if push comes to shove, I can get exactly what I want here too.
5	My boyfriend works on Mill Ave right next to Red Mango. After about three times the owner and other employees began to recognize him and gave him a HUGE stack of buy one get one free coupons! After that he began bringing me the extra delicious smoothies. I finally got a chance to go in with him one day and the owner was inside and SO super friendly. My boyfriend gets protein inside his smoothies and apparently it makes the batch waaaay larger than they would normally make it. So as we are getting ready to leave the owner asks if we want the leftover part of the smoothie and just poured it for us like it was no big deal. This has never happened to me at any other smoothie place even when I watched them make the batch larger! This place gets 5 stars because the inside was immaculately clean and the staff incredibly awesome. They have a variety of smoothies and do it yourself yogurt and toppings. I will be coming back here whenever I want a smoothie and I encourage you to try it out, you will not be dissatisfied!!
2	I just wanted a smoothie so I went to Red Mango.  Great smoothies but the choices and options were limitless.  Quite honestly I felt very confused and overwhelmed by all the options. There is a self serve place and a full serve place and all kinds of crazyness.  I needed a Smoothie Concierge to steer me through all the options. Sadly all they had was some half stoned ASU student who could have cared less about being at work.
4	Kids loved it and I loved the smoothie option in addition to 'just frozen yogurt' for on the go!  Very polite staff and overall experience was great.  WIll be back!
5	This is the best frozen yogurt I have ever had. So many flavors and toppings to choose from, it's heaven. It's so cold and really cools you off after walking around Mill Ave. I was introduced to Red Mango while in Washington DC and absoloutely love it. I was ecstatic to find we had one in Tempe, AZ. Since I was craving Red Mango today, my friend and I headed over to Mill Ave to try the AZ version of Red Mango. Everything was great! Clean store, friendly staff and plentiful choices of toppings. However, the fruit pieces are WAY too big for your cup. Smaller pieces would be easier to eat and more joyful to have a small taste in more bites. Maybe they could work on that, but it was still great!
5	Today was the second time that I have gone to Red Mango and both times I was really satisfied with their products and their service. Their smoothies are wonderful! You can taste the fruit and not the sugar as you get in some other places. Their frozen yogurt is also great, my favorite is the pomegranate frozen yogurt, amazing!! Today I also tried their pumpkin yogurt which must be a seasonal flavor and  was also great, like frozen pumpkin pie.  This is definitely my new favorite frozen yogurt place.
5	strawberry-banana smoothie with energy booster = money in the bank.  I got one for my girlfriend right after she quit her job and it made her feel much better!Very clean, and a great looking selection of toppings for the frozen yogurt.  They had a coupon for a dollar off when I checked in with yelp also, very nice.
5	Delicious frozen yogurt. I had a coupon and tried like 5 different flavors with some almonds for a topping. It was awesome! Apparently it's not even bad for you so I didn't feel guilty afterward. Yum!
3	My mate & I saw this place on Groupon, so we went to try it, as frozen yogurt lovers. When we arrived we realised the coupon was no longer on groupon, but figured we were already here so why not. The staff member was very friendly but seemed to be trying pretty hard to sell it. Funnily enough, he was only really talking to my friend, and not to me. Unlike a lot of other frozen yogurt places, they don't have someone controlling and handing out the sampling cups, so sampling wasn't a weird awkward fumble of asking for more cups if you wanted to try something. All of their flavours taste like their base plain that has been altered, and their plain tastes really good. I tried all of them except for pumpkin, which makes enough sense given the context that I don't like pumpkin or pumpkin-flavoured things. The flavours I remember them having were coconut, dark chocolate, apple cider, pumpkin, pomegranate, and plain. All of the non-pumpkin ones were really, really good!I ended up getting their dark chocolate and coconut. I added Oreo and graham cracker dust. It was very tasty. I would be careful about adding anything too sweet to your mix if you don't like that complementary emphasis on how tart the plain normally is- it isn't as apparent until you put something in their like mango boba, a burst of sweetness in your mouth. I like the tanginess, and I think most frozen yogurt lovers do, but if you are looking for something more along the lines of an ice cream replacement, make sure you take samples and think it through- don't just jump in. Some people aren't prepared!All of their fruit is cut the morning of, apparently, and they will cut a banana for you if you want to put some banana in your yogurt. All of their yogurt is also gluten free, comparatively less calories than many other places, slightly more expensive than other places by ounce (40-some cents- where I'm from, prices stick around 30 cents), and they boast that their probiotics actually do something, and that other peoples' probiotics are useless. The only probiotics I know about are Yakult's, so I won't even feign having a proper perception of that from a frozen yogurt standpoint. None of their frozen yogurt flavours are dairy free.They don't have parking because they're in the strip of Mill off of fifth. Your best bets are street parking or the public parking on fifth. We went on a Sunday, so it was free parking. I don't know if that's normal. You may not see it driving by- we didn't, we were distracted by the presence of a Fatburger or something. There's a Starbucks on the same corner, in case that helps.
2	No. The frozen yogurt tasted like freezer burn. A girl working behind the counter had a cigarette (not lit) in her mouth and was texting. Gross. Go to Mojo
4	Great little fro-yo shop, its worth a try. If you're a fan of tart flavors, it seems that every option here has a little tart in it. I would even claim that it is one of the best tarts that I have had in the greater phoenix area. While I can't say it IS the best, since there are what seems to be hundreds of fro-yo shops around the valley, Ive been to most of them in the CenPho, NoPho and Tempe (near mill ave) area, as well as a few in and around scottsdale downtown and north scottsdale.I came by because of a coupon I found in the New Times magazine for a buy one get one free, I always love a two-fer. Makes it easier to bring along your favorite gal (or guy). I saw the coupon in the last few months (Feb/March/April) editions.If you're not a fan of tart, id swing by mojo yogurt just down the block from here. Mojo is a solid choice for fro-yo also.
5	Great flavors even though there aren't many to choose from! Fresh fruit is such an awesome feature as most places are def not and limited to the healthy choices of topping! I visit as often as I can!!
1	It is one of the worst yogurt place in Tempe. Their custome service probably ranks worst in Phoenix metro area. It is shame that i cannot give negatIve ratings to them. They straight face refuses to accept living social voucher.
1	Pumpkin Spice. Red Velvet Cake. Friggin NUTELLA. These are the flavors I love the most...if any other froyo joint made them. I have passed by this place many times with my girlfriend, and always meant to stop in due to the sign outside advertising the red velvet cake flavor (my favorite dessert). I finally stopped in the other day to try some. I got some of the red velvet cake and nutella, and my girlfriend got the pumpkin spice. The toppings are irrelevant, because those are standard fare among froyo stores and hard to screw up. Frozen yogurt, on the other hand, is apparently very easy to screw up. If you like their base flavor and are only adventurous enough to enjoy slight variations on it, go right ahead. But if you're expecting the flavor you get to, well, taste like the flavor you get, you're SOL. Pumpkin Spice tasted like the base flavor with a very slight hint of pumpkin. RVC tasted like the base flavor with a slight hint of cream cheese and chocolate. Nutella tasted like the base flavor with a slight hint of nutella. Due to my high hopes, their flavor could all be summed up as the flavor of sadness. I would recommend just about every other froyo joint than this one.
