4	This small family-owned restaurant opened about 6 months ago and being the bbq fan that I am, I had to try it.  I really love baby back ribs and I was craving some good 'cue so my co-worker Kris and I decided to give it a try.The moment we walked in, we became inundated with the incredible aroma of BBQ.  The place is clean and has country style decorations up everywhere.  They even have a TV on the wall.  I ordered the 1/2 order of baby back ribs for $12.95 which comes with 2 sides.  You can choose from baked beans, coleslaw, potato salad, or mac and cheese.  I chose the later 2.  It also comes with corn bread w/ honey butter and shak fries.  Basically you get a ton of food for a great price.  You can even add a hot link to any of the shak dinners for an additional $3.  These ribs are fall-off-the-bone good.  I've been trying to find ribs like this forever.  They use a dry rub on their ribs instead of a wet mop and you can definitely taste the smokiness infused in the meat.  They have 2 or 3 different kinds of sauce that are available in small cups for dipping.  They have and original blend, a spicy blend, and another I can't remember.  Both are really good.  The side dishes are great, but nothing I would write home about.My co-worker is a huge brisket fan and being that she is from Texas, is very picky about her bbq.
4	I've been coming here since this place opened. I most recently ate here 4 days ago. I have tried plenty of things on the menu. Let the list begin.-Beef Brisket- Very tender great smokey flavor. -Baby Back Ribs- Served with a dry rub full of flavor and pulls right off the bone.-Pulled Pork Sandwich- Piled high on a Huge bun topped with coleslaw, served with fries and 1 rib. $6.25 ( Killer Deal ) I personally love there pulled pork sauce. I don't know how to describe it except for I would drink it with a straw.-Whole Rotisserie Chicken- I love the rub. Very moist and tender even the white meat. I of course top it with the pulled pork sauce. -Homemade Chili w/ Brisket- The first couple times I had it I liked it better. The last time I had it, it was all meat no beans and kinda greasy. I will give it another try though.-Corn Bread w/ cinnamon honey butter-WOW that's it. -Red Velvet Cake- Can I get another.... WOW!!!!!!I have not tried the Catfish yet but I will update when I do. Please check this place out...support local BBQ.
3	Part of my,  "westside BBQ tour"  I hit 4 bbq places for lunch yesterday .  i did take out on all 4, it took less than an hour to visit all 4 and make it home.1st stop BBQ Shak ( closest to my house ) - surprised to see that this place was open a year .  if not for cameron's recent review, i would never had heard of it.  Nice simple looking restaurant.1/2 pound of brisket ( $9)  1/2 pound of pulled pork ( $7)The brisket - are you sure it's BBQ and not baked ?  little to no smoke ring,  very juicy but also quite a bit of fat .  flavor is decent.  my guess, needed to cook longer.  The pulled pork - very chunky, sweet vinegar sauce - didn't work for me.side note - the desserts in the display looked awesome ! ( look, don't taste fatty ! )  will try again when i can eat a few carbs.
4	So are you tired of what passes for BBQ on the Strip? Do you like a dry rub on your BBQ? If so and you're around south west (Blue Diamond) Vegas it may be worth it for you to stop by this family owned BBQ joint. I've only had the baby backs ribs but that's how I measure BBQ. They use a dry rub and ready the meat on order, so phone ahead and make sure you choose your sauces on the side. As far as the plates the fries are forgettable and taste like they are frozen and bagged. The other sides items were tasty but they should offer larger portions.All in all this is much better then what you get on the strip. 4/5 is not bad :)
4	Grabbed a whole roasted chicken from here the other night for dinner. Once again I loved it. Only $1.50 more than the ones at the grocery store and so much bigger and better. I love the sauce at this place. Also I don't know of another place that has huge slices of Red Velvet cake for sale. Oh it's soooo good.
2	Food was just ok...and I might just be very picky when it comes to BBQ.  I might try it one more time...but as of right now...I'll probably not bother.  Also...they are using part of the dining area as an office.  a very messy/cluttered office.  Sends me the idea that they might not be that organized in the kitchen?
