4	Really enjoyed the massage, but wish they had a hot tub. Got a good  deal on travel zoo. Atmosphere is very relaxing.
4	Excellent spa! Relaxing, fresh fruit. Clean! Enjoy my day of spa treatments, it's the typical spa, nothing really stood out to me, but very nice to come and relax.
3	Came with my three girlfriends for a much needed relax day. Those two got the facial and massage....both said they loved their masseuse and the products were wonderful. However, they said the massage and facials were only "okay" for the price. I just used the facilities and did not get any services. The sauna is very nice (changing colors!) and showers are comfortable. I love the ready-to-brush toothbrushes and the little other trinkets they put out...but where are the combs?What really disappointed me was the fitness center. Way smaller compared to the other hotels' and some machines were not adjustable when they should be. No room to place the mats and do abs/pilates, which was a bummer. View of the pool is nice though, and they have top of the line ellipticals.
3	This comment is for the fitness portion of the spa. It is apparently open from 6am to 7pm. Since it is tied to the spa portion, the hours are quite limited. I wish that the fitness area were open 24 hours like the remainder of the property.The cardio equipment was fairly brand new. There were quite a few machines to accommodate the guests staying at the Tropicana. However, the thing I found disappointing was the lack of machines to lift weights and the small facility dedicated for fitness. At least there is a nice view of the pool. I think you can get your basic workout here, but other than that, this fitness center will be lacking many of the amenities you would normally find at a regular gym. With the resort fee that you are paying for, the hotel should offer a better facility for fitness.
3	I think it is more of a 2.5 stars. Came with girlfriend exactly on time but need to fill out form and change into slipper and robe therefore, our time got cut short into our massage and other treatments. Which is our fault. That being said do come 30 mins prior to appt.The place for the price is definitely not worth it. It is ok but i would not pay regular price to get into this spa (went only because got deal thru travelzoo). It is clean there is fruits and juice and water and tea but i didnt see any candies they were advertising or they were hiding it somewhere. No pool, no jacuzzi, only one sauna room and the lounge share by male n female were very small (kind of odd cus i thought male and female lounge are separate) But not many clients so it is pretty peaceful. Then again there is not much amenity to use so perhaps it is empty for a reason. Did not check out fitness center.Received a massage, a body scrub and scalp treatment ... Mine was decent i did enjoy it. But it didn't feel like it lasted thru the next day. Mine friend did not like her massage treatment tho. It was too short and felt rush and the room was very cold, it wasn't that great she said. We both hate the music in the back ground... it is a spa not a bar. Ehh i want to hear tranquility and feel relax ... Hate the music. Also, please dim the light once therapy begin cus it is too bright in the room ... The little thing does matter you can get the best massuse but if temp is too cold, bad music and too bright it just ruin the mood and everything. I really don't understand why it is call 'tip' if u are REQUIRE to pay a 20% of the total amount. So for a 250$ treatment u must pay 50$ tip regardless of how the treatment went. I really think that is lame. The tip should reflect on service you received. Anyway, i think to be reasonable tip sld be 15% and client can gave more if they wish. Lame! i don't think I will be going back ...
4	very relaxing,friendly staff, fun sauna with the changing colors, and my massage was AMAZING.. if you go request Andrew
4	On a recent trip to Las Vegas, my boyfriend and I stayed at Tropicana and booked a couples massage at Glow. Upon entering we were met with a bright, clean spa and led to the back by our two massage therapists. The relaxation lounge was beautiful and warm, I couldn't wait to change and lie down on one of the day beds. I was shown to a locker with a clean and cozy bathrobe to change into, and was also given a pair of comfortable flip flops. The changing rooms had everything you needed, such as hair dryers, curling irons, straighteners, lotion, etc. Once I headed into the lounge to meet my boyfriend, I was slightly disappointed that there was only coffee and water, but no tea. However, I was glad for a glass of cold water and settled in to relax. Shortly after, our therapists greeted us and walked us to the very cozy treatment room, where we received wonderful massages. Once the massage was over, we headed back into the changing rooms and I relaxed in the amazing sauna. The changing lights and music gave the sauna a great ambiance, helped by the fact I was the only one in there!! I thoroughly enjoyed it and didn't want to get out! Once I did, though, I got into the most wonderful rain shower with multiple heads for more relaxing! I also loved the little toothbrushes and combs they provide in the bathroom. Although some reviewers pointed out they didn't like the automatic 20% gratuity added to their bill, I found it rather convenient since that's what I typically tip at spas. This spa is gorgeous for the price point, I also got a peek of the fitness room, it looked clean and well equipped. We wished that we had opted for more services after seeing the pedicure and manicure area! I will definitely return next time I'm looking for a great, affordable spa experience in Las Vegas.
3	Were it not for the lack of ammenities, this place would get 4 stars.  I had an amazing deep tissue massage, maybe the best massage I have ever had and the staff was very welcoming.  I also thought it was pretty fantastic that the spa was playing actual music instead of that weird chanting or instrumental stuff that most spas seem to favor.  Some of my friends experienced an issue with there only being one manicurist working.  2 friends had to settle for a massage therapist doing their manicure and pedicure.  As she was a massage therapist, nails really weren't her thing and my friends were disappointed.  I got lucky and got the actual nail tech, so I have no complaints.  This place is very white.  White floors, white furniture.  Very clean and asthetically pleasing.  The refrigerator in the lounge where we spent a lot of time was nicely stocked with waters and fruit juices.  The ony downside to this otherwise great spa is -- as stated above -- the lack of amentities.  No dry sauna and no soaking pools.  Having said that, the amenities this facility does offer are nicely maintained and since this place is newly remodeled everything looks fresh and new.  I went with a travelzoo voucher, and even then, the prices weren't cheap.  Just be aware that, as with all strip location spas, you are going to pay top $$.
4	My fiance and I had the pedi-colada. It was great! My fiance loved it; he found it very relaxing and when his pedicurist(?) was done, he felt as if he was walking on air. Jackie R was hilarious and very fun. I didn't get a chance to check out the amenities, but I think my fiance said the facilities were pretty nice. It's obviously more than I would pay for a regular pedicure but it's Vegas!
2	For the price, this place is seriously below par. I had a 40-minute sugar scrub/massage, for around $140. The treatment itself was fine, and the therapist was personable and efficient. The room was relaxing and pleasant, though the music was more elevator-style adult contemporary than traditional Zenlike spa music. Kinda lame.The spa facilities are what really suck, though. If you want a massage, fine -- pay the $180 and get your treatment; then get the hell out. I can do a better spa day at my cheap-ass gym!!!There is no reason to loiter here. The "relaxation room" is bland, stocked with tea, apples and vapid Vegas magazines. The rest of the facility consists of a tiny locker room, teeny bathroom, and a steam room. That's it. If you want to soak in a whirlpool, you have to go OUT IN THE CASINO, down the hall, down the elevator, down another hall, and outdoors to the pool area. All this in your spa robe and slippers! And I visited in January -- WAY too cold to be walking outdoors in a wet robe!!I came with three girlfriends, and the place wasn't big enough for all of us. There are only two showers, and one was broken...so we had to take turns. The vanity area in the locker room was tiny, and one of the blow dryers was broken, so most of us just went up to our rooms to get ready. Keep this in mind if you're planning a spa day for your bridal party or something like that -- this place is only big enough to accommodate 2 guests at a time. Besides which, it sucks.If I'm paying $140 for a massage, I want a fancy experience, dammit! Otherwise I'd just go to Massage Envy.
4	We had a package from Book It.com that gave us 20% off spa services. The first day I went I was in a bit of a rush and had my eyebrows done and she did a fabulous job. Since I was getting a discount anyways I just added more to the tip for her. Then the following day my fiance' and I had a side by side couples massage. It was good and we really needed it. The spa is really small, but private. They provide lockers, showers and a separate steam room for men and women.
3	Glow Spa is at the Tropicana Hotel. If you're looking for a luxurious day spa where you can lounge and take advantage of a variety of amenities aside from getting a treatment, then DO NOT come here.  If you're the type of person who likes to be in and out with their treatments and don't mind the sparse amenities or don't even use the amenities, then by all means check this place out. Like other Yelpers have mentioned, this place is super small.  The room I had my massage in was the same size as both the locker room and amenities area combined. I came here with fellow Yelper Ingrid R. After checking in, we were given a quick tour of the relaxation room; locker room; and amenities area.  It was just the 2 of us in the locker room which had about 30+ lockers, BUT the space could only hold 5 people max, it was that small. The room next door had the steam room and 2 showers (1 of which was broken). A wave of disappointment hit me as I saw the sparse amenities. I was nervous about how my treatment would turn out.We went to the relaxation room and waited to be called. My favorite part of the spa is the relaxation room. The room is painted and decorated in calm neutral colors. The soothing sound of trickling water from a mini fountain adds to the calm environment. There are individual lounges each separated by a hanging white cloth.  As for amenities there were  "Vegas" magazines for reading, chilled water, and hot black tea (an odd choice of tea for a spa).  I assumed this area was for women only until I saw a man walk in and plop himself down on the lounge beds *$&@! THANK GOD I DIDN'T DISROBE WHILE RELAXING...it would've been nice had we been informed, during the tour, that the relaxation room was co-ed.The treatment I chose was "Glow from Top to Toe" (50 mini for $130): 25 minutes of a foot and ankle massage and 25 minutes of a scalp, shoulder, arm and hand massage. While being massaged, both my hands and feet were popped into a pair of hot paraffin mitts/booties.  Sounds amazing right?!  And it was :) My masseuse was surprisingly good, although at times she was a bit too chatty for me and when she wasn't chatting, the background music was that of radio type music instead of 'spa' music (again an odd choice for a spa).  I loooooved the scalp massage, I could've had that done for the entire session. The rest of my massage was better than I had anticipated.  As for the hot paraffin, they were HOT to the point where I was debating if I should say anthing, but since I have a high threshold for pain I figured it'd cool down gradually to a nice and warm sensation which eventually happened.  I'm still not sure if i'd come back just because I like spas that have a variety of amenities to use and encourage you to stay the entire day.
2	Massage over priced nothing special. Manicure, Haircut Awesome. Quote from Masseuse.  Me "So how's your day?" Masseuse "oh another day another dollar". Not very professional. I work hard for my $, at least he can try to fake it. My girlfriend was sore for a week after the massage. What a waste of $.
4	Great spa!  Very relaxing!  I had an amazing enzyme facial one day and a seaweed body wrap/massage another day.  Both services were great and the staff was very professional.  I highly recommend both services.
3	I only used the gym and the equipment was fine for a quick workout.  The cardio equipment overlooks a nice pool.  Limited free weights but you can be creative.
1	I showed up 15 minutes early to my massage. They told me that the baby was running a bit behind but didn't inform me that it was 50 minutes behind. I had things to do during the day and by the time they came to me I would only have 20 minutes of the massage that was originally scheduled for a 50 minute long session. The therapist asked me if I had any special area of my body that needed attention. How can I relax now when I'm being a rush treatment. I didn't have time for my massage so I packed up my stuff and walk to the counter they told me that they would waive my cancellation fee because I didn't have the session but they didn't offer me any type of reimbursement all they said is they reschedule it. So I would have to pay for another massage at another time.
