5	God's Garden Treasure is the ultimate in flower design!  Unique, one-of-a-kind arrangements.  They listen to what you have to say, what you are looing for, and like magic come up with something breathtaking.  Do yourself a favor and order flowers from here the next time you need them.  You won't be disappointed!
5	I needed something special to commemorate my parents' 30th anniversary. Karin and her team are awesome and I would definitely recommend them to anyone who is looking for a florist in Tempe or the surrounding area. I found God's Garden Treasures online through a Google search and after seeing tons of great reviews all over the place I knew I would be able to trust them. They do a lot of weddings and events, so I figured if they can handle bridezilla's and event planners, my floral arrangement would be a breeze. Karin called me to get details of my parents event and learn a little bit more about my preferences for the arrangement and the theme and everything. I'm a guy and like most, don't have any idea what type of flowers or colors or anything is supposed to work for what occasion. With the limited information that I gave Karin, they came up with an awesome floral arrangement with Hawaiian themed flowers like I requested and even added some cute sea shells. My mom LOVED it and even used it as part of the wedding vow renewal ceremony. Couldn't have asked for anything more!
5	I have nothing but positive things to say about this company. Let me start by saying that this is the first review that I have been motivated to give because of the goodness of Karin that shown through our conversations. She was the kindest, most flexible, charismatic, and personable person that I have ever encountered in a business setting.. I initially gave her the wrong address information and instead of cancelling the order she not only helped me find the right address but she was patient enough to be both understanding and caring.This is far beyond what any company I have encountered has ever done. I recommend this company not only for their expertise, but for their integrity and pride in their business.To anyone seeking a florist, I would highly recommend God's Garden Treasures. They will treat you like family and provide top notch service that I have yet to see matched.Thank you Karin and to all of the other amazing employees who are a part of this business.Chelsea
2	I thought this sounded like a good shop from the reviews.  I selected a fairly expensive floral arrangement for my sister-in-law's 60th birthday through their website.  When my sister-in-law received the flowers on her birthday, I became curious about what she had received because her description sounded nothing like what I had ordered.   I asked for a picture and was shocked to see that she had received an arrangement that was $100 less than what I had paid for.  I called the store and very nicely explained that there was obvoiusly some kind of mistake made.  The owner (I believe) was very apologetic and offered to send the correct one the next day, which she did.  I would have given more stars as I realize honest mistakes can happen, but when they asked my sister-in-law to return the original flowers, I was shocked and so was she.  I was never offered any credit for the flowers not being delivered on the correct day and feel at the very least, she should have been able to keep both arrangements.  In my opinion this was poor customer service
1	I've heard about this place from others and through rave online reviews so I thought that they  might be able to help me. maybe the reviews were from their friends/family or people whom were spending hundreds if not thousands of dollars so there was more motivation behind the service. Whatever the case is, I was denied service. I asked for a mini crown made out of inexpensive flowers for my niece's birthday and because I'm a disabled vet and not able to use my right hand for something of this sort. With a name like God's garden treasures they should live the word instead of using it as a marketable business tool. Save your hard earned ca$h and go to the floral shop in the SW corner of Southern and 48th street where the jack in the box is located. I ended up getting my crown and they earned a customer for life.
4	I have changed my rating based on the owner Karin's response.  After my review, she reached out to both me and the person who sent the flowers.  She was very apologetic and ended up sending me a new arrangement along with some chocolate covered strawberries.  The flowers are once again beautiful and I'm happy to say still looking good after a few days.Mistakes or problems will happen in any business.  It's how you deal with them that matters.  Karin did a great job, and both arrangements were beautiful.My flowers were sent 2 days before Valentine's day, so not n the big crunch day. My experience with them started out badly when the flowers were not addressed to me, but to the person who sent them to me. Since they went to my work, it is only by luck I even received them. The arrangement was beautiful, with a combination of roses and tulips.  However, the flowers started dying the very next day, and today, 2 days later, only the tulips still look good.  Yes, I had water in the vase, no the temperature in my office was not extreme.The shame is that someone spent good money to send me beautiful flowers and instead, by today, Valentine's Day, I have a wilted bouquet.
5	I ordered corsages for my son's girlfriend and our housing student's girlfriend for prom from God's Garden Treasures. It was an amazing experience. Karin had me look at some pictures, but then she asked me questions about the girls' dresses and their personalities. She really wanted to make them special and unique, just for them. The boys were very proud to give the flowers to the girls. You can tell how much Karin enjoys what she does! Thank you SO much!
5	I have been coming to God's Garden since I have moved to AZ. They have great customer service, and the flowers are beautiful. I ordered rose for my friends graduation and Karin helps me pick the flowers and wrap it in a vase. The result was great and my friend just love it. Thank you so much and I seriously will come back.
4	Consistently warm and helpful staff (I've talked to half a dozen of them over the past few years, and they are all lovely clean, elegant, modern design; flowers to choose from that are not the usual run-of-the-mill, and so fresh they last absurdly long FAST service. Reliably great, year after year. Cannot ask for more.
5	I've been using Karin and GGT since 2008, and they always do a great job.  These guys helped me get engaged, married, and now each anniversary!  They always create a custom look for my wife, work with me on price, and do same-day delivery.
