5	Excited that they opened a Ghirardelli store back in Vegas again. Came here on the weekend for 1 mission and that was to get their 50 pc ct of dark peppermint bark. I was a bit bummed that they didn't have the sale price like the online store did but oh well. I definitely want to come back and try their dessert. As for the location, it really sucks if you park at The Quad or Flamingo. Next time I come back, I would probably park at Mirage or Caesars palace and walk across. Saves you from spending more than half an hour trying to find a space like I did.
4	Verdict: Delicious, but pricey for what it is.A few months ago, my boyfriend visited San Francisco...and brought me back a menu from the Ghiradellis there...making me feel ridiculously hungry and jealous. So when I found out one was opening in Vegas, I was super excited.I had an espresso escape sundae. I would consider sharing a sundae if you're going to get one. It's a lot of ice cream. I love their dark chocolate hot fudge. Delicious! I'm a sucker for chocolate. Though it was a good quality and quantity sundae, I still think almost $10 for a sundae is a bit much for me.They have a lot of sundaes you can choose from, and lots of drinks as well. There's even a family sized banana split on the menu. They also sell their chocolate and chocolate products there. You can mix and match your own chocolate pieces.I think this could be a great place for a date or a family outing.Don't park at the Quad. Their lot is small and crowded. It's much easier to park at Harrah's which is connected to the Quad - the Quad opens out to the Linq where the Ghiradelli is.
3	Having grown-up near the original Ghiradelli square in San Francisco, I knew that it wouldn't be the same experience going in. I love that they great you at the door with a free chocolate sample! I got to try the salted caramel chocolate square which was yummy and not something I would normally choose myself. My favorite chocolate there is the raspberry chocolate squares or seasonal peppermint chocolate bark. We went in for some late night ice cream and it was good despite the slight wait. The dessert/ ice cream prices are on the higher side but they do have a decent selection to choose from. The Linq location is great and would make a nice addition to a date night or pit stop when cruising the strip on a hot day. I'd definitely go back if I'm in the area again!
3	Sample chocolates at the door, awesome. Located across from Sprinkles, cool. The baristas going back and forth about how to make the Iced White Chocolate Latte that I ordered... not so cool. I would hope you should know how to make a simple coffee drink. Tasted okay, but needed a sweet caffeinated treat. I always like to know price points when reading these reviews.. so I paid $8.70 for a medium latte and a bottle of water.It was a quiet Tuesday afternoon, only 2 other people in the store, and it took a little while to make my coffee. But the lady at the door was very nice. The store offers a good variety with an 80-piece special. But I didn't buy any.
3	I had the Seacliff it was really good just that I had to literally dig my way to get to the cookie in it.
5	rich and delicious sundaes and banana  split.
5	They give you a free chocolate square when you walk in the store. The chocolates covered strawberries are huge and delicious. There's free wifi at the Linq.
5	Quick, easy, pleasant. Delicious!I love the brownies and they warm them for you. The chocolate shake is amazing also, very rich.The coffee isn't great, but you don't go for the coffee.
5	Omg sooo amazing!!! I know this is something really simple but my husband asked him for cup of water and he gave 2 cups of water for both of us!! I call that a perfect customer service. I'm so happy with Pjo John's service. Totally made my day!!!
5	Yes, yes yes. If I could live here, I would. I recommend the medium size bag that you can fill your own with a smorgasbord of flavor options. If you are watching your waistline, go for the mini chocolates because you can eat more of them and not feel guilty :)
4	I came to the Linq for something else, but saw the Ghirardelli Ice Cream & Chocolate Shop and decided to stop in. As soon as I got near the entrance, a friendly employee offered me a free Ghirardelli chocolate square, dark & sea salt caramel flavor. I took it and thanked them as I walked inside.There were plenty of chocolates everywhere, but that was not what caught my attention. There were a bunch of sundaes you could choose and my sweet tooth couldn't say no. I especially couldn't say no when, after I checked in on my Yelp app, there was an offer of $1 off any ice cream sundae. Done deal. I ordered a sea salt caramel sundae (Ocean Beach) and the employees were quick to get it made for me. Ocean Breeze is "vanilla ice cream smothered with creamy caramel, freshly homemade hot fudge and sea salt. Perfectly topped with whipped cream, creamy caramel, sea salt, and a Ghirardelli SQUARES Milk Chocolate."After I took a picture of it since it looked so good, I dipped my spoon into the ice cream and took a bite. It was just as yummy as it looked. Ghirardelli is a little pricey for my tastes, but I wouldn't mind coming back here every so often for a sundae. The free chocolate doesn't hurt any either.
4	TINY store!Located in the middle of the new Vegas shopping area "The Linq" is the famous San Francisco ice cream and CHOCOLATE shop.  They give out free samples of a selected chocolate, and you can stay for an ice cream or dessert.  The place isn't cheap, but they do have large size ice cream desserts like sundaes, floats, and such.
4	Love the sample chocolates and the servers and manager was super duper friendly.The sundaes are great to share, and at the price, I think sharing makes sense! It was   like $10 for one sundae, not cheap, but darn good!The only thing may be the small dining area, on a hot day can get filled up. Otherwise its clean, new and located in a great area in the Linq plaza.
5	This place is freakin' awesome!! It is located on the Linq. They have a retail shop that has quite a selection of chocolates. There is also a sundae bar where they make you amazing deserts.I don't know what the name of the sundae was, but it was the best sundae I have ever had. It was chocolate on top of chocolate with more chocolate. No joke. The best sundae I have ever had, so far. There were other selections I will be back to try after I go burn off all these calories.The server was very friendly. He actually made me the wrong sundae and ended up giving it to us at no charge along with our order. This was not a good day to be counting calories.The store is located in the Linq right across from the pizza shop. Definitely a must go if you enjoy ice cream, chocolate, carmel,...etc.
1	TOTALLY GONE DOWNHILL BIG TIME! Couldn't wait to get to Vegas so I could go to Ghirardelli. The only other one I know of is in San Fran. I don't know what the hell was going on and I should have said something to the employees but I didn't. My hot fudge sundae came in a plastic to go cup, not a pretty glass dish (I did not ask for it to go) and my hot fudge was not hot AT ALL. I felt like I was getting a pre-made sundae that  had been sitting in a fridge for a few hours. The fudge was ice cold and had already hardened up. I am pretty pissed off about it. I didn't eat the whole thing. The last time I went to Ghirardelli  in Vegas it was still at the Hawaiian Marketplace. It was excellent then. I don't know if this is the way it is now or if it was just a jerk off employee. BAD! BAD! BAD! Just so you know it was Sunday 06/22/14 around noon. So whoever was on staff that day needs to find a new job. Had to pay a cabby just to get there.
3	Their chocolate is top quality.Love their ice cream sundaes and their service.Huge selection and they constantly come up with new flavors.Free sample for coming in, nice touch.The prices are high, but they often offer specials and have great gifts to take back to friends and family.Great location in the Linq, super clean and spacious.
3	I love their 86% dark chocolate! Ice cream was average. The service was very friendly and the free samples of mini-chocolates was a generous and tasty touch.
5	Awesome as always! We got the new cookie sundae, very good! Great location!
1	So overpriced.  So ridiculous.  A candy bar over there is $4.59, and in the stores (like Walgreens, CVS, VONS, etc.) is half price or better.  Super inconvenient area; weird area between O'Sheas and the Flamingo; who knew you could put a whole overpriced  retail promenade in between the two!  They did (FACT) model it after the retail promenade in Downtown Disney proves that this is nothing but a rip off and forcing you to walk by tons of overpriced retail to get to the main attraction, the ferris wheel......
4	This is a great new location at the Linq on the Las Vegas Strip. If it was located in a more easier place to get to I would be gorging myself with chocolate yumminess more often! Although the price of a sundae may be near $10 it well worth a visit.
3	Nice wide layout, quite spacious while looking at the goodies.wished they had a few more table seating, considering this being a new area and all.Good chocolate, still prefer my Lindt.
5	Ghirardelli's has been one of my premium faves for a long time. The newly rebuilt location at the Las Vegas, NV LINQ is Excellent!
5	Perfect location in the LINQ shopping area. The ice cream is always fabulous and top quality. Get a window seat and enjoy watching people interact. It will make you smile. The shop is clean and plays rock and roll. My favorite Sunday is salted Carmel in a waffle cone. I could visit Ghiradelli once a week. Ok I lied, I could visit every three days. Enjoy!!
3	Great ice cream! Great location on The Linq walkway, but somewhat small sitting area for customers inside the ice cream shop... tables/chairs are fairly tight together, gets too crowded when busy; reduce the retail area to make room for ice cream customers, maybe?
5	I tried a mocha here,  it was amazing, I have to say. It was $2.00 less than Starbucks next to them in the LINQ.  Better than Starbucks if I might add and not just because it cost 2 bucks less. Jenn and Brytany were great,  they understand what service is all about.  Will be here everyday until I leave.  Awesome mocha.
5	This place is so good!!! And the store manager that works there is so friendly. My girlfriend and I went here during one of our date nights and we had some ice cream and it was delicious. Can't wait to go back
5	Great customer service and best ice cream ever!!  The manager there the night we visit was friendly and nice.  The sundae with warm chocolate chip cookie was soo yummy!!
4	Oh Lord. Oh Lord. Oh Lord.Just give in to temptation. Don't deprive yourself of a small glimpse of happiness.Enjoy.
5	Best sundae anywhere :) very fresh ice cream delicious choc. Sauce. Nice large portions. Friendly service.
4	Yeah, it's a little expensive (about $10 a sundae) but you come to Ghiradelli's to splurge and enjoy! If you want a cheap sundae, go to McDonald's.
5	The ice cream sundaes are great. The manager Stephen was a great guy, clearly taking pride in his job and a "people person". This place is expensive like almost anywhere on the Strip.
4	Its been a week since ive been here and im still craving their mint chocolate sundae, MMM.
4	Really appreciated the friendly manager and staff. Clean place. My Gold Rush sundae was made to perfection. This place will definetly hit your ice cream or sugar spot. Extra hot fudge please...
4	Love chocolate? This is a the place to be! The left of the store is the sundae shop where most run $10 but you get $1 for checking in on Yelp or get 10% off if you purchase chocolate first.  We didn't have a chance to try one, but they looked delicious and we were told good for sharing.  They even have a family sundae for $38! When you walk in, they gave us a free peppermint sample.  The right of the shop is the chocolate.  You can buy in bulk for just under $10 for half a pound, so pricey.  But you can pick and choose what types you want, and so many good ones to choose from.  There are also small bags of one kind of chocolates and if you buy 4 bags, you get a deal but still more expensive than buying the mini chocolate bags at Walgreens.I couldn't resist the hot chocolate pouches for 3/$12, I hope it tastes as good as the packaging looks.  If you are looking for gifts, there are tins with assorted chocolates.  Since we couldn't decide from all the different types, we got the big bag of 80 chocolates (more than 2lbs worth) for $27.  There was a deal if you buy 2 bags, you get $5 off.  These big bags come in a variety of bags, including mixed and Christmas chocolates.  The staff were very helpful to tell us about the differing bags, and various products.The location is the between LINQ and Flamingo heading towards the High Roller.  Even if you don't buy anything, come for the free chocolate square if you are in the area!
5	I never miss a stop here on every trip to Vegas. It's worth the walk. This is the best ice cream sundae to be found. Mint chocolate chip ice cream, the best hot fudge anywhere, and a melt in your mouth rich fudge brownie make your willpower disappear completely.
1	Very expensive for it (my hot fudge Sunday) to be served in. Plastic cup & spoon.  What happen to the large glass goblets & metal spoons?
5	Located in the Linq alley where you see that High Roller. Everything you order in here is pure quality. Can't go wrong. It's like candyland in the shop, so beautiful. Loved their banana split, they adhere to the classic version.
1	This place is the worse. Only 6 small tables and benches to sit at. I took my daughters here, 4 of us, and there was no place to sit! Wasn't even busy! If you don't mind standing and eating ice cream that's overflowing out of your cup, then this place is ok. If you like Ghirardelli in San Diego and Monterey, don't go here!
5	I love me some Ghiradelli!!! My husband and I have been to several of their ice cream shops around the country (Las Vegas, San Francisco, Miami) and it is always a tasty treat I look forward to. Along with their ice cream, you can also pick up an assortment of their famous little chocolate squares. Speaking of which, I love the fact that they welcome customers into the shop by handing out a free sample of their chocolate pieces of Heaven. This time, we were given the seasonal peppermint bark.The ice cream at Ghiradelli's is very thick and creamy. My favorite is the gold rush sundae with layers of vanilla ice cream (I substitute chocolate), melted peanut butter, and hot fudge. Seriously, how can you go wrong with that?! This time, however, I was forced to try something new because my husband was a fun killer and said a sundae was too much being that this dessert was pre-dinner. I firmly believe that there can never be too much ice cream consumed at any given time of day, but since he was ordering a smaller portion, I didn't want to look like a pig. We both ordered two scoops in a cup... His vanilla and cookies & cream; mine rocky road and strawberry. To my delight, the cups at Ghiradelli are the size of a Big Gulp, so I still won. Yes! Each flavor had huge chunks of strawberry, cookie pieces, etc. I finished every last bite... and then had my little chocolate square for dessert.
5	Great ice cream and chocolate retail shop. Love coming here when I get the craving for a hot fudge sundae. Everything is a little pricey $10-12 for a sundae or up to $.80 for a single piece of chocolate but with quality ingredients and great taste it's totally worth it. And not to mention it's in the Linq on the Strip. Beware it can get pretty busy on nights and weekends so I suggest you have a little patience when going.
