5	This is my favorite Gap store.  I visit it weekly.   Even the sales reps know that, once I pay for my items they say: "see you next week".  Yes it is a disease, but their items are very well made and the fit is great for me.  Lynda is my favorite, she is always so helpful, but every one there is very nice.  If you have a GapCard, on Tuesdays you get an additional 10% off on every item.
4	My husband and I were walking in the Scottsdale Quarter after dinner one night and decided to pop in Gap. Neither of us had been to Gap in a while and saw they were having a sale. Decision made. The inside of the store is large and spacious. It is also well lit and has good displays that really pop/shine. They had some nice summer clothes on display but I was interested in seeing their sale items. They didn't have anything I liked and I refuse to pay over $30 for a shirt. My husband on the other hand found plenty of good sale items and came away with 4 or 5 nice shirts for about $50. I really like the quality of Gap's button down shirts and they fit my husband really well. I would definitely come back here to get more shirts for him. Might have to pass on any items for myself.
4	I usually never go to Gap, BUT my mom was in town and we were looking for pants, so we hit up this location.  AMAZING service!  We were greeted within 5 seconds on walking in, and the sales associate, Becca went above and beyond to help me find what I needed.  Only four starts, since they didn't really have my shape/size  -But more than helpful telling me about their petite sizes online and in other stores in the valley. Basically, this review is for her!  She will help you with anything you need. Also, she was fantastic at multitasking.  She organized the tables as she was looking for my size, and kept everything super clean and organized.  Yay Becca!
5	Love this Gap location! Kind of hidden, but the store is huge! All of the employes are super nice! The dressing rooms are huge too with a big mirror inside! Both sides for mens and women's are huge! and in the back they have a big selection for sale and clearance which is awesome! Definitely will be coming back here again!
