1	This Fry's is so awful I would give it negative stars. The only thing that sucks worse than their produce section is their alcohol selection. I think they carry a total of 5 wines that cost more then 8 bucks. It always smells like rotten meat, the parking lot is sketchy and there is a cop guarding at the entrance. What does that tell you? The isles are very narrow and always full of people that are too stoned to make a decision on what type of crappy junk food they want. There are never enough cashiers but be wary of the self checkout. It is always slow because people do not understand YOU ARE NOT SUPPOSED TO BE IN THE SELF CHECKUT IF YOU HAVE A FULL CART! (Sorry major pet peeve). And for some reason the cashier seems to disappear anytime I need assistance. If you are in need of groceries, drive a few miles down Baseline and hit the one on 24th street. Either that or pack some heat and plug your nose.
1	I live right around the corner from this Fry's but much rather drive to the one on Baseline and 24th St. The cashier here are anything BUT helpful and the lines are ALWAYS ridiculously long. This store should just be shut down or some major customer service needs to be taught. The store looks trashy and small. Certainly does not have the look of a proper Fry's.
2	I like the express lanes they have for those of us that no how to use a touch screen, but these stores always feel really large. The lunch meat slicers are closed by 9pm, not cool. I do like the discounted steaks, but I wish they had more readily available and seperated from the more pricey stuff.
1	I have an issue with all the charity collectors and bums hanging out at the door begging for money. Today it was Fire  fighters collecting for "Jerry's Kids"  they were very aggressive and rude if you did not donate.   Upon exiting the store, I was approached by a smelly bum.    Fry's allows this as well as numerous people in the parking lot soliciting their crap.   I will now go out of my way to shop at other grocers.
