5	I went here for the first time today for a mani-pedi and I received some of the best service I have ever gotten at a nail salon! When I walked in, they had me pick my colors and immediately got me started in a pedicure throne that had the perfect massage in it, and while one technician painted my toes, another did my fingernails. They were very particular to details every step of the way, and I received a nice foot and arm massage that included hot stones! One of the technicians made it a point to say hello to every customer in the place and made everyone feel welcome, I think his name was Billy? My nails look great and shiny and I only paid $33 before tip for the best mani-pedi I have ever received!
5	WOW you should try the gel manicures that they offer here! They are about $28 which seems expensive for just a manicure, but they seriously last for 2 weeks without chipping and they look really shiny! The gels are made by OPI and come in a range of their most popular lacquers. I have had 2 people do them here now, and I will never get a regular manicure ever again!
2	Went here for the first time a few weeks ago. The owner was snoring when I walked in, so that was odd and kind of a turn off. Their regular manicures are cheap- $10, but the experience overall was so-so. It got busier as my manicure was going on, so it got a little better. Parking is pretty bad..they have approx. 3 spaces. Manicure was fine..have a range of OPI but all their polishes were jumbled together which I hate. Overall, for a few dollars more there are better places, even down the street.
4	I had a great experience here and was suprised by how charming and clean the spa is inside, given it is right off of busy rural rd!  I had Lana as my manicurist and she gave a GREAT pedicure.  I used a coupon from the ASU Insider's book and got a relaxing, hour long and hot stone pedicure for $18.  I think the normal price is still around $18...maybe $20 for the cheapest one??!!  Lana was super friendly and sweet, and the owner was also very helpful and made me feel comfortable.  I will definitely go back here for a gel mani!!
4	Best deal in town!  You can get a hot stone pedi and a mani for $28!  Best place to get a pedi!  Its a very tiny place with a friendly staff.  Some days its busy and some days you can walk right in with no problems.  I will definitely be paying Bella Nails more visits since its starting to heat up.
4	I hate to write a review this good, for fear of having my new find infiltrated by yelpers. Bella nails is fantastic. Everything was impeccably clean, and the employees were professional and respectful. I love that each pedicure includes a hot stone massage, and a steamed towel. That's a really nice touch that you'd expect from a higher-end salon, not a place that charges $18 for a pedicure. I also love that everyone preforming pedicures wears gloves. They didn't use pressure tactics to up-sell me services, I wasn't badgered into getting a flower etc, which was refreshing. Their pedicure pricing is really reasonable,  but my gel-manicure was kind of pricey, around $40 (even though their menu says $32) but, I was treating myself. My nails look GORGEOUS. The woman who helped me did such a good job. Another thing that I appreciated about her was that she listened, did exactly as asked, and didn't feel the need tor unnecessary chit chat. They really picked up as the night went on. At one point there were 4 people waiting. While I didn't like that they charged me about $8 extra for my manicure, and couldn't explain why,  I'll definitely go back. I probably won't splurge on a french gel-manicure every two weeks, but I'll be going in for pedicures and regular manicures like clockwork. I've found my new place! The only downside are the lack of parking (about six spots), unexplainable up charges, and I could have stood for a longer massage, but I'm really nitpicking. This place gets a solid four stars, they deserve every single one.
3	You get what you pay for... Cheap pedi and mani. Got a pedi and mani Tuesday and I had chips in it by Thursday. Not great quality but if you need it done quickly or don't want a color this is the place to go.
3	Bella nails is probably a 3 1/2 star. The ladies were very nice , I didn't have to wait and they did an excellent job on my nails. Also they are super cheap it was $28 for a both a mani and pedi plus a hot rock massage.  The reason I would rate my experience a 3 is bc the place didn't seem clean at all, and the equipment they were using made me nervous because i wasn't sure if it was clean. The lady who was doing my nails literally had cuticles on her shirt from people before me... Not just a piece - a lot of cuticles. Because they did a good job I would go back there since it's a minute drive from my place , but maybe I would go early in the morning in hope that the place was cleaner .
1	I have had two experiences with Bella Nails, and I can't say that either was exceptionally great.  First, I went as a walk-in on a Sunday afternoon.  I was seated within a few minutes, and a man began my gel polish.  After five minutes of small talk, he left and walked over to two girls getting pedicures.  A new lady replaced him and continued my manicure.  After she took over, he grew progressively more friendly with the two girls, suggesting he be their boyfriend and offering them positions at the nail salon.  I sat through my entire service, listening to him flirt with the only other customers in the salon.  He did not acknowledge me when I thanked him upon leaving.  Although annoying and slightly uncomfortable, my first experience didn't deter me enough to not return.  About a month later, when two friends were visiting from out of town, we decided to get pedicures and manicures.  I thought of Bella (as it's close to my home), and I called to make appointments for that same afternoon.  We arrived at 2:45 for our 3 o'clock appointment.  There was no one available to help us even after announcing ourselves and reminding them of our scheduled appointments.  We were told to sit and "it will just be a few minutes."  By 3:40 someone had just started one friend's pedicure, and at 4 o'clock another person finally began buffing my other friend's nails to start her manicure.  My friend getting a manicure chose her polish color from a palette on the desk, and the manicurist brought over an entirely different color.  My friend explained that this is not what she wanted, while the lady argued that it indeed was.  My friend even pointed out that the names were different, but the lady insisted.  Meanwhile, around 4:15, I was still waiting to begin my manicure.  Eventually, we ended up leaving--one complete pedicure, one (free) nail buffing, and another unhappy customer that plans to never return.  Icing on the cake?  As we left a man shouted, "Okay, well you try again tomorrow."  I think not.
3	3.5 stars.Not a bad place to get a regular/spa pedicure. It's fairly small but there are usually at least 4 people working. I wouldn't say it's the fanciest in town but, pretty cheap for a pedicure. They charge $18 and they even add a hot stone massage. (which i love!) They also have additional hot oil/massage services for a couple of bucks extra too.The massage chairs were ok. They looked fairly new. But there are only 5 chairs available. They're usually pretty busy in the afternoon, so it doesn't hurt to call 10-20 minutes ahead to make sure you're not waiting forever. The place isn't the absolutely cleanest but isn't disgusting either. Parking is VERY limited.*update*For some reason, I keep going here for my nails and pedicure. Again, there's nothing that stands out but the workers are definitely friendly (no attitude) and they're not talking loudly to each other. In fact, they talk to YOU which is rare in my opinion.
4	This is a pretty nice place. They are friendly pretty busy. I got the glitter tips so it was a little more expensive but over all I liked the service and they were quick which I love because I hate sitting for awhile at nail places. I want to try the pedi they looked pretty through.
5	I love Bella Nails!  I go there for my gel manicures, gel and regular pedicures.  The male owner and his wife are super nice.  They remember what I like and since I am now 8 months pregnant, they treat me as if I am going to break and I LOVE IT!  I feel pampered and always leave with a smile! =)
5	Stopped in for a quick pedicure. Fast friendly service. The pedicure massage was amazing and one of the best callus removals ever. Used opi polish and for 28.00 one of the best. Parking is limited but on a weekday morning it was fine.
3	I was just a bit disappointed that they did not remove the bit excess of my toenail cuticles - which was the main reason I wanted to get a pedi. He cut the nails and buffed it but that's it after the nail polish it was still itchy and it made me feel that my toenails weren't at all clean.  I asked him and he was explaining there was no need to remove the cuticles because I had none, which I understand because my skin are too thin that you can hardly tell and might just cause to bleed but ah well......However,  the staff were very accommodating and the they did good in the foot massage so the 3 stars.
5	I have been here several times now. Every time it has been really good.For starters it is a great price, then they always do a great job.They do nails and waxing as well. Which saves you a lot of time.It is very clean, and the staff is very nice. They are always happy and not complaining about their boss or co workers.They have upgrades but, they don't try to push them on you. Only if you want it. Parking lot is a good size and the bathrooms are clean. I never have to wait very long to be helped. Or not at all.Again did I mention how good the price is?? Awesome!
1	Hate to write a long review but i had a terrible expirience. I have a friend who absolutely LOVES this place. She took me there , and I DO NOT understand why she loves it. There were 3 people working on a friday afternoon. They rushed the girls out that were sitting where we were going to go. Owner said he PICKED a number 5 (most expensive pedicure) for me and I kindly declined and said I wanted a regular one, he laughed and said NO you need this one, I kindly declined again and he was rude the rest of the time, laughing that I had calluses (sp?) on my feet. It was RUDE! He cut my foot with the pumice stone TWICE and made me BLEED! He then proceeded to look at the cuteicule cutter he was using on me and noticed it was DIRTY! He went to the sink and rinsed it off with water and soap, that is not safe/sanitary. It has been 3 days and my nail polish is chipping. I smudged my big toe and when i went back to get one nail fixed, they seemed so irritated and the girl did it in about 1 min. While we were there, a girl came in asking for a eyebrow wax. He made her sit down and wait and made her change chairs about 5 times and begged her to get a mani/pedi, you could tell she was uncomfortable, and so was I. only 1 massage chair was working and owner kept asking for the tip the whole time he was doing my nails!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.I will never ever ever go back here again.
5	This is my new favorite place! I come here every two weeks, and will continue to do so. The staff is so friendly and welcoming, they really make you feel comfortable and welcome in their salon. I'm pretty sure it is family owned, which is great! The staff is small, but I like that. It's just enough to handle their customer flow. I have rarely had to wait when I get there, and 90% of the time, I just walk in. As soon as you sit down, you are offered a cold bottle of water. I would have to say that the gel manicures and their pedicures are as good as it gets in this town. They are thorough and do a fantastic job. (I got a pedicure the other day and she was the most thorough on my cuticles as I have ever seen, it was amazing) The staff always takes their time to ensure that they are doing a good job, I never feel rushed out of there or like they have hurried and done a mediocre job. The salon is clean and cute, with great air flow. The polish color selection is small, but they more than make up for it in everything else! I love this place!
2	Very disappointed with our experience at this salon. My friend and I had a groupon for an ultimate pedi/ and gel manicure. We heard from the guy (assuming the owner) how the groupon wasn't for what we paid and he never got a copy of the groupon before it was posted to proof it.. but he would honor it anyway. We did not fully get the ultimate massage; received hot stones but no scrub which the coupon indicated. My friend only got a massage on one leg and not the other. Coming up to a week later, my toes have already chipped (maybe I'm spoiled and used to better quality pedis that usually last me a month) and my gels started coming off on Friday. I think I'll stick with my original salon.. I gave them two stars because at least the staff was friendly and spoke enough English to be able to have conversations with us. PS owner guy- it's not our problem you didn't get a proof of the groupon before it was submitted! Groupon did refund my friend for one of her groupons at least (She bought two of them).
1	I feel compelled to leave a review for Bella Nails and Spa because I just had the worst service of my life. Getting your nails done should be a relaxing experience. This place is anything but that. The lady I had was the rudest. I requested a color and she proceeded to argue with me about it. It was a gel nail color and on the wall was listed under a certain name and Opi brand. When she started to do my nails she pulled out another brand and color. I nicely asked about it, and she literally flipped out on me. I was stunned. Throughout my manicure, she continued to mumble under her breath and was really rough doing my nails. I know sometimes people have bad days but good grief. I felt like an idiot sitting in the chair.  When I went to wash my hands the lady sitting near the stink getting her nails done remarked that she wouldn't leave a tip if she were me.  I was just embarrassed. Literally felt like crying when I should have been able to relax and enjoy myself. Take my advice and stay far away from this place. There are many better nail salons in the area.
1	Do not go there!!!! SOOOO shitty! I walked in and they didn't even greet me just asked "what do you want?" Then I sat in the pedicure chair and the chair was broken it didn't even massage, along with the foot bath only one jet worked! Then the whole pedi was rushed for example the hot rocks and foot massage he totally rushed and got lotion on my pants and didn't even bother to try to get it off. I wouldn't waste my $$ at this place!!
4	They are being more aware of cleanliness and the last time I was there they were very accommodating. Keep it up Bella!
5	I love this place.  They are very friendly, don't try to up-sell, do a great job, and have very reasonable prices!!!!  They also just got all new chairs for pedicures!!  I really like this place a lot!
4	Came here with my roommates because the last place they went was horrible. It's a tiny little hole in the wall and the workers know next to know English but they were very nice. My pedicure was no better than usual, but it's hard to mess up plain nail polish. My roommates both got gel, and while their nails look fine at first glance, you can tell they aren't that great. I wouldn't go out of my way to go here but I won't cross this place off my list just yet
5	Bella nails is the place to go! Their prices are super cheap, they believe in quality work, and their owner and employees are super friendly! !
2	Normally my fav place however now have new people and after going this past weekend my nails hurt after I left due to being filed downed so thin. I got a gel mani and my thumb nail broke half way down the nail bed due to being filed down so thin!! I wont being going back which is sad as I use to like this place. :-(
5	Bill was AMAZING!!He took his time and made sure my nails fit my hands perfectly.I will definitely be back!
4	I have been searching for a good nail place in Phoenix and I found it! They do a Great job, very detailed and thorough. Friendly staff!
5	I have been to lots of different nail salons and these guys are my favorite! I always leave with exactly what I want and their pedicures are so thorough and comforting. Their prices are amazing, they are super friendly and welcoming, and they treat you like a friend instead of a client. I even got a little Christmas jar filled with goodies, so sweet! It may not be the 'chic-est' location but it's the work that matters, and I love paying a fraction of the cost of Scottsdale nail salons for the same (if not better) work. Thank you guys!
1	I was enjoying my pedicure until the guy starting cutting one of my cuticles and I said "Ow, that hurts!" and he kept pulling on it!  It bled, hurt like hell and he murmured a quick apology and moved onto the next nail.  The polish job looked fine but it took several weeks for my little toe to heal--no way am I going back.
