5	THE SANDWICH TO END ALL SANDWICHES. Choose your fresh carved meats and add a wide range if toppings. I myself had carved turkey and added many Thanksgiving-like toppings. Delish.Enjoy the view from the 108th floor, looking over the strip and into the desert. Watch the crazy people on the rides above from your seats.
4	Reasonably priced food on the observation deck.  Almost fast food!!  Potato stuffings and other stuff
2	I got a sandwich with roast beef. I was not impressed, the roast beef tasted "so so"  One employee was an asshole to me. He sounded annoyed at me and told me "Ma'am you can choose any sides you want" he repeated it at least 2 other times. I'm like dude I'm still choosing what to get. Later when I was buying my food the guy employee said to me " where was I sitting since my hands are full.. I'm thinking to myself "sir do you think I'm dumb I can just go back to the counter to get my drink. Rude employees who are like annoyed at people. I give this place 2 stars because the employees are not professional and the service and food was unpleasant.
5	Was staying at the Stratosphere and went to top of the Tower to try this Sandwich shop. Was not disappointed at all. Not only was the food wonderful and delicious but Eddie and Luz had great customer service. They following night (after bragging about it all day to our friends) we took our friends to try it . Eddie went above on beyond to make our experience sitting there eating our sandwiches while looking at the view to a VIP status. He remembers his customers!!!! The Sandwich Carvery 108 will be a must when ever I visit Vegas. Even if I have to pay to get to top of the Tower.
3	Friendly service and good food. I wouldn't say it was out of this world amazing but it was decent. It was a fun place to try and the coupon at check-in for a sandwich, bag of chips, and large fountain drink for $9.50 plus tax is what drew us in. The environment is very casual. We were expecting something a bit more like a sit down sandwich shop but it was more like a Subway shop experience with much better food. The bourbon bbq new york strip was really good. Tangy with a little bit of a bite. My husband had the peppercorn new york strip and enjoyed it. The jalapeno cheddar bun was really good. There is a wide variety of fresh toppings to put on your sandwich as well as a variety of sauces and dips. They did not have a large potato chip selection, just sea salt reduced fat potato chips, mesquite bbq, and maui onion but that was no big deal. Have a sweet tooth? They sell cotton candy and mini cupcakes to satisfy your sweet tooth. We didn't try the desserts so I can't attest to their yumminess. Worth a try and enjoy a view of downtown, the dessert, and surrounding area while enjoying a good sandwich.
2	Well, I'm pretty sure the meat here is unused leftover from the Top Of The World next door. It makes sense. I'd probably do the same thing if I were the chef except they deceive unaware guests into thinking otherwise by hiking the price up. $20 for a sandwich and a coke. Well, it's OK, I guess because it is good but I can't help to think it's just unused leftover. Which, to be clear, is perfectly safe, but usually just day old meat. That's great if the steak from TOTW was actually high quality. It's not. I ate there the night before I ate here. If my medium steak from TOTW wasn't so over cooked, I would've been happy to have it redone and then eat the original at the Carver station the next day. Instead, got over done steak twice. Ugh.
3	Located on the top of the Statosphere, they let you pick the meat, bread and toppings.  I got the turkey, not too flavorful, and dry. Put hot gravy over the sandwich and stuffing  to moisten the sandwich.  Good variety of toppings, added mushrooms, gravy, stuffing over this open faced sandwich. Things are sitting for a bit, so go early this get fresh toppings
