5	Clean, nicely decorated, calm nail salon.  We were greeted and taken immediately, without an appointment.  The technicians were nice and professional.  My mom had a gel mani and regular pedi, I had just a pedi.  They let me stay in the massage chair the whole duration of my moms services- some places have made me get out of the chair even though they didn't need it :( .  We're not frequent nail salon people but I think they did a good job!
3	Lovely place. It was slow on Saturday morning. But my nail tech was in such a hurry to finish my gel nails and they look like they were done in a rush ;(  they look like I painted them myself which defies the purpose of having them done by a professional! I will try the nail salon across the street next time.
4	I love this place! they did exactly what i had asked for and when my nail tech couldn't do the bow I wanted he didn't even try he had another lady do it to make sure it was perfect! the only negative thing was that the soaking bowl water was cold, but if that's the only down side i'll take it!
5	Hands down the best pedicure I've ever gotten. They really do hold up to their nail. I didn't wanna get up. The staff is extremely friendly and they really want to make sure you're taken care of. I was offered something to drink the second I sit down and they made sure my chair was comfortable. I had a pretty dark red color previously on my toes and they made sure there was no remaining color left whereas other places I've gone they just say the new polis twill cover it. Their hot towels were fragranced so it leaves a beautiful aroma on your legs. I just got the standard pedicure which was $25 and a full set which was also $25 so average pricing. Anyway, the place is very clean compared to some places I've been and the staff takes the time to talk to you so I'll definitely be coming back. If you're in Henderson or in the Vegas area and are looking for a place to relax for a bit, this is a place you can do it.
5	Very great pedicure, I hAd Richard give me a pedicure and it was thorough and awesome,  great strong hands when he massaged my feet
5	Finally I have found a nail salon that can do gel manicure and pedicures to absolute perfection.   Kim is outstanding.   I have tried more than 10 places since I moved here and this is absolutely the best place.
