4	I've been wanting to go here for a while but just never have.  At 67 degrees, everyone was remarking what a fab day it was.  So off to have an early dinner since they close at 530.  It's very serene & also quiet with only 2 tables of customers at 4pm.  The food is pretty good for what you'd expect, bar food @ a golf course.  The menu's simple.  We tried the philly cheese steak with a side of fruit, frits & fries (chix finger w BBQ & ranch sce), and a salmon salad.   They have breakfast, too as well as a full bar.
4	I wanted to try something different for breakfast after an appointment and before I went to give blood.  I've been meaning to try the TPC Grille for awhile but it never comes to mind when I'm out and about.  Today was different.  The other TPC course in our area is a private course, so this is where I headed today.I got the Southwestern Eggs Benedict which according to the menu consists of roasted corn cakes, chorizo, fried eggs, chile cheddar cheese, pico, green onion, avocado, and breakfast potatoes.  In today's case, it was missing pico and avocado, but it was very good nonetheless.  I really enjoyed the flavor of the corn cakes and I liked the different take on Eggs Benedict by going with the corn cakes instead of an English muffin.  The corn cakes were very tasty!Service was excellent. I sat at the bar and Theresa was the server.  She was a very pleasant woman and very efficient.  It was nice chatting with her about breakfast places and it was so nice looking out the windows at the view of the mountains on the west side of town.The dining room is relatively small, but they have a nice outdoor seating area.  I'll have to come back when I can sit on the patio.  Right now, it's just too cold.  This was a very pleasant experience and I'm glad I came here.
5	Best kept secret....shhhhh.  The Southwestern Chorizo eggs benedict on corn cakes is the best breakfast!  Even their coffee tastes great.  The food served here is creative and quality.  It is not your run of the mill coffee shop food by no means.  The view is beautiful, too.  Open to the public and non-golfers!!!!!  ENJOY!
