4	I saw a cat circus here. It was life changing.Does that have anything to do with the Grey Box theater? Probably not. Okay, maybe a little. Well. Maybe a lot considering it was a nice, intimate place to view cats doing amazing things!! I was sitting in the second row on the left side and I still saw everything pretty clearly.As my very smart friend Aja J states, it would have been a bit better of they would have staggered the seats per row, but I still saw just fine. Maybe if I was in the back it would have been worse, considering the last two rows were standing the entire time.I can't blame them. It was exciting and I'd wanna see every second of it from the last row as well as the second. If you're coming here to see any type of show, I'd imagine it would be just as intimate. Would it be as amazing as a cat circus? Probably not. Not until the next time they come into town anyway!
1	The Grey Box Theatre hosted the wonderful Acrocats troupe. Yes, it was a great show. I have seen them a few times. It was a very hot day outside. When I learned later that the theatre did not allow all the rest of the troupe inside (backstage, in their carriers) when the generator in their bus stopped working, I was appalled. Basically, they were out of luck. Not nice at all. Fortunately, the cats did survive this ordeal.
4	I experienced the Grey Box Theater as a venue for the Dress for Success fundraiser.  it is a fun space in Lawrenceville that can be rented to host special events, parties, fundraisers, concerts, etc. It was a neat space that can easily be used for a variety of things (as is evidenced by the fact that it apparently previously hosted a cat circus...).  Even though it is a "theater" there is no stage which makes it a versatile space.  We were able to set up seating for a panel discussion and guests along with cocktail tables.  There was also a great deal of lighting options which can really add ambiance to your event.  They also allow you to bring your own food and drinks which is a plus since a lot of venues lock you in to a certain caterer or don't allow outside items.The down side is that if the event is during the day, you need to find on street parking which can be a challenge in Lawrenceville.Overall a great space for a smaller special event.
