5	I'm an  Italian girl from New York and I can honestly say: Marcellino is one of the BEST Italian restaurants in the Valley. If you like home made pasta, flavorful sauces, great wine and all the other elements that make a great Italian place - this is it! It even reminds me of a place back east with the owner (owner's wife?) working the door and the old school dessert ray presented by the waiter. Marcellino is not cheap, but it's price in on par with other high end Italian like Bravo Bistro, Um Bacio, Le Cabaffe, Tamasos...etc. But Marcellino might be the best!
2	WAY TOO EXPENSIVE!You shouldn't have to pay $22 for any pasta.  For two people, ordering vegetarian dishes and some wine and salad, the price was about $119.  Ridiculous.  Not even that tasty.  This restaurant has gone downhill, while the prices have gone way up.  I guess if you like a greasy, heavy, expensive, snobby restaurant, this is your place!Where are the friendly neighborhood Italian restaurants of yesteryear?
5	I LOVE this place! The staff is incredible and so knowledgeable -- not to mention they are actually from Italy. It's definitely a special-occasion place though -- not for the everyday unless you're made of cashola. Great atmosphere, great food. Also you can sign up for their e-mails which tell you about upcoming wine tastings, special menus, etc. Four thumbs up (two from me, two from hubby).
5	ahhh Marcellino...Why do you have to get me drunk? Funny thing is, the more we drink the more I understand your english. Thanks for the help.There are few places in the valley that can be called true Italian, not to mention ones that are ran by a real Italian chef. Sometimes we go there and ask Marcellino to just "go for it" - havent been dissapointed yet.BOTTOM LINE: Worth every penny! Dont change a thing.
2	This place has good italian food for phoenix, but thats because the only real competition is Olive Garden and Carabbas. If this place were any place else like San Fran it would be done. I mean $30 - 40 for pasta? Come on now... Way overpriced and not that tasty.
4	This is the best Italian restaurant in Phoenix. The place is very small and cozy, and decorated very warmly inside. They have a private nook in the back corner of the restaurant, as well as a full bar. Live music is featured most nights. All of the pasta is homemade fresh daily, and is very very good. One time they had Venison on the specials menu and it was so unbelievable I swear I can still taste it. Sima and Marcellino, the owners are great people, even if Marcellino is almost impossible to understand. The place is definitely not inexpensive, but in my opinion worth eveyry penny to actually get some high end Italian that is otherwise very hard to find in Phoenix.
5	Some of the best Italian food I have ever had. This is a favorite for my wife and I. Sima and Marcellino are very nice people, very inviting. The bar is small but fun to hang out at. The food is always fresh and delicious.Watch out for Marcellino - he likes to push the truffles.
5	So this review is a little tardy as we dined at Marcellino's for New Years ... it was spectacular.  The service is top notch, friendly and professional, knowledgeable and prompt - the food was simple and delightfully tasty. Must admit I am a long time fan, though I don't go as often as I might like as a night out there will set you back a few dimes.  What I relish is the fresh, simple taste of dishes prepared with intention and care - easily the best Italian in Phoenix.  I also love to be greeted and schmoozed by the stunning Sima who always makes you feel welcomed back like an old friend.I'm going to get back here again soon as every time I dine here I think, why did I wait so long.
3	I went here for Valentine's day and it was a good restaurant but not great if you want to compare it to some of the top restaurants in town.  The appetizers and entrees are good.  I would recommend the pastas since they are fresh and handmade.  The service and atmosphere were nice but for what I'm paying I could think of a few other restaurants that I would have better overall experiences at.
5	Marcellino Ristorante has the best Italian food on the planet.  End of review.  Actually, let me give you an example of a recent wine dinner.. (I saved the menu)The vineyard represented at this dinner was Mastroberardino, one of the oldest winemaking firms in Campania, Italy (birthplace of Marcellino!).  Course 1:  Carpaccio di Cervo all Menta, paired with Falanghina.  This was a fabulous start to the dinner, one of the oldest of the ancient varietals of wine, served with a carpaccio of venison.  Fantastic!  Of course the carpaccio was served over locally sourced arugula (grown by the chef himself)...delicious.  Course 2: Grilled Scallops and Calamari.  Forget deep fried calamari, grilled is the way to go.  Simple and perfectly cooked.  Paired with a nice acidic Greco di Tufo.  This is what you'd have on the coast of Italy.  Buonissimo.Course 3:  Branzino ripieno con Tortufi paired with Fiano di Avellino.  I can't think of anywhere in the world where you'd get a such a nice fish paired with a butter and truffle sauce (and truffles inside the rolled filet).  Fantastic!  And Fiano was the perfect complement to the fish.Course 4:  Duo - Lasagnetta ai Funghi misti & Cavetelli al Ragu d'Agnello.  I've never had a Lasagna at Marcellino but his sauce paired with the mixed mushroom Lasagna was fantastic.  And the Cavetelli was my absolute favorite with the lamb ragu.  This was paired with a terrific Aglianico (the first red wine of the evening).  So many flavors that match so well.  The chef clearly knows how to pair his wines with his food.  Course 5:  Stracotto di Cinghiale con Polenta.  This dish seems simple, a wild boar over a polenta.  But the subtle beautiful flavors made for a home style or country farm kind of dish that you'll not soon forget - and will wish for more.  This was served with an incredible Taurasi "Radici" red wine.This is as good as it gets.  An expertly prepared multi course dinner paired with fantastic ancient wines from one of the oldest vineyards in italy.  The service was top notch, the presentation unfailing.  The food absolute and the wine amazing!Thank you Marcellino and Sima, and also Dario from Classico Wines, you put together yet another beautiful evening - we always leave impressed and perfectly sated.
5	Yes indeed, this is good as it gets!  After discovering Marcellino's a few years ago, I am now drawn there like a magnet.  Marcellino is a "real" chef, personally designing each menu item..and the off-menu items, which change regularly, are his masterpieces.  The atmosphere is unique to Phoenix - high class, personal, and sophisticated yet cozy.  This is a place for food, wine and conversation, not a see-and-be-seen joint.  That said, I've seen and met some of the Valley's movers and shakers here - business owners, politicians, artists, TV personalities, politicians.  The service is consistently top-notch and professional.  Family owned and operated, Marcellino and Sima pour their heart into this place, and it shows.
5	Do you know what "scampi" really is? I learned new food fact at Marcellino this week, something I should have known, but most of us probably don't. "Scampi" is an animal - a type of lobster that looks a lot like a shrimp. I've always assumed "scampi" was the shrimp in butter and garlic dish, but it turns out that is an American bastardization of the term. Real scampi is a particular type of lobster - not very common and very expensive, which is probably how the shrimp and garlic bit happened along. BTW, Marcellino's REAL scampi is lovely, served grilled "on the half shell". Plan on sucking all the tasty bits off the shell.
4	Ok --  I'm not sure if my husband and I went on an off night or if our waiter was the one that just didn;t make this a "5 Star" experience for us.  Not sure...We got there and just LOVED the lady that greeted us (owner?  she was amazing).  Our table wasn't quite ready but, hey, thats ok!  I was ready for a drink at the bar and I was looking pretty good so I thought I'd be the vamp at the bar that night.  What a cute restaurant!!  The Bartender was AWESOME and had a shot of Limoncello with us.  We loved him immediately.We sat down, and our waiter came over.  An older dude that was very sweet and he told us our specials.  We split the Beef Carpaccio and it was very good -- a little low on salt -- but very yummy.  I had the scampi special and my hubby had the Wild Boar Tagliatelli -- yummy but missing something.  My Scampi was really not as flavorful as I would have liked -- but it was good.  You can tell the pasta is fresh and I just love that.Our waiter left us alone for a long time and didn't check back as often as I would have liked.  At the end, he only brought the dessert tray and did not tell us about all the other ice cream flavors they had.  I had to tell him -- because I heard it from all the other waiters when they told their tables.  Now wassup with that?  Also, we were told by the bartender that we get a complimentary shot of limoncello at the end of our meal.  Never happened.  All the other tables did get one though -- so I think it was just our guy.There will be a second visit -- and I will make sure we get a different waiter.  I really wanted to love this place and the first visit didn't let me love it
5	Best Gnocchi and meat sauce i've ever had.   A friend of mine, who's  a friend of Sima and Marcellino brought me here.  I'm always apprehensive about trying something new when it comes to Italian food.. but so glad I did.  They make everyone feel welcome and well taken cared of.  The servers posses an almost encyclopedic knowledge of their food offerings.  The ambiance is very nice, who knew it was in a strip mall?  My experiences are from 2006, so I'm a little late to the review table, but I had to throw my 2 cents in.  Once you get over the slight sticker shock, you will definitely contemplate how soon your return will be.  Only bummer is I believe they close during the summer months.
5	It is with pleasure that I bestow upon Marcellino Ristorante my coveted 5 star review                                                                                                                                                        *  *  * FANFARE *  *  *                  Where do I begin?  How about with the amuse busch (to build anticipation in the palette).  Moments after we received the menu a plate arrived with a couple wonderfully pungent olives, several small slices of some kind of salami and 4 small chunks of what I believe was pecorino cheese.  A delicious start and we had barely opened the menu.We shared the Gamberi e Feta antipasti.  Two HUGE jumbo shrimp (I didn't think the word jumbo really did those bad boys justice) grilled perfectly...tender and juicy.  They were served on a square of lightly fried feta cheese and a bed of cabbage.  The arrangement was so nice that I didn't want to disturb it.After that we shared 2 entrees:The Fagottino di Pollo and the Salmone in Crosta di Porcini con Cognac e Porri.  I am not a big fan of salmon but I could become a fan of this salmon.  Flaky, delicious fillet with a wonderful cognac sauce.  I was less thrilled with the chicken.  It was split chicken breasts layered with proscuitto and fontina cheese and smothered in a brown sauce.Here's the thing about the Fagottino di Pollo.  When I say I was less thrilled I mean it was 4 star chicken.  Everything else about the food and service was 5 stars.  Flat out.  We shared a couple desserts - a tirimisu and a dark chocolate mousse.  The tirimisu had all the right flavors working - mascarpone cheese, chocolate, espresso, rum, lady fingers.  Delicious.  The mousse was also very good.  Dangerously good.Along the way we had a very well rounded chianti ( Chianti "I Sodi", Badia Morrona ) and a very nice white ( Albana "Colle Del Re" ).  Even the brewed coffee I had after dessert was very good.Service was outstanding throughout the evening.  All in all I would place Marcellino Ristorante on the short list of Phoenix's finest restaurants.
5	If you want to impress a date, take them to Marcellino's.  My first visit there was with a date, and I was definitely impressed.   Your dining experience there will be private, personal and in a lovely atmosphere.  As a diner, you will feel like everything is especially for you.... and it is. Marcellino makes sure that your meal is worth savoring and that you will appreciate your evening enough to return.
5	How can I not give Marcellino five stars?The food was fantastic - as was the experience.  We'd been hearing about Marcellino Ristorante for awhile but it wasn't until we were looking for a place to celebrate Mother's Day that we thought to check it out.From the moment I called to make a reservation, we received the friendliest service ever!  I was told that they could take our group at 6:45 and that they'd have a live Opera Singer (specifically a Tenor) in house that night performing - what a treat!  Well - that's what I figured when they told me that.  (None of us were opera fans before and we still are not opera fans, but it did add to the experience!)We were seated right away and Scott was our server.  He was attentive and patient with us, even when Jared had him repeat the specials several times.  Their homemade pasta specials looked incredible, but I stayed away... Instead, I enjoyed the Insalata Ortolana, a few bites of the Canestina Polenta (if you like polenta and you like mushrooms, get this - it's incredible), and I shared the Gamberi Affogtai entree with my mother-in-law-to-be.  We requested extra veggies instead of mashed potatoes and not only did they oblige, but the broccoli, cabbage, and asparagus we received were delicious!  The shrimp were magnificent as well - juicy and tender!  Oh - I have to also admit to having some of the 'special sauce' they serve with the bread basket... it is tangy and wonderful - if you go, you must try that too.  It's made with eggplant, olive oil, and red pepper I believe... yum!Jared and his sister had a Caprese Salad (a bit overpriced at $12.95), the Paccatelli al Ragu (a bolognese pasta dish I believe), the Scaloppine al Gorganzola (a veal dish that he enjoyed but serving size was not as big as he'd wished for).  We finished off the meal with an Apple Galetta served with hazelnut gelato and a Panna Cotta (similar to flan).  While I had just a small taste of the apple one, I can report that it was delicious... and since Jared and his mom finished off the panna cotta, i'll assume it was not so bad either.All of the above plus a pellegrino, a coffee, and a cappuccino for $159.85 before tip.  Note - no alcohol.So, yes, we wish it was more affordable - but we'll be back without a doubt!
4	The best Italian food in the city! The service is top notch and food reminds me of the home cooked meals I had every Sunday growing. The only thing that keeps its from a 5 star rating is the price.
4	Maybe the only place in AZ that makes their own pasta? 5 stars by Arizona standards, 3 by Italy and other foodie joints across the globe - hence the compromise. Sorry AZ, you are on a relative scale.I was bummed, because I was the only person in this restaurant for an hour and a half at 7 on a thursday night. Finally a good Italian joint in Phoenix and nobody shows-up. I hope this place survives.
5	In college (not that long ago, but boy I am getting old fast) I had the opportunity to spend a month in northern Italy.  Marcellino Ristorante takes me back.You will find no finer Italian restaurant in Phoenix.  The pastas are exceptional, unique, and fresh.  The atmosphere is superb.  The wait staff if phenomenally proficient yet down to earth and friendly at the same time.You owe it to yourself to treat you and a loved one to this experience.
5	This is one of my favorite 'celebration night out' places.  The owners are wonderfully nice and friendly.  The service was great - excellent timing on filling water, clearing table - it was all seamless. Now the food!  Home made pasta, fresh and original. Everything was tempting but I can never resist the specialty of the day - seafood linguini, mushroom sauce, or any other meats - gently cooked!  Perfect! With a bottle of wine, meal and dessert - it can get pricey but it's well worth it! They do offer Valentine 'take out baskets' which are reasonably priced (considering) and sound wonderful -i must admit, i have never tried them though.
5	Marcellino and Sima are finally back after their yearly 1 month Italy vacation (re-opened September 10th)....and are we glad they are back!  We had a fabulous duo appetizer: fresh fig and prosciutto and the second was a filet (carpaccio) with shaved mushroom and black truffle!  Delicious!  I've always been a fan of prosciutto and melon, but the fresh fig was tremendous!Marcellino also brought us a fresh black truffle cream for his crusty bread, mmmm, amazing.  I don't think you can get this anywhere (fresh), even here if you ask for it, but we were lucky to be in the right place at the right time!Pasta duo was tortellini with even more truffles and a wild boar pappardelle.  Best hand made pastas anywhere.  Perfect!Main course was a perfectly cooked filet with his mashed potatoes and julienned vegetables...and more truffles!  So right...so full!  I'm so glad we had an hour spinning class before embarking on this journey!We ended up skipping desert and had some left over to go!  What a perfect Italian dinner paradise!We can't wait to go back for opera night...and of course we are waiting for his next wine dinner.  Best in the valley.
4	I really liked the experience I had at Marcellino's on Friday night.  They had opera singers from the Phoenix Symphony performing which were very good.  I enjoyed my handmade ravioli with spinach and yummy cheese (not fish yay!) filling and the wine and the mouse.  It was good!! But then something happened....my date gave the server his card to pay for the meal and it was brought back as not able to be processed (yikes!).  The server also informed him that they'd been able to process someone else's but one other didn't go through.  My date checked his account on line and it had plenty to cover, but had just enough cash to cover the tab, not really enough for a tip.  So he asked the server if they would try to put a lesser amount on the card to cover the tip and take the cash.  This is when the server informed us that the machine might be down and it wasn't just his it was everyone's! So he kinda lied earlier, which wasn't cool.  We then waited another 30 minutes without an appearance by the server to explain what was going on, although I could see Marcellino working on the machine, even trying his own card.  My date got up to go speak with him, and the server tried to divert him, but he was respectful and wanted to speak with the owner.  No attempt was made to really apologize for the delay or make up for the wait...so they wrote down his information and address to mail him a receipt.Then, the next day, he checked his account and he'd been charged twice!! :( sad, because I thought I might like to go back at some point.
5	I agree with all the enthusiasts here.  The handmade PASTAS are AWESOME!!  So delish!!!  Too bad I live in LA!  I was driving through Phoenix and I'm so glad I stopped by!  I would definitely make another visit when I'm in Phoenix.
4	great food, nice service... far location but worth it... just be carefull with the specials prices... raviloi for $32 for lunch...a lillte to much... sure I'll come back.... DELICIOSO... BRAVO...
1	Pretentious and overrated.This is the kind of restaurant for people who a) miss New York, or b) don't know what they're talking about.  This is the kind of restaurant where you'll pay $200 for $100 worth of food.  It's not that it's bad, it's that it's pretentious.  To pay this kind of money is a strip shopping center is...overrated.Yes, the owner-hostess it's just not worth it.  Very snooty to other patrons she deemed unworthy, save the money, go elsewhere.
2	Food was not as great as I read on the reviews. I went to have a nice dinner with my wife and the waiter was hitting on me. Gross.food was overpriced and restaurant not that nice.
4	I have been to Marcellino at least 5 times in the last two years, the most recent visit in October.  The only thing that keeps me from giving Marcellino 5 stars is my spotty experience with the service.  On two occasions it took more than 30 minutes to get a check when we were ready; on another the owner/hostess was condescending.  The food has always been spectaular- 5 stars for the food.  The pasta and fillings are all freshly made.  Among our favorites: Paccatelli al Ragu di Salsiccia- this is one that my daughter has identified as the best Ragu in Phoenix; Gnocchi Sorrentina - the most dreamy-creamy gnocci dish; Lamb Chops al Balsamico- lamb can be sublime or awful- this was memorably sublime.  The salad with the pears and the Ortolana con Gamberi salad are also excellent.The waiter's service was impeccible at my most recent visit~ attentive, knowledgable, professional and friendly.  I am pleased this was the case as I was hesitant to go because of my previous  experience with the staff.On one occasion I brought one well-behaved child, on another brought two well-behaved children who enjoy dining.  It was the day I brought two children that I encountered the owner/hostess.  I arrived around 5pm (early- before the usual dinner crowd), and my children behaved perfectly (or I would not have taken them out).  The waiter was charming and attentive, but I felt that the owner/hostess was displeased that I brought children (who at the time were 9 and 10).  I paid full price for all entrees, didn't ask for special kid favors,  tip well and don't dawdle, and the kids were very quiet, so I was rather off-put that I would be be treated with veiled contempt.I am sure that I will return at some point.  I woud advise the owners to consider tightening up their service, providing checks promptly, treating all guests with gracious respect, putting on the "make nice" smile when necessary.  Don't give a "bum's rush" to a customer with children who are behaving appropriately.
3	Food is good but way overrated.  The service is nothing special and the prices are astronomical for the quality and quantity of food that you get.  Don't get me wrong the food is good but when you put it all together it is just OK and you may be happier going elsewhere.
5	Definitely an amazing restaurant, Sima and Chef Marcellino took great care of me and my date. The atmosphere is plush and romantic, i had the chef's tasting menu. Their hand made pasta is absolutely delicious.  Also on either Friday or Saturdays, they have live Opra at the restaurant which is an amazing treat.
3	I read a lot of reviews here and decided to go and check it out. I had dinner there with my department and a  vendor i do a lot of business with. It was kind of a turn off showing up to a ratted down strip mall, but the inside decor was very nice. Eating there Thursday night, we were probably 1 table of out of 5. Not very busy. The portions were a nice size so your not overwhelmed, but its not all that its cracked up to be. We all had something different off the home made pasta menu. I did recommend it to a few other people who tried it, and they all seemed to be in agreement. Its just ok. I give it 3 stars.
2	I had read the reviews on Yelp of Marcellino's, and so was eager to try it, so I scheduled a lunch meeting there today.  Given the glowing reviews, I will probably give it one more chance at dinner sometime, but it was definitely a let down.  I had a six top, and we were six of the 8 people in the entire place for lunch.  Service was good, with frequent refills, and they left us plenty of time to get to business before taking our orders.  There was an alright red pepper spread for the bread, although olive oil and balsamic would have been a welcome addition.  Most of the table got either grilled chicken or salmon, which came with a small green salad: portions were very small for mid teens to lower 20s per entree for lunch.  I and another person got the shrimp and scallops in a lightly spiced red sauce with linguine dish.  There were plenty of shrimp, but they were small and extremely overcooked: they reminded me of shrimp that have been left in a ceviche for too long.  The scallops were cut into very small pieces, and were also overcooked, although not as badly as the shrimp were.  The sauce was made with fresh tomatoes, which were left in large chunks, and I have to say I would have very much preferred the use of canned San Marzano tomatoes instead: it was mild, with little body to it.  The pasta was not badly done, but seemed a bit soft for my taste in pasta.Overall, very disappointing, but so many good experiences can't be wrong, can they?
2	Not very impressed, food was just ok.  Way over priced.
5	I am part Italian...so my husband and I have a VERY difficult time finding a restaurant that meets my expectations. So far this is the only one I will go back to. I was impressed that you could order a $48 pasta dish...but my husband and I ordered off the regular menu (not the specials). The chef does know his pasta and sauce! I ordered the Mare Y Monte (Land and Sea) pasta with shrimp. It had the quality ingredients, and no complaints on using FRESH tomato...this is what pasta sauce should be made with. My husband had clams and pasta....the pasta was Lovely! Yes there was opera inside (beautiful), we chose to sit on the patio (a tad bit noisy because of street traffic). The food and patrons may not be in my tax bracket....but I am willing to try it again (once I save up my change!)
5	What a wonderful dining experience as my wife and I celebrated 30 years of marriage at this upscale Italian restaurant. We opted for the Monday night three course chefs special with the wine paring.  There was a bit of mixup as the Internet price ($49 p/p) did not reflecrt the price increase after their move to the new location.  However after a short  discussion, the Internet price was honored. After the complimentary bruchetta, our first wine was presented to us - a lovely chianti blend that introduced our first course.  The first course had two very different offerings.  A wonderful mushroom sauce was served over Polenta - this was my favorite.  The other offering in the first course was traditional Insalata Caprese - mozzarella, local tomatoes and basil.  Both of these dishes were perfect.The second course was preceded by a local Tuscany red wine that was a blend of 4 grapes.  This pasta course was highlighted by a delicious white seven cheese ravioli complimented with a red sausage and marinara  pasta dish.  All of their pastas are home made and were cooked to perfection.  The ravioli was my favorite!The main course consisted of two fillets of a Mediterranean fish that was a member of the Monk fish family.  It was served with a yummy garlic sauce and accented by perfectly mashed white potatoes dressed with fresh Basil. The evening was romantic and the service was just right.  We had a wonderful dining experience in this Anniversary stopover in Scottsdale.
5	This is a fabulous Italian restaurant.  The service is impeccable and very professional.  The waiter seemed to have an infinite knowledge of almost every menu item available.  It was like nothing I've ever seen.The food is excellent, as well.  Some of the specials are quite pricey, but everything is handmade and worth the money.  This is definitely a great place for special occasions.The old restaurant in uptown Phoenix was a bit more quaint and more convenient for me, but I'm willing to make the drive anywhere in the valley for this great restaurant.  I'm actually planning my (small) rehearsal dinner there for later this year.
3	We went for a busy sat night.  Service was good and the atmosphere was great.  The display and service of the homemade pasta was really cool.  I could not believe the prices!  Unbelievable.  The pasta is very good....too thick for my taste.  It'll stay with ya for a couple days!It was good and I applaud the effort.  I will save up and go again in 5 years.Overall very good though
4	I'd heard about Marcellino for many years but never made it over there when they were in Phoenix.  My friends and I decided to check them out this last Saturday.This is my third visit to the space that previously was occupied by Digestif, Tutto and now Marcellino.  Luckily for Fred Unger, he probably has a tenant here who will make it.  They changed the entrance and once I found my way in I was reminded what a great space this room is.  The exposed brick, dark colors and candlelight are very romantic.Once seated we tasted a few wines and decided on a nice Barbera reasonably priced at $47 for the bottle.Our appetizer was a bufalo mozzarella wrapped in prosciutto with tomato and basil.  It was a delicious start to the meal.Since there were four of us we all decided to order something different so that we could all try each other's dish.  They show you the different pastas and explain the specials of the day.  Literally, all of the specials sounded great and it was tough to make a decision.I ordered the porcini fettuccine which came with lobster.  Who doesn't like lobster but actually the pasta stole the show.  It was a real earthy, rich flavor that I loved.The other dish that really stood out to me was the filet mignon and truffle tortelloni.  How can you go wrong with those ingredients?To top off the evening they had live opera singers entertaining during dinner.I've read people complain about the prices at Marcellino but I really don't agree.  Our bill was $207 plus tax and tip for four people.  For a topnotch meal with wine it was worth every penny to our group.
5	I have had the privilege to indulge myself in true Italian cuisine made with love and passion. When you dine at Marcellino's not only do you experience the graciousness of the owners who are ever present and friendly,but you get to lavish your taste buds in the essence of true Italian flavors. The housemade pastas are ones that you can't get anywhere else, or would you want too. Then top that off with live Opera, make you feel like to are in the heart of Italy riding a gondola. The attentive staff are at your table giving you impeccable service and enhacing your experience with through knowledge of the menu. I recommend this restaurant to everyone looking to have a memorable experience!!
4	Had been wanting to try Marcellino's for awhile, but the last time we tried, it was closed as the owners were away in Italy.  Finally got around to a very overdue visit tonight.  Dinner was excellent. Started with a special app, buffalo mozzarella wrapped in proscuito served with roasted peppers, fresh basil and fresh tomatoes.  It was perfect.  The mozzarella tasted home-made.  Tried the mushroom linguine and red lingunie for entrees.  All of the pastas are made by hand in the restuarant.  Both dishes were very good.   Rounded out the perfect meal with a perfect slice of tiramisu.  They also gave a number of service items including, bruschetta with fresh tomatoes and basil before the app, and a shot of homemade limoncello with biscotti after desert.  With wine, it was about $65 pp which was reasonable.
5	Insanely good food paired with top-notch service, ambiance and the loveliest hostess! Sima, Marcellino and the entire staff make this restaurant our favorite location for special occasions. Homemade everything - the pasta is always a favorite for us. We had our wedding dinner here, 5 years ago, with a small group of family and close friends and it was wonderful. Amazing servers really know their business and can recommend wine pairings and their favorite dishes. The new location in Old Town Scottsdale is more convenient to where we live, though we were just as happy to drive a bit further to the original location. I've chosen "dressy" and "not" good for kids, only based on how we like to experience Marcellino's, though they are so welcoming and comfortable I'm sure casual dress and (well behaved!) kids would be just as welcome... if you tend to spoil your kids, that is.
5	Went here on the basis of the reviews on this site for our anniversary (thanks Gabi).  It was a perfect choice.  From the reservation process, through the parking, to the live band playing just outside, the beginning of the evening was perfect.  Once inside the ambience was excellent.  Their was an intimacy to the venue which was, for fear of being redundent, excellent.  The hosts were friendly and attentive, and our server, Scott, was wonderful.  And the food.  Wow.  We actually ordered two of the specials, and they were amazing... my wife had a pasta dish in a lobster sauce which was perfect... thought she was going to lick her plate at the end.  I had the ground steak gnocchi, which was cooked to perfection.  Both were simply delicious.  They had a very nice wine selection (we had the prosecco), and the espresso which topped the evening off was again, perfect.  This is definitely on my short list of the best restaurants in Phoenix.
5	Off the chart amazing!!! We went here for my birthday and it was literally the best Italian restaurant I have ever eaten at ( and I've eaten at my share in Italy). The ambiance was a soothing glow of gentle lighting and rustic brickwork, with Italian opera piped in. The food was a perfectly prepared collection of hand-made pastas in exotic flavors - cheese infused, squid ink colored, and wonderfully sauced. The desert was a just-right tiramisu - capping a delectable meal. Yes, it's a bit pricey - but TOTALLY worth it for special occasion food.Oh - and come on Saturday evenings to get serenaded by live opera singers!
1	We had a private party scheduled for the 3-course chef tasting dinner.  The room was not ready, the menu was not as we discussed (there were meat dishes and we had a few vegetarians), the A/V equipment didn't work.   One of the guests also got a cup of coffee that tasted like chicken broth...the owner came back with some excuse for this, but the issue was not corrected.  We all had been looking forward to this dinner for some time now since we heard good things about this restaurant - this bad experience was enough for me not to return.
1	This place sucks. Food was average and we had to wait an hour even though we had a reservation. My americano tasted like warm soy sauce and they blamed it on the RO system. The owner made all sorts of excuses and took a whopping $50 off our $1100 bill. We won't be back!
4	Had feared that after moving to chic Scottsdale the food would suffer.  Thankfully that is not the case.  I love their pasta.  I don't even bother with the proteins, it is the pasta that is the star.  The crowd tends to skew a little older, (i.e. not the best place to that your fraternity brother), and even a first date might be a little off-putting.  In fact, you should probably confirm you like the person since the prices are a little steep.  But if you are willing to make the time and money commitment, there is no better place in town for wonderful fresh pasta that is toothsome and delicious.  The sauces lovingly envelope each bite and never overwhelms.  Bread is served and it is good, but do not fill up on bread no matter how much you like the eggplant spread that comes with it.  Come hungry, leave happy.  I'm still smiling.
5	My husband and I love Marcellino's.  We've been to the old location a few times before, and love the new location in Scottsdale.   I hope they stay put now.  I would highly recommend this restaurant for a special night out.
5	This place was fantastic.  The food, service, ambiance, and everything else were amazing.  We especially enjoyed some of the hand made pastas, but it was all very good.
5	Wow! I had such a hankering for Italian food, and Marcellino's treated me far beyond expectations. Growing up right outside of Boston, I went to the North End (Boston's Little Italy) quite a bit for authentic Italian food. I was skeptical as to what an Scottsdale authentic Italian restaurant would be. My first impression of Marcellino's was superb. A very somber and intimate setting. And listening to live entertainment. Already I was impressed. For the life of me I cannot remember my servers name and I that's a let down because he was superb!! He made me and my company's night all the more enjoyable with his personality and his knowledge of the menu. What happened next was something that I have never seen before and it really added a class act to my experience here. He came to our table with a plate full of the pastas that were made for the day, with a detailed explanation of each type. Very impressive. He also went over each special of the night in great detail, leaving me with no questions to ask him. After several minutes of glaring at the menu, and thinking about the dinner specials offered, I went with the dinner special of Lamb Ragu over Pappardelle.  My counterpart ordered their Fettuccine Contadina from their Handmade Pasta selection. After several more minutes of conversation and eating bread with a roasted red pepper spread, which was to die for, our meals came to us piping hot, and smelling of ecstasy. My first bite, I was in love! This was incredibly good. The pasta was cooked perfectly Al dente, and who does not love freshly made pasta?! My Lamb Ragu was divine. I could have eaten about three plates of this dish myself, it was that good. My friends dish was also superb. Again freshly made pasta, with top quality produce, not overly done, which is the Italian way. Keep it simple. Although I didn't get a chance to have dessert, because I was stuffed from bread and pasta, I did see several desserts trailing through the dining room. They all looked to die for. Marcellino's totally exceeded my expectations for authentic Italian food. I see too many Italian restaurants which typically serve all the same items, i.e. Chicken, Veal, Eggplant Parmesans, and Marsalas, but Marcellino's didn't offer these which was a sigh of relief, and makes me intrigued on going back and trying the other delights that they offer. I would say that this place would be more suited for a date atmosphere than for big groups. It has a sexy, intimate vibe to it. Feel free to disagree with me on that. With all that being said, I will be back again, REAL soon! Enjoy!!
3	I hate to rain on everyone's 5 stars parade but...We had a late dinner.  One of us had the gnocchi Sorrentina, one had the Scialatielli alle Vongole (clams).  Followed by a shared ricotta cheesecake and a cappuccino.We both agreed that their handmade pasta was among the best we've ever had.  The gnocchi was particularly light and tasty.But...- If you've ever bought freshly made pasta at a farmer's market, and cook it at home al dante, the results is not that different.- The fresh bread was cold, borderline stale.- The famous spread for the bread was good, but nothing to write home about.- The Italian cheesecake with ricotta was very good, but not quite what you get in Italy or even a good NY restaurant.- Otherwise the cappuccino was exceptional, world-class, no exaggeration.- Service was very good although the waiter could have been Parisian... probably from Rome though.  Now you may think those comments are a little harsh.  Not really given the tab of $77.   Perhaps if we had come with a bigger appetite and tripled the bill, we would have had a better experience.   But I don't think I'm willing to take that kind of risk.
5	I first went to Marcellino Ristorante, on a recommendation from strangers, by playing hookie when I was a sophomore in college, not long after they'd opened. It was an expensive lunch, since I had three courses and ordered one of their specials, but it was very good, and Sima, who runs the front of the place, was delightful. I came back a couple times and was just blown away by how good everything was. My early enthusiasm was borne out with its various New Times awards, and it has been my pleasure since then to turn many satisfied people on to what is without a doubt the best Italian restaurant in Arizona, and in my opinion one of the best overall. The place's new location does it justice, although those of us prone to nostalgia miss the old one. I spent most of the last three years overseas, and when I was back visiting home, Marcellinos was always my top priority, and never disappointed me. Everything that they make is excellent, though I'm particularly attached and addicted to their thick, short, toothsome Pacatelli pasta with ragu di salsiccia , which is generously available at a discount for lunch.  I don't know whether or not anyone can say that it is "perfect" pasta, but I would wager a lot that there is no pasta that is better. It is flawless. As close to the platonic ideal as we can get. The same could probably be said of their tiramisu. Unfortunately it's not possible anymore to spend an afternoon drinking wine and espresso and smoking cigars on their patio, but that was only ever just icing on the cake.
3	This restaurant had hardly anyone here for lunch today and I think I know why...the prices are too expensive.  All of the special pastas were $35-$38...for lunch!  The atmosphere is nice, the service was good and the food was tasty, but just too expensive!  Ended up splitting a spinach salad and a pasta and the portion was perfect for two!
5	The FOODwas good! My friends ordered the Filet Mignon with median rare and Lamb Chop; they were awesome! Their homemade pasta special was impressive as well. We also had a bottle of white wine that the waiter introduced to us. The wine was very good just that i can't remember the name of it :PAlso, we celebrated for one of the friends' birthday today! The restaurant was really thoughtful that they personalized our dessert for our birthday girl:)Wonderful SERVICE! Other than the delicious food and birthday cake, I love the service that Marcellino Ristoante had! Their waiter was really professional when introducing the food and recommending the wine. The AMBIANCE was really good for special occasion like birthday, anniversary or date =)
4	The food is truly wonderful. Homemade pasta and soups. I had zucchini soup that was not made with cream, but pureed, so it was lighter and very  tasty. The half order of ravioli included 2 large squares that was plenty for lunch. Very tasty with a light butter sage sauce.  Better than any pasta I have had before! Even in Italy. The atmosphere is Tuscan with nice decorations. My only wish is that their lunch items were priced a little less. Lunch is pricey. It would be a wonderul dinner place. The service was amazing.
5	When you have grown up loving and appreciating food, and have travelled extensively here in the U.S. as well as abroad, and wanted to dedicate your life to the creative process of preparing food at an early age, and already having lived many decades, it came as a wonderful shock to be so impressed and taken with a local restaurant after eating there for the first time!My daughter and son-in-law gave us a gift certificate last Christmas for Marcellino Restorante located in Scottsdale,  which was about to expire on June 21st.  Couldn't let that happen, so the wife and I decided to go on a Saturday to avoid evening rush hour traffic.  After reading many reviews on Yelp, and in the AZ Republic, I knew it was considered a very good choice for an Italian meal.  Well I have to say it was a very good choice no matter what the cuisine!  During the 48 hour period after we ate there, we constantly had thoughts during the day and dreams during the night about how tasty and wonderful the food was.  We don't think this has ever happened to us before.  The restaurant was classy, attractive and comfortable, the wait staff friendly, knowledgable and efficient, not at all stuffy or obtrusive.  I enjoyed the double layer of linen tablecloths adorning our table. We ordered their special blend of iced tea, a black tea with lavender, apricot and rose hips,  unusally tasty, an uncommon occurance in my experience.  I should have known if I liked the tea so much, the rest had to be exceptional, and it was!  Since their pasta had received rave reviews, and they bothered to bring a large platter of uncooked pastas to the table like many restaurants show off their desserts, we knew we were in for a treat.  We decided to order two pasta dishes,  Gnocchi Sorrentina (described on the menu as "perfectly light potato/pasta dumplings floating in tomato sauce with fresh mozzarella cheese melting within", and Tagliolini Mare e Monte (the tomato sauce had small shrimp, tail on, and mixed mushrooms, with lovely little chunks of tomato).  We told our waiter that we were intending to share the dishes and he brought them out with one half of each pasta dish on our plates, pre-shared you might say.  There was an unbeliveable explosion of flavors in our mouths, the pasta cooked perfectly al dente.  We were like two little kids in a candy store, oohing and aahing as we cleaned our plates.  Next followed our one shared entree,  Salmone in Crosta di Porcini e Porri, described on the menu as "Atlantic salmon dipped in porcini (mushroom) flour and sauted with fresh leeks and cognac".  Ordered slightly beyond medium, the fish couldn't have been cooked any more perfect!  I am drooling as I write this review, I can't help myself.  The fish was served with semi crunchy sticks of zucchini and fluffy mashed potatos with a little branch of fresh rosemary sticking up like a miniature tree. We continued to hum throughout this meal.  To finish this gastronomic orgasm I had a double decaf expresso and the wife had their blend of decaf coffee and our dessert choice, a chocolate mousse with fresh strawberries topped with whipped cream.  It was unbelievable how each plate outdid the next!Chef Marcellino Verzino greeted us as we were leaving and I told him he was a "flavor magician" whose magic will be long remembered.  Until you have eaten here, you haven't really eaten "real Italian pasta"!
5	We had a large group of 18 for dinner Saturday night. Marcellino would personally come out from the kitchen after every course and
5	The new location for this long time Valley favorite is in Old Town Scottsdale on Restaurant row right accross from Cowboy Ciao.  This used to be Digestiff.  The Marcellino's people have done a wonderful job of creating an entirely different attidtude on this side of Stetson Drive.  Still very cool, very ambient, very laid back and not at all pretentious, but still different experience.The thick cranberry colored drapesgive an old world quality to the mostly urban brickwork comprising most of the walls.  lit mostly by chandeliers and candlelight, the interior is warm, intimate and easy. No garish paintings or stereo typical florentine towers to be seen.  Well, there was a small reproduction of Rome's " Mouth of Truth" bolted to the wall next to the entry that kept staring down at me.  I liked it.  It brought back happy memories of Rome.We would be experiencing the Tasting menu ($75 with 3 courses and 3 pairings)  Our server, Scott, made sure we had no food allergies or road blocks towards anything in particular.  A small cheese, olive and salami plate arrived first, compliments of the Chef.  Scott then proceeded to send over dish after dish of amazing Italian classics , like the large, single handmade ravioli stuffed with ricotta and spinach bathed in an almost invisible butter sauce.  There was also some unexpected delights like the polenta strips topped with a chunky portobello reduction and the perfectly portioned filet mignon.  Each was delightfully different and kept our pallettes busy with incredible flavors and textures.Wine pairings were also carefully selected and added that supreme finish to each plate. The tasting menu with pairings are always different, so you can simply come in sit down and relax and be taken care of. No regretful commitments to be made.After four courses, with 3 wine pairings we were quite content to fold up our napkins and call it quits, but there was still more!  Scott finished us off with a beautiful Tiramisu accompanied with freshly whipped cream that was ablaze and courted with artfully sliced strawberries.  The Tiramisu was light, airy and delicately creamy.Live music on Saturday nights differs from week to week from opera to jazz to Sinatra.  This Sunday evening we had a mixture of Sade and other light jazz simmering from the sound system.A wonderful evening was had and will be remembered.  thank you Marcellino's!
5	Love this place ! The owners are very friendly and make you feel welcome. It feels like you're in a NYC Italian restaurant. :-)Food is creative and delicious . Service is great. We keep coming back ! You really should try it.Either as a couple or as a group - this place works.
4	As exquisite a fine dining experience as can be, all of that without the usual pretense that fine dining can bring. In this day and age and let's not forget, lean economic times; it is refreshing to find white tablecloth, knowledgeable wait staff, welcoming hosts etc...Chef Marcellino and charming wife Sima did a magnificent job updating the space previously leased by gastropub Digestif. The beautiful wood stayed accented by cozy and sooth lighting.Marcellino throws a twist to fine dining Italian that other chefs have not dared venturing to risk. Everything is made from scratch ans sure taste like it. The portions perfectly sized to allow enjoyment of all the ingredients without getting bloated.The owners are very warm and welcoming and are very true to their craft. The kitchen is impeccable.
1	My fiance and I were vacationing to Arizona in June 2011.  We are not from the area so we like to get local recommendations and find some great places through yelp. After our awful experience here, I just had to sign up on yelp and tell everyone my our experience (do not disregard because I am new to giving my opinion on yelp).We had no reservations but that doesn't mean you have to give us such a bad attitude when we asked for a table?  Yet, I think they gave us the worst table because we had no reservations?  Literally 2 mins after we were seated, they seated 2 older men right next to us and we might as well been a table of 4!  They were so close and so loud that we were part of their conversation.  How romantic.  The places wasn't even full and there were empty tables!Nice selection of fresh made pasta...But I ended up ordering a dish from their regular menu, Red Linguine Portifino with shrimps and scallops.  The sauce just ok and wasn't even that spicy. And what scallops?  There were barely any in the dish.  And the shrimps...are you kidding me?  They were tiny and with the full tail on which was like half the shrimp because they were so small.  I've been to many fancy italians restaurants and when I order an expensive past dish, I expect not to spend most my time picking the tail off with my knife and fork.  What a pain.  Funny thing is, then loud man sitting next to us order the same dish.  Instead of using his fork and knife, he simply put the whole shrimp in his mouth and used his fingers to pull the tail out.  How classy!!  I almost forgot to add, it was nice one of the chef's walked around and said hello and asked how everything was but if you are going to do that, why exclude CERTAIN tables?  Very rude.All in all, for the expensive price we paid for dinner, I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND it!
5	The experience at Marcellino Ristorante is perfect and I love their new location in Scottsdale!
5	The concierge at the Hotel Valley Ho told us that this was one of the finer and better Italian restaurants in Town - she was right.Having dined around the world, this is by far in my top 5 of all time Italian restaurants.1. Atmosphere - cozy, intimate and great Italian music2. Fresh made pasta - do I need to say more3. A wine list that rivals any 5 star hotel selection4. Service, Service, Service - Phenomenal wait staff5. The Chef - Marcellino knows his stuff, great character.Tips - Ink infused fettuccine with Lobster is probably the best dish I have had in years. Order the rare but 100 point Barollo - It is worth the $ 200.00 a bottle.But again - service, service, service.Finally a restaurant that does everything right.
5	Finally checked out Marcellino at their Scottsdale location for the first time.  It's as good as it always has been and the new location offers more space and a nice ambiance. The food is still great, the service was very warm, and the whole atmosphere is still inviting and cozy.  I had feared their move to Scottsdale would cause it to become overly trendy and lose focus, but I far undersold Marcellino and his team.  And despite having great food, the prices are quite reasonable.  Having dined in Italy recently, I can say the experience here was on par with that and hope to I to return soon.
5	Wonderful meal, beautiful atmosphere. The chef is a true Italian, all the pastas were homemade infused with amazing ingredients.
3	The food was good but it was not over the top.  The service was excellent and so was the ambiance of the place.  The chef would not modify any of the dishes and if you wanted to just add chicken to a pasta dish, you got to pay for an entire chicken dinner.  The waiter laer cam eback and sid he reduced the charges on "only" $15 for the chicken breasts. The prices are high but the dishes are unique.  You won't find lasagna here or chicken parm, just some very unique pasta dishes.  It was great to experience it once but I don't have any desire to go back.
5	Chef Marcellino has a true passion for cooking and it really comes through in his food. I haven't had a bad dish yet. Scallops in pesto, Gnocchi and an amazing selection of fresh made infused pastas. Staff is amazing and very knowledgeable.
4	I came here for a late lunch and ordered the lunch special (you can replace the wine with an additional appetizer).  The highlight of the meal was definitely the mussels in white wine appetizer.  The mussels were extremely fresh and tender, and the broth they were cooked it was so delicious that my entire family kept dipping the bread into my bowl.  The pastas are handmade and good.  Many of them have interesting additions (sun dried tomatoes, sweet potatoes), etc.
5	It took me a very long time to find an Italian restaurant in the Phoenix area that I really enjoyed.  I had all the usual suspects in Scottsdale and Phoenix recommended to me, to varying degrees of success.  Most of them were good, but nothing that I would rather go to, than just make my own food at home.  A friend finally brought me to Marcellino's about 5 years ago, back when they were in North Phoenix (I miss that little place).  Since the first day I went, Marcellino has been serving some of the best handmade pasta that I have ever had.  But my absolute favorite are his lamb chops and filet.  With so many favorites to choose from, it's easier most days to just order the chef's tasting menu, which usually includes a duo of my some of my favorite appetizers (scallops, or mushroom polenta, or some buffalo mozzarella and tomato, etc.), a duo of pastas and a carne or a duo.  Not only is the food amazing, there is one server here in particular who always makes me feel like family, Scottie.  His knowledge of the menu, food, wine and the restaurant is flawless and his warm demeanor is incredibly welcoming.  His service takes this place a notch above the rest.
5	We were in town for a weekend away and our hotel book the reservation.  This place was amazing from the moment we sat at the bar to the time we waddled out of the joint 2 hours later.The bar:  Classic, perfectly lit, bartender was about as good as it gets (and I can't remember his name).  We had a great bottle of white (Italian) with our friends and chatted with the bartender about dinner suggestions.  Was pleased that of all the items on the menu he actually walked us through many, he asked us questions about what we like and steered us appropriately.Getting to the food:  It was the first week of October and we chose to sit outside....ahhh, perfect.  The only hiccup of our entire experience came when 10 minutes after seating us we still hadn't been approached by a server.  We flagged the hostess (What's the right way to call the person who greets you, seats you and is one of the owners?) and she couldn't stop apologizing.  What was great was that instead of sticking one of the waiters on us, she saw how much fun we had at the bar and had the bartender act as our server as well.Food:  Needless to say we all were guided to wonderful dinner choices.  I can honestly say that this was the absolute best pasta-centric meal I've ever eaten.  Mine had 1/2 a lobster, an amazing sauce and other goodness in it.  Is it possible for pasta to melt in your mouth?  Mine did.  The other 3 at the table had the same experience.  We also had a wonderful tour of Italy via the wine that was paired with things.  Dessert was amazing as well.Marcellino had the quaintness of a family owned place combined with the experience and food quality of a fine restaurant.  I cannot say enough about the quality of the food and the service.  If you have the chance, go there!
5	My husband and I adore Marcellino's. If you are looking for a special evening out for Italian food, look no further. This is not your family-style restaurant, it's high end with amazing homemade pastas, fresh salads, spotless service, truly a wonderful experience. From the time you make a reservation, you are greeted with warmth, just as if you were invited into their home. We have followed them from their old location in north Phoenix to the new in Scottsdale. Somehow they were able to keep the intimacy of the smaller restaurant to their new, larger location. My only complaint is that the restaurant is so dark it makes reading the menus difficult (they should offer flashlights or invest in backlit menus).We have had two company parties at their restaurant. They easily cater to large groups. Our food arrived steaming hot all at once (incredible for a party of 13).I wish I could recommend a favorite dish, but my favorite is whatever I ordered during my last visit! You can't go wrong with any of the dishes. The bar is we'll stocked and he makes great mixed drinks. Definitely arrive a few minutes early to start off at the bar before being seated for your meal.
2	I do not understand how this restaurant has such high rating anywhere! I am Italian and LOVE good Italian food and make it homemade myself... I took my boyfriend to Marcellino for his Birthday and was thoroughly disappointed in almost EVERYTHING! First, on a positive note, it is a beautiful location and great atmosphere... Perfect for a romantic date.Second, the negative... I do not know how they managed to make a salad taste bad, but they did... It tasted bitter and bland and lacking any real preparation. Then their pasta... There was no flavor or depth or excitement at all! I don't know about you, but Italian food is supposed to warm you from the inside out and fulfill all your senses from sight to smell and of course taste!When we finished the meal, the waiter asked us how it was, and I told him I really was not impressed and disappointed after expecting something much more. He quickly got defensive and proceeded to quote all the "awards" and "ratings" they have received and when I mentioned I was Italian, he said the food I was used to but be from a different region. He was rude and un-accommodating.I have no problem paying $20-$30 per plate, but only if there is quality to back it up. Do not waste your time or money if you are anticipating FABULOUS Italian food, but if you don't mind paying for a nice atmosphere and mediocre, overpriced food, then Marcellino might be your place.
5	My husband and I just had dinner there this evening - I cannot even begin to tell you how amazing the service was ... our waitress, Paula, was fabulous!!  She grew up in Rome ( I grew up in Milan)... She could not have been any friendlier and informative on the specials...Meanwhile, Salvatore "Sal" (the owner) ...I have a secret crush on...he treated us like royalty - we spoke Italian...he gave us a grappaAND the piano player!! He was fabulous!!NOW HONESTLY...where can you get AMAZING italian food, fabulous, friendly service, reasonable prices, great wine AND an extremely talented pianist!!!BRAVO!!!
3	ok...so we had dinner here tonight based on all the fabulous reviews on this site. I have to wonder what all the posters were thinking. I'm sure these are all people who feel if something is expensive and overpriced, then that translates to exceptional.First off, the service was almost non existent and the most I can say is that everyone we encountered from the hostess to the waiter who took our order, is that they were very cold and almost arrogant - the farthest thing from friendly service.We ordered mussels in the red sauce as an appetizer. Very ordinary and the sauce had hardly any taste at all. Some of the mussels were actually empty shells.Next we ordered the green salad with balsamic vinagerette. Really now, $10 for what amounted to  bag salad greens - with nothing else - accompanied with what i assume plain bottled dressing.Our entrees weren't bad, but not great either - again, just ordinary. All in all, the entire meal was so mediocre, we didn't even want to mess with ordering dessert.The "ambiance" was nothing to write home about..I really have to scratch my head at all the 4 and 5 star reviews. Not terrible...just way overpriced for what it is...For their prices, I expected to have a phenomenal meal.
5	Just an incredible experience. We dine out a lot for business and we had visited Marcellino at its prior location in North Phoenix, but had not visited the Old Town Scottsdale location. So, we decided it was time to try that location, and wow, what a killer meal and evening we had!If you're not familiar, Marcellino features a dazzling authentic Italian menu with house-made pastas such as squid ink fettuccine, and a great wine selection. We had an incredibly fresh and creamy buffalo mozzarella and also the Scallop al Pesto. I enjoyed a delicious ravioli filled with pureed choice beef, and one of our guests enjoyed a stunning seafood fettuccine with half a Maine lobster. Beautiful dishes. The three hours simply blew by, and our server Jeff was a true delight. I highly recommend Marcellino!!
3	I dined here a couple of weeks ago for a friends birthday. I have to admit that the thought of handmade pasta had me all excited. I thought the atmosphere was nice although it was a tad dark in there...I do actually like to see my food. I found the display of dishes that they bring to your table kind of weird...I don't need to see it...just describe it to me. I also felt like having 6 specials to go over is a bit much...I'm not huge on lengthy waiter/diner interaction - I go to restaurants with either my boyfriend or family or friends and that's who I want to talk to. I'm always polite and I tip well but I don't want to spend all of my time hearing about the menu. As for the food - I have absolutely  no doubt that they use the highest quality ingredients. I had the gnocchi and while it was obviously  made well the flavor didn't blow me away. Potato dumplings are not exactly bursting with flavor so you need a sauce that tastes awesome - this was just a basic marinara and some mozzarella mixed in. I honestly far preferred the gnocchi dish they served at PastaBar downtown...I have not found anything that compares. Obviously this is a good restaurant and I don't mean to take away from that but for me it just wasn't a hit - especially considering the cost.
2	Overpriced entrees, underwhelming food. My wife and I made a trip to Scottsdale to enjoy some warm weather and down time this spring. We wanted a good meal for our last night and were encouraged to read some of the reviews of this place. Owned by Italians, homemade pastas -- sounded right up our alley. Unfortunately, we were significantly disappointed. We both had pasta specials (I had the parpadelle w/ lamb ragu and she had the squid ink pasta w/ half a lobster, clams and mussels). I'm not one to complain about prices but I do have a problem with places charging big prices only to severely miss the mark on flavor. The parpadelle and squid ink pasta were $40 and $50 respectively. The parpadelle is a dish that even the swankiest restaurants in NYC charge $20 at most for. The squid ink claimed to have "1/2 of a whole lobster" but we could only find a few bits of overcooked tail in it. Skimping on the lobster left a terrible impression with me and led me to believe that they're pulling a fast one on us. This feeling was further validated after the waiter came by to inform us that he asked the chef to remove the meat from the shell so "the lady wouldn't have to get her hands dirty." When the dish came, we were shocked when we didn't find an ounce of claw meat in the dish. Finally, but most importantly, the flavor. The parpadelle was decent but the "fresh, homemade pasta" was way too thick. About twice the thickness that I've ever eaten (in even the crappiest of places). The thickness of the pasta coupled with the fact that it did not seem like they ever finished the noodles in the sauce left both dishes very unbalanced. Heavy on the pasta -- even though they had a heavy handed approach to the sauce.Aside from the pastas, we had the cheesecake and gelato - both of which were more disappointing than the pastas. The cherry on the top? The cheesy lounge singing performer at dinner. Really? Am I in a vegas lounge? Save the money and your palette. I'm sure there are other excellent places in Scottsdale -- I was only hoping Marcellino's was one of them. Unfortunately, it wasn't and the only folks benefitting are the owners that should be ashamed of the dishes they're putting out there.
4	I was with a very large group that they handled very well.  Each most of us ordered one of the specials and all were great with freshly made pasta.  Excellent service.
5	That's right, it is woohoo as good as it gets!This place is perfect for a celebration dinner with some special people.  After it was over, I wanted to bring everyone I love here to have a great experience - it's that freaking good!The food was excellent.  The table shared some mozzarella & prosciutto and caprese.  I had the scialatielli alle vongole, the handmade pasta was out of this world delicious and top it off with amazing clams *drool*.  Oh, I can't forget the wine, the wine was actually the best part believe it or not, I can't recall all the names because like I said, it was a celebration dinner, but one stuck out "CUM LAUDE" haha, it still makes me giggle.The service was also excellent, that coupled with the romantic decor and ambiance make this a 5 star dinning establishment, well, in my opinion anyway.
5	By far and away the best Italian food in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  I have been going to this restaurant for the longesdt time and will not eat Italian food anywhere else.Pasta made fresh every day and knowledgable and attentive workers around to make certain everything is perfect.Make a reservation and be sure to be there on Saturday nights as the live music will make you want to stay for hours.  The singer has a fantastic voice with great traditional songs
4	Absolutely amazing.  Pricey but worth it.  The veal parmigiana is to die for, and my husband's chicken marsala looked great as well.  The desserts were delicious, the garlic bread was delicious, the pasta was out of control... The owner is so friendly and he came over to the table to talk to us.  The service was impeccable.  I cannot recommend it highly enough if you are in the scottsdale az
2	I have been waiting to try this restaurant for a while.  I decided to take my wife to celebrate a special occasion.  Restaurant has a great atmosphere and the service was very good.  Everything on the menu is overpriced.  The homemade pasta is fresh and perfectly cooked.  The flavor of the pasta dishes we ordered were good, but not great.  I ordered the pappardelle in a lamb ragu.  Ragu was salty.  My wife ordered the linguini with lobster.  Lobster was a bit rubbery and dish had very little flavor.  I will not return.
4	My husband and I stumbled across this place while walking around downtown on a Friday night. It was the ambiance of the restaurant that attracted us, romatic, dimly lit with an outdoor patio. When we walked up to the hostess, we told her we did not have a reservation, though would like to sit for dinner. She was extremely rude, annoyed, and walked away. I actually looked at my husband and started to leave the restaurant, until the waiter nearby caught what happened and seated us on the patio. The food was amazing-- the gnocchi was so soft and tender, best ever. My husband ordered some special mushroom infused pasta.. It was also delicious. I would definitely return, next time making sure I have a reservation I guess.
4	The BF and I stopped here for lunch one day during the week.  There was only one other table there...and with so many of the other places nearby really busy, we were a little skeptical.  We were not disappointed!  The service was wonderful, the food was wonderful, the bread and dipping sauce they bring out is wonderful!  I think the reason it was so empty is because it is a bit pricy....for lunch.  We loved it though.  I look forward to going back!
1	Pros: cute Nice wAit staffCons: price 35+ per plateTaste: bland and under done meat cooked wrongLighting: very dark Cold plates and food.When two plates were taken back for taste they showed up anyway on our billWhen we had an issue with our food the manager only came to the table once, the chef never came out, the food was solid OK if we were at applebees this would still only be three starsSave e $$
1	The worst ever!  Our food was cold and tasteless. A group of us were celebrating our daughters graduation from law school.  There were 8 of us and the restaurant was not busy.  All of our food was served cold, obviously it had sat in the kitchen.  We sent back two meals and they brought tasteless pasta dishes and kept the two expensive meals on the bill. They left the table with our  dirty dishes sitting in front of us for 40 minutes.  Once we were not happy our server disappeared as did the other staff. Due to our daughters tears when we complained, as it was her choice of restaurant and she felt responsible, we let it go and paid our bill.  I wrote them after and have gotten NO response from them.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY AT THIS RESTAURANT!!!!
5	Excellent service and food.   Black ink pasta with seafood is delicious.  Try the mozzarella with tomatoes.  Parking can be a little challenging but there are valet options close.
5	Marcellino's was an amazing romantic dinner experience.  I had their fresh pasta w/mushroom truffles and lobster.  The combination was amazing.  I also had the white wine that's made by a friend in Italy.  It was tantalizing and really lingered on my pallet.  The homemade tiramisu was a blissful ending to dinner.  The staff is attentive and very helpful.
5	Best pasta I have ever had. Don't go there if you're looking for a two-pound chicken parm or endless breadticks.
5	HANDS DOWN THE BEST ITALIAN RESTAURANT I HAVE EVER BEEN TO.Marcellino's has the most romantic atmosphere I have ever seen in a restaurant. Tucked away in Scottsdale, this little gem is the real deal. In fact, it took me extra long to order because the entire menu was in Italian. The place holds 2 bars, intimate seating in both booths and sperate tables for dates and romantic getaways. Candle-lit tables, attentive wait staff, fancy place settings, live music, etc. This place has it all. I went here on a (not so great) first date with a guy I met at a bar and he easily dropped $200 on 2 appetizers, fancy water, 4 beers, 2 gigantic entrees and dessert plus (hopefully) a generous tip. I had the stuffed torteillini because I am a total sucker for lots of pasta. Expecting it to come in a bowl of a bunch of smaller shells, it was actually 4 very large rolls drinched in this heavenly white sauce. I loved it... and so did my date, he ate off my plate. We also order the capriesse salad which came with a beautiful, ripe tomato and a fat slice of parmesan too. The dressing was light but flavored enough that not much pepper was needed. I cannot wait to go back to this place... on a different date with a different guy. But only if he's paying!
5	This is my absolute favorite Italian restaurant in Phoenix.  We go here for our birthdays, anniversaries, etc... any special occasion is a reason to go to Marcellino (or just no occasion other than date night)!  What do we love?  The fresh pasta presentation at the beginning of the meal is so fun.  The food is always exceptionally tasty.  The ambiance is lovely.  The owner and his wife walk around the restaurant to ensure that everyone is enjoying their meal - and everyone always looks very happy.The have live music on most nights as well which makes the entire space feel very intimate.  They also have this great private booth you can reserve for special occasions.  I can't say enough good things about Marcellino.  It's our "GO TO" place in Phoenix.
5	We heard about Marcellino from a hotel consierge and wondered if it would be as nice as it was described... punch line, it was and I recommend it for anyone who like great, authentic Italian cuisine - the food was terrific, the service was top notch, and Marcellino is a wonderful person. He doesn't pander to people; instead he understands the beauty of well-prepared food and hopes people will discover this for themselves
3	I think Marcellino's will get a second chance for a special occasion.  I visited the restaurant based on seeing it on Check Please Arizona.  The food is obviously made fresh and was excellent but I felt a little overpriced based on other excellent restaurants in the area.  Although the atmosphere was romantic, I had a hard time reading the menu and the bill using just the votive candle on the table.  There has to be a better way!
4	I started going here when they were on Northern and haven't looked back.  I'm not sure why they have a menu as the star of the show is the fresh made pasta.  They bring it by on a plate and tell you what is fresh for the day .  Porcini infused with lobster is hard to pass up but sometimes they have squid ink with seafood which is my favorite. Service and dessert are middle of the road but I'm there for the pasta!
4	Went with my wife for just dessert. Had one of the best tiramisu. Live music was great. Bit pricey.
5	Sadly, I missed dinner service here so a couple of associates and I grabbed a late-night dessert at this lovely Italian restaurant.We were very impressed with the atmosphere of this restaurant. Although we chose to sit outside, the location proved to be very hidden and private-- perfect spot to take your date! Our server was perfect and extremely attentive. Even though he knew we were only ordering desserts, he still took the time to go through their best options. We decided to go with a couple glasses of wine, some coffee, and a Tiramisu to share. The attention on our table was never lost, in fact, as the night grew chilly, our server came back and helped move a heat lamp closer to our table to keep warm.The Tiramisu was excellent and I'm truly sorry to say I wasn't able to experience more of their great food! Will definitely be back on the next trip!
5	This is the single best restaurant in Arizona. I have been here several times and it is consistently delicious. Eating at the chef's island is lots of fun, Chef Marcellino is great. The servers are on the ball. This restaurant is 5 star.
4	This place is a pretty solid 4 stars!Great location and ambiance, friendly service and great food.I ordered the caprese salad which was phenomenal. I usually like balsamic vinegar with it, but I didn't dare to ask for some (maybe next time).I also had the Fetuccini Contadina which was pretty good.Tiramisu and coffee were also outstanding.   My friend had an out of the menu pasta with pork belly which was pretty good although a little too salty from my point of view.The wine menu (by the glass) has only Italian options. Although it's an Italian restaurant, I would appreciate certain variety (but this is just a preference).BTW, the bathrooms are clean, and with a great decor.Cheers.
2	Over rated and over priced. I've been here a number of times and never been impressed with any of the specials or their homemade pastas either. Every time I left however, I was reminded of how expensive it is, especially if you go with chef and waiter recommendations.  We also have a hard time understanding why the owner/chef will not make guest request changes to any of the entrees.  For example, if someone wants a different sauce with their pasta or their entree prepared a certain way, why would the owner refuse to do so ?  I've seen this happen twice at this restaurant and both time guests have been put in unpleasant positions while ruining their dining experience.    Its too bad that there are not that many great italian restaurants in the Phoenix - Scottsdale area, and Marcellino's falls into that category as well.
5	Best Italian Food In the City!!!My parents were in from out of town and we have a huge family dinner at Marcellino's Ristorante. Among our party of 9 we had two toddlers with us.  The staff was able to create dishes for these fussy eaters as well as meeting and exceeding the cravings of the entire group. The wine list is all Italian wines but I would totally recommend the Sor Ugo and Gavi di Gavi We started with the appetizer feature with soft mozzarella and prosciutto which was AMAZING!! The Santa Lucia was fantastic with half a lobster and a variety of shell fish. I was barely able to taste the tortelloni that one of my family members had gotten becuase while we are all family we dont share.  Dessert was no exception to the meal and dont expect to see cannoli's on this menu, traditional Italian dessert is what you will find.  Ricotta cheese cake, Tiramisu, Gelato, were just a few of the desserts that hit our table.  Chef Marcellino and his wife Sima also stopped by the table which made the night that much more special.  Thank you to all of the staff chefs and servers a like for making our night extra special
5	Fresh pasta and high quality ingredients make all the difference. This place has the best bucatini amatriciana, heck maybe anywhere. It isn't just good for AZ. It's actually good. Seriously this compares to east coast Italian. Everything was cooked perfectly. The party I was with consumed a great deal of wine, and seemed to approve of the list. Deserts (cheesecake, tiramisu) were also pretty great. Service was attentive.
2	The atmosphere is beautiful and service was excellent.  Unfortunately, the food was less than mediocre.  Ravioli special with spinach and ricotta was like sand, pasta was hard,marinara with sausage, pasta under cooked, wouldn't return.
4	Good food and service. Would definitely go back.
4	Went to Marcellino with a large dinging group (about 18 people).  We were seated promptly even though we didn't have a reservation.  Our waiter was very good about keeping all of our orders separate, and he was even able to prepare separate checks for each person in the party.  Excellent service.Restaurant was very dark, but from what I could see seemed to be nicely decorated.  It was not too noisy.  I had the Strozzaprete ai Broccoli di Rape.  The pasta was supposed to be two colors, but I had trouble seeing it in the dim dining room.  Although I couldn't see my food, I could taste it, and it did taste delicious!  The noodles were perfectly cooked and nicely chewy.  However, $22.95 seemed like a LOT of money for a bowl of pasta.
5	I had an amazing meal here. Top 3 Italian meals ever. Great service and homemade pastas. Worth the price of admission
5	Walked in on a Sat night.  Very accomodating.  They had a special. 3 corses with wine pairings.  We asked if we could pick the corses and theynchoose the wine.  NO PROBLEM.  Johnny was great!  The lamb shank with pasta was my favorite.  They even had someone softly playing guitar and singing.  Very nice.  Would definitely come back.
2	Marcellino. This is supposed to be one if not best Italian restaurant in town. I was very disappointed in their specialty - the fresh pastas - Many classic dish are offered and many different cut of pasta. The quality doesn't justify the stiff prices. Just ok!
4	Very impressed with the pasta special.Big portions and quality food. The live music was a perfect volume and waiters were very attentive.The only complaint that I have is the mediocre seating. I would recommend this to anyone craving Italian food.
4	Great place. Loved it. Good starters loved every bite. Pasta fantastic. And lastly loved the Tiramisu. Will be back
5	Great food.  Top 1 or 2 restaurants in az for Italian. Atmosphere is fun, decent wine list.  I make it here once a month.
1	We have just finished a dinner at the Citizen Public House and were still not just feeling like going home yet. Maybe grabbing another drink and a little bite to eat before we go home. It was after 9pm Saturday night. We naturally strolled around Marcellino's on our way back to garage and I said: "What about trying this before we go?!" Told the hostess we are looking for a drink and maybe a little bite to eat and we would not mind sitting at the bar. She told us nothing is available for another 45 mins, and she asked if we are going to eat food...?! We said we have already finished our dinner but would not mind to taste a bit of their cuisine and inquired about sitting on a patio or at the bar. There were 3 or more 2-place seats at the bar while we were not offered either one of these. With quite a sarcastic voice she told us: WHATEVER MAKES YOU HAPPY. We have decided to follow her suggestion and left the restaurant -  which made us happy.
3	Based on other reviews I expected to be wowed.  It is a nice restaurant but noisy and our pasta was good but not as flavorful as I hoped. Great place for a typical night out but not for a special occasion.
4	Went here for a birthday, we had a excellent time. Food was great and loved the ambience. Great for a date night, very romantic with candles and roses. You also get free bread with a dip which was tasty.  I wasn't a fan of the cheesecake wish it had crust on the bottom. This place also is very pricey and portions weren't that big. Overall great experience and would come back.
2	Mediocre at best. Nothing was outstanding - for the prices, I had much higher expectations.
4	I took my wife and 2 year old here on a whim one day.  They were very nice to us and very happy to seat us with a kid, which in a nice restaurant is always great not to get a dirty look.  The waiter offered to do a half pasta for my little guy.  We loved the pasta.  I had one with braised beef that was so good.  My wife got a mushroom truffle pasta it was amazing.  My little guys gnocchi was a little fancy for him but he are them happily.  All the pasta is home made here.  My wife said it's her new favorite nice iris loan restaurant.   If you're looking for a date night this place is perfect.  Also I forgot to fill out the tip and sign and they came and found me!   I really appreciated them trying to find me instead if just adding whatever tip they wanted.   Great service.  Food came out quickly, and we were extremely impressed.   We're from NJ and NY so good Italian comes at a premium in AZ.   We'll be back!
1	The worst experience in my life. The menu is not clear and the waitress did a horrible job describing the ingredients.
2	Should be renamed Blandini's.  No seasoning.  NONE!We were in a large group & had limited options. Salad was OK.  Spinach Ravioli was two large pieces, but missing sauce & seasoning.It got worse from there.  Our entrees were completely bland.  Absent salt, pepper, and herbs of any kind.  Husband had lamb.  Knowledgeable diner (Cordon Bleu grad) said the "sea bass" was tilapia.  They accomodated me with chicken, it had some tomatoes on it, but just was missing flavor.I'm not sure if they dumbed down their seasoning thinking to aim for something a person from the Midwest would like, but we're from Texas and we were VERY DISAPPOINTED in this food.Can't remember what we had for desert, but it was ample & tasted good.Servers did a good job, considering the size of our group.
2	I am not sure what the hype is.  I went here based on its recommendation in the who's who of restaurants publicized in the So Scottsdale magazine.  It was mediocre, and the ambiance reminded me of eating at Disneyland, you knew it was make believe but you wanted to believe.  I wanted to believe this was going to be a great meal, but instead it was lack luster.
5	My wife and moved from Chicago to Paradise Valley and where  looking for authentic Italian cuisine. All we can say is this is the place! The BEST
4	We love getting our Italian On... and we think this a great gem that we never knew existed.  If you just google "Italian restaurants in Phoenix" this one will always rise to the top.It's tough to find, because there is a Mexican place in front of it.  We had to stop in the street and stare for a second to find it.  We were greeted by Vita who was also our server who gave us a great window seat.    The food was fantastic.  We opted for some of the homemade pasta options (different pastas are made fresh each day) - I had a sundried tomato pasta with a spicy red and with scallops and shrimp.  She tried the gnocchi and the tortellini stuffed with meat.   Everything was perfect.   We would definitely go again.  What's great is we were shopping at the mall and drove here, not really knowing we could walk past olive and Ivy, over the water and we would be there.  We are looking forward to our next mall visit with a darn good lunch.
2	We went for our 5 year wedding anniversary. We had been several times before and the food was memorable. This evening it was nothing like our previous experience. The dishes were all lacking flavor. I ordered the ravioli which I was so looking forward to and I was extremely disappointed. It was lacking flavor and was no where near the tasty dish I remembered from before. We also ordered the clam and muddle appetizer which tasted like rubber doused in water. We left spending $150 and wishing we went to Hillstone or another restaurant for our special evening out.
4	Went Saturday night for drinks and dessert since Franco's Cafe is closed on vacation. We had Tiramisu, it was small to share but very good. The espresso is very well made, short pour with the creme' on top, so made just like in Italy, perfection! We both had a cocktail. I can't remember what my husband had and I had the chocolate.tini We both had the same reaction about the drinks good but we weren't wow'ed and they both were little smaller than we expected for the price. The singer was great and a nice addition to the evening. My husband appreciated that they allowed him to sit outside at  the farthest table from the entrance so he could have a cigar, so I'm sure we will be back.
5	We love this place! We've been a few times and have always had a great time and a fantastic meal. The last time we were there, we had a strange experience with one of the waiters, he seemed completely put out, like he wanted to be somewhere else. We spoke to Sima and she assigned someone else to our table ~ everything was great!!
5	I really enjoy this place the food is good and the service is excellent. Marcellino and his wife are very friendly.. they make you feel at home. My wife and I enjoy the freshly made pasta and seafood. The only thing I miss is the old location...the Scottsdale place is very nice but the old location made you feel that you were some where else plus the opera singers that would attend the old location...omg it was awesome. Don't get me wrong the new place is beautiful but I still miss the old location:(
5	Marcellino Ristorante is a truly excellent Italian restaurant. There are many options especially in Scottsdale for fine dining, especially if one craves Italian cuisine. However, one seldom finds as complete a package as Marcellino. The combination of ambience, charming decor, impeccable service, and flavorful dishes makes this an excellent choice if you are bringing a date or celebarting a special occasion. Try the homemade pasta, trust me it is to die for. They also have a version of chicken saltimboca (can't remember the menu name) that is heavenly. If you dine al fresco, you might get some live music blaring from Tapas Papa Frita, which is either a plus or minus depending on your threshold for music volume. Prices are somewhat high, but is within the expected range for a classy Scottsdale establishment. One downside is that I would not recommend the mussels appetizer as the mussels are tiny. The desserts are homemade and decent although not something I would write home about. Truly the main course is the crown jewel of this establishment's menu, but don't get me wrong - the appetizers and desserts (that we tried) are fine, just not up to the standard of the rest of the restaurant.
5	Great atmosphere, great service (our waiter was most entertaining), impressive wine selection, phenomenal food. Deciding to take advantage of the cooler weather, we enjoyed our meal on the quaint patio. I had the seafood special with squid ink pasta, mussels, clams, calamari and a 3/4 lb. lobster in a spicy marinara sauce. It was easily one of the most enjoyable Italian dishes I've tried yet (and I consider myself to be quite the Italian cuisine connoisseur). I will definitely be back to enjoy this neighborhood gem situated on the Waterfront in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale.
1	we went to Marcellino since it was recommended to us as one of the finest restaurants in Scottsdale. Not so. It probably is the worst food I have ever tasted. The mozzarella was very rubbery like the one bought from a supermarket. Their signature pasta was thick and bland. The pork medallion was totally inedible and the only good item in our order was the wine.At some point the chef/owner came to talk and would no go away till we started to get up. This was definitely frendliness bordering on harassment.
5	My wife and I had an amazing dining experience last night from start to finish for our first time in this amazing restaurant. The ambience, staff, food and drinks were outstanding! The pre dinner cocktails were a perfect start. My wife had the Pure Bliss and I had the Spritz. I felt like I was back in Italy sipping on this refreshing aperitif! Marcellino's home made fresh pasta was nothing short of outstanding. My wife had the Strachetti w truffles and sausage and I had the tortoloni stuffed w filet. Ridiculously good. The home made Tartufo accompanied w an espresso martini was the perfect ending to a perfect night. Our servers Daniel and Mike were excellent as were our bus boys who were pleasant and attentive. Expect to pay but originally being from NYC we are used to these prices. I never mind paying when you have such an amazing date night experience! Grazie mille Marcellino!  We will definitely be back.
2	Very nice atmosphere.  Great bartender!  Food was overpriced for pasta. We sat on the patio and were surprised by the fact that a dog ran into the restaurant (not a service dog) and then the owner picked it up and was seated on the patio.  The owner of the dog processed to kiss the dog at the table tongue and all.  It was unsettling lucky we had already finished our meals.  Very odd that an upscale Scottsdale restaurant would allow this.  We would probably not go back
1	I was so disappointed by the food.  Very bland. .. no flavor.   I had the pork medallions and not only were they overcooked,  but almost not edible...no spices.  My husband had the seafood pasta.. again,  horrid with no flavor. . He had to add salt and a lot of cheese just to get it down.Bread seemed old and the spread they served with it was also tasteless...we asked for butter and it tasted funny... something was just not right. Upside was the wine. . Very good. Needless to say we won't be back.
5	Incredibly delicious, FRESH pasta a culinary pleasure.A must on your schedule of restaurants to visit in Scottsdale.
5	By far, this is the best place for not only food, but atmosphere and music.  The food is divine.  The restaurant is first class and the owners are like your best new friend.  I love this place! Will always bring my family, friends and even by myself.  I am always treated great.  Treat yourself!
1	the really bad italian restaurant in Scottsdale, The chef is snubbing that he do not allow any people to change the side of the plate because he want you to force to buy extra pasta for $16.00 dollars. Please take care when you order the extra ugly and not flavors pasta it is expensive, the any dessert is over $ 15.00 and the bad Espresso is $ 5.00 dollars, I ate on the best Italian  restaurant in Dubai,London,Germany,Italy.But i never ate crap like this i  do not recommended this restaurant. I prefer Tomaso or Tutti santi by Nina .
