5	I highly recommend Lindsay Hunt as a health coach. I have been working with Lindsay for 5 months.  She comes to my home which I really like.  It makes it private and personal.  Lindsay taught me to eat healthier.  She has shown me how to properly read labels.  She gives wonderful suggestions on different food so as not to get bored with what I am eating.  I have fibromyalgia and she has researched different foods that I should or should not eat.  She is always willing to learn more to help her client.I also wanted her to work with me on exercising.  In order to feel comfortable with doing so she got herself certified as a personal trainer.   After traveling for a while my husband asked when I was going to be seeing Lindsay.  He also appreciates the benefits I have received from working with her.  Lindsay is a good listener which is another benefit.  She doesn't make you feel bad if you slip.  I have worked with many diet/weight loss clinics and I have never been happy.  I hate preachy people and that is not Lindsay.Go for it and give Lindsay a shot and be happy like me.
5	Lindsay is an encouraging coach who intimately understands her clients and the areas they need to work on. Lindsay has helped me come up with fun gluten-free, sugar-free recipes while managing my Lyme Disease treatment, keeping a challenging and emotional experience fun and creative. I'm always most impressed with her energy, enthusiasm and commitment to her clients. Plus, she has a breadth of knowledge that will take whatever understand of health you have to the next level. She's amaaaazing.
5	Lindsay is my go to when it comes to health and wellness! Between Lindsay's exceptional knowledge and lively, motivating personality she has a true natural ability to make working out an enjoyable experience. I would highly recommend Lindsay for all your fitness, nutritional, and overall health and wellness needs.Lindsay is truly amazing and inspiring with all that she does; I am so happy to have found such an awesome wellness coach!
5	Just finished a 2-month program with Lindsay, and I'm highly recommending her to my friends and family members!!  She starts by assessing your needs, health history, knowledge, likes and dislikes, and exercise routines.  No matter where you're at with these areas or what your past experience has been, she will motivate and teach you how to take your health to the next level and beyond.  Lindsay does a ton of research on behalf of her clients and loves to answer your questions and provide you with the latest and greatest information on every topic imaginable.  I really appreciated her regular updates with follow-up ideas, recipes, photos, links to research articles, book recommendations, tips, and encouragement.  It takes many things to be a successful coach - - business sense, enthusiasm, knowledge, communication skills, and just loving what you do.  Lindsay is as good as they get!!!
