4	Jordan Valley is a fantastic health and whole foods shop on the Southside, I regularly make detours to drop in when I'm walking about town. It stocks all manner of teas and dried goods (rice, grains, beans, fruits), but the highlights for me are the two refrigerated areas. The large chiller (to your right as you enter the shop) has a great selection of their own brand of veggie dips (hoummous, baba ghanoush, feta), veggie pates (chilli bean, lentil, spinach) and their own pasties (veggie sausage rolls, Mexican bean, sundried tomato and olive etc) - these items are so popular that you can find them stocked in a number of shops around the city, including Real Foods. If you manage to time your visit well, some of these items may have been reduced to 50p, bargain! The refrigerated counter also holds a large amount of goodies; my favourite being the falafel, which are available in a few varieties (including hempseed).Prices here are reasonable, the food is healthy and there are lots of tasty things to choose from. Sorted.
5	Stuck on what tea you might want? Looking for a particular Mediterranean food type you can't find in your local super market?I love to browse in this shop- it has a great selection of teas (some of which I had never heard at all) and it basically serves as a deli of mostly Mediterranean foods- so this is the spot I guarantee for my stock of tahini, feta and halva .They also have a great selection of organic dried products, and a personal fave are the nachos- although pricey they are oh-so-good!They advertise for head,neck and shoulder massages as well, and basically it acts as a live healthier store. The man who works there was friendly enough and does not mind my timely browsing either so win!
5	I am an absolute tea maniac, I will drink any kind of tea I just can't get enough of the stuff. Whenever I travel I have to take a supply of teabags with me just in case I can't find any. Jordan Valley stocks a whole host of tea including my favourite; Yogi Chai which is especially good on a cold winters day. They also stock Yogi rose teabags which are delicious too. I can spend ages looking at all the different teas so thankfully the staff don't mind customers having a leisurely browse and are always friendly and helpful.Last time I was in they'd just mopped the floor and there's a sign outside saying that the floor gets exceptionally slippy when wet - they certainly weren't kidding as I almost went arse over tit, that would have been embarrassing.In addition to tea, Jordan Valley stocks lots of organic health foods such as humus, chickpea spread which is great on toast and various other dips. They have various other foods that you don't usually find in Tesco and if you're looking for something a little bit different then pop in to see what tickles your fancy!
4	It was in this store that I learnt it's not always wise to ask someone where they come from; it's got more implications that it seems! Despite this awkward conversation, I've been back several times and it's got a great atmosphere. The many spices and foods you may never have heard of give it a unique, musty smell and I've noticed it's usually quite dark in here. Jordan Valley is known amongst my friends as the "Palestinian, Indian, Jordanian Store", probably incorrect on many levels, but it gives you an idea of the kind of products they sell. It has to be a very rare tea that you won't find in there, and they've also got an expansive range of exotic (and healthy!) snacks as well. Aside from foodstuff, there's a further section with a variety of organic health products (vitamins, lotions, etc) and I personally frequent this store for their 100% pure olive oil soap; it's a great deal at just a pound a bar.
4	I'm glad I am amongst so many other avid tea lovers with my fellow yelpers. To suggest I am somewhat of a huge tea fan is quite an understatement.And yes Jordan Valley is a great place to stock up your selection of not just regular ordinary teas but speciality tea. I really do enjoy their Yogi Green Tea. Like others there are teas here I not heard of, so I enjoy trying out new stuff.But don't confuse Jordan Valley with a tea shop. Oh no,  that's just a bonus. This shops is actually a health food store/deli specialising in Mediterranean and near east food stuffs. This is where you can get your spices, feta and humus. They also do a great range of general health food sort of thingies, so if you're in the mood for a general healthy grocery shop, you might want to just check out what Jordan Valley has to offer first.With Tescos right next door Jordan Valley does a good job of providing health and speciality foods at (mostly) affordable prices.
5	I like tea. I have a lot of tea. Not everyone appreciates the subtle nuances between Twinings green tea infused with jasmine, Teapigs Green tea with Morocan peppermint, or Yogi's Green tea with peppermint and lemongrass. All entirely different (and those are just some of my green tea collection).I have often times walked by Jordan Valley on the main stretch of Nicholson Street and immediately noticed the vast array of teas in the window. So large is it that you can't really see into the store. I hadn't ever popped in, until very recently.Now I'll admit, I wasn't expecting much. Nicholson Street, you see, is a huge hotch-potch of different stores varying in style and substance. Some are delightful little independents, some are old-fashioned sweet shops with no class but lots of products, some are a bit run down, and some are just plain "no" (Cashino?) I didn't know what to expect from Jordan Valley but in my experience, health food stores and tea stores can be hit or miss when it comes to how they present themselves. They either embrace the slightly-grotty-around-the-edges hippy vibe, which can simply appear run down, or go the other way and make being healthy and cleansed the most expensive thing this side of Princes Street.So what a pleasant surprise to walk into Jordan Valley and be greeted by a large store, full with amazing products, but not cluttered and in fact very well laid out almost like a grocery store. In fact, that wasn't the first thing that greeted me. I heard the owner before I saw anything else, enthusiastically talking with a couple up the front. He was telling them about his cakes, how he makes them, allowing them to sample, discussing politics, Edinburgh, travelling. What a very, very friendly and genuine man.The tea selection did not disappoint. Honestly, if you want good teas stop by here. I was in a bit of a rush to pick up an indian takeaway so coudn't browse at leisure but I intend to go back very soon. There were many hand-made sweets from Turkey, India, Pakistan etc. A cold counter with salads, pakoras, wraps. Divine chocolate. It basically stocked a lot of the in-vogue health store food products but at reasonable prices, and there was a whole section up the back for cooking products, rices, oils, sauces. Like I said, it's like an actual grocery store.The counter up the front was stocked with the owners own cakes. He offered me a piece of the quinoa bar with dates and cocoa nibs to try. It was delicious. Gluten free as well. And vegan. It's that sort of place.I have just realised that myself, Eleanor M and Anna F have all waxed lyrical about this stores tea collection but that isn't exclusively what they do and really only a small percentage. Pop in here for some mid-week meal inspiration, or perhaps just a chat with the owner about politics, Arthur's Seat or baklava. You won't be disappointed.
5	It's peanut butter jelly time!Put it in m'mouth, put it in m'mouth.And weird Lebanese spice time. And haggis flavored tofu time. And choco-covered banana time. And dried fruits and nut time.And rose flavored jelly time. And chick pea curry cous cous time.And canned fried eggplant time.And baggies full of snacks time.And fancy olive oil time.And lots of veggie friendly time. And 200 types of tea time.And pink colored sea salt time.And cheese-ish cheese time.And man behind the counter time.Who gives you free tasting time. Who might just talk your ear off time. But lets you try the seeds time. As a begrudging vegetarian, I am always in a huffed search for alternative stuff I can eat in this city o' potatoes and cheese (note: i f*cking love potatoes and cheese). And man oh man does this place deliver. It has all sorts of Arabic delights, 6 billion flavors of hummus, teas flavored with anything you could imagine - yes - banana crack-cocaine tea, and veggie snacks and treats as far as the eye can see! They also have SKIPPY in a MONSTER sized jar. I won't lie... I come here for the Skippy and leave with the tofu and healthy snacks. It's like a TREASURE CHEST of whole foods in this place.
5	Stumbled across this shop when we visited Edinburgh for the day whilst holidaying nearby.  I love healthfood shops, so just had to go in when I saw it - and I am SOOO glad I did.  Myself and my daughter are veggie, myself and my son are allergic to dairy, so often when we are away from home, our food choices are somewhat limited! We first saw the range of chocolate - many dairy free, so this got us excited straight away.  Then we were spoilt for choice with the flapjack/seed bars; and when we got to the 'fridge and saw the range of pies and pasties I was practically jumping up and down with glee!  After a long time browsing and choosing we went to pay, and was told by the lovely youjng man at the counter that his father made the cakes/bars/pasties etc.  He asked if we liked hummus, which I said I loved, and baba ghannoush, which I said I had never tried.  He then gave us a pot of each, along with a superfood felafel to try.  Everything we bought was absolutely delicious, so much choice - we don't have anywhere like this back home in Yorkshire!  Upon returning home I searched the internet hoping there would be a mail order service, but alas! So I don't know whether that is something you could consider, or alternatively come and open a store down here in Yorkshire, I will happily run it for you - although I am sure I would spend my entire wage on goodies! At approximately 225 miles away, I think it's a little far to do my weekly shop, but would urge anyone visiting Edinburgh to seek out this shop and try out their wares - and oh if you live around my way, bring me some back!
4	I love tea. -  Drinking and buying it! So, it's no surprise I loved Jordan Valley with its tremendous selection of tea. My boyfriend suggested we pop in whilst in the capital since he'd been impressed by their range of teas. And disappointed, I wasn't. I've been amazed by teas in health stores, in tearooms, heck, even supermarkets. But I've never seen as big a tea fest than the one that can be found in Jordan Valley. From Yogi to Pukka, they had some flavours I'd never seen before. They seemed to have all the varieties. I was puzzled by the quiet staff until my boyfriend pointed out that the staff were foreign and maybe their English wasn't so good. That can't be helped. I left with a yogi tea and a smile.Tea-reffic!
4	Great little middle eastern style market/store. Went in just because I have walked by so many times I decided I couldnt wait any longer. Place is great! Has great prices considering buying some of the stuff at different places costs a lot more. I especially loved the olive oils and the teas they had. Good place to get vegetarian stuff such as the falafel and other goodies in the cold section. I felt like Winnie the Poo when I saw all the honey they had especially the honey comb for sale which I love. I settled for a jar of honey though which turned out to be a mix of glucose and honey which I was not to happy about. I suppose I should have read the label but still honey shouldnt be ruined like that......but I loved the jar. But besides that a cool little shop with a bunch of different Mediterranean awesomeness that I love so much. If you walk by the place stop in if not for the excellent but affordable olive oil!
5	Favorite find in Edinburgh for hummus, spinach tapenade, quinoa bars and Sheese aka the best vegan cheese.
5	Great little place in Newington for special diet and Middle Eastern foods, plus lots of other goodies.Newington is well served for special diet foods - Peckhams does fab gf bread and NFE, lots of healthy foods.Here, there are all sorts of gluten free goodies, helpfully with notes on the shelf (gluten free) so you know what is suitable. Pastas, biscuits, crackers, fruit and nut bars as well as noodles and flours are all here.I had just stocked up at other stores but this will be my first stop next time. Well worth checking out.Even if you are not gf, the range of tea is fab and they stock lots of the teapigs flavours too :-)
