4	Inexpensive, friendly, tasty diner. I was in town last week, and my friend suggested we meet up at the Country Cafe. I got the cinnamon roll french toast with a side of sausage links and coffee. We spent about three hours talking there (all the way from breakfast to lunch!) but the servers were completely gracious about it. Our grand total after downing a ton of food was a little over $12 for both of us. Yay for specials!From the outside, it is not the most scenic of  restaurants, but inside is what counts!
3	Well how-deee ya'll!!  Are you 90 years old?  Do you live in or around Sun Prairie?  Well then you must hang out at the Country Cafe!  Everybody from the old folks home was here tonight.  Most of the time, I love old people, and here is why.  They are old enough now, that they will say what they want and not think twice, you know why?  Cuz they are old, and what are you gonna do?  Take away their walkers?  Take the brake off their wheelchairs?  Hell no you ain't!  I am drawn to slightly inebriated old ladies and goofy old dudes who spend the evening talking at length about mosquitoes and hip replacements.  Hey look!!  There is a guy over in the corner with all his teeth on the table, and another dude with a dog hidden under the table.  That man over there is pushing an empty wheelchair around in circles!  It's like a geriatric wonderland, and I am Alice!  The food here is just ok, but the prices are very cheap, and the service is excellent.  I wanna be awesome when I'm 90.  *crossing my fingers*
5	Simply the best. Great Food, Great People, Great Price. You can't go wrong with this place.
5	Great place for great breakfasts and service. Home cooked and friendly competent staff.
4	Good inexpensive cafe food. Pleasant waitresses. Things on menu you won't find in franchise restaurants.
4	My next-door neighbor, who is 84 and has lived in Sun Prairie all her life, recommended this place for breakfast. It has some very kitschy decor (basic small-town breakfast restaurant style) with lots of gingham and wooden chickens, but I didn't care. Nothing on the menu looked very exciting, and it seemed like everything cost a dollar or two more than I would have expected. But the waitress was extremely nice, the coffee was good, and the food (I got the mushroom and cheese omelet) was great. My omelet had three (3!) kinds of cheese and lots of nice 'shrooms inside. It was terrific and also came with hash browns and my choice of toast/pancakes/muffin. I got the rye toast, as always.  We got there around 8:30am (on a weekday) and almost had the place to ourselves but more people kept trickling in as we ate.
4	I live in Colorado and was returning home to Wisconsin for a wedding. So happy to find this amazing little diner off of Highway 151. A hardy old-fashioned breakfast with real food and friendly service
4	Stayed at the hotel across the street and found this place. Wound up going twice. Good service, pretty decent food and definitely inexpensive. It was overall a good find.
1	Growing up I always loved their giant cinnamon rolls so while visiting Sun Prairie, I thought I would return to see if they were still as good. The outside of the building is falling apart, which should've been our first clue that they really didn't care about their image. After we got seated, we waited and waited to place our order while the 3 servers on duty stood across from us chatting. Finally, one of the other 3 tables in the restaurant had to interrupt them to ask for more coffee. We sat waiting for a few more minutes for someone to take our order but finally got up and walked out. No one said a word. I'm not even sure they noticed. Skip this dive and go to Sir Hobos. The service at Sir Hobos is always prompt and friendly; their food and menu options are great!
3	Not sure what happened here... service was aketchy,  booths were filthy (could you vacuum the crevice of the sears??)  Prices were up, buy the food was good...  might be better places to stop ...
