5	This is my second time seeing Mark C Tingey DDS for a root canal. I think seeing an Endodontist for a root canal is worth the extra money rather than having your family dentist do it . I found it to take less time and it was less painful for me. On my second visit I thought I was going to be there for hours because I had wires stuck in my gums from an old root canal. It took less than an hour including the time where I had to wait for my mouth to numb. The only part that was bothersome was the noise some of the tools make. It sounded like finger nails scratching  a chalkboard but a 1000 times worse! The waiting room is a bit chilly so bring a light sweater. There isn't a lot of reading material so you may want to bring your own. I can't recall if they had a T.V. in the waiting room because honestly I didn't have to wait that long. I waited at most 10 minutes to be seen.
5	Mark was great! In and out of the office way quick. No pain. Totally recommend him to everyone I know.
5	After having a root canal and a retreatment by other practitioners this would be my Third visit for the same tooth. They got me in quick and Dr. Tingey and staff were so nice. They even drew me a picture of what was going to happen with 3 choices of what to do. I live 35 minutes away and it was well worth it! Third time is the charm!
5	If you need a root canal you need to see Dr Tingey.  It is fast a painless. He uses high tech tools that a general dentist doesn't have.  I'm writing this review because I was looking up his phone number for my mother in law and yelp came up. Dr Tingey has done both of my root canals - fast and painless!!!!
5	I just saw Dr. Tingey for a root canal retreatment. I went there because of the rating on Yelp and I'm not disappointed! The place is 17 miles away from my house and it's worth driving because it's fast and painless. Dr.Tingey and the staff were very nice. If you need a root canal treatment, do not go to general dentist, go to Dr.Tingey.
5	I went to Dr. Tingy for a root canal a few months back.  His staff was friendly and professional and so was Dr. Tingy.  As we all know root canals are dreadful but this experience was not.  It was painless and was able to function like I always do.  I highly recommend because I believe everyones experience will be a great one as well.
