5	This store is a gem! There is an amazing selection of unique and one of kind clothing for the not so "cookie cutter" crowd. Lynn the dedicated owner goes above and beyond to help her customers find what they are looking for. It gets better.... The BEST tailoring in Phoenix is available for both men & women of all sizes by the legendary tailor, Kwan. Merchandise does not need to be purchased at the store to be altered. A well kept secret is that many other clothiers in Scottsdale outsource their tailoring to Exclusively Big & Tall. Rub elbows with professional athletes while you shop this wonderful store!
5	Great selection of clothing for those of us who are more difficult to fit.  Quality merchandise, a great in-house tailor, and the owner, Lynn, will likely be the one helping you - and she is great.  I can't imagine the hours she puts in to find the clothing that makes her clients the best-dressed in town, regardless of size.  Over the course of several years, I've bought things here that are unique and that you wouldn't find at a store for even "regular" sized people.  I'm one of the unfortunate dudes that's too big for a regular department store, but not big enough for a traditional Big & Tall, but I've always been rewarded by trips here.  Top notch.
5	I can't say enough great things. I was in a real tight jam recently and needed some things done before a work trip and there wasn't any time to get the alterations done, or so I though. Lynn and her staff had me covered. I got everything done, it fit great.. I will not to anywhere else. Aside from that they have all kinds of great clothes, nothing cookie cutter. All sorts of styles and hard to find sizes. Great staff, great clothes, and tons of available options and special orders. This place is tucked in the back, take the time to stop in next time you need something. It's THE best place in town!
5	I have known Lynn for many years.  She has great clothes and her tailor is outstanding.  When she has sales , lets just say she blows them off the shelf.  Not many stores have such classy clothes.
1	Cannot say enough bad things....and I have been a customer for 4years but......Brought two suits in for tailoring and picked them up ruined to the point they could not be worn nor fixed. After the lady behind the counter finally identified herself as the owner I was told I would be refunded the fee for tailoring. That was all that was offered including never apologizing for damaging beyond repair, two expensive suits which when you are a tall person very hard to find.  I was told to get receipts as she the owner Lynn Lutzker did not want to over reimburse me!!, (the horror of that after her tailor ruined the suits), and she sells the suit maker so knows the prices. Upon further inquiring about reimbursement or some type of compensation once she realized I was taking her up on it she told me she would not offer any nor did I ever get a simple apology!..
5	For two decades I have been privileged to know and work with the fine professional staff at Exclusively Big and Tall. I am not an easy person to please, and Lynn, the owner (who has been there since the store opened some 20 years ago!), has bent over backwards to get me the products I want, to professionally tailor any suit, shirt, and pants I bring , and has consistently offered me those products and alterations in a timely manner. Nowhere in Scottsdale, nor for that matter Denver where I now live, have I ever found anyone to be kinder and more willing to serve. I am family there, not just a client. No one knows her clientele or her product line better than Lynn. On the one or two occasions over 20 years when a product has not worn or laundered well, Lynn has apologized and made the situation right WITHOUT QUESTIONS! She is  loyal, professional and polished. Her staff follows her lead under all circumstances. When I am in Scottsdale, hers is the only clothing establishment I visit. Congratulations to Lynn on 20 years of fabulous service to her community and to this fantastic store. It is truly one of a kind, and I am grateful to know them.
5	New to yelp, rating my favorites! Lynn (owner) is there everyday knows everyone's name. She's just the best and has great great taste. Truly cares about her customers. Best clothes for big and tall or even for tailoring! Quain (not spelling that right) is the tailor and I've found to be the best in the business. High in clothes not your everyday Hawaiian button up. Real high in nice clothing. Also the best part is all the cool famous people you see in regularly. Saw Charles Barkley in last time I was there. Amazing. Great store with better people.
