4	The food was good, reasonably priced and service was okay. The ambience was nice, and it was very busy for brunch.  Music was not too loud, and we had a good time. It is a decent place, and the sandwiches, waffles, and pancakes our group ordered were tasty.
4	Great breakfast. If you are looking for healthy, they have tons of fresh fruit in many ways. They also do standard breakfast very well. We like the crepes.
4	It was fun, I paid 16$ for a crepe omelet and a latte,I was happy. It's not very speacial but if you like crepes and omelets try it for sure
1	Food is decent. Service is slow if you can call it service. Waits of 30 minutes from ordering to arrival of your food is not uncommon.  Sadly, I can't write a positive recommendation for this restaurant.
3	It was good, but I feel like the menu was very limited. If you love fruit and bacon in the morning this is the place to be. I got the banana chocolate crepes and it wasn't bad but they put a crap load of bananas lol.
3	If you've just embarked on a rager the previous night and need some food to soak up the alcohol in your stomach, this is definitely a solid brunch choice.  If you're looking for something light and healthy, this is definitely not the spot.  Well, I guess they do have dishes that are all fruit, but there's no way you can resist all of the other offerings once you see other people digging in.  I went with a crepe/omelette hybrid of some type smothered in hollandaise sauce, and yes it was good, though I think in my state that morning, anything with cream and fat would've been.  Also, the service was very friendly, definitely not expected at a cheap run of the mill breakfast spot like this!
3	This place is like a Perkins or a Village Inn.  Good unhealthy breakfast food as long as you order right.  I went by the descriptions and the picture but what I got was different.  I thought it was going to be the spinach and cheese omelet with a crepe wrapped around it.  It was but it was drowning in fake movie theater nacho cheese.  Normally I'd love that sort of thing but I have to say --- it was too much!  Had I known I would have said nacho cheese on the side or even 86 it since there was cheese inside.  Its clean, the coffee is good, and the staff is friendly.  Its one of those places where you bring the check up to a register to pay.  We did wait a really REALLY long time for our food.
1	Waited 1 hour for food!  Someone ordered Benedict no cheese and a bowl with 2 poached eggs arrived! My sunny side up were runny.  $40 for 2 breakfasts and coffee! Waitress didn't even speak English! Ill never go back here again. Worst breakfast ever.
