1	This particular location is in Monte Carlo HotelRunning on only two hours of sleep and looking down the barrel of a full day by the pool drinking beers, somehow this seemed like a good idea.  Girlfriend and I ordered:a ONE menu item plate. (for me)a rice and noodle ONLY plate. (for vegi girlfriend)two waters and two Soda'sIT CAME TO.......................... $27.00  Are you people insane?  I get its Vegas but damn, I almost Sh@t myself.No flavor, and average as the day is long with Restaurant style pricing.  If i was starving to death and found one in the desert,  I keep walking and look for a McDonalds or a soup kitchen or a dead animal  anything but Manchu WOK.  Manchu WOK, enjoy my $27.00, im getting my enjoyment now wrighting about your dump instead of when I ate that mess you serve up.
1	Needed something cheap and quick to eat.. decided on this and it was a bad decision. It looks like Panda Express but tastes nothing compared to it. Had a funky sour taste. Not a fan.
1	I should have checked Yelp on my phone before coming here.  Came here for some mid-day munchies after doing some drinking.  From the outside, it looks just like panda express, the food items are even similar, but the taste it terrible.  The items just feel like fried, salty, blocks of flour (got the sweet sour pork).  The rice was way overcooked and dry (probably felt this way from sitting around for so long).  Price is way steep for what you get.  I really can't recomment this place.
5	Freakin awesome noodles! Don't know these people's problems! Yes it's pricey - hey the day of $1.99 buffets are long gone in Vegas! But compared to going to the restaurants or the freakin' buffet, this place is priced right and the noodles are sublime! Love this place!
1	absolutely vile disgusting, not dog worthy crap.id rather eat my own puke re-regurgitated (and yes thats what i meant lol) nothing could have saved that food.everything that could be wrong with it was.first the basics, the portion was over priced and smallthe container was something that should be used to bring home, not to eat out oflastly, the place didnt look all that clean, but wrote that off as it just being the strip and vegas.now the bulk....the smell was offit looked grossthe chicken was chewy and crunchy?and just the most vile thing in the world- the sauce was justI-C-Ki cant even think about it anymore
1	This place is why McDonald's is always an option.  Overpriced, small portions, gristly meat.  Zero stars but I have to give it one just to have this show up.I get it.  It's Vegas, I'm in a casino hotel, they have to soak me.  It's probably in the corporate charter: "Overcharge on everything".  Still, if you're going to give me a place of shitty food, at least fill the plate.  The food costs perhaps a dollar to make per plate, maybe two.  In NYC you're out the door for six bucks with a can of Coke.Nah, the place is a complete ripoff.  Do not go here.  Ever.
1	Aaaaarrrggghh!!!! Why didn't I check reviews of this place before eating here with my kids. Maybe I was desperate because they were starving and they like Panda and the place looked like a carbon copy. I always thought Panda was suckiest chinese food; Boy was I way off on that!!!Where do I even start?!?! We all ordered a one item and rice combo, both my kids ordered sweet and sour something or other and I ordered Kung pao chicken. The rice was just blah and my Kung pao chicken should have been called Kung pao veggies because there was only a marble sized piece of chicken and a few chicken crumbs hardly worth what they charged and no spicy-ness anywhere to be found. My kids chicken was mostly bread coating with sauce. None of the plates had any flavor and the portions were minuscule to boot. For the three of our plates and three drinks came out to over 30 bucks. I never felt so violated.I know this stuff is on par with mall food; strike that, after eating here, I would gladly overpay for mall food. This was a tragedy of ingredients thrown together by non caring robot employees and way overpriced for the tasteless food and portions you get to even bother wasting any of your money, heck, McDonald's sounds like gourmet fare compared to this place.Bottom line: don't Manchu Wok.....Manchu RUN the hell the other way If you happen to find yourself in front of this place!!!!
2	Not the best place to eat but they do make pretty good green beans! Do be careful as well because their food gives you the runs!
1	Thanksgiving trip to Vegas, we didn't check in to the Monte Carlo until almost one in the morning and I was practically asleep, but I knew I needed to catch a second wind. I headed to the casino, ordered a Bloody Mary, then went to go find food. The pizza looked old, I didn't want McDonalds, Rubios Fish Tacos did not sound appetizing at 1:00 AM, and the chicken place was closed...Chinese it is!I got a one item combo plate with nothing else for $9. I asked for half and half fried rice/chow mein, and I ordered their sesame chicken.The rice had zero flavor and was pretty old tasting. The chow mein also tasted horrible and the consistency of the noodles was gross, and the chicken was so sweet it was literally like eating pieces of candy. I went back and got some soy sauce to try to liven up the bland food, but even soy sauce couldn't help it. I gave up and ate some of my friend's Chicken McNuggets from McDonalds. Stay away.
