2	Went in there with a coupon from the Entertainment Guide without realizing it was family style mainly.  However, it was 5 pm, they weren't busy yet--except the bar had some action--and they were very gracious about it all.  I appreciated that.  First, the prices were ok for what they offer.Next and mainly, the food was ok.  Not bad at all, not great but ok.  I had veal with artichokes/prosciutto/lemon sauce.  Very tasty actually with 3 big veal pieces, so expect to take some home if you are alone.  The sauce on top was really yummy, but then I'm a lemon freak.The bread they serve before eating with olive oil (good quality) and balsamic was ok.  The bread quality could upgrade I think.  Again, ok.The service:  I had a tall, dark, handsome young man wait on me that was such a good waiter I think I told him like 3 times--something I don't ever do.So, I would go back since I have more coupons for the food which is average Italian to me, but the service was deeeeeevine.  I must have hit the right night and the right waiter.All in all, it's ok.  Even better ok with a coupon.  And, if I had a family, we would go there for sure as it's a fun event for a family with things like sundaes for 6 people and big, gigantic salads to share ($12 +/-).On second thought:  Everyone working there was super helpful and friendly, so I am guessing they have a really superior general manager there.  Kudos to all working there, tho, cause I was really impressed the service stood out so much and was so good!Second visit yesterday at 2:30 pm:Yeah, this was an off-hour for eating, but I was hungry and tired of making stir-fry at home; so, I ventured into Bucca for a second shot at the saltimabucco or whatever the same veal dish is called.  First of all, on the menu there are 5 veal pieces.  The first time I ate there I got 4, but this afternoon--FOR THE SAME PRICE OF $21.95 (I think it is)--I got 3 (THREE).  To further explain, I got 3 OVERCOOKED veal pieces with prosciutto that was so overcooked it looked almost like bacon on top (where you could find it that is).  I mentioned to the overworked (it appeared) waitress that the prosciutto was pretty skimpy and she pointed to one of the little curled pieces and said, "no, there it is."  Obviously, this is the crap coming out of the kitchen at this time.I had the saltimabucco and one glass of weak as hell (and not very good) iced tea for over $26 and some cents!!!!  WTF!!!I'll give this one more shop and then Bucca can shove it.  If I want to be screwed--at least--someone can come out from the kitchen and kiss me along with it!!!!
5	Loved the tour! This place was really nice with 2 levels full of Italian artwork covering the walls made the atmosphere warm, fun, and inviting.  Like your grandmother's living room! Everything about the restaurant is "large." Huge portion sizes made it perfect for sharing and separate private rooms made it cozy for large families enjoying a night out. Our service was awesome as it was my friend's birthday they brought an oversized birthday card signed by the staff and gave her a special happy birthday song rendition. I enjoyed the Spicy Chicken Rigatoni and the Cheesy Bread Florentine, while the others had Baked Rigatoni; there were no complaints and plenty in our to-go boxes!
4	Kinda ditzy waitresses but, this is my favorite place to eat in the WHOLE world! I am pretty mad that I wanted to have a group of 15 for our anniversary this year but,  the marketer I was emailing back and forth with (anthony) said I have to PRE PICK what everyone is going to eat or have buffet syle. My family and friends would like to pick their own food out. He said it's because, of the holidays... Well you just lost a BUNCH of business! He was rude as well.
4	This is not my fave place for spaghetti and pasta with red sauce, however...this restaurant creates the most awesomest anti-pasto salad in the whole world! I also love the pasta san remo, which has a white wine sauce, the pesto chicken, pizza and a few other pasta dishes. The service is always great and the location is perfect.
4	Been to this location mainy times and so far everytime has been good.  once they had a hard time keeping up with drinks but that was the only fault that i have found.  food is great and portions are huge and we always walkout with leftovers.  prices are moderate but you can always find coupons or online deals to help offset the prices.  we will be back again!
1	Last night on my way home from work I figured I would pick up some dinner for me and my wife who is taking care of our newborn all day and has little time to cook for us. I ordered chicken limone the menu says serves two to three and we don't eat a lot so I figured it would fill us up. The price was 18.99 but I figured in a family style Italian place and we should have plenty of food. I was handed my bag and I was sure it was the wrong order because it was so light so I checked it in the car and was shocked. I see three small pieces of chicken in a big container with a small piece of bread and that's it! So I figured they just forgot the pasta and went back in and asked the hostess and she said yes it comes with it then said no after thinking about it. So how can they justify that price? It was so small there was no way it would feed 2 people so I had to cook pasta at home and then reheat our chicken in the microwave.I worked in the service industry for years and this place is a joke! FYI just because there's people with money who live near your restaurant doesn't mean you can tailor your food prices to their income level without delivering value.........if you sell crap in the worst neighborhood that same crap should be priced the same in a affluent neighborhood....same crap different place.No value means lost customers ....
2	Nothing homemade about this place/sauce is about as mild/non flavored as you can get...Save your money, go elsewhere...we ordered 4 dishes for a party of 12/with 2 bowls of salad/some soda drinks $250.00 with tip....which was about $20 of ingredients in the meal. Noodles overcooked/actually mushy. You can tell everything is out of a can/jar.
1	Wow. I've had better pasta out of a can.  If you don't have a litter of kids to feed this is not the place for anyone who's ever had anything close to real Italian food. We ordered the rigatoni with meat sauce and spicy sausage with ricotta. As you can see from the photo the sauce seems to be missing from the pasta. However there was a generous portion of red water in the bottom of the bowl. Our server was really nice and I feel bad that he is working at such a terrible restaurant having to tell people they get a TON of food. As if that made up for zero quality. We spent too much money for about 3 bites of food. The rest will go in the garbage. I've seen better food at soup kitchens. We will never be back and will never regret it. This was our first visit and it seemed everyone else's first visit also at the tables around us. They must rely on first time business since its doubtful anyone will ever come back.
3	I stopped by here last weekend after first visiting their Chandler establishment a few years back with a few of my friends and boy am I satisfied!We got to Bucca di Beppo just shy of 8pm on Saturday night and only had to wait around for 10mins.  So while we stood around outside enjoying the cool autumn air, we browsed their menu and had everything pretty much figured out.  After we were called back into the restaurant and walked up the staircase and into Alaska [it was really really cold in the restaurant!], everybody crooned over all their interesting framed artwork.  But let's not get into that.  Let's talk food!So the four of us ordered:  Stuffed Mushrooms - The pesto sauce was absolutely delicious but the mushrooms itself were pretty standard and were super tiny.A small Baked Ziti - Warm and filling but nothing mind-blowing.A small Macaroni Rosa - My personal favorite.  The vegetables really adds a bunch of flavor it neededA small Shrimp Florentine - My least favorite.  The garlic butter sauce was bland but add a little salt and pepper and mix like crazy and it becomes a decent dish.So while my memories of the first time being at the restaurant in the east valley had been full of sparkles and good memories, my second visit to the chain was slightly disappointing.  Perhaps the chef just has a light hand when it comes to seasoning but nothing was overly spectacular.  It's still a good place to go to hang out with friends and the price isn't too bad [The bill came out to $20-25 per person].
1	We came here to celebrate my brother and my husband's birthdays.  We will never pick this place again.  The service was SO slow and the food was mediocre at best.  We only had 1 red crunched pepper between 9 people.  The jar was passed back and forth throughout the dinner.Supremo Italiano - It was only thing good from this dinner but not the BEST pizza   (spicy Italian sausage, pepperoni, bell peppers, onions, mozzarella, provolone and meat sauce)Chicken & Sausage Ziti - This dish was so watered down.  Tasteless!  HORRIBLE.  (chicken breast, mild Italian sausage, red onions, roma tomatoes and spinach in garlic cream sauce)Linguine Frutti di Mare - This dish was ok.  (shrimp, baby clams, mussels and calamari in spicy red clam sauce)Spaghetti with Meatballs - This was another tasteless dish.  The meatballs was horrific.  The meat was low grade and after eating it, I lost my appetite.  I don't think it was meat at all.  YUCK!We waited 45 mins for tasteless dishes.....   And spend a couple hundred of dollars.
3	Disappointed with our dinner tonight. Usually we eat at the Scottsdale bucca ....both service and food is way better at that location.Service was very slow and the restaurant wasn't crowded at all. Food was mediocre and we had to return the veal parm because it was chewy and tough. Meatballs were ok as was the baked rigatoni. We had bruschetta for an appetizer and it seemed like the serving size was much less than we are used to. the Best part of the meal was the Italian cream cake....scrumptious and enough for four people to share.The manager was very nice and removed the veal parm from our bill, no questions asked.Overall experience was not what we expected, unfortunately....I think we'll stick with the Scottsdale location.
1	This review is not for the food but for one of the male managers of the Peoria, AZ location.  He is an absolute tyrant.  I was dining at this establishment and witnessed him degrading and cussing out the young employees.  If I had not already eaten I would have walked out of this place it was disgusting and I will NOT be back to support this A**holes paycheck. I hope many of you won't either, drive the extra miles to a different location.  Who wants to support an establishment with a manager that does not care about embarrassing and degrading the employees in front of customers, NOT ME!
1	BUCKET DI SHITO If you want authentic Italian food. This place isn't it,  Save your money and go to Olive Garden!!! Terrible food, 20 dollars a plate, and staff look like they don't want to work there!!!Good luck
5	Such amazing food! Our waiter Alex was so good/ esp patient with all the crazy kids we came with!
5	Food-I have yet to try a dish at Buca and not truly enjoy it. Even the desserts are delicious. My favorite dish is the spicy chicken rigatoni. Service-The service is usually pretty good. I've noticed that some people complain that the service is slow. You need to understand that this is REAL Italian food served as large portions for 2-4. It's gonna take a little bit. This isn't Olive Garden where they throw some frozen pasta in the microwave and serve it to you.Price-Buca is a little pricey, but for the amount of food you get, it's well worth it. A "small" in most dishes is enough for two. I always end up leaving with left overs.
1	Wow, I was excited to go.. I was told about this place by a freind. So I decided to go with my Family. So it started with an ok, then a blah to ZZzzZZ . Nice place , but the people what's the deal here. If they don't want to work there leave !!  About the food it was not as I heard, pasta looked nice, but the flavor , oh yeah no flavor. Only the garlic butter on my bread. SO we ate and try to enjoy the best of it. Oh the tour, ha ha tha was a joke , the cooks scrambling kinda upset look an their faces, I told my wife " I hope the service is not  the same". Now, the second time we went I tried to be positive... this time I went into their web site to Reserve a table at a certain time....Oh Boy !!! why did I do that.... we got there at 5:30 put me at hold for 45 minutes not even full that night. After waiting , they sat us down for another 15 minutes..by that time we were starving.. the wiater took our order then another 45 minutes for our food to be ready it was .... Jimminie Crickets what is going on hereee !!!  we sat there waiting lookin at other people bieng served after we got there.. by that time I was fuming... Never Ever again stepping on a Bucca Joint . I'm sticking with SPAGHETTI FACTORY ....  Arrivederci Bucca.....
5	** Bucca di-Licious !!! **As a vegetarian, their eggplant parm is dee-lish .... my Sicilian grandmother would be proud.  The bread is pretty good as well.I had a not so good experience at their Mesa location, however. The server continued to offer foods as if it came with the meal (a side of mashed red potato was 10.00!), the broccoli was not cooked correctly and it was yellowish with hot red pepper flakes and he messed up the order big time ... his eyes were glazed over, so I'm thinking he was with drunk or high) so we were more mindful at the Arrowhead location and we will always go there. Very good service at Arrowhead and plenty to take home for the next days lunch.... but it is a little bit pricey for the quantity that you get. The iced-tea was great and the server kept my glass full. And then there's the chocolate cake .... I was inchoclocated !!
