5	I was THISCLOSE to tears. tears of happiness. I am a fan of HGTV and they are always freakin talking about the Homegoods Store. I was so sad thinking that we didnt have one and I hated their website bc you can't buy anything on it. So I just decided there was no hope. Then, after class one night i was driving and lit up like angels calling my name, i saw it. Homegoods. connected to TJ Maxx. I went bananas. Today I finally had the chance to shop so I went. for 3 hours. i'm not lying. yes, that was me, i was the girl with 2 shopping carts giving the stink eye to anyone eyeing something that i was eyeing. watch out- thats mine!!!!! I filled up my trunk- then my backseat and I still have a few more things to pick up manana. I can't wait. and the best part? I only spent like $300 on an entire car full of goods!!! my entire guest room is totally decorated now, my master has all of it's little pieces and i am so stoked. I also found some things for my backyard. I can't wait to go back when it's time to do my office! but that project is a bit down on my priority list. homegoods is what's up. the lady was THISCLOSE to convincing me to sign up for their credit card to save 10%....maybe i should............
5	Ya, I have a problem, I know it. I went back and bought more. almost everything i bought was from Z Gallerie. Um, never shopping at Z again- I'll just head to homegoods. BTW- they get another shipment in today- i called and asked. you can laugh at me.  so pretty much you can find me there this weekend. my walls are still a bit bare. you might call me obsessed bc i have seriously been considering hitting up each location this weekend, as everyone carries different things. however, i am really sick and don't know if i have the strength. i will try. just a shout out to the people working here- thanks for helping load everything in my car, both times. let's make it a 3rd this weekend?
2	I have been buying from TJ Maxx for years, but mostly in Scottsdale. The crew at this store could use some training on customer interaction. I can appreciate friendly service, so when they ask "did you find everything you were looking for?" That's when I start the interaction.  They don't ask because they really care, they just have to. When I asked the manager for something, it was too much trouble for her to do her job, and she just said to the new clerk, "you can take care of this, I am going on break."  This manager has no business with customer service. (Is anybody paying attention to this?)
4	I love the Homegoods store for its unique stock of housewares, toys and clothing. i go here at least once a month.
4	Total fan of this store! They have great clothes for great prices.Ii especially love the selection of activewear. The have fantastic Under Armour shirts for $9.99.
4	Great prices. Love the selections of clothes, socks, shoes and housewares.
5	Absolutely love this store!! Big variety! Clean & oorganized!
