5	Celadon Thai is an excellent restaurant in Newington which offers a pleasant, stylish environment and amazing food.  Apparantly this place is famed for its sweets, including sorbets and banana fitters, but it was their savoury dishes which I was seriously impressed with.  I went for the chef's recommended green beef curry for my main and the sticky ribs for a starter.  The ribs were grilled to perfection and soaked in honey which made them really nice and sweet.  The beef in the curry was tender and had virtually no fat, whilst the sauce was creamy, spicy and full of flavour.  The food seemed to take no time to be prepared and the staff were proper friendly.  I'd come here again any day and, although it's pretty pricey, it's well worth the money.
5	It's easy to walk by Celadon Thai, I did it twice, but I'm happy that I finally found it. The food is truly remarkable; my parents came to visit me a few weeks ago and I'm still getting daily calls from my mother asking if I remember the Thai food. The restaurant decor is simple and elegant, its really beautiful on the inside. Overall a truly great restaurant in the Newington area.
4	I came here with friends on a Saturday night and it was very good.Can't remember what I ate but I remember it was delicious and nice service too.
4	Authentic tasty Thai food!  I've only have takeaway from Caledon, but I was very impressed with the quality and authenticity of the food.  My Tom Kha was delicious, spicy, and bursting with coconut milk goodness.  The chicken was tender, not overcooked which is rare in this soup.  The red curry I had for main was perfectly balanced, sweet, sour, and oh so spicy.  This is Thai done right.  I'll definitely be back!
5	Excellent meal.  The app platter was an interesting mix of foods/flavors.  The pad thai had great flavors, and the sweet sticky rice for dessert was great.  Topped off with great, attentive service.  Have eaten there twice now and had a great experience both times.
5	Staying in town at the home of a classically trained chef.  He recommended this place, and it was fantastic.  I highly recommend the crispy fish and the five spice duck.  The coffee after dinner was outstanding and the topper to a perfect meal.  10 of 10'
