5	Very professional and very eager to please. They took the time to make sure I understood exactly how to take my medication and how to store it. Very easy to get in and out of here - unlike the games Walgreen's and CVS play to get you to buy more crap!
5	Their prices seem better than anywhere else.  I would check here first if you don't have insurance.  They are a compounding pharmacy.Also, staff was really friendly and helpful.
4	Sitting here waiting for something that my Dr was told was ready and 'no big deal' and 'come on over'...eyeball roll...Otherwise everyone is super nice.Noticing the poor front desk gal juggling incoming calls and trying to call people that have had medications sit for a long period of time. They need to upgrade their systems a bit, there should be an auto dial that makes those calls for them, instead of having to place folks on hold so often. (My Dr's office was also on hold for a long time waiting for the to answer her question about having my med ready for pick up).Oh. One more complaint. . The map thing they give to the Dr to give to me blows. It seems super descriptive until you get out here. How about telling me the name on the building? It's in a medical center of some sort. Their little block just names their pharmacy, so I figured a free-standing building.Doh. That's what I get for assuming!
5	Very friendly atmosphere and the staff are courteous and helpful. There is almost no waiting,  they fill the script immediately unlike most other chain pharmacies where they intentionally delay filling scripts in hopes the customer will wander around the store and make additional purchases. They carry hard to find medications. They had in stock an obscure pain med I was prescribed that I couldn't find at 8 other pharmacies I visited.
5	Best Pharmacy ever....always have prescription ready when I arrive. Staff is very friendly and helpful. I would recommend them to anyone.
5	Great Pharmacy!! They are one of the few that do compounds. You also never have to wait long to get your Rx filled. The staff is most friendly, quick, and efficent. The only issue is the parking lot.  It is usually full, but there is parking available on the street.
