4	One of the best steak houses in town.  I haven't found a 5 star one yet, but this is good.  A very country atmosphere with peanuts at the table and shells everywhere.  It does tend to be very noisy.  The menu has the usual fare.  Their complimentary bread and honey-whipped butter is wonderful.
4	great food and fun.  we eat there often. and our kids love going there too.
4	Awesome food. The steaks are fresh and the atmostphere is fun and laid back. Peanut shells are everywhere and every now and then the waiters dance. The bread and the butter is easy to fill up on, so be careful, it's awesome. And they also have Shiner Bock, a great Texas beer that goes good with any burnt meat.
5	I eat here too much i think!  I have this place down, as far as how to get things just ordered right and when to go.  ribs are great, and i always eat too much.  Went there last night (try to do my share of boosting the economy) and went with just 1/3 rack of ribs, because i knew i would have to finish my wife's and my two kids food too.  still too much and i had some weird dreams that night with my full belly.  love it!
3	Ate here a few years ago, back when I lived in Chandler.  The only thing I recall raving about were the rolls!  Oohhhhh...  Now, if only TR served sweet potato fries, I'd be racing my way there for a good carb-loading!
4	This is one of my favorite chain - I can't resist steak (who can, anyway?)For all other locations, you may expect a wait between 45 min to an hour, at least. But maybe I came in late (8:30pm, and it is Phoenix, people) that night, I did not have to wait at all. Or if you may, call in to check beforehand (should have kept it myself..)Food was alright, as usual - steak I said. Staff were faily friendly though, which cut off 1/2 star rating (the other 1/2 was lost to the actual quality of food - I mean, talking about Morton's..)Overall, it is a good place to go. Steak saves the world :)
1	Not a fan! The services has been so bad the last 4 times that I finally said "Screw It" and found Logan's Roadhouse (good place). The food is not so good, the prices are high for what I get and the place is so loud that it defeats going out to eat with a loved one (I can not hear them talk)!
2	I don't know what exactly it is about the food here, but I always wind up going home with the worst upset stomach of my life. I've given it several tries, varying what I ate (so much that I didn't eat ANY of the same things during visits... not even the bread/cinnamon butter that they hand up upon arriving). So, that's why I can't rate this place very well. Otherwise, service is always good and no other complaints
5	I don't know how folks are upset about the value. A full rack of ribs here is $3 off of actual cost. That $3 gets you hours of being (usually) cooked until falling off the bone (and no dishes or scraping grills after), and two sides... we get the huge caesar and the sweet potato. I'd say in the end you pay less to get it here than to make it yourself.The ribs are amazing (if they are dry, send em back if you have to. Trust me, I am a rib person, and 9/10 times they are perfect. If they arent, bitch. You should never have to use a knife on these), the steaks are very good, sides are good enough... atmosphere is fun and well-rounded. I come here for lunch, dinner, drinks, and on family night... always comfortable.BBQ glory is in the eye of the beholder. Their sauce is spot on to my tastes- sweet, savory, smoky... pile it on, boys.And yes, I WILL take a crate of rolls to go, thanks.
4	This place will surely send you home on a full and satisfied stomach.  I ordered the steak and rib combo with the loaded mashed potatoes.  The ribs were definitely my favorite.  I've had better, but these were decent.  I really enjoyed the dinner rolls with the cinnamon butter.  It's that killer sweet tooth that I just can't seem to kick.  Excellent service.  The manager came by to welcome me as a first timer.  Gave me a card for a free appetizer on my next visit.  Now that's customer service!
4	I am always mad at myself after I eat at Texad Roadhouse because I get so carried away with the delicious appetizers that I never leave enough room for my entree or dessert! But it always makes for a satisfying leftover meal the next day :)Totally delicious food. It's a tradition in my family to go here every time my parents come to visit. Great service, great environment, even better food. A+!
5	4 words.  rib eye medium rare.and cinammon butter rolls.hands down, the BEST steakhouse.  better than outback, ruth chris's, all the fancy places.
5	I have been eating here for over 10 years and love it every time I go. From the nuts to the steak, I'm happy! I usually order the same things all the time, I have tried most everything on the menu and haven't found anything I'll spit out! It always crowded so get there between 4-5 p.m. or have a seat after that and chew on some peanuts while you wait for a table. It's a good place for the picky eaters and kids, or if you like your salads they have those too. If you don't like noise and have an issue with stepping on peanut shells STAY HOME! Feel free to make sure they cook your steak perfectly I have had it happen to me a few times....*new cook*  equals raw steak YUCK! No mooing steaks for me please. Send it back til they get it right or don't pay for it! Anyways, enjoy have a good time and be relaxed when you go and you'll be fine!
2	Really? Came here with a big group. They do not take reservations and will not seat you until the entire party is present. Those of us that arrived early ended up grabbing a seat at the completely empty bar and ordering a drink. The bartender was cool. This place is obviously very family oriented and when you call ahead the first thing they ask is if you will be needing a high chair or booster seat. That's great if you are trying to find a place to take the kids for dinner. When we were finally seated they delivered the best thing about this place...the rolls! These rolls are a carb filled dream and I hate that they kept bringing more, it just made me eat WAY too many. We all ordered the Sirloin steak that was the special of the day. Mine was way over cooked and the sides were all lackluster. The servers wear shirts saying that they lover their job and ours actually told us she hated hers. Thought that was funny! I will not be going back here again unless I have to and then I will have a cocktail and rolls for dinner... Bring your kids here and I will gladly dine somewhere else.
2	I went here for a 'nice' steak dinner. however, i think 'nice' is actually 'bleh'.All I wanted was a big, fat hunk of delicious meat and some healthy vegetables. Apparently they have vegetables but I wouldn't call them healthy. They have green beans, and I'm sure they are delicious with all the butter and bacon they are cooked in but I am 100% sticking to my New Years resolution. I asked instead if I could have fresh green beans cooked by themselves. My waitress said NO.NO?! you mean you don't have fresh vegetables?Everything they have is already premade and nothing is fresh. GROSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The steak was bland and I pretty much used an entire mound of salt for flavor. It ended up being like $20 bucks after tip. Totally ridiculous. I don't understand restaurants that don't use fresh vegetables and nothing can be cooked to order. that totally grosses me out. I will not be back. If I was by myself I would have left when I found out nothing was fresh, but I was with people and didn't want to insult them because one of them chose this place?
1	This place is a total dive and I am completely baffled as to why it's so popular, you have to wait forever to get in. The floors are littered with peanuts, classy. The food is nothing special, way less than mediocre compared to other chain restaurants. The restaurants are always crowded and very loud. I was forced to come her for my sister's birthday, too bad my family loves dive restaurants otherwise I would of never come here.
3	I haven't eaten out much the past few weeks which is why I forgot to review this place, whoops!Me and the bestie went to dinner a few weeks ago, it was a Thursday so busy but not super crowded. We were seated immediately and I noticed they were getting rid of the peanuts on the floor. Super classy, hahaAnyways, it took about 4 pass-bys to get our rolls, but we got our water and I ordered the drink special which was the Strawberry Sickle...they had just started that drink and it tasted good but I can't vouch for the amount of alcohol in it, it was good though. Since giving up beef, I was disappointed they don't have any stellar chicken burgers/sandwiches on the menu, so I got the chicken cluckers or whatever, which I realize I always ordered and then get an don't like. I got the chili and fries as sides though which held me over. The service was good, my friend left his keys at the table and they held on to them before we came back. I'll definitely return, hopefully I just remember to order something different.
4	Went here with my mom and brother the first night we moved my mom to AZ. The wait was crazy. We got inside and was told that there was about an hour wait. Well we wanted some steak and took about 30 mins driving around trying to find the place since my GPS kept taking me everywhere but here. Anyways, we proceeded to the bar which had 2 open seats, so the three of us grabbed them. Ordered some drinks and waited for our name to be called. The bartenders were very friendly and told us that there was full service at the bar, but we opted to wait for a table. The atmosphere is just like a Texas roadhouse, or kind of like Lone Star. They serve peanuts, and encourage you to toss the shells onto the floor. So after about a 35min wait, we were seated. I ordered the prime rib medium rare as usual with a side ceaser salad and mashed potatoes. Mom had the fillet, and brother had a rib eye/ chicken breast combo. We ordered some fried pickles for an appetizer. The fried pickles were good, just couldn't eat much because they were very greasy. All the food was really good, my brother wished he had only gotten steak. The chicken was good he said, but liked his steak a lot better. The night we went, seemed like it was everyones birthday. Every five mins, they were moving their saddle and having the birthday girl/boy sit on it while everyone sings to them. I would definitely come back here again when I go back out to AZ.
3	I hadn't been to a Texas Roadhouse in a very long time, so I remembered the peanuts, but had forgotten about the yummy rolls with cinnamon, sugar butter. I love sweets, so for me that's a good way to start a meal. My Caesar salad was okay, very heavy on the dressing and the lettuce wasn't super crisp. I ordered the oven roasted chicken and the meat was delicious. Very moist and nicely seasoned. I was surprised how busy it was considering we went pretty early on a week night. The service wasn't stellar, but not bad either. Overall, it made for a satisfying week night meal, but not a place I'd choose for a special night out.
5	This location was awesome. Great service, great steak. A++
5	This place I think is the best place to get the best ribs in town; the meat is flavorful and falls right off the bone! They also have an awesome Pulled Pork Sandwich as well. The service and the atmosphere are both fun and energetic. The only downside for early birds and Sunday dates is that the restaurant is typically only open for dinner and when it is open it is generally always pretty busy so make sure you make a reservation! Bonus points for the awesome cheese fries appetizer!
4	Four of us had lunch here on New Year's Eve while on vacation. It was my first visit to a Texas Roadhouse, and I will likely be back. We started out with the fried pickles--any place I see them on the menu, I always try them. Fried pickles could've been thicker slices, but were cheap at $3.99. The pickle to batter ratio just seemed low--they may have been better if they were spears instead of slices.Sirloin beef tips were really good--meat was cooked exactly as ordered. I absolutely LOVED thebaked sweet potato! I think I will try to replicate it at home...Yum. Our server was very accommodating w/ extra rolls and refills on soda.  The most interesting thing I found was that 6 people said have a nice day/Happy New Year as we were leaving. I found that to be a little out of the ordinary, but in a good way of course!
4	I love this place. I could almost just go for the warm rolls with cinnamon butter (I know, that sounds stupid but just you wait).I personally really like the ceasar salad there. I like lots of dressing and TR does this well. If yelp got with the program this place would get a 4.5/5 star rating.
2	Ive been to Texass Roadhouse numerous times now and have really not been impressed. The rolls are good but I personally think that Logans Roadhouse has better ones (Logans are always soft and never overbaked, Texas's have been the last few times). Am I the only one that has noticed though that almost everything is wayyyy too salty? Every time I order fries here, they are doused in salt. The husband got the chicken fried sirloin last night with fries and both were super salty. The green beans have boatloads of salt too. Additionally, the ranch dressing tastes like crappy bottled Kraft dressing. One final thing that was a no go for me is that their fresh steamed vegis were terrible. Last night, their broccoli was not trimmed enough the ends of it were very hard and fibrous and the carrots were not cooked enough so they were still hard. Booooo. I am not a fan of vegis as it is but when eaten this way, I really despise them.Now what has been good is their chili although it is a bit rich. Its very meaty so if I ever have to go here (with a group of people, I wont come here on my own), I would just get a bowl of this and have some rolls. The husband also says that the ribs are great. They are always fall of the bone tender. Aside from that, we are unimpressed with everything else. One other thing is that their portions are fairly large. However, the food, as mentioned is kinda crappy so if you like eating lots of crappy uninspired food, this is your place. I have nothing against chain restaurants but this is one of those that I don't get what the hype is about (see my list of overhyped places). This place is always busy and the wait is at least an hour each time I have been to this location. They don't take reservations or call ahead.I would advise to try Logans instead. Not only do they have better rolls but their menu is better and has more selections. Logan's food is always better as well and they have sweet potato fries which is one of my weaknesses. Also, their wait is never bad. Sorry Texass but in my opinion, you kinda suck.PS: If you hate kids, DO NOT COME HERE. They are everywhere! The staff also seems to have a hard time accommodating large groups and there is not enough space in the area where they pile the large groups. You literally cannot move and the waiters have a hard time getting around the tables.
3	In a city where an ice cold Shiner Bock is hard to find, I thought for sure I could count on Texas Roadhouse to have it. Not so much. I'm still dumbfounded. However, for a chain, this place ain't bad. My steak was cooked just as ordered (medium) and it was very tender. I love how the mashed potatoes come loaded and the rolls with cinnamon butter are good.I'm not sure if Logan's Roadhouse is a knockoff or if they're in the same family or what, but I think Texas Roadhouse does everything just a little bit better, including the ambiance. Not bad. I'd rather come here again than Outback or something else comparable.Just don't try and get me to do any line dancing when it's one of the many birthdays you're likely to see here.
5	I have been eating here since the place opened.  They have the best steak I can find in the Phoenix Metro area.  If the price were a little cheaper I would probably eat here more.  That is not to say they are over priced as you get a good deal for your money.  I've had almost everything on the menu, even the fried pickles, and it is all good.  The employees are courteous (and attractive) and the service is fast.  If you come later in the evening, especially Friday to Sunday, you could have to wait up to an hour but it is worth it.
1	If you like being sat right next to the bar with two kids, this is the place for you! How about a waitress who shoves a plate at you because she's too self centered and oblivious to your space to care that the plate's in your face -- a hot one at that.Refill on a soda? Forget about that! And we were right next to the bar! How does that work out?The food is always good, but the service needs major work.
4	Went here on Mother's day. They had great specials, prime rib was good, cheese fries are the best around. Large portions, great service, love the juke box! This is the first time I ordered prime rib here. Not as good as the ribs, they have the best ribs, but the prime rib was a solid 4!
5	I. love. this. restaurant.Seriously.When my wife and I were first dating she asked me to surprise her for dinner. Her one condition for this date was that they needed to have good bread. Two restaurants ran through my head: Texas Roadhouse and Olive Garden.My wife is Italian and at the time I didn't know about her fiery distain for Olive Garden. Boy am I glad that I chose Texas Roadhouse.The first thing served is a basket of hot, fresh-baked bread with some of the best cinnamon butter ever. After that bread basket everything else was just additional. My wife and I split the Filet Medallions (a regular dish that we order now) with mushroom gravy and mashed potatoes. Heaven on earth.
5	Went here because I could not eat at Haris's Pita Grill...sad sad sad...But! I like the food at Texas Roadhouse. I have been here many times and have ordered either their steak or salmon and have always enjoyed them very much.  I also really like the rolls! Just thinking about them makes me want to stuff my face with doughy goodness again. The restaurant is very casual and laid back -- it can get loud at times so I wouldn't recommend coming here if you plan on having a deep conversation with someone else.Also the place is always crowded so just be prepared to wait, especially during the weekends or around dinner time.
5	My Children loves this place. if there's a special occasion, you know that all they want is this place....AWESOME....Steak and the bread yummy.
4	I love their house salad at Texas Roadhouse, and the dinner rolls, and their basic sirloin steak which is cooked to perfection for about $12.00. I usually prefer locally-owned digs, but this is an exception.
4	Best steaks at a reasonable price. They are so tender and moist!  The bread with cinnamon butter is to die for.  Salads and side dishes are good as well. Service and wait time can be spotty.
4	Another year, another birthday. Was looking for place to get a steak and my Mom pulls out a $25 gift certificate to Texas Roadhouse. I've heard of the place, but had never been. A little research shows me that they score pretty high on Yelp and in national rankings. We had excellent service from the moment we walked in. To start, I ordered a frozen margarita (hey it's my birthday after all), which was fantastic. I ordered the 20 oz ribeye, medium with a baked potato and house salad. The wife ordered chicken fried steak with green beans and mashed potatoes. The house salad was ok, came with hard boiled eggs (not a fan). The ribeye came out and was cooked perfectly. Was it the best steak I've ever eaten? No, but it was pretty darn good. Cooked just as requested and super juicy. The baked potato was also delicious. My wife reported that not only was her chicken fried steak delicious, but she liked it better than her all time favorite at Cracker Barrel.  She loved her sides too.  Ended the meal with the chocolate brownie, which I wasn't terribly impressed with (lactose intolerant, so I had to avoid the ice cream). Overall a great experience and a very convenient location (right next to the movie theater), may be our new dinner and a movie spot!
5	Happiness is eating at a restaurant where everything is perfect!  Robyn N. & I dropped in here today & I found everything about the experience to be very, very good.  The menu offers a variety of meal choices for only $7.99, & I went with the 6 oz. Sirloin.  For sides I chose a dinner salad & chili.  They started us out a bucket of peanuts in the shell (!), fresh rolls & butter (as many as we wanted), then it was onto the good-sized salad, & finally the steak & chili.  Fine, it was only a Sirloin, but consider the price!  It was tender, tasty, & cooked exactly to my liking.  The chili was great & the service amazing... especially given the capacity crowd eating here today!"Woohoo!  As good as it gets!" lives here!!     :-))
5	Who doesnt love Texas Roadhouse?! Sweet damn honey cinnamon butter!! those things are basically the only reason why i come to any Texas Roadhouse (TRH)!!and i bring some home for a reheated treat..I usually order the Caesar chicken salad, they have good big croutons, ultra-cold plates, the cheese and dressing are usually well mixed..Sometimes the waitresses can be a dud, but i havent had much of those in my experience, thankfully! (my first experience was in 2007 in Indianapolis and ive been hooked ever since.. frequented TRH in Boston, NYC, Long Island, Austin, and now Mesa!)my boyfriend's father had a birthday at this location back in October, and we requested a slice of cake for him. The waitress forgot the cake(i dont blame her, she was overwhelmed with a lot of people and our 8 guests wanted to separate checks- ugh). While we waited a bit for the cake.. we were agitated because we couldnt surprise the birthday dude since he knew what we were waiting for..at last the cake came.. holy lordy a whole cake of cheesecake!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I was pissed at first because it looked like it came from FRYS and it cost $14 dollars.. i thought i would have to pay for it and i just wanted a tiny slice of cake or dessert for him, free like most restaurants do... ANYWAYS the point is.. the whole damn cake was FREE!!!!!!!!!!!!  I was confused but i did not complain.. SO despite some confusion and wait.. this place is GREAT!  peanuts all around, cold beer.. and surely free cake for your birthday?!have a good one!
4	mmmmm... oops  daydreaming about deelicious mouthwatering texas roadhouse yet again....   this is one of my go to places ( yes it is a chain) for a casual, very laid back fun night with awesome Margs and Barbeque.   Theres always been a wait, unless u call ahead, which i've never done since i'm all spontaneous like that.:)  I LUV the whole peanut on the floor thing, o and not to mention the rolls with cinnamon butter??!!  seriously,?? best idea ever!! i'm always in a food coma BEFORE my meal arrives.  The ribs are soo yummy, and the mashed potatoes, sweet potato, green beans with bacon, ugh its just all too good! I think i know where i'm going tomorrow!!
4	I spent my college years going to the local Texas Roadhouse so I was excited to move close to one when I came out to AZ. I have never met anyone who isn't satisfied with the bread and butter. I think the onion is the perfect size for an appetizer and the rattlesnake bites have a nice zesty kick. My standard is the prime rib, but I also enjoy the occasional steak kabobs or roasted chicken. Always greeted with a smile and the service is solid.
4	Ok... I know this is a chain, and generally I'm not a huge fan of chains, but this place is pretty good. First, I like that you can call ahead before you go, it saved us like an hour of sitting around waiting at the restaurant. That was great! I got a strawberry margarita, which costs 7$ and it was HUGE! Also, it was tasty...nothing wrong with that. The food here is also good and the portion sizes are insane. I got the ribs (13$) and had WAY too much food....a caesar salad (which was very tasty), a sweet potato, rolls with cinnamon butter, and a ton of fall off the bone ribs....everything was good. The BF had a steak with corn and a baked potato. Also fairly tasty (but not even close to my ribs...sorry BF). I would definitely come back here because it is super inexpensive for what you get and the food is good.
5	I LOVE thier salads!
4	This is one of the places i go to for some good steaks. I usually order the largest ribeye. Then usually share it with someone. It's plenty steak enough to fill you up. I love the bread too.  I would recommend this place for steaks. Really haven't had anything else on the menu.Service was good, they usually take good care of me. It's rather loud during busy times. So not a nice quite place to talk over dinner kinda place. Especially when the waitress line dance, and there's them birthday songs too. Hope you enjoy.
1	Last night for dinner my Texas T-bone was under cooked and tough. Returned and was brought another T-bone under cooked and tough. Half rack of ribs were old and dry, sirloin overcooked. I ordered Mug a Rita (margarita in a mug) advertised in the lobby for $2.49. Paid my bill and at home realized they charged my $12 for my two Mug a Rita's. Server great, noise, food sucked, won't be back. Best steaks are from a meat market and grilled at home on my Weber. Wish I had my $100 back. Oh, get rid of the cinnamon butter. Yuck!!
1	I have been to the Roadhouse numerous times before - the food is hit or miss depending on the day. However I wanted to make reservations for a party of 15 there for a birthday - when I called to do that the manager then told me we would all have to sit apart because there is no room to put 15 people together.  We had gone here last year and this hadn't been a problem - he then told me they remodeled and the restaurant was mostly boothes now.  I was very disappointed - so no large parties can do anything here anymore otherwise they have to sit separately? I told him that was too bad and I wouldn't be having the birthday there then.  I am just totally disappointed to find this out - not a very family friendly environment if you can't sit with your whole family....
4	After my competition Saturday 3/10/12 My team and I went to our place to have lunch usually after our pre judging show over at Mesa Art Center for bodybuilding competitions. Order my 7oz sirloin and sweet potatoes. My sweet potatoes wasn't satisfying as other times I've been here but this time it was pretty soggy/watery ehhh but I still ate it because I was craving for yummy food instead of my dieting food haha. My sirloin came out really delicious I was pretty happy and enjoyed it! Overall my meal was pretty tasty and delicious but wish my sweet potatoes wasn't all soggy/watery. Great place!
3	I had a pretty good steak here.  Out of the five of us, I was the only one not thoroughly pleased.  The medium rare they gave me was a bit too medium for me, but the flavor was good.  There are a lot of cute girls working there, and our waitress was attentive and courteous.  If I lived in the area, and was perhaps a bit younger, that alone would probably bring me back.  You can't make reservations, but you CAN call ahead.  That saved us a good 20 minutes. They were also spot on with their estimate, even though the lines were out the door.
5	I have never had a bad steak from here, and my son loves that he can throw his peanut shells on the floor and I won't get onto him about cleaning it up LOL.. Prices are moderate but the food is great.
5	Only 15 mins wait. Food delicious! My only problem was the waitress took my fries before I was done without asking! She also gave us the wrong bill-we will return cuz we love the roadhouse!
5	I'm glad that someone commented previously about Ben B. the waiter at Logan's in Mesa.  He is superb and better than any waitstaff we have ever had there.  He knows everything about the menu and suggests variations including items not on the printed menu.  He couldn't do enough for us and we will always ask for him when we return--even if we have to wait.  Richard McTevia
2	I would give this place a 2.5 but since I can't I'm going to give it a 2.  I was not impressed with this place although I should have been.  The place was lively and comfortable.  Peanut shells on the floor and a Jack-elope bust on the wall always make me feel at home.  The waitress was great but this is where this review takes a turn for the worst.I ordered the full rack of ribs and my wife got the steak.  The appetizer salads they brought out were so filled with cheese and very buttery croutons that there was less veg than toppers.  The big problem were the ribs for me.  They were dry, and I mean bone dry which is no good.  My wife's steak was huge and done well so no complaints.  We finished it off with apple pie that had a strange carmel topping on the side that spread like warm taffy... not impressed.Not the worst but I have definitely seen better.  Price isn't too bad for a "steak house," but Ill take my business elsewhere next time.
4	Love the rolls and apple butter!
4	Love their ribs. The bread and cinnamon butter I could live on! A great idea is to add chili cheese to your side order of fries for $1.00. Much better than getting the whole appetizer which is always to much food. Our server this weekend was great. Very attentive and fast. The prices are reasonable for the amount of food you get.
2	I went here with my father for my birthday. The waitress stuck us in a back corner booth away from everything, and seemed to ignore us.  The waitress was the only one who sang the birthday song, nobody else came out like they did for people on the other side of the restaurant. I got free ice cream, which was soup by the time it was brought to the table and was not edible.The meal was good, but the service was lousy. It seemed like the waitress wanted to seat us far away and not bother with us.
4	I've been here a few times and have enjoyed myself each time. I am reminded of Texas with the country music, laid back decor and of course, the food! You walk in and see steaks in the chiller...mmmm beef!! You are immediately greeted with amazing rolls ad cinnamon butter as you sit down...both are amazing! Service is attentive and prices are really reasonable. If you don't eat meat or are on a diet, I really wouldn't suggest going here because eveerything is meat and butter here. I've ordered the BBQ chicken and filet medalions, both are cooked perfectly and taste good. I haven't ordered their speciality cocktails but they look amazing!! Good beer prices though...overall a thumbs up for me and will keep returning!TIP: If you go on a weekend night, expect a wait. Last time I went on a Saturday, the wait was over an hour. But, if you go on a week night, there isn't a wait at all!
4	Dec. 2010: I ended up here by accident, having gone to Golden Corral to try out their dinner only to be told at the door that they were closed for an employee party.  I spent about 15 minutes in their parking lot (phone server was running slow) poring over my options in the area and decided to give this place a try.  It was about 8pm.It wasn't crowded at all so I was seated right away. The waitress kind of surprised me when she plopped down across from me and started talking to me like I was somebody she knew, but I kind of got a kick out of it.  I had looked at the menu and the hostess told me on the way in that her favorite was the sirloin so I decided to get it. It was under $11, which I thought was reasonable. It came with two sides so I got green beans and seasoned rice.  Rolls are provided right away and there is a bucket of peanuts on the table to hold you while you wait.  The rolls were excellent, soft and yeasty, with a cinnamon butter that was delicious but sweet and better suited for dessert.  The green beans were kind of salty but cooked in bacon and had good flavor, the rice was unimpressive, sort of reminded me if a rice-a-roni, but that steak was perfect!  It was so tender I barely needed a knife to cut it and had a nice grilled flavor.  I found out they had an early bird special menu and returned 10 days later to try it.  I got a  Chicken Fried Steak smothered in gravy with sides of Caesar Salad and mashed potatoes.  For a dollar extra I got them "loaded," topped with grated cheese, butter, onions, sour cream and a side of brown gravy--more toppings than potatoes!  All were good although the steak was very salty.  I wanted to get back there again before I left town but didn't make it since I returned to San Diego a week later.Nov. 2012:  I'm back in town and finally got back here, barely squeaked in by the 6pm deadline for the early bird steak dinner.  I ordered fast and my waitress submitted it a minute to six!  This time it was a 6-oz sirloin with sides of green beans (very bacon-y but not so salty this time), and mashed potatoes.  Because of the rush when she asked if I wanted the potatoes loaded I just said yes and forgot to ask if it was extra.  It was.  I think they should let you know this.  I probably still would've gotten it for a dollar but I think it's fair to tell people.  When she asked if I wanted the steak "smothered" I did think to ask if that was extra, and she said yes it was 99cents.  It turned out it was $1.99.  So my $8.50 steak dinner ended up an $11.50 dinner, not so much of a bargain.  Next time I'll know. But she should have told me the truth.  Other than that she was a great waitress, checked back frequently to make sure everything was ok, etc.I would return because the steak is so good.  And I should mention that it was extremely busy on a Wednesday night at 6pm, so there must be a lot of people happy with the place.
2	Not impressed. Although it was a Saturday night (11/10/12 - 7:00 p.m.) and we did expect a wait, I was not prepared for a rude hostess when I after 30 minutes of a 40 minute expected wait time I was told I still have 10 minutes as she initially told me.  I was simply wondering where on the list we might be falling as I saw people being seated rather quickly.   Seating seemed to be a problem as we were called and then left standing in the walkway with no 'seaters' available.  Then, as the group doing this task arrived, it appeared something else was much more important in conversation rather than seating four people who were just told it was their turn.  Although, the group selected AFTERWARDS were seated promptly.I ordered the 10 oz Ribeye and honestly, I could have selected better.  This meal was full of gristle and not prepared to my liking in the slightest bit.  The vegetable serving was completely overcooked. I truly am not a fan of this place and where I live - there are hundreds of other steakhouse choices that I will be visiting instead.
3	It was Friday before Christmas and all through the house; not a person was cooking, so we headed on out!We were in the mood for some ribs and fix'ins, and only Texas ribs would do.  If you've been to Tex-ass, you know what I mean. One of those full racks of ribs, or pull pork meals.  Gooo-dd!  Short of twelve hours on US Highway 10, we decided to go to Mesa instead. Our choices was Logan's Roadhouse, Famous Dave's or Texas Roadhouse; we decided to come here since it's been awhile. What can I say, some things never change and TR is real good at filing a craving. As I said in my tip, the wait time on a Friday night before Christmas was short, only seventeen minutes. They have nice little setup where one of their two managers has a headset connected with the bus'ers. So, as one customer leaves, the table is cleared in seconds. My guess is fifteen seconds, tops!  Beauty in action. The three of us ordered: the Pulled Pork Dinner for $9.49; the Chicken Tenders dinner with biscuit gravy for $9.99; the Full Slab of Ribs for $17.49 and a whole bunch of sides that came with the dinner. The only extra is what I call the cardiac arrest, Loaded Steak Fries.  It was topped with cheese and bacon, a $0.99 up charge.   Lemonade and pop ran us $2.39 each. The music was loud, the food was okay and it hit the spot.  One of the fun things about Texas Roadhouse is how the wait staff does some line dancing every 30/45 minutes, or so.  It's fun to watch, but none of the customers near the bar joined in. Our server Megan and the rest of the staff kept all our drinks filled and tag-teamed our table with biscuits and services. We thought the bill for three of $45.63, was about right before tip and taxes. We do not get down this way much, but we'll be back.
5	How do you get a great seat at Texas Roadhouse?  You sit at the bar and eat.  Kristin is a great bartender,  she makes sure your happy with your order, and you can watch  the game while you eat at the bar . The food is excellent, the atmosphere is great, the servers care and the cost is reasonable.  I've had cattleman's, Black Angus, but nothing beats a Texas Roadhouse  Fillet or Prime Rib.                                                                Note I would not recommend sitting children at the bar because there is adult talking.ps I just moved out of state to Citrus Heights CA can you guys build a Texas Roadhouse here please. One in Roseville CA maybe?
3	I've eaten here several times.  The food is above average for the price, but two things about this place make me sad when I'm there.First, the employees wear a shirt that says "I love my job!"  Please.  This isn't an independent statement of the wearer.  This is blatant corporate mandate.Second and a related topic is the line dancing.  They march the employees out to do some stupid line dance instead of continuing to serve the guests.  I swear I can see the waitstaff dying inside.  I imagine at some point some corporate idiot said "Hey, why not have some line dancing.  People line dance in Texas, right?"Three stars because the portions are good, the food is of good quality, and it is kid friendly.  If they were a bit more serious about being a steak house, and less serious about kitschy b.s., I would be there more often.
5	The bottomless bread and cinnamon butter alone are worth the trip.I've seen others complaining about the wait, or the order in which parties are seated.  What they fail to realize is that Texas RH offers Call Ahead seating.  They'll put you on the list, and give you a window of time in which to show up, so your wait can be done comfortably at home (which is why later parties seem to be seated first).   Any halfway decent restaurant is going to have a wait, at least this one gives you a convenient way to work  around it.  Short of turning business away for your personal wait-time convenience, that's really all they can do.  I've been here countless times, and the food is consistently amazing.  Rolls are hot and buttery, meals are made fresh to order.  All of the steaks are wonderful, tender, and juicy, but I'd also highly recommend the pulled pork.  The staff is great.  They keep our drinks full, and check in like clockwork.  Because it's so busy, servers usually stick to the priorities (seating, food, refill checks), but they always make time to ensure our food is cooked right after bringing it to us.  They're polite, but they don't have a lot of time to linger and chit-chat (For me, that's actually a plus).The one downside is that Texas RH is always packed, and usually pretty loud.  If you're looking for a quiet dinner, with a lot of personal one on one time with your server, this probably isn't the place for you.  But if you want consistently great food, speedy service, and a fun atmosphere, you can't go wrong.
5	6oz sirloin med rare (perfectly cooked) loaded mash, great house salad, and an endless sprite. All for $13. What a perfect lunch. The bar tender (where I ate) was very very nice and on top of the service. I was amazingly pleased.
5	We have visited this location many, many times.  We love it.  It's the best steaks ever.  The management sure seems to pick the best wait staff too because they certainly make your dining experience a pleasant one.  We LOVE this place.
3	I agree with other reviewers:  Why the line dancing in the walking aisle and right at my table.  I could do without.  I did my best to ignore as did 98 percent of everyone there.Painful to watch the server who didn't know the dance and try to learn it there.  Teach them in the back room.  Food ok; I never use steak sauce and rarely use salt but felt the need to salt my steak for flavor.  The biggest turn off:  THE PLACE IS LOUD.  Louder than I can stand while I eat dinner.  Decide if you want to be a restaurant or a loud bar, adjust your stereo accordingly and the atmosphere.  I know it sounds prudish but this is no place for trying to catch up with anyone.
5	Our first experience at Texas Roadhouse was delightful.  Emily, our server,  provided perfect recommendations.  Our meals (4 of us) from start to finish was delicious.  The manager even checked in on us, making sure we were satisfied with food and service.  The meat on the ribs really does fall off the bone...no false advertising there!
5	This is our 2nd visit here,and I have to say we are very impressed!Texas Roadhouse was a favorite of my girlfriends from her travels back East.So when she noticed one opened up here in the Valley she was excited to try it hoping it would be just as good.The first time we came here was during the week.  Everything was perfect,from the food to the service.So we had both worked long days on Saturday and thought we would go here.There was a 25 min wait,the place was packed. But, we waited.It was a busy Saturday night. At least you know it is good when everyone is lined up to get in to eat here.Unfortunatly we filled up on the wonderful peanuts in a shell they put out for you.After about 20 25 min we got a nice booth and a great server Kim.Our food was great,far more than we could eat. Thank God for to go boxes.The dog is always happy about that as well.We got tater skins,which were great,but we brought half home.I got the steak Tips, AWESOMENESS~ and My girl got the Ribeye, also tender and delish. Both were cooked to perfection. Great vegetables on the side as well as potaoes and rolls.See a huge amount of food.Coffee and Ice Tea were both freshly brewed! Yet another great thing.The girls even do a little line dance about every half hour. Which we thought was greatly entertaining.Great food , wonderful service. We look forward to returning.
1	This is my 3rd bad experience at this location. First we were there for a hour and no food, and the manager came to our table and gave us a coupon for our meal. The 2nd time one of our two steak was under cooked, so we paid for one and keep the coupon. The 3rd time again we had an under cooked steak and that's when the customer service was trouble. First the manager took half off my steak then after we complained they took the rest off. We tried to use the coupon to pay for the other steak, which was half of the coupon amount. They refused to give us another coupon for the remaining amount. So then we tried to use the remaining amount for a friends meal and they refused. Needless to say we will not going back to this location, because of the awful customer services. As a steakhouse, you would think they know how to cook a med steak.
4	Stopped back in here for lunch today, this time joined by Norm R. & Robyn N.  I went with a  10oz. "Ft. Worth" Ribeye Steak, which comes with all you want fresh rolls & butter, plus two sides.  My choices this time were a cup of their good Chili, and a Baked Potato with sour cream & butter.This was an excellent lunch with good service, & a comfortable dining environment.     :-)Ft. Worth Ribeye Steak platter:  $14.99
3	I've wanted to try this steakhouse for the longest time and finally got the chance to have lunch here. The atmosphere is typical of western-style steakhouses with the expected kitsch and dim lighting. Our server was very attentive and the food came very shortly after we ordered. I started the meal with a Caesar salad, which was good. For my entree, I picked the 8-oz. sirloin and added sauteed onions and mushrooms to the order. The meat was properly cooked to medium, just as I ordered, but it was definitely lacking in flavor. It didn't have the savory grilled-meat flavor I had come to expect from establishments such as this. The onions were not sauteed enough and were just a tad away from completely raw, while the mushrooms were overcooked and dry. While I did enjoy the casual, relaxed atmosphere and fast, friendly service, hopefully a future visit will be a better experience foodwise.
4	Went on a fri night...they are the busiest here but with the call ahead seating we got a table right away.  We love Roadhouse... consistent food and service and the two of us and sometimes my kid and usually leave full with leftovers for about $35! And...fried pickles= YUM!!!
1	Idiots cant cook a steak to save their lives. on my third visit I told the manager about my previous over cooked steaks before I ordered. My steak came out well done again. The manager delivered it to me personally. Idiots! If your going to post a "cooking Legend" on your menu to describe how your steak will be prepared maybe show it to the cooks first.
5	Awesome food. Always tables available, great sides, service and location. Catch a flick and then some grub. One thing that surprised me was the chicken critters, deceptively good.
4	Awesome value , great food and they put out great coupons.Their ribeyes are great !  Great bread as well !Staff is always happy to help you.Busy?? Sit at the bar and enjoy dinner .....Their earlybird dinner specials are great but beware of snowbird season (nov- april)This is a very popular location and there will be a wait.
2	I was here on Monday night for my moms birthday dinner. I had ordered a chicken salad and when it was brought out there was hardly any chicken on it, no croutons, no egg, and no onion. It looked like it might have been dropped. When the expo brought it out she had said that they were making more chicken for me because there was a "casualty". Then our sever came back out and I told him what my salad was missing. He then said that they were just going to remake the whole salad and he then took my dropped salad back. Definitely seems like they had dropped my food and they were going to let me eat it.
4	This place is always crowded.  Be prepared to wait for 5 - 10 minutes for a party of 3 even on a Monday night.I like the warm rolls and honey butter that you get served right away.  The peanuts on the table are a perk for some also.Really like the 21oz bone in rib eye.  The salad with blue cheese is also good.Was not as much a fan of the Sirloin but I usually am not.
4	I have to say this is one of my favorite steak places.Although you will fill up on Peanuts before you get to your meal if you are not careful/ It is a popular place to go. So many times there is a wait. We came here on Monday fairly early ,so we got a booth right away.This time I got the Rib eye and Ribs. I usually try to stay away from pork. But, everyone raves about them so I wanted to try them. Divine!However, The steak was awful! It was cooked very perfectly. But, it was full of gristle, not something I would expect from and $20.00 dinner. I took most of it home to the dog and I had to cut it into small bits for her. But, she loved it!Most every other time I have been here the food has been great! So this one time is just that , One time.Vegetables are really good as well as the potato.We all know the bread is great(rolls) but, not gluten free. Great staff, clean place.Tons of parking outside as well.
1	This is my 3rd bad experience at this location. First we were there for a hour and no food, and the manager came to our table and gave us a coupon for our meal. The 2nd time one of our two steak was under cooked, so we paid for one and keep the coupon. The 3rd time again we had an under cooked steak and that's when the customer service was trouble. First the manager took half off my steak then after we complained they took the rest off. We tried to use the coupon to pay for the other steak, which was half of the coupon amount. They refused to give us another coupon for the remaining amount. So then we tried to use the remaining amount for a friends meal and they refused. Needless to say we will not going back to this location, because of the awful customer services. As a steakhouse, you would think they know how to cook a med steak.
2	Steak was cooked good but even though it was a 19oz portion I would nock off a couple of oz for the huge bone in the meat. Also wife asked for a salad and veggies but got dry veggies and lettuce in a bowl. Not vegan friendly. I know its a steak house but dry veggies and a bowl of lettuce, don't try so hard now. Also the waitress likes to sit down next to you while she takes your order. A big no no on restaurant nightmares. This place has nothing on the big Texan in Amarillo TX. Just your run of the mill corporate creation.
4	Great food.  Great waitress.  Love how they sit with ya like you are old friends while taking orders...super casual and down home....no stuck up and pretentious wait staff here.  I love to see them dance in the aisles and enjoy their jobs.  The wait staff made sure everything was just perfect.  Great eveninf, by far.
1	Steak wasn't med rare no server after the food came the manager was wanting to know what I thought only great thing was the bread
5	We came here again for Dinner. Yes, we love it a lot!Food was fantastic as always. Fresh vegetables, really good salad, as well as great Potaoes. But, of course the best part is the meat.Ribs this time. Oh so good~Really cannot be beat.  We as well love the rolls and the free peanuts. But, of course you can fill up on those peanuts and not be able to eat too much of your dinner.We had great service from Kailey(think that is what it was)We bought gift cards and got along with them $5.00 off coupons as well as a certificate for a dozen free rolls to take home when we come back next time.
5	Amazing! Loved every minute there! The service was superb, the steak was one of the best steaks I have ever had (20oz bone in rib eye). I will DEF be back. You MUST try this place. Jam packed because it's THAT GOOD!
3	A great place for a meal. They have a great bone in ribeye for a steak cooked in a restaurant. Me being a grill master when it comes to steak means I always have to compare to mine when giving a review. It is a good steak. You will have to add more salt and pepper to your own taste and that's ok since they are trying to please all palates, but that makes them lose a star. A meal purchased at a restaurant should always be seasoned properly.
5	excellent place. One of our favorite places to eat. The staff is great and friendly and helpful. Always do a call ahead so you don't have a wait or a very long wait at all. The warm rolls and honey butter is to die for. WE love the steak and ribs that they serve. Have never had a major issue and when we did have an issue the manager too take of it.
5	My favorite place to get a steak. It's always great. If you haven't tried their honey cinnamon rolls, you should.
2	Not a fan for the following reasons:1.  Overcrowded, and difficult to find decent parking, and long lines/wait time2.  They would not seat my girlfriend until I arrived.  It was just the 2 of us having dinner, I found this SO rude!3.  Dirty,  and not in the "eat your peanuts & throw them on the floor" kind of way, our table only had a quick wipe down, and the booths were a mess with food and crumbs all over the place, I had to wipe down myself with a napkin before sitting. 4.  It would be nice to be able to order some drinks when you are seating instead of being told "oh, you can order drinks when your waitress comes, not from me (super annoyed by this point). 5.  They "ran out" of the dish my friend ordered.  Had to choose something else.  Salad had too much dressing on it.  My prime rib was just ok.  Nothing more nothing less however I did not like the prime rib au jus tasted like it had barbecue sauce in it or something.  On a lighter note, here are a couple positives:1.  Fair prices2.  Good portobello chicken- very juicy and flavorful.3.  Good early dinner specials, 11 choices for 9 bucksThat is all.
4	Found this place by chance while visiting from out of state.  Glad I came in early 5:30 p.m. because after that it really got busy.  The wait staff was friendly, advised them my 1st time here they took their time & explained the menu in detail. I had the Rib Eye & Ribs combo...portions were generous, steak cooked to perfection, food was delicious.  Next time I'm in town, will definitely stop by again.
4	Love this place. Can't get enough butter! Very reasonably priced. Great portions, great ranch, always good service but Willie was extra accommodating and friendly tonight. My one complaint is the same as many other reviewers: they refused to seat us until everyone was there. We were told 40 minutes when we called ahead but they were ready long before that. They gave our table away and it increased the length of our wait.
4	Great steak! Well seasoned and really tender. Natasha was our server, took great care of us. Would recommend this place any time.
5	We were hungry for a good ol' steak and baked potato, and as usual we were not disappointed.  Food came when it should (steak came after our salads were done),it was hot, delicious served with a smile. JUSTINE was our server and was fun to watch.....she never once let that smile go away even tho she was plenty busy.  Besides some 2 tops she also waited on 2 tables of 6!  I gave up counting how many baskets of rolls she delivered and how many drinks she refilled...always with that smile and gracious attitude.Only downer was when a runner brought our food I asked for more butter and she replied that she wasn't our server and that Justine would have to get that for me!  J happened to be right behind us and  took care of it!
2	Very... Repeat very average...I ordered barbecue chicken... Straight rubber... It was identical to the "grilled chicken" you would get at Burger King.... Mashed potatoes were cold....salad had brown lettuce...server was okay...girlfriends dinner was a little better but the steak was under seasoned..but seriously...the BBQ chicken dinner was next level bad...I just don't have It in me to complain at restaurants...also the servers and hostesses were eating at the hostess station and taking selfies....this I could care less about but it was pretty next level...pretty bad experience....
1	Dirty
1	If you have a party larger than 8, do not go here.  We had a party of 12 for tonight and they said they could not accommodate us together (one of our party from tonight said she had gone here before with a party larger than 8 before).  One of our friends said she was told by a manager that if it were not a Saturday, they could accommodate us, but not on a Saturday because they are just too busy.  When our family comes to town we are a party of 11.... guess we cant go here with then either.
2	5-25-14/ 5:30 PM  I walked in with a friend and checked at the hostess desk, told to wait a minute, 3 people walked in and were taken to table, one hostess said to the blonde hostess that we were there first and that she had given our table to the trio. The blonde shrugged with an "oh, well" attitude. Looked at us and looked away. After a long wait I walked to the desk to ask to speak to the manager but hostess said our table was being cleared. Okay, finally got a table and service was good after that and the steaks were good but too noisy and too many screaming children. In the future, will go to one of the other two steakhouse chains in the area. Steaks are a few dollars more but the peace and quiet are worth it.
1	Horrible food. Come here occasionally and about every fourth visit, they go from an acceptable value to absolutely awful.Tonight was one of those nights.Had a craving for sirloin, so I ordered that with baked potato and house salad. We already had onion rings and fried pickles the table that were difficult to eat because they were so salty. Got my salad - this was good with bleu cheese dressing. Ate it all, then came the entree. All I asked for was sour cream and butter on the potato. I added black pepper. Was only able to eat a third of it because someone in the kitchen must own stock in Morton's Salt. The skin was worse, since they roll the taters in salt before cooking. Okay... could they screw up a steak that I asked to be cooked rare? I know they aren't equipped to do black and blue, but rare is hard to mess up. Cooked unevenly, one side of the steak was medium rare, the other was medium well. I think there was some medium pink in the middle. Overall, the meat was lukewarm, temperature-wise. Again, it was me having a little food with my salt.No one got their steaks cooked correctly. One asked for medium well and got hers bloody. Different cut, or I'd think they mixed the steaks up. She sent gets back. What she got back looked like it might have been thrown in the microwave. It wasn't gone long enough to have been grilled longer.If not for the usual nice servers, I'd be upset over not giving this place a double zero for stars.I ate a third of my main plate because of the extra generous portions of salt. This restaurant must have stock in blood pressure meds.To their credit, they took my meal off the tab and offered me something else because they "don't want customers leaving hungry." I wouldn't have left hungry if they could cook better than a five year old left alone in the kitchen. But I'd rather force a crappy fast food burger down my throat than eat anything more from that kitchen tonight. Already on my fourth glass of water, trying to dilute the salt.The only thing that would have made me happy would have been a future comped meal on a day they had someone cooking who knew what they were doing. Had I taken them up on the offer tonight, I'd not have been able to eat it, no matter how hungry I still was - for all I know, my replacement meal might have been spit in.Overall, I've had better meals at Golden Corral - and most of us know how bad that can be.The kids were happy - young people are more salt tolerant, plus their big brownies didn't seem to be loaded with salt.Sorry, Texas Roadhouse. You'd already lost most of my family and friends. Tonight, even with as tolerant as I am, you finally accomplished losing me, too.One word summary for those skimming this review: YUCK!
4	Food was great!  Ribs were amazingly tender. Steak had great flavor. Wait was long and they don't accommodate larger parties. Other then that... We really enjoyed it.
5	Every time I come here I always order my steaks MR. And every time it always comes well done. Bummer. But what makes me give them 5 stars is how well they take care of the situation. I always get my server at my table as soon as the food hits the table. Just enough time for me to cut in the steak and see I need a recoook. I'm very thankful they take quick care of the situation. And I eventually get the right temp. They are very friendly!!
5	Great service from the start!  Natasha was our server and took great care of our family.  Just about a half hour before, we walked out of another Texas Roadhouse (see my other review) for non-service.   This one was the opposite!  Plus the food tasted better to me than our usual Texas Roadhouse in Peoria (which we love!).  Kudos for getting it right!!
4	One of my favorite meals is a good steak and a potato, and I must say, I have never been disappointed coming to the Texas Roadhouse. I love the peanuts at the table. I start eating some of those right away. Iced tea is good and they keep it filled up for me. I've never had a bad waitress here. They wear really skippy short shorts here, which doesn't bother me, just an observation. I imagine that for the guys to get the good tips? The rolls are pretty good, but I wait till the end to eat one due to the honey butter that comes with it. I don't like my sweet at the beginning, only at the end. :) I order my steak medium, and it came out flavorful and juicy. I eat the whole potato, skin and all, its so good. I have met the creepy balloon guy. He's just an old man trying to make a living, cut the guy a break. I just politely said no, I would not like a balloon and he went away. Pricewise, under $20 for lunch, which for a steak restaurant, not a bad deal. If you want that nice feeling of fullness after eating a good meal, I highly recommend this restaurant.
4	Been here a few times and the food is always good. I LOVE their salad and breas. Could eat that alone.
4	we ate here on 8/1/14 around 1:00 pm.  there was no wait and our party of 3 adults and 2 kids were seated immediately.the free rolls and honey butter were good.  our boys loved it.  we ordered roasted bbq chicken, 10 oz ribeye with ribs, kids mini cheeseburgers, and all american cheeseburger.  all the entrees were good.  not the best obviously but good.our server was trying very hard to be funny but all we wanted was just great service.  all in all we had a good experience.  our meal was approximately $59 before tip.
4	Had dinner tonight with a party of 7. Waited only about 5 minutes.                                                                             The only issue was 7 people in a booth isnt ideal.             ****************************************************** The waitress was quick and on the spot with rolls and drinks and she kept the table as free of clutter as she could.  Everyone's food came out perfect. We ordered the sirloin,  ribs, chicken and prime rib dinners.  All in all it was a great dinner:)
1	Called in the morning to make reservations for a party of 13, hostess stated can make reservations we have to come in. We showed up at 7pm, they said we have to wait 40 mins for a table, we waited 40 mins still no table, 2x's they said 10 more minutes when they finally called us up they wanted to split us up in different tables.  why make us wait an hour if your going to split us up?? Garcia's Restaurant was about to accommodate us in 5 mins
3	Got a medium 16 oz ribeye with fresh vegetables and a baked poatato with everything on it. Good cut. Great service as well.
1	Ordered online on a busy Saturday evening and took us 15 minutes just to find a place to park to pick up the order.   They told me on the phone to pick it up in the to go room which isn't labeled from the outside door.  Once we got there, they had an issue with their register so credit cards were taking 10-15 minutes for approval...wish I would have known that before and I could have grabbed some cash from the ATM or cancelled the order and gone somewhere else.  Waited almost thirty minutes and it still wasn't approved, not to mention the food was sitting there not under a heater or anything just getting cold.  Was told it would be heavily discounted if we wanted to wait...no thanks, I don't feel like waiting another hour or so.  Cancelled and went somewhere else that could accommodate the customers needs.  They had us wait almost an hour and after all the hassle couldn't do anything but void our order.  No free food, no nothing.  Horrible customer service.
4	This is my FAVORITE place for steak! I am the fan of the fresh baking bread there. I love the Ft worth ribeye which is not expensive and delicious. I really recommended the marshmallow with your potato or sweet potato. It is worth that price.I have one reason that i give 4 out of 5. It is my steak kind of overcooked. Overall, i recommend this restaurant.
5	Sat at the bar as usual and received great service as usual along with consistently excellent food.
3	Was craving some beef and so headed over to this joint. The restaurant was packed and they don't take reservations so waited about 40 minutes for a table of 2 at 6pm.  The prices are very reasonable and the portions are huge.  Come hungry as most people were leaving with doggy bags.
1	Terrible place to work for I just heard a story of them find a girl over her biological father coming in there who she hadn't seen in 11 years she said hi to him which upset his wife and they left she finished the rest of her day working fine the next day when she went into work they fired over that situation. I for one and boycotting Texas Roadhouse because any place that could be that cruel to their staff does not deserve my business... Yelp wants me to give them a star but I don't believe they deserve it
1	Went to have dinner here last night with my family to celebrate the Union of my mother and her husband. With that said we checked in as there were many people waiting inside and outside to be seated. The hostess asked how many people we reply 10 adults 5 children. The hostess so 15, she explained that there was no table at this time where she could seat all of us together, but if we get on a waiting list she could make this happen, but the wait was an hour long, great we will wait since this place has great food, prides themselves in customer service. Let me just tell you after waiting over an hour we finally were seated in one area three different tables. This was explained to the person seating us that we waited so that 1. we could sit as a family 2. celebrate my mothers wedding 3. Who wants to sit away from there family on a joyous occasion. We asked to speak to the manger, we got Janelle. I highly doubt she was a manager nor a supervisor since her communication skills are lacking and eye contact is non existent. She only wanted to talk to the person who spoke with the hostess since her hostess makes it known that they cannot seat a family of 15 at one table, which was not verbally communicated to any of us at the time of check in and when the hostess stated she could seat us together, we as the customer should of known that  three or four tables in the same area is sitting together. Well that didn't sit well with me because I don't know how you do it in your family but when you go out to have dinner after waiting an hour wouldn't you expect to sit with your family. Her response was it depends.I laughed I said it depends she said yes and what would we like to do. I would like to sit with my family we came to celebrate, eat great food, and toast to this union. Thanks to Janelle that did not happen. We want to thank her for ruining our experience of waiting and not accommodating the customer nor did she apologize for the inconvenience, but stated that we were more than welcome to leave! Janelle we did just that, we left and went to another restaurant thanks to you! As I left I told her next time that someone speaks to her look at them in their eyes and make sure that she has some type of remorse and communication with the customer! she said thanks have a good night.Thank you Janelle representative of Texas Road House for your hospitality. Also in case the family of 13 that were before us has not done so they were also rejected by Janelle.
5	I don't even know where to start. I am a lover of food. I would say that I come here just for the prime rib but that would be a lie. I am in love with their bread, salad, green beans, baked potato and service. Great place! I have an amazing husband as a cook who is very critical of other foods he eats. We have never been dissapointed at Texas Roadhouse!
