5	I think whether you're religious or not, you have to appreciate the awe inducing awesomeness that is St Giles Cathedral. A dominating, landmark feature of the Royal Mile, the cathedral is just beautiful in my opinion, and you have to admire the years of skill and craftmanship that have gone into creating such a structure.There is a long history to the cathedral, which you can learn about if you come here for a visit. If you're a keen Gothic architecture viewer, then this is a fine example, and there are also stained glass windows aplenty, which I guess is a pretty regular feature of most religious buildings, but I can't get enough of them, probably due to my general childlike fascination with bright colours and anything remotely distracting. Religious or not, having a walk round the wide arches of the cathedral or coming to a service is a really calming experience, and makes it a good place for getting your thoughts together in peace.
5	Of all the historic buildings in Edinburgh this has to be one of the best.  From the moment you walk in you are surrounded by countless works of art.The most easily noticed of these are the stained glass windows that surround the cathedral.  These are truly brilliant due to a combination of their rich colours and the fact that they are simply of high artistic quality.Between these great windows you will find carved stone statues also of great quality.  These are littered throughout the cathedral generally in honour of a famous name now departed.It's not as peaceful as other chruches and the amount of people makes it almost principly a tourist attraction rather than a quiet place of thought such as St Marys.  That said the ornamentation is superbs and the place is well worth a visit.  I should also mention that in summer (May to September) on weekdays the opening hours go on till 7pm.
4	A prominent feature on Edinburgh's most famous high street, the Royal Mile, St Giles is another site synonymous with historical Edinburgh.Although it's called a Cathedral, St Giles is actually a Church of Scotland "High Kirk". It was technically only a Cathedral twice when Episcopalian groups gained control during the 17th century. Prior to the Reformation Edinburgh fell under the jurisdiction of St Andrews Cathedral, so St Giles remained merely a Church in all but name. St Giles is the patron saint of Edinburgh, for whom the Cathedral is named after. Its oldest part  supposedly dates back the the 1100s (the central pillars) . But the main Church was rebuilt after a fire in the 1300s, after which bits were added over time. After the Reformation St Giles arguably gained in importance. This is, after all, where the famous (or infamous) John Knox preached. It is sometimes called "the mother church of Presbyterianism".If you couldn't tell already there is a lot of history to St Giles. You can find out more when you visit. Its many monuments and memorials and generally very pretty interior, make this Cathedral an essential tourist attraction. A notable example would be a memorial to Robert Louis Stevenson.So there's no excuse not to visit. Especially as it's free!
4	The architecture is amazeballs. Truly incredible. The cathedral (well, High Kirk really but I suppose I'll call it by the name it's going by) isn't enormous but there is so much detail here that you could spend hours gazing at all the carvings, plaques and beautiful stained-glass windows. I love that there are plaques commending all Edinburgh's fallen soldiers in history's many battles. The Thistle Chapel is of particular interest and quite overwhelming with the embellishments. Truly, it's a beautiful building.One star docked because of the tourism. Obviously it's an old and famous building, so tourists will come in droves. I do wish there was a no-flash rule for photography, because it can be quite distracting when you're trying to enjoy the history and architecture. It's also a bit disappointing that there's a cafe and a gift shop in the cathedral. I understand the photography fee since these ancient buildings need funds for restoration and upkeep, but the extra tourist add-ons feel superfluous. Still, it's absolutely worth a visit for the gorgeous architecture and the heaps of history within the walls.
4	Another one of the top landmarks and must see churches in Edinburgh, It seems there are quite a few churches similar to this one but none quite as beautiful on the insideThe stained glass has very bright colors and you can see clearly the story it is trying to tell. There are many stone statues as well.Unfortunately, I didn't take pictures because a permit is 2 pounds and I was feeling quite lazy that day. Some things are better seen and experienced without having a camera in front of your eye the whole time and this is one of themIts right on the royal mile, so you really shouldn't miss it..I will admit we did not stay very long here. Whoever was playing the organ was making a racket. I have no idea if they were tuning it or the chosen piece of music was that chaotic.
5	LOVED IT! OK, so there is a 'photo fee' but it's very reasonable. Enjoyed walking thru the history, the gentleman at the entrance was very helpful and knowledgeable. The people in the gift shop were great. Well worth the time to see.
4	When heard the term High Kirk, I first thought of the Star Trek captain after too much Romulan Ale.This was a nice surprise; I'm not much interested in churches and religion but I am interested in history, architecture, and art - all of which are quite impressive at St. Giles. The building is quite striking in the middle of the Royal Mile. While the outside is impressive, the inside is amazing, from the pulpits, soaring ceiling, arches, Thistle Chapel, to stained glass windows. I particularly like the one designed by pre-Raphaelite artist Edward Burne-Jones, but seeing sunlight filtered through the colors of any of the stained glass windows was breath-taking.
4	Escape the weather...Looming over the Royal Mile...Photos cost extra.
5	Medieval walls stores all the prayers, thoughts and hopes whispered over the centuries. Generations passed away and now we have short moment to calmly leave our thoughts and hopes in this timeless place. Stop and appreciate this great privilege which you have.
5	Walking by this church on a rainy day, we decided to duck inside to keep dry. And perhaps because we just didn't know what to expect, our jaws completely dropped. The interior is incredible. Every time you look there's something you didn't notice before. There are so many alcoves, each more ornate than the last, and the whole place has a peaceful vibe to it. We also attempted looking for the famous angel with bagpipes...keep your eyes peeled in the Thistle Chapel...hint hint...Definitely well worth a visit, especially because of its great location right on the bustling Royal Mile!
3	Something about St. Giles Cathedral didn't sit quite right with me during our visit. I've been thinking about it (off and on, that is ...*) and concluded that the entirely admirable desire to obtain funds to sustain this cathedral has been stretched beyond a reasonable limit. The gift shop now extends far out into the church itself, taking photos is a separate charge ... too many obvious hands out for money too often.But I'd be remiss if I didn't mention that we walked into several other former churches in Edinburgh only to find they'd been converted into government offices, retail space, or in one memorable case, an EDM nightclub. So if you want to preserve ancient churches in a society that's mostly given up on the whole religion thing, I suppose it's necessary. But if you're making it into a tourist trap simply to generate the funds to sustain it, why not go ahead and turn it into a museum?Okay, rant over. The church itself does have magnificent architecture, stained glass, etc., as one would expect. Not too much that's truly mindblowing, but worth a visit I suppose.* Now I'm imagining what my life would be like if I'd simply been thinking about it since my visit. I imagine I'd still be somewhere in Edinburgh mumbling to myself? Upon further reflection, I suppose I'd have died of dehydration.
5	Beautiful cathedral close to the center of the Old Town. When I came in, the choir was singing and it was so beautiful and peaceful. I would come again just to be immersed in serenity and peace.
4	St. Giles is absolutely beautiful. Even from the outside, you can really get a sense that exorbitant amounts of time and skill went into creating this landmark church. I really wanted to hear the choir, but the line to get in was ridiculously long. If we had more time to burn in Edinburgh, I'm sure it would have been worth the wait. Oh well, I guess this just means I'll have to go back some day.
5	Beautiful cathedral located on the Royal Mile.  We attended Sunday mass at 10am and were awed by the beautiful sounds of the choir and tremendous pipe organ.We returned for a free 6pm pipe organ "concert" which was excellent.
4	Beautiful old church on the Royal Mile. You can't miss it if you're looking for it.No pictures inside unless you're willing to pay some money but other than that, it's free! Wander in and just take everything in. The church is really pretty.There's also this room in the back and it's pretty entertaining. The right terms for everything escapes me but basically, different families can pick what they want displayed? (I'm not really sure, I wasn't really paying attention when someone was explaining it to me). So anyway, you have like these old, regal and "traditional" orb-things and then right next to one of them is something covered in rainbows and smiley faces. It doesn't sound funny in print but you should definitely check it out!There's also a gift shop and tourist information desk.
4	This is a beautiful and old cathedral located on the Royal Mile.  Free admission but donation preferred.  Upon entry you can see and smell the history in the air.  The sunlight shines through its huge stained glass windows and lights up the massive room with a glow.  It so quite and peaceful in here.  Worth ducking your head in and taking the time to walk around a bit.
5	That's great!! I've been there twice. The second time I met a choir which is really amazing. After listening we were deeply moved. The decorations in the cathedral is very delicate. Really worthy visiting.
