5	I freaking love frozen yogurt! I'm pretty sure I have a problem with this place... I never know which one to pick. It's stressful. Luckily they have large bowls so I can mix flavors together!
5	Wow, best frozen yogurt in the area.  I loved the no name flavor the best.  It was pineapple, banana and cherry flavored.  I chose the fudge topping and put some in the bottom of the cup first and then more on the top.  I am hoping to keep this only a once a week thing but I go past that corner too much to not stop in more often.  Place was clean as a whistle.
4	Just try this yogurt place cause it's near my house and pretty impressed to see how many variety of yogurt that they carry. I always go with my fav, vanilla with strawberry but they dont seems to carry the flavor so I have to satisfied myself with blueberry flavor. They also don't have the pomegranate which is also one of yogurt flavor that I hunt the most. But they got the rest of the flavor including the peach mango and watermelon. If I need a quick yogurt night, I know where I should go to for dessert.
4	Although there are many yogurt places popping up now, what first drew me in was the variety of toppings (the best part in my opinion!).  To my great surprise, there is also a great and larger than average selection of flavors (peach and mango pineapple...mmmm!). The only thing missing are those popping boba balls I've only seen at Yogurtland. The place is cute, trendy and clean. It's also spacious unlike some self serve froyo places. The only thing I didn't like was the strawberry topping was a syrupy canned one rather than fresh. Overall very yummy, fun place to meet, and right next to my house. Love it!
4	One of the better places to get some frozen yogurt, and since this is the location closest to my house, we tend to come here more than any other place we have been to so far. There is no indication next to the names of the yogurts what ingredients are in it, so I am docking a star for that. I'm trying to avoid eating eggs as much as I can and it is always helpful when that information is available without having to ask. I have been on the website enough times now to know which flavors have eggs and which don't so its not a problem for me anymore, but for anyone else it would be. But the flavors I have had have all been good. The fruity pebble flavor I had awhile ago actually tasted just like the cereal. It was a fun flavor. The topping bar is a good size. There are fruits, candies, and nuts among other toppings. My husband and I are generally happy with this topping bar. The best thing about this location is on Wednesdays, if you come in wearing pajamas (or something resembling pajamas) you get 50% off your total! Its a great deal. The last time we only paid $5 for the two of us. It gets pretty busy on Wednesdays but its not too bad.
4	Nice place to bring the kids to get some frozen yogurt.  The yogurt is good, and they have a lot of topping choices.  They also do some family oriented promotions during the week.  Variety of flavors is okay, although could be better.  Chocolate or Mint tend to be the favorite choices for my family.
4	I'm a fan of Yogurtland, but I tried Zoyo last night.  Their Pumkin Pie is delicious!  The pumpkin spice flavor isn't too strong or too sweet.  My favorite so far is their Orchard Cherry.  It's a bit tart, but not too sweet.  I've heard rave reviews from others regarding their Cake Batter, but it was not good last night.  That was disappointing.  Also, the consistency of their yogurt varies.  The Maple Pancakes flavor was really mushy, not creamy like the others.They have a good selection of toppings, including some uncommon ones like Fried Egg Gummies.
2	Don't go on a rainy Saturday!Normally a good place for a treat, it failed this Saturday. They had four yogurt machines empty and all the fruit containers. We mentioned this loud enough for the staff person to hear but got no action.Keep the quality up.
4	My first Zoyo experience was amazing!I had been out for a walk with friends and was wearing pajama pants since everything else was in the laundry. (Don't judge!)  I hadn't worn pajamas outside of the house in years, but figured no one would notice on an evening walk with a few close friends. But all of a sudden, they decided it was a great time for frozen yogurt! I reluctantly went inside with my pajama pants on--did I mention they were bright blue and have monkey faces on them? But I noticed some young kids were also clad in silly pajamas, so I felt better. When I went to pay for my yogurt, they only charged me $1. My friends had gotten the same amount of yogurt, but had paid three times as much. When I asked about it, the very friendly girl behind the counter informed me that Wednesday is "pajama night" and everyone wearing them gets a discount. Such an awesome coincidence!There are other random discount days--Mondays, for instance, offers discounts for people who ride their bikes to Zoyo.As for the yogurt, it was quite tasty! I love the pumpkin and red velvet flavors. They also offer a few non-dairy choices for lactose intolerant patrons. Most of the flavors are also fat-free, though I can't speak for the calories. :DI would have given 5 stars--my only issue is that they closed an hour earlier than what was listed on the door. The really nice employee did let us hang out for a few extra minutes, though, which I appreicated as we had just sat down.I'm definitely going back to Zoyo, and I no longer have qualms about wearing pajamas in public!
4	Zoyo is loacted a strip retail area parking lot. The store is clean and offers variety of flavors of frozen yoghurt + toppings for just $0.42/oz (super awesome deal!!). They also have some Interesting promotions such as 50% off if you wear Pajamas into store between 5-8pm, too.Lots of variety of yoghurt flavors to choose from (at least 10 flavors....like key lime, vanilla, cheesecake, etc etc). My party got 4 small cups of froyo+diffrent toppings to our liking and total costs came to just around $9.50 total. We were all very happy that the place was super affordable & that we still left very satisfied with taste.Wish I were in this area as I would definitely love to stop by this place more often!
4	At this point, Zoyo seems like the last yogurt stand still standing within a one mile radius of my house.  All of my favorites have closed.  So Zoyo is now my second favorite froyo.  Don't get me wrong, I've always liked Zoyo.  It has a local, neighborhood kind a feel.  There's a large, windowed garage door that opens temperature permitting.  When open, Zoyo emits a breezy, carefree vibe.  Kind of like the staff.  It is conveniently located in a strip mall next to Rubios and the pizza place.  The choice of yogurt is the standard with a few tarts, a few non-tarts, and some ice cream like flavors.  There's always a lot of candy toppings, and never a shortage of syrups.  Personally, I prefer the fruit, and here Zoyo is hit or miss.  Sometimes there is ample fresh fruit; sometimes, I am left wondering where it all went.  As Zoyo is biking distance from my house, it could easily nudge into the number one fav spot.  But the lack of fruit on some occasions knocks it down a notch.
4	Our family loves this place. We all love the flavors. However this location only sometimes has oreo toppings (big deal for my child). But it doesn't stop us from going.
4	The very first time I experienced Zoyo's was in their Tempe location with a group of friends. I had 2 different kinds of flavors mixed together and a simple topping which I don't remember the name but I do know it was delish. I took my time to finish it plus I couldn't believe this was GF (gluten-free). I usually have tummy issues with ice cream or yogurt but Zoyo's didn't give me any headache. I went for more a month later to bring my mom. She loved it.
4	Drove here on a 'I need something sweet and awesome whim'. Guy working was friendly, so that's a plus. Got their chocolate yogurt and it was really good. I will be coming back to try more flavors!
4	Came here kind of randomly. The yogurt flavors were relatively diverse, and they have a wide variety if toppings (fruits, candies, nuts). The price was awesome - $7 for my boyfriend and I to eat here. My only complaint would be the service. The woman who was working ignored us standing at the register to take a phone call, and she was openly talking about the "really old dude" customer who was sitting right outside and heard every word. Felt pretty bad for him.
1	Last two times my husband went here to get me frozen yogurt they were out of caramel. Horrible!!! We might have to find a new frozen yogurt place to go to.
