4	I love Italian delis. This is a good one. Beware the chilli paste in the panini - oof!
4	Authentic Italian cappucinos, always from a friendly face. Great spot to pop in for your coffee if you live on/along Leith Walk.
4	I've came here a few times on a slightly hungover Saturday morning and the paninis are great for that post booze - cheese craving. It has a great vibe inside with a few seats for you to relax with some nice music on and a selection of papers to read -all good touches. The best thing is the family who run the place. They are funny, flirty and most importantly, just plain happy which is infectious. I can't really think of anywhere thats similar in size and service that tops it on Leith Walk or even Leith.
4	Gaia is just round the corner from me - so I walk past it all the time and have never gone in. I thought it was just another sandwich/ coffee place, and probably a bit hippy-dippy, given the name. Today I found myself hanging about on Leith Walk, having to wait for a shop to open, so I popped in here for coffee - and what a revelation! Shelves of Italian produce, a huge range of properly-Italian-looking meats and cheese, and a fridge with fabulous pre-made sandwiches and salads. Wow. And they were playing Italian music with lyrics simple enough for even me to understand, so I sat and felt all continental as I drank my coffee. Bellisimo!
5	OMG. Amazing homemade food, relaxed coffee shop atmosphere, cheap prices. I had huge bowl of homemade pasta with sausage and mushrooms, only 4.95. Added a hot cappuccino and made it the perfect lunch.
4	Mamma Mia! This place was excellent! Went in today because I have been on the hunt for an Italian Deli I can haunt and hangout at like a Mafioso. Anyways this place had almost everything I was looking for. First off let me state its more like a little cafe with a deli case thats not to big. It was busy when I went in and almost all the tables were full for such a small place. First thought to myself was " this place must be good" and it was. I ordered one of the daily pastas they have and for the amount of food for the price it was perfecto! The food came out real quick and I eagerly stuffed my face. Looking around the place it has a little cold case were you can buy soft drinks, cheese, pre-made paninis, and other italian goodies. On the opposite side there is the dry stock with olive, oil, pasta, and tons of other items I wish I had bought. After my pasta lunch I had an espresso which was good as well. Was not burnt and quite flavorful. The only problem I had was all the cooks and guys behind the deli were busy with a distributor who was showing them a full ham, slicing off pieces. GIVE ME SOME!!! haha no the problem was they were so busy with that they forgot to bring my espresso out to me and I had to remind them but otherwise a great place! I ended up going home with a big spicy salami and some ricotta cheese I plan on making pumpkin stuffed manicotti with but thats for another day. SO if you like your pasta and coffee and other italian goods this place is a good place to stop at. Don't expect everything there like gellato and a bakery but instead good homemade food, cheap prices, and decent espresso. I am a fan and as my quest for the best  italian deli in Edinburgh continues I will be continuing to come here for the food and cheap prices.
5	Back in Edinburgh again, had to stop by Gaia again.  Maybe my last experience here-- which was mind-blowing-- was just a fluke.  Nope.  It was once again outstanding.  I can't believe how fresh the food is.  My only disappointment was that they weren't open for dinner.
