5	Seyi was the best at cutting and coloring my hair....  For a Caucasian that has naturally curly hair, it is really hard to find someone that knows how to cut my hair.  I recently came to Charlotte and finding someone has been a challenge to say the least.For some, it might be hard walking into an African American salon, but trust me when I say... It is a wonderful salon! Be prepared to spend $$$ for a cut and color..... Keep in mind, Seyi is Ouidad certified!  Well worth the money!!!Feel free to ask questions
1	Hi Everyone. I,too, went and visited Styles by Lisa and was given the run down by Lisa of all of her natural hair experience. After a 3 hour visit, I left the salon with wet hair that was not what I asked for. I have a medium length super curly fro. I asked for a nice shape up..tapered along the back and sides. I wear my hair curly, so I typically get my hair cut dry. I went to the salon, explained the service that I was looking for and was assured that everything would be okay. My hair was shampooed and blown out, against my wishes. I was told that that was the only way to have my hair cut. My hair was a tangled mess after the shampoo and the young lady, Precious, who detangled my hair made the most disrespectful comments about how damaged and unhealthy my hair was. She yanked and pulled at my head and by the time it was over, there were handfuls of hair on the floor. I was sick to my stomach seeing all of the hair. Next, Lisa blew out my hair, using waaaayyyy too much heat. She then cut my hair. I explained that I wanted a tapered look. She had NO IDEA how to cut my curly hair. I left with a haircut that looked like I had a round helmet on my head. I was pissed. I initially trusted the stylist because, after all, she claimed to be a professional. After blowing out, I told her that I always wear my natural curls and never wear my hair blown out. She then took me back to the shampoo bowl and re-wet my hair and began raking some product through my hair. It took 45 minutes for her to apply the product. She then said I needed to sit under the dryer for 1.5 hours...ARE YOU SERIOUS? It has NEVER taken that long to do my hair. I eventually left after 30 minutes of sitting under the dryer. I went home, rinsed the product out and tried my best to salvage my hair. I WILL NEVER go back to that salon. The staff was unprofessional and so slow. Styles by Lisa=NEVER AGAIN. Oh, BTW, Lisa worked in the record business before deciding that she was a "natural hair care professional". I should have thought twice after hearing that.
5	I must say that I had a great experience with "Styles by Lisa". I went in for a cut and shocking enough as I was explaining that my hair grows quicker in the top than around the asides and back ( though they had a decent length), Seyi suggested I trim the sides and accept where my hair grows the fastest at. I was good to go from there as the pictures I had planned to show her were just that. Brittany shampooed my hair and blew it out so that my cut could be precise (best wash ever). After waiting a few minutes I explained that I had another appointment and Seyi cut my hair, rinsed and styled my hair, and I even say under the dryer and few minutes. I was very pleased with my experience and will finitely go back. I liked how professional the salon was and lived the ease of making an appointment online.Thanks Seyi for a great experience! See you soon.
2	I was referred and I was not empresses .. I went for a color and a press out.. Well the color was alright only because I'm a perfectionist and one side has more color than the other and she did not notice it. There are only mirrors in the styling room which was very annoying.  Also on the blow/ pressing comb portion it came out great but it didn't even last until I got home. My hair kinked up within 1 hour of stepping out the shop. I believe she did not use enough oil on my hair.
4	My 4 stars are solely based on my experience with the stylist Erin & the shampoo guy ( ). If I had to rate my experience when I came for a "FREE consultation " with Lisa I would rate the salon a 2 & 1/2 stars & all the stars are because of the look of the salon which is approachable & appreciated and the missing 2 & 1/2 have to do with the service provided by Lisa which was rushed, interpersonal & sorta rude & didn't influence my decision to try the salon. The best thing that Lisa did was walk me into the suite where Erin was located & her welcoming demeanor & customer service are the only reasons I returned.Now back to 4 Stars for Erin.. As a stylist & a personable person Erin is an amazing and as a natural hair enthusiastic I would greatly refer them to Styles By Lisa SOLEY to go see Erin. My twist ups are the truth & she is great with timing as I'm very inpatient & if u have an appointment I expect to be seen at that time & not be at the salon all day & night. Best believe you will get in & out with Erin.
