4	I've been looking for a small Korean establishment that serves up home-made noodle soup and fresh all-you-can-eat Kim Chee in Vegas for a while. Finally, I found what I was looking for in the small restaurant E-Jo. There are only about a dozen things on the menu that you can choose from, from soups to noodles to lunch combo with spicy grilled meat. Everything is around $10 or so, with the exception of the savory pancakes that's $5.99 (and you get two pieces, enough for a small lunch).I highly recommend the chicken noodle soup, the noodles are soft, and the broth very tasty. There are two types of broths you can choose from, a spicy one (with seafood flavor), and a white one.The highlight of the restaurant is the all-you-can-eat Kim Chee. Unlike kimchee in other Korean restaurants, I believe these are fresh, unfermented, and they are some of the tastiest ones I have ever had. You get two jars, a napa cabbage kimchee and a daikon raddish kimchee.The waitstaff doesn't speak much English, but are very friendly and speedy in their services. This is quickly becoming one of my new favorite lunch spots.
4	I went to the location  on East Sahara and was immediately drawn to the kimchee and kimchee radish served in the clay pot. It tastes just like your grandma's. With soup and rice it fills your belly just right.The  sul long tang (white beef broth soup) is clean.  I also like their  nengmyun (cold buckwheat noodles) pretty refreshing.Overall, a great lunch spot and the prices are very affordable.
4	Good Korean soups here.  Don't expect a plate of bulgogi to come on those hot iron serving plates, because everything is in a stone pot.  EVERYTHING.I have to admit that their food is good, and even their bulgogi in a stone pot is good.  It has clear noodles and veggies, like a meat soup, and I loved it!  I poured sauce on my rice, ate the glass noodles with a spoon and meat with the rice...it was yummy.  Their rolled rice appetizer is old school sushi that reminded me of the rolls I used to buy when I was in elementary school at the mom and pop store down the street, so I loved it.  What a great find across from HK Star. I'm definitely going back to try their oxtail soup and maybe their handmade noodles with chicken.  Their kimchee daikon is yum and their kimchee is really good, too.  You have to try this place to get away from the typical korean fare at other restaurants. It's really good.
4	Went here last night for dinner and I really enjoyed it!  I've found that good korean restaurants in Vegas are hard to come by.  Its a small, casual stand alone restaurant that looks like it was converted from a fast food joint.  The menu items are mostly korean soups and stews.  We ordered steamed dumplings, cold buckwheat noodle soup and oxtail soup.  Everything was very good.  I was also impressed with the kimchis and loved how they came in the self serve stone pots.  This is definitely my new korean soup spot!
4	Not sure the name of the meal but it's called" white rice with wild vegitables and meat. It is a great variety of healthy goodies. You won't be bored with this one and adding a little bit of the hot sauce gives it a nice kick.The kimchi is great. I think it's the best in town. And it's homemade not manufactured in a factory. I think it's all u can eat kimchi cause they never stop u from getting more.The restaurant is very clean and the service is friendly. They have a big screen with a Korean channel on. I find there shows quirky and entertaining. I Usually stop here before I shop at the 169 market.
4	All I have to say is their oxtail soup and steamed manduus are bomb!! Decent menu selection for a restaurant their size. Great, friendly service.
2	I'm Korean so I know what korean food tastes bad or good. The kimchi was good but the soup was not so great and I've tasted sooo much better! The service was a bit bad also, only one lady working while the owner is just sitting around drinking beer and watching T.V. Our lady server spilled the rice bowl on the floor causing a bit of commotion. In one of our orders, they forgot the cow meat in the soup and just gave us the plain soup. We informed her and 10 minutes later she brings out the cow meat in a different bowl. In addition, slow service, it took them 30 minutes to bring us out our food. I've tasted better, I probably won't be coming back here again.
3	If you are in the mood of having a warm bowl of soup or stew, this is the place you can try many different types of Korean soup or stew. I can't not say that they are the best in town but I enjoy coming here to dine or take it to go every now and then.. I have tried their Beef Soup and Hang Over Soup.. Of course it comes with all you can eat Radish & Cabbage Kimchi, and other assorted banchan :P 1. Beef soup-A milky white soup made of long-simmered ox leg bones, I like to add a lot of chopped scallion & chili seasoning after served to give it a little kick, but some people prefer it plain with rice and banchan. 2. Hang Over soup-I had it not after consuming alcohol, but odered it to go when I was down with a cold. It is basically a spicy beef soup with lots of cabbages, leeks, bean sprouts & slices of tender beef. It is a very healthy soup because it 's got lots of vitamins and nutrients. These are very comfort Korean food that I would recommend to those who haven't tried it yet,, especially in the winter months when the weather gets cold and windy. Nothing tastes better than a bowl of warm soup on a wintry day :)They also serve breakfast from 7am to11am.
3	I told our server that someone in our party had a plane to catch, and service was quick. While it wasn't the best Korean sullung tang I have ever had, it was pretty good and satisfying. The soup is hearty and probably makes for some good hangover treatment. The radish kimchi was perfectly ripened, but the cabbage kimchi probably could've used some additional time. This is a good place to stop by if you want some quick fix Korean food. It was one of the only restaurants in the immediate area that was open for lunch on Sunday - probably partially due to the bad economy.
4	Best kimchi and mul neng myun in town! Second time I've been here and I will definitely go back when I'm craving Korean soup again.  I've also had the oxtail soup and chicken with handmade noodle soup here too. Both I would order again.
5	I came here with my parents, since Baja Fresh was closed. They asked me how about this place... I was hesitate at first, since I didn't hear much great things, but when my mother told me all my relatives from Korea LOVED this place when they visited Vegas for my cousin's wedding... that changed everything. My mother goes.. have you even tried their food??!! I said Nooo, but heard it wasn't good. Then she goes.. how You know that if you never tried this place yet??!?!! Good point...That being said... we went in and the owner recognized my Father. My father goes.. you remember me?? The owner goes... yes of course!!! The story behind this was.. when my relatives from Korea were in town.. they literally came here every single day for two weeks. They Loved their soups and thought it was better than Tofu Hut. The owner even gave my uncle a free bottle of soju when he ate there.. If you don't know about my uncle.. he drinks soju... in the morning, afternoon, evening, and even late night!! It's a Korean tradition back home I swear!!!We all ordered their Oxknee Soup.. which is #5 on the top list of food picture you see on the right side when you walk in or in the menu book .. under Soup.. it's #3 called Beef Knee Bone Soup. If you like tendons, the chewy muscles... this will be your favorite soup to have. My parents say this soup is the best from all the others. The broth is milky, beige from all the slow cooking from the bones of the meats. It's so soothing and tasty. I loved it!!! I added tons of sliced green onion and a tablespoon of salt, but you can determine how much you want. The tendons were soft, jelly-like chewy texture... only a few were somewhat firm in chewing. If the pieces are too big to put in your mouth, there's a scissor to cut it in pieces.. which is also used for the two types of kimchi they give you. One is napa cabbage and the other is daikon radish... it comes in two thick dark jars and an endless amount of kimchi to your hearts desire!!! There's a separate dish, where you place the kimchi's to cut into pieces and add to the soup or eat as a condiment. They first bring out six complimentary pieces of deep fried zucchini.. then the kimchi. We were also given a jalapeno, daikon, and diced onion marinated in soy sauce to eat on the side with the soup.The daikon radish kimchi was perfectly fermented that it had a great crunch and crisp, fresh taste to it. My mother commented on how good it was. They also give you a sauce to dip the tendons in, which consist of soy sauce and hot mustard.. you mix it together and dip the tendon or should I say coat the tendon in and eat it with the bowl of rice... sip the broth of the soup after and it all goes down so well. Delicious, soothing, and perfect for a cold winter night or day!They provide barley tea and at the end.. you get a free cup of cold, refreshing sweet rice drink for dessert. It also helps with digestion my mother pointed out. Great way to wash everything down and even in Winter, it was so invigorating to drink. Loveloveloved it!!! This place is right across the street, adjacent to Cafe Moda and in the same complex of 168 Market. It has brown brick walls and a red sign on top of the restaurant. The sign is written in Korean, so don't bother looking for E-Jo at all. They have about eight tables inside and a tv that has some korean drama playing. I didn't think much of this place from the reviews I read, but this place ended up to be such a delightful surprise. They are known for their soups and tasty broth. Service was great and the soup was therapeutic. It stayed hot for a long while, since the pot kept the heat in the soup and even after.. the broth stayed perfectly warm to just sip through. My father told me when you eat this soup, you won't get hungry for a long time. It was very filling, but in a good way. It just relaxes you... I guess you really can't judge a place by a few bad reviews. You need to come here and try it yourself or at least with someone that knows what's good here. I finally did and enjoyed it.
5	I regret not having tried this place sooner.  For over a year now, my wife and I have talked about scoutiing out this restaurant before taking the kids.  We finally tried it today and we were very happy with the food, the service, the price, and the cleanliness.  We ordered the brisket soup, ddokbokki (rice cakes in hot sauce), and steamed mandoo.  We loved all three dishes.  The banchan or side dishes (kimchi, radish kimchi, and bean sprouts) were by far the best I've had in Vegas.  Raised in Korea and having lived in NY, Washington DC, and in Chicago before moving here, I've had some great Korean food and this place matches many of the restaurants that serve this type of simple "comfort" food.  We were so impressed that we're taking the kids in a few days.
3	We were craving Korean food, last night and I figured we would give E-Jo a shot, since the wife was always wondering about it.We walked in as they were serving a pretty good sized family, and were seated at what almost seemed like folding card tables. We ordered 2 hot corn teas and a water, we got 2 hot corn teas and a cold corn tea. We were given one menu for three people too, which was rather inconvenient. Upon looking over the lone menu, and the picture menu on the wall, we realized E-Jo is strictly a soup restaurant. Unfortunately, that doesn't work for my stomach, as I can eat plate after plate of "real food" and still be hungry, soup is just like an appetite kick starter for me. My wife and her sister weren't really feeling the soup either, so we asked the server what we owed for the drinks, as we were looking for more than soup. She was very friendly and tried to sell us the kal bi and bulgogi soups, when we said thank you, but we are going to try somewhere else, she wouldn't accept payment for the drinks and wished us a good night.
4	6am is not a fun time to wake up to work out, but if there is a possibility to get Korean food for breakfast, I am more than happy to wake up. E-Jo is mainly a soup destination. A majority of their offerings are broth based and that is fine by me. Winter means sweaters, boots, and a fiery bowl of Korean love. Even if Vegas winter is a nice 65 degrees.This time around, I had ordered the Haejangguk (Hangover Soup $8.95). The broth is piping hot and rich. The cabbage, leeks, and bean sprouts are plentiful. The beef was on the dry side. I wished they put the clotted blood cakes into the dish, but I am guessing that is what they blacked out on the menu and board. The soup was good enough to get three stars from me, but it was the kimchi that has me at a four. The pot of cabbage kimchi is the best I have had in Vegas. Other places skimp on the red  pepper mixture leaving theirs bland, sometimes sweet, and lacking of flavor. Not at E-Jo. They do it right by opening each leaf and spreading in this magical combination. It is a tedious process, but that's how good kimchi is made. By clean up time, I had ate the whole pot with the exception of two leaves. The radish kimchi was not my favorite. The taste did not compare to the other, but it is not inedible by any means.
1	I will give it no stars... but Yelp makes you give at least one star.My mom took me here one day and we were disappointed with the beef soup and the spicy hangover soup. I should have learned that time. I went back again, because it was close to where I was and I really needed some soup in the morning -- went back at 8am recently, and I actually left without eating. I just paid and left. I had one sip and  knew it was a mistake to have come back. I had the Haejang gook -- it was bland and tasted really like water - not hot either. Will never go back.
4	Very authentic and traditional Korean food.
