5	I highly recommend this restaurant!  I had no expectations going in.  I was working in the neighborhood and just wanted to grab a bite.  It looked promising from the outside and it more than met my expectations.  The restaurant is beautifully decorated with warm colors and soothing light.  They were playing pleasant music and the cashier smiled at me when I walked in.  It is a quick-service restaurant with a full-service atmosphere.  The menu was well ordered and I found it easy to pick what I wanted.  I ordered a grilled-chicken plate.  The cashier told me that since everything was made fresh there would a brief wait.  She gave me a piece of flat bread that I saw the cook baking fresh in a clay oven and told me to help myself to the soup and salad bar.  I got myself a cup of soup and sat down.  The soup and the bread were soulfully satisfying. I eat out for lunch often and those two things alone were better than 90% of the food I've had out there.  After less than ten minutes my lunch was ready.                   On my plate I found two carefully butterflied chicken legs, spiced and char-grilled to perfection.  They sat on top a generous portion of perfectly cooked rice.  There was a side of Greek yogurt and a package of powdered sumac.  I'd never had sumac before but I'm pretty sure I'll be eating it with every meal from now on.  It was garnished with a grilled roma tomato, a fresh sprig of parsley, and lemon wedges.  It was all thoughtfully presented and professionally executed.  It was the best eight dollars or so I have ever spent in a restaurant.
5	So happy this place just opened down the street from me!  I noticed the beautiful pink/purple lighted trees outside, and had to go in.  The menu is simple, and the portions are generous.  I ordered the Koobideh kebab with a side of baba ghanoosh.  The kebabs were large and served over a huge bed of rice.  Loved the grilled tomato and also the fresh onions.  Even the radishes were good.  A little heavy on the fresh parlsey, though.  The meal also included the salad and soup bar.  All ingredients were very fresh, and I liked the balsamic dressing they had.  Only complaint is that the items on the salad bar were individually covered, which made getting my salad a bit awkward.  Had to hold the lids while balancing my plate and making my salad.  Also, the drinks were in a weird location right in fron of the counter.  I think they should be put just around the cashier, so I don't have to tell the people in line to 'excuse me' while I get my drink.  I think this should have been planned out a little better.  But the food is thoughtfully prepared, perfectly spiced, and the fresh bread is a nice touch.  We even tried the baklava which was out of this world!  Portion was about a 1-inch square for a dollar, but was just enough.  We will definately be going back to try more items.  I hope this place does better than the Bluefire BBQ across the parking lot.  Great food, great value = repeat customer  :)
5	I walked in here and man it's really nice and big. Come to find out that I know the owner reza. The food quality and service is a+. If you want Persian food here in Vegas this is the best. Must try the homemade baklava as well.
5	Awesome food, great service, lovely atmosphere, and you can help yourself to hot Persian tea and a bowl of aashe (basically a lentil stew) while you wait for your food. The kabobs are excellent but even more importantly, the RICE is good! Don't let yourself miss out on good Persian rice, you don't see it done well every day and at their prices, there is no reason to pass this place up on that merit alone.Only sad thing is that they don't seem to have lamb on the menu. They have beef, chicken, and salmon (?!). It's a shame because I bet they'd make an excellent lamb kabob!
5	Why aren't there more people eating here already? This place is amazing! It has everything I'm looking for in a restaurant:1. Great food2. Great service3. Low pricesI mean, come on! $20 for dinner for two, with an appetizer dip (crushed garlic, i forgot the name), free freshly made pita bread, soup, and a drink included! Oh yeah, I'm definitely gonna be a regular here.
5	Ever since Mad Pita Express (and previously Hummus) closed it's doors and turned into Pan Asian, I've been looking for a solid Mediterranean place to go for lunch near my work. Not that I don't love Pan Asian - I definitely do - I just miss going for a quick bite of tasty, Mediterranean goodness. Everything I've tried in the area is either a bit too far for a short lunch break or just not very good. I was convinced that I would just have to save the Mediterranean food for dinner or the weekends. Not anymore! Today I discovered The Village Mediterranean Grill. When I walked into The Village, I was greeted by multiple staff members. The atmosphere is welcoming and the restaurant is bigger on the inside than I expected. The guy who took my order was very friendly and introduced me to some of the other staff members. Another little touch that I thought was nice was he saw my name on my credit card and called me by name the entire time I was eating. Talk about customer service!I ordered the koobideh and beef kebab. While I was waiting for my food, they offered me some homemade soup and brought out fresh flat-bread. As I was about halfway finished with the first peice of bread, the server came over gripping a brand new piece of bread in some tongs and dropped it on my plate. This was as fresh as it gets! The bread was AMAZING! The bottom was slightly charred and crunchy, but the insides were warm and soft. I was dipping it in the lentil and vegetable soup at first, but soon after just started eating it by itself. The bread alone made the trip worth it.The kebabs came out accompanied by a huge pile of rice. My server recommended that I sprinke some sumac on the rice and said that I wouldn't regret it. He was right. The rice was nice and moist and I was fine eating it by itself. It was even better when I mixed in some onions and radishes that sat on the side of the plate. Throw it all on some bread and stick a piece of meat on there and you're golden. The beef was very tender and juicy. Both skewers had a great flavor and worked well with the rice+sumac mixture. A bit of lemon juice accented the whole meal nicely.  I am a bit dissapointed that I didn't see the appetizer menu until I was already sitting down. I'll definitely be trying the hummus and grape leaves the next time I come in. Each appetizer is only $1.99, too. I'm really not a fan of places charging $7 or $8 for a fairly small portion of hummus. Two dollars is more like it. I'm kind of glad I didn't see those when I was ordering, though, because I was stuffed when I finished my meal!This will definitely become one of my regular spots. With friendly service, great food and very reasonable prices, I highly recommend The Village Mediterranean Grill. Go.
5	I love this place!!!!Ive been wanting to try this place for a few weeks! Im sooo glad we went! Its sooo yummy and inexpensive! We went and it was pretty dead, we looked at the menu and were surprised at the prices! Theyre cheap imo! Ive been to other mediterranean/persian places and this one was the best!I ordered the chicken breast kabob with rice (7.99$)and the bf got the combo koobideh plate and my son just got a side of fries. Our food did take about 20mins or so but thats a good sign imo, it means its FRESHLY COOKED!! I didnt mind the wait at all! In the mean time we tried the hot tea and lentil soup, complimentary of course!! They give you pita bread before your meal and if you ask for extra they give it to you with a smile! Other places its 2$ for an extra but not here, well not with us! Lol. Our food came out and OMG!!! It looked soooo yummy!! I almost took a bite but remembered I had to take pictures! Check em out! So I buttered my rice and bit into my chicken, oh my! I needed new panties after that! Ive never had a piece of meat in my mouth that tasted that yummy!! Haha. The chicken was sooo succulent and rice was cooked PERFECTLY!! I was literally on cloud 9! My son got a plate of fries (2.49$) and they were sooo flavorful! I loved the spices on them! My bf said his was super delish, I knew he wasnt lying bc the food was gone in 10 mins! Hes also Persian so I trust his jugdement, hehe. Also the baklava was freakin orgasmic! Not all heavy, but little pieces of joy in your mouth! I think they were only 1$ too!The service was amazing! I forgot his name but hes cuban and the cashier, was sooo sweet and made sure we had everything we needed and made sure everything was yummy! Also, the bathroom was sooooo clean as was the establishment! I loved the deco and the cherry blossom tree that lights up! They have a big one inside and some outside and theyre sooo beautiful!!We will def be back x100000!!
2	I have eaten at many Greek / Mediterranean restaurants around the country and I call them as I see them. My wife and I went for lunch on 2/21/2012 after reading the reviews on yelp and also wanting to try a new venue. The place has a Med type atmosphere, I liked the pink lighted trees. In two corners of the restaurant are "booths" which hold 10-12 people in which you have to sit "indian" style which I thought was a nice touch. They have been open approx. 5 weeks at this writing and there have been some changes since previous reviews. The food came out warm not hot 15 min after ordering. Check out the scan of the current menu dated 2/22/2012 in the photo section. This is what we got:Lentil stew was complimentary, you get your own from a hot pot in the middle of the rest. and it was hearty. You get one piece of flatbread with each entree ordered, extra flatbread is $1 ea, no big deal. Bread was not as chewy as I like IMO. They have a complimentary hot tea station, and if you order a soft drink, they give you a cup and you go to the self serve soda fountain. Order your food, they give you a number and pick it up when they call your order.Chicken Kabob: $8.99 Eight pieces of one inch square cut chicken breast, 2 cups of rice, a few pieces of sliced onion and radish, a par grilled roma tomato and a lemon wedge. The chicken had no flavor except "chicken" . No seasoning at all, it was cooked well. The rice was cooked well, and I really don't know what was with the raw spanish onions and radishes.Beef Kabob: $9.99 Eight pieces of one inch square beef steak marinated, 2 cups of rice, a few pieces of sliced onion and radish, a par grilled roma tomato and a lemon wedge. The beef was lightly seasoned and cooked well, nice and tender. The rest was as above.Stuffed Grape Leaves: $2.99 for four leaves. They tasted good, but they were from a can.Soda: $1.49 eaThe restaurant was clean as were the restrooms. I have never had Greek / Med food that was so bland. Total check was $24.95 before tax for two people, a bit much for a little meat and a lot of rice. At least the rice filled us up. I mixed the lentil stew into the rice for some flavor as the rice was plain, no seasoning. Weird thing, no lamb on the menu. Now you will know about the food and it is up to you to try it.
3	First time here. It was an  awkward silence when we walked in lol but the food is very tasty and the LED tree lights were really cool to look at.
3	With my camping gear packed, water bottle filled I made the trek to the West side of town to The Village.  Courtesy of a good friend of mine, this joint came highly recommended.It's hard to miss the restaurant from the street with the beautiful purple trees outside (also found inside).  We barged right in, shoved two long tables together and waited for all (8) family members to arrive.  The dining space is huge! It almost seemed like after all the dining patrons have gone home the staff could easy shove all the tables aside and turn it in to one huge after hours dance party. A better analogy would be to describe the inside of The Village as a cafeteria, is that better?On to the menu. A one-sided card with menu items listed there didn't appear to be anything over $10.00 on the entire menu; now you're speaking my language!  The hummus was eh, the pita bread was decent, and chicken kabob was ok.  Each entree comes equipped with it's own little mini "salad" -- I have placed salad in parenthesis because it was literally 4 pieces of lettuce, 2 cucumbers, and 2 slices of tomato; obviously not the highlight of the meal.  The chicken kabobs were decent, healthy portion of rice served with this dish (never a bad thing in my book), but you have to order the yogurt sauce as a separate side; I didn't therefore my chicken lacked a tad in flavor.All in all there's not much to report regarding the service since it's pretty much a "fast food" type Mediterranean eatery where you seat yourself, order, pick up your food and grab your own drinks from the drink station.  It's a cute concept but for me, not being in my neck of the woods and all I doubt I will find myself driving 25 minutes specifically to eat at The Village.Price is fantastic, food quality decent, and nice purple trees?
4	They are FINALLY open on Sunday's! I loved this place when they first opened! They have now taken away the salad, the soup and the free tea. Originally loved it since it was a "fast food" type of place but with the new owner they seem to be trying to turn it into a restaurant...looks like the next Royal Persis. Hopefully the food remains the same...
4	I recently went for dinner with the wife and the kids. This place always has the biggest bang for the buck. Most food under $10 and heaping portions of kabobs and rice.When we came in today, the counter where I ordered before was replaced with a wall and a host stand asking to please wait to be seated.We were taken to our seats and handed new menus. We looked inside and found that most of the prices had gone up. I thought, "Well it was good while it lasted but this place had succumbed to the price of doing business."We didn't do any drinks other than water. Good thing because we were informed that they were out of ice. Not really sure how you can run out of ice. Thankfully, their water was seriously cold.We ordered:Gheimeh Bodemjan: a slow cooked stew of beef, lentil and tomatoes with roasted eggplant. This was not a thick stew. More of a thin to medium broth with the lentils providing the stew consistency.Chicken Fessenjan: chicken chunks slathered with a delicious sauce made with pomegranate and crushed walnuts that had a light sweet and slightly sour flavor.Beef and Chicken Koobideh: Seasoned ground beef and chicken kabobs served with rice. We opted to get the lima bean and dill rice. My daughter made a bee line for the lima beans.We had also gotten a yellow split pea soup, but not notable.When the food came, I noticed that the portioning was significantly bigger. The koobideh was about 1 1/2 to 2x larger. The Gheimeh Bodemjan was very good. The Fessenjan was really, really good.When the waiter came by to ask about our meal, we said that the Fessenjan tasted very similar to the one we had in at our favorite kabob place in Chicago, Reza's. He said that he was very familiar with the chain there and that there were many who commented to that fact. He also mentioned that many purveyors of their food liked the west side location over their east side location at Royal Persis.That's where it clicked. I recognized the food now. I am a big fan of Royal Persis. Their food is great and big portions. I haven't been there for a long time because of the fact that they are way east near Flamingo and Eastern that I just don't get a chance to get out there.They said that they are keeping the Village name, but changing to Royal Persis's menu. This is a great thing.While I usually think about cost and taste where this is definitely more than I'd pay for dinner, if you go with a group that doesn't mind eating family style, you can share items. The kabobs are just that delicious.As of 6/24/12, the village website menu is incorrect. Please do not think they are using a bait and switch here.
3	First off... Went here because Hedary's is closed sun and mon... Wanted some good lentil soup and maybe a kabob. Pita was cold and stale almost walked out when it came out.  But I said let me try the lentil soup.  Lentil was okay not amazing but okay.  So I stayed.  Ordered chicken kabobs. kabobs were tender and very well prepared asked for a side of chili which came out and was wonderful.  Rice was just rice nothing special.  If you like Persian food this a good place to go but if you want amazing Lebanese cuisine go to Hedary's.
3	I went in here because we just wanted to try a new place to eat and we ended up here.  The atmosphere was so nice.  The decorations looked semi fancy.  The paintings, the booths, the lighted trees all so pretty . The menu looked fancy but cheap. It was new I guess.  The food was okay.  I just wished I knew what I was ordering. But overall it was nice.
5	Super clean and very friendly service.  The food was great I had the chicken kebob and it was amazing, juicy with out being greasy but cooked through!  The rice is super fluffy long grain and delicious!  I look forward to trying the Baklava... but the portions for lunch left not a bit of room for dessert.The staff is attentive and very friendly.  I will be coming here often!On a side note the electric trees in the middle of the dining room with pink/magenta blossoms all over them are odd and strangely compelling...
5	The Village has changed since the last time I was there.  I was a tad sad to see that the lentil soup they had for FREE was gone!!!!!  The horror!  I was so looking forward to it! They used to have a counter where you order your food, that is gone.  Its dine in or call for takeout.  I think its more classy and less trashy that way! The prices also went up by a dollar or so.  The Shirazi salad is so good, but I prefer to do half rice, half salad and they wanted to charge me $4 for the substitute!  I felt it was a little over priced so I opted out and ate the garden salad it came with.  The service is great (besides them wanting to charge me an arm and a leg for a substitution.)  I ordered takeout since I was bringing food back to work and while I was waiting they offered me tea or any other beverage.  When my food was packaged up, everything was labeled correctly and wrapped in extra foil to keep everything warm.  I ordered the salmon and it was AMAZING!  The rice was cooked perfectly!  I felt like I was eating my mothers cooking, the best meal I had in some time.  Lunch specials are between $7.95 and $10, a great price for the quality and the amount of food you get.  I can't wait to go back!
5	Great place to eat and loved the food
4	Stopped in tonight for some take-out after a brief hunt for something at least a little bit healthy where I could also get some soup for my boyfriend who is ill.The staff here were fantastically helpful with grabbing me menus, getting me a picture menu, and giving me their suggestions since it was my first time trying Persian food. They offered me some tea while I waited for my order for which they gave me an accurate estimate (15 min). Plus: they have sugar cubes.I ordered the:#9 Salmon kebabs - Looked like a sizable portion with some dark meat still attached to the underside. It tasted fresh enough, well marinated and had a nice grilled flavor to it. This came with some basmati rice with a little saffron flavored basmati rice on top. The salad was an edible mix of iceberg and romaine with large sliced cucumber, carrot ribbons, and tomato wedges that tasted like it was tossed in Kraft Italian. Maybe it was?. Overall, tasty. (8.99)Lentil soup - From what I tried, it was delicious! Lightly spiced, very hearty. I wish I could have eaten a little more of this, but it was gone by the time I went back for seconds. Yeah.. it was that good. (3.99)Dolemeh - Fantastic stuffed grape leaves. Theirs are served cold, vegetarian, stuffed with rice and lentils. These come with tomato wedges and lemon slices. Delicious! (4.99)Maust`Moosir - Yogurt with minced shallots. This was good, but pretty basic. I think I'd prefer the Maust`Khiar with cucumber and mint (like raita?) This is essentially a dip and the girl up front was kind enough to throw in a bag of pita for my dipping pleasure! This was a huge container and I have a lot left over. (4.99)Shirazi - Persian salad. Diced cucumber, tomato and parsley. Pretty much what you'd expect. I think it's tossed lightly with lemon. Overall, a little too bland for me, but definitely a nice crisp and fresh accompaniment to the meal. (4.99)Zereshk Polo - This. Was. Incredible! Fluffy basmati rice with berries that I'm kicking myself for not remembering the name of! They were small but taste sort of like a cranberry. The sourness of them with the saffron scented rice was amazing! Huge portion for (4.99). You could easily make a meal out of the soup and this rice. Mmm..Everything was packed extremely well and they even thought to put some fancy utensils in the bag as well. I took it right home, but the thought was still nice. They offer delivery for free with a $25 minimum within a 5 miles radius.
4	I came here because of the rave reviews of a fast casual cheap mediterranean place. Their menu seems to have changed a bit (I think the menu online is just lunch special prices? and is a bit pricier for dinner) and it's not a order up counter anymore with free tea and soup, but sit down service. The portions were rather large so it was still worth the money. The BF and I started off with their hummus appetizer. Their bowl of hummus is the biggest serving I've ordered and decent, but needed a little bit more salt/seasoning. The pita served with is was alright, you need to eat it fast as cold it was a tad chewy. Fesenjon (pomegranate chicken stew, I believe it was about $13) came piping hot I burned my tongue, with seasoned rice. The flavor was nice on this dish, it was a bit sweet and savory and the chicken was tender. They had other Persian stews that looked good as well, something you don't really see on many menus so worth trying and checking out if you like to try something new.Koobideh (Lula/ Luleh, I believe about $12) Kebab here was really great here! Very juicy and deliciously spiced. I haven't had a good koobideh in a while so I tore into this. Service was decent and we were checked on for drinks and if we needed more pita. The owner came to say hi as well. Overall, pretty good Mediterranean ,Persian food. Would come back to try some of the other stews, but definitely back for the koobideh.
1	First of all the portions are small for Persian food. It tasted horrible. Nothing special. They even bring your sodas in a can. For the price you could have very good food in Southern California. I haven't found a good place in Las Vegas for Persian food at all
4	Best mediterranean food i've had in so long. They also give you such a big portion so if your not super hungry i would suggest to share. Server was very nice and helpful.
3	The ground chicken was the best thing I tried at this restaurant. There was plenty of delicious flavors with each bite. Unfortunately, the boneless chunks of chicken that came with the chicken soltani ($17.99) weren't nearly as good. The beef kabob ($16.99) looked better than it tasted due to a lack of seasoning and its course texture. On the plus side, both entrees came with some amazingly fluffy and delicious Basmati rice. Portion sizes were huge, with each entree big enough for two people. At the moderately high prices they charge, it would have been best for us to split one of them. The hummus was decent and the yogurt and cucumber dip was too heavy on the dill.It's a sit-down restaurant with a large open interior with two lit up trees stationed in the center.  If you want a more casual spot to eat (meaning cheaper) you're probably better off elsewhere.
1	I went again against my will cause one of my family members wanted to go. One $ thing is ridiculous. Still you get a can of soda. They eliminated lunch menu. Almost everything is around 20 bucks. They would have failed in LA or OC with this kind of food and service. The owner is rude. The food is very average. They reheat frozen stews(they lied to me about that by saying "everything is fresh" so never order that. In good conscious can't recommend this place
4	Where did they get those beautiful fire trees? I want one!  They serve great food with great ambiance (with one weird wall of modern art).  We had the hummus, chicken kebab and koobideh (ground beef in a skinless sausage package).  Everything was tasty and tender and well, a bit overpriced at dinner time.  I would suggest going for lunch or bring an adventurous date here.  P.S. The Asian in me kept looking for dipping sauce.Want to see some food porn? :-) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-village-mediterranean-grill-las-vegas?select=erHlZTjF6KE_vnqLHEtUMQ#erHlZTjF6KE_vnqLHEtUMQ
3	I would actually have given this review 3.5 stars, but the system wouldn't let me: overall, 4-4.5 stars for food, but 2 stars or less for ambiance and the hookah area.I went yesterday (6/1/13) for lunch with a group of four. The place was practically empty (but we were there late - 2:30pm). We sampled a majority of the menu - all of the appetizers and most of the different meats in the entrees. We all agreed that the best appetizer was the fried eggplant mixed with whey (I can't remember the Persian name for it). The yogurt sauces were also delicious and we ended up ordering more to put on our entrees. Entree portions were HUGE and we dramatically over-ordered. If you're not too hungry and order appetizers, two people could split one entree. We ordered more than one entree per person and could not nearly finish. The lamb and chicken were tender and fantastic, but I thought the beef left a little to be desired - it was very tough and chewy. We also ordered the yogurt drink which was much milkier than it normally is at other places, so I didn't like it (I prefer it thicker). But one person in our group loved it. Baklava is their only dessert, which we ordered - not the best I've ever had but quite tasty!After lunch, we ordered hookahs from their menu of pre-mixed flavors. We tried the berry cooler and the peach cooler. No smoking is allowed inside of the restaurant, so we moved outside to the patio. This is the part of the meal we didn't enjoy. The restaurant is in a strip mall, so the "hookah lounge" area is basically in the parking lot right by the street, looking at everything else in the strip mall. It was extremely hot in mid-afternoon and in the sun with no shade to speak of (they really need to install some awnings or umbrellas if they plan to make it a hookah place). Even in the evening when the sun is not a problem, I wouldn't go back for hookah because of the lack of ambiance on the side of the road. However, I would go back for the food!
3	I honestly liked it better when is a bistro. The prices, food, and portions served were great back then until they decided to switch into a more restaurant-esque atmosphere. Prices were a little steep, and honestly, it felt like the same portion and flavor of food served back when it was a bistro.
5	Great Mediterranean food with quality ingredients. Quick service and nice ambiance. You can find just about anything on their menu to fit your taste!
3	I could like this place more.The food is very good and Extremely close to authentic.The service a little iffy. We were the only ones in the place and our food took forever.  Our waiter forgot several orders.The price is extremely high for the food.  Even with a discount I was sticker shocked.  I mean this isn't a high end steak place, rather it is a very casual Mediterranean restaurant serving normal cuts of meat.  The portions are large but I still felt sticker shocked.The spice used is very good and the waiter did take time to explain some items to us, even trying to discourage our teenagers from trying the flavored milk type drink whose name eludes me now.  He was right.Take about 3-4 dollars off each dinner plate and this place would rock 4-5 stars.
1	Clean restaurant but food is very bland. This restaurant would not survive in Southern California where you can find REAL persian food.
5	We had my sisters grad party here and they entertained and served all 16 of us perfectly. Food was great & portions were big. Will def. be back
1	I have been craving Persian food for some time now, I even had a dream I was enjoying Persian food with all of my family members at home like the good all days. I have been to Zaytoons and enjoyed it. Village was freaking terrible the kabob was defiantly frozen.   The tadig with the khoresh was ok but nothing special. My friend and i walked in we were greeted by nice persian music but since we don't looked persian the owner changed it to italian music WTF... who wants to listen to that while sitting in a Persian place trying to enjoy what they claim as authentic food. I am lost for words how weak the food was here. I will never return to this establishment. If you eating in a massive restaurant by yourself, honestly my party was outnumbered by the staff. I was the only patron in here it was a very erie feeling, there is NO way the food is fresh.
