5	Another Pittsburgh Classic and a staple of my childhood! I have been going there since I was very young. One of my earliest childhood memories is going to this place on really hot summer days and being held up because I couldn't see over the case to see the ice cream displays.The owners are a fantastic husband/wife duo that rib each other, joke with the customers and are always great for a chat when you stop in. They have a ton of different flavors of hard ice cream, lots of toppings and freshly made waffle cones. They also have drinks, ice cream cakes and a slushie machine. Typical boulevard parking - street only with meters. There is seating inside and some chairs outside the store on the sidewalk as well.
4	Just a classic, Pittsburgh neighborhood ice-cream shop. They recently went under new management and a make-over and look great and more inviting. The prices are great and they are a walk away for me and my roommate. Seasonally, they have wonderful flavors that spark my sweet tooth weekly. If you just want to walk around the block with some ice cream, Scoops is your place.
5	Always fresh ice cream and have a bunch of flavors available.
4	Thanks Darren for getting me a quart of peanut butter fudge ice cream from this place as I drove us home from that crappy pizza place Saturday night. :) They use Perry's Ice Cream like Sinful Sweets in Lawrenceville does. Cute little place that does good business even in the winter! They have a sister ice cream shoppe in Mt. Lebanon.
5	Great flavors, prices and store hours. We love going to Scoops and the staff memebers there are always helpful!
5	We go here all the time! My daughter loves to try their new flavors but Blue Moon and Gold Medal Ribbon are still our favorites! Prices are better than Dave and Andy's and walking it makes you feel like you've stepped back into the early 70's or even 60's. The chocolate malt with chocolate syrup and vanilla ice cream always satisfies as well.
5	We love it. Love the flavors. Great service.  I love the extreme chocolate and birthday cake flavors. One of our favorite place to stop for a scoop a must try!!!!!!!
