2	Their tires are so good they're guaranteed to never need replacing after 1 pm on a Saturday.  How else can you explain their hours?
5	Scott at Tire Pro's took great care of me. I had a nail in one of my tires and I was in and out in 30 minutes with no charge. It was a great experience the customer service was delightful.Thanks!
5	Trustworthy and knowledgable!  I stopped in here today with a tire that was about to blow.  These guys were the best, they spent time calling to find me a replacement (I don't have normal sized tires) and put my spare on at no cost.  I couldnt have asked for better services.  They were friendly, courteous and helpful,  I will be back!
5	Great Service, Great prices, great experience
1	I originally took my car to Brake Masters on Shea and Scottsdale to get my brakes fixed and get the alignment done. They were coming up with new things that needed to be fixed every time (my car is in a decent condition) and that the alignment cannot be done unless I change the tie rods. So I decided to give this place a shot. The guy tells me he can do the alignment (?) and he does it. Tell him to check my engine too: everything was fine with it but he finds the engine mounts to be bad and says that will cost $650. I go to another car shop just to get an estimate on them, the guy tells me there is nothing wrong with the engine mounts. To sum it up, that was my one and only time at Tire Pros at this location. Therefore, 1 star.
5	Scott and Mike are both awesome. I always trust that they are being honest with me and giving me prices that are competitive and fair. I had an issue with Discount Tire that they were not able to help me out with and so I went with Tire Pros since they are capable of more than just putting a tire on. They fixed my alignment as good as possible since I had messed up my struts pretty bad hitting a curb and it still wasn't totally straight with the new strut. They didn't lie to me and tell me it was 100% perfect, but Scott went out to the car with me and SHOWED me exactly how it was still slightly off. Recently my roommate needed a couple of tires mounted and balanced and an oil change and Midas not only lied to him telling him his Honda Civic NEEDED synthetic oil, but that it would cost TWICE what it should. I told him to never go there and to call Tire Pros in Scottsdale. They helped him out by charging a fair price which was about HALF of what Midas had told him and didn't even charge to rebuild the TPMS sensors for the new tires. If you want to work with trustworthy people who will give you an HONEST quote and never sell you anything that you don't need, call Scott or Mike at Scottsdale Tire Pros.
5	Great family run full service auto repair and tire center. It can be difficult to find a trustworthy mechanic in Scottsdale. Save yourself some time in the future and come here first!
5	Very friendly staff that was helpful, informative and I felt like they were being honest. They told me what was wrong with my tire, which was slowly losing air, and they put on the spare for free. The work was performed quickly as well
5	Great family run full service auto repair and tire center. It can be difficult to find a trustworthy mechanic in Scottsdale. Save yourself some time and money in the future and come here first!
5	I've been going here for 3 years to get my very old car worked on.  They've never been pushy, always presented my options, and prices have been very reasonible.  Scott and Mike seem to be great guys.
5	Absolutely honest, straight forward and reliable. I am so pleased with the service I received from this group yesterday.
