4	Selling upper class jewellery of a high quality, Pebbles is nevertheless edgy and contemporary.Mixing traditional styles with new materials and designs, their range of jewellery is eyecatching as well as being elegant. Lending inspiration from a variety of era's, the pieces come together to form a very unusual and striking accessory.Prices and styles vary according to what you're going for. Some of the designers such as Stagg are expensive, but undoubtedly worth it as the pretty but durable bracelets look like they'd last a lifetime. Some pieces look delicate, while others lean towards statement jewellery.They have ranges for men, women and children. Pebbles cater for wedding accessories as much as gifts, but have some delicious rings and necklaces if you're looking to spoil yourself. It's expensive and unfortunately I don't have the cash to burn, but if I did I would set it alight in Pebbles. A wonderful anchor necklace has stolen my heart. I'm sure something will steal yours, too.
5	I have had experience with Pebbles both on a professional level and also as a consumer.My "other-half" and I shopped at their Jeffrey Street shop, looking for something a little unusual for a special outfit.....what a breath of fresh air!The staff did not know that I was "in the trade" at that point but none the less I got the definite impression that they were as much enthusiasts for jewellery as they were salespeople. They were enthusiastic, helpful, patient and fun to deal with.The stock is different..... very different. They specialise in small production designer jewellery from Scottish designers and those from further afield.Clean, cutting edge, simple designs using precious metals mixed with non-traditional materials from Germany particularly caught my eye.And yet, they also stock pieces that are more "whacky" in style.The feel of the shop, the staff and the stock is one of "excitement" which appeals to me greatly and I have no hesitation in recommending Pebbles to anyone who is looking for something a little different and a great buying experience.  "Stuffy" is not a word Pebbles have any concept of.
