4	I don't love to review a business on their opening day, but the Savory Spice Shop had their stuff together, and as busy as they were it was still a very enjoyable experience. First, the store is divided up into brightly labeled sections to guide you (if you're not greeted and helped right when you walk through the door, which they seem to be aiming for) baking sugars/spices/extracts, BBQ, chicken, seafood, stock & soup bases, salts... I was very impressed. Not only do they have your expected spices and spice blends, but also kaffir lime leaves, hibiscus flowers, and whole star anise, with a pretty full selection of tandoori, masalas, and curries. (Also a lot of whole/seed options, not just the ground) There were even some smoke flavors, preserved lemons, and msg available for purchase. Definitely more than I was expecting!Once you've found what you want, there are multiple sized portions you can purchase your spices/etc in. Some are already packaged for you, but if you don't want the size container they have you just bring the big "mother" jar of the spice over to the weighing counter and they'll measure our 1/2 ounce and ounce bags, an assortment of jar sizes... it's pretty awesome (and a lot easier to try newer spices without having to commit to a whole jar). Most of the selection has a "taster" beside it so you can sniff and sample the spice or blend before buying.Very helpful staff, lots of gift sets perfect for the holidays, and if you go in during their first week open you are eligible for 5% off for life. (Plus if you bring in friends you can earn up to 10% off for life) They only seemed to be missing a few products (two star anise jars were empty, and I overheard vanilla bean), definitely a very solid opening and a great new place at Atherton!
4	Add a little spice to your life! Today was opening day for this small business and they were great! The owners were so friendly and excited!It is located in the same area as Atherton Mills Market and Vin Master Wine. Talk about a one stop shop for making a delicious meal...and to make the meal flavorful you gotta get the right spices. If you are looking for a nice hostess gift or stocking stuffers, you'll find it here. They have some great spice kits for BBQ, Surf & Turf, or hot cocoa (just to name a few). They'll make you a bottle for however much you want. When you are finished with the bottle, you can come in and refill it! Yay for reusing!!I had a great shopping experience and to top it off, I saved 5%...you can to if you stop by this week. Each referral you send will increase your savings by 1%...whoo-hoo. Bring your own bag, support small business, and add some flavor to your food!
5	Great spices! Will be using them in our baked goods at Kai's Kookies!
5	Great to finally get the chance to stop by The Savory Spice Shop. Huge selection with the avantage that you can get the spices in quantities starting at 1/2 oz up to pounds.Picked up some great dutch coco and spanish paprika and I am looking forward to put them to good use.
5	I was totally impressed with Savory Spice Shop. The smells, the tastes, the customer service...all top notch.I'm not much of a cook, and I was a little more than overwhelmed when I walked into the shop in search of a Secret Santa gift.  When the staff explained how everything was organized, that I could taste everything, and then measured out each little bit of spice I needed, I knew that I would have nothing but good things to say about this place. The mere fact that you can come in and buy as little or as much of a spice as you need, and know that it is FRESH, makes it worth it.Then, I found completely affordable gifts for all of my co-workers while I was there too! AND, they had little recipe cards sitting around if you need inspiration. I'm sick of going into the grocery store and paying a premium dollar for (probably) spices that have been sitting on the shelf since they were restocked the Thanksgiving before. Three cheers for Savory Spice Shop!
4	Cute shop with some serious spices for gourmands and weekend grillmasters.  We all know that dried spices are herbs are a necessity to any tasty home meal.  However, any trip down the local grocery store aisle yields the same handful of companies with the same old selection of spices.  This can pass muster most of the time, but don't you ever wonder if there is something more that could punch up your home recipes or take them to another level?This is where Savory steps in.  Seriously folks, they have enough different kinds of salt to make you throw that little girl in the rain jacket out to the curb.  Like a little truffle in your sea salt?  Done.  Prefer some of the pink Himalayan salt?  Got that, too.  And then there are the pepper corns- a selection that makes you embarrassed not to have a couple different grinders at home to crack those bad boys down to their full flavor potential.But in all seriousness, there is an impressive selection here, especially if you do any more exotic cooking with things such as curries, indian spice blends, and far-eastern staples.  Extracts for baking are plentiful here too: 3 different vanilla beans, for example.  For those without an exact recipe, though, there is also a section devoted to pre-made spice blends.  Just name your protein or the general flavor profile you are looking for.  This will be a must-try for summer grill season.  The staff are all knowledgeable about the different options and are happy to help.  I was also impressed with the in-store demos and tasting options we saw.  There was a chili set-up complete with cornbread.  Wow.  Their community board also spoke of upcoming cooking demos, one just for curries.We saw lots of pre-made sets that were boxed and ready for gifting.  This would be an easy go-to for housewarming gifts.  Prices for those sets were moderate- about $20 - $50 for most.  Prices for individuals spices seemed moderate, but the bonus is that you can by as little (or as much) as you need.  This is really a nice addition to the Charlotte market for those who want to kick up the spice on the home front.  I''m hopeful they stick around.
5	I couldn't be more pleased or impressed with this new addition to the SouthEnd area.  Nestled in the Atherton Mills complex near "Big Ben," this little shop is destined to become a local treasure. The owners, Amy and Scott, were as patient and helpful as could be.  The spices are sold by the container or by the ounce, and Scott happily doled out minuscule amounts of everything I wanted. I asked for some recommendations and was very pleased with their ideas.  I'm excited to try some new things at home, and looking forward to their cooking classes. The atmosphere is really pleasant and organic.  Their flavor boxes are beautifully presented, relevant, and inexpensive. I found everything I was looking for, and some things I wasn't!  Additionally, they are open seven days a week, so you can always find what you need for a gift or you favorite Sunday dinner.  I can't wait until I come across a recipe that contains some obscure flavors so I can go back and visit them again! Last but not least, there are some other "brand name" spice stores out there, and this one beat their prices by miles. For real cooks, Savory Spice Shop is highly recommended.
4	I have been making a lot of my own Indian dishes at the house and could not find spices anywhere. Thank goodness I found Savory Spice Shop, they have everything I need and more. They even have neat pre bagged spice mixtures for everything from curries, bbq rubs and nacho cheese. The service is always friendly and fast. The only gripe I have is that when some of the recipes I have call for one cinnamon stick, I can not get one I still have to get half an oz. I just do not want to waste all these great quality spices!
5	This place is AMAZING. Well worth the stop in. If you've never bought spices from a spice shop, your world will change. The staff is friendly and defiantly focused on helping you find what you need, and has plenty of suggestions if you're not fully sure. My advice? Get a little of everything, their blends are on point. Are you going to spend a little more than buying it at your local grocer? Maybe... but the quality and freshness more than make up for it.
5	I'm in love!  Everything about this store is wonderful.  There are so many spices that I didn't even know existing (ahem, Tomato Powder!).  I thought everything was reasonably priced and the people were super friendly.  My first experience was great and I plan to go back on a regular basis.  Definitely go try it out!!
5	Great little shop at Atherton Mill, for you true foodies out there this is a must go to. Did you just pick up some nice fresh veggies or perhaps a cut of meat at the farmers market ? Or perhaps you are playing grill master this weekend and would like a nice rub for those ribs or steaks. Well this shop can help you out. I cannot do it justice with words, they have all kinds of spices , rubs etc. You must see ( and smell) it to truly appreciate it. This is another family run business and it shows.
5	What a treasure!  The Savory Spice Shop has an immense collection of spices, spice blends, and gifts for the serious cook.  It make so much more sense to buy small quantities of spices used less frequently for cooking, than to let spices looses their flavor.  Not to mention, these spices are much fresher than those found the grocery.  The owners are helpful and offer interesting tips.  Their cooking classes are great, too.  Charlotte if lucky to have such a wonderful resource.
5	Do you really enjoy cooking? Maybe you are  one of those people who has a tin of pumpkin pie spice that expired in 2008? Perhaps your cupboard is full of petrified seasonings.  Then you need this store in your life! Awesome variety of individual spices, herbs and blends. The ability to get as little or as much any seasoning. Excellent service from people who are genuinely enthusiastic about what they do. But most of all, come here for the quality of the ingredients.Judge for yourself; open a bottle of a McCormick spice, get some of the same item out of the bulk bins at Earthfare and then some at the Savory Spice Shop. Take a whiff of each item and prepare to be blown away of the superior quality of the Savory Spice product.
4	The people at Savory Spice shop are great and if you love to cook or just need a little bit of spice for a dish then this is the place to be. They have a large variety and you can smell and taste every spice before you buy it! The minimum purchase is 1/2 oz. (which is roughly a tablespoon) and for most blended spices it's around $1 for that amount. It can seem a bit expensive but it's a premium for good quality and smaller amounts. Each spice purchase comes with a labeled plastic baggy. For the more shy yelpers, here's how it goes (although I'm sure they will offer to explain in store as well):1. Browse spices2. Taste and smell via the labeled taster jars! (seriously, you gotta know what you're getting into and each spice usually has multiple varieties) 3. Let an employee know that you've selected your spices and s/he will package it for you. 4. Wait or randomly browse more 5. Pay at the front. I can't wait to stop here again.
5	Before I even go into how AWESOME this place is, let me be the first to dispel the myth that if you buy you're spices here, you'll be paying more....SOOOO NOT TRUE!  I did a price comparison, for the same spices at the grocery store vs Savory Spice, I bought 7 spices total (1 ounce each, which is almost 6 TBSP of each spice (salt will be less than that b/c it's heavier, and dried spices, like parsley will be way more than that since they're so lite.) and only spent $15, at the grocery it was going to be over $40....HOLY COW!  Hands down I know where i'm coming next time i need more spices!The advantages to using savory spice over the grocery?!1. Spices are fresh, and freshly mixed and ground.2.  You pick how much you want (as little as 1/2 ounce and up).  Some spices I will only use once when experimenting with a dish, so why buy a bottle when all i need is a teaspoon?  (Contrary to popular belief, spices CAN NOT sit on your shelf for years on end and maintain their level of potency.  It's better to buy smaller amounts, it will make your recipes taste better when you have fresh spices.)3.  VARIETY!-I am making Chicken Tikka Masala, one of the components is Cinnamon, why settle for the kind you can buy at the grocery, when you can come here and pick from 5 different kinds?!  How cool is that?4.  Every container has the name and description of the spice.  It even gives you an idea of how to use it.5.  You can smell and taste every spice in there.  Grant it, I'm still learning the art of using more spices and less salt, so i don't quit know exactly what i'm doing just yet, however, knowing that that's an option in the future is super awesome.6.  Staff are exceptionally friendly, and knowledgeable.7.  They send your spices home with you in cute little bags (or a bottle if you desire), but they don't just sharpie the name on the bag, they have nice labels made up with the spice info on it, making it easy to remember what you have.If you are even a passive cooker, but like to use spices, GO HERE!  Excellent quality, and even better prices!  You can not beat that!
5	I'm in love! I was first introduced to this wonderful spice shop at the Taste of Charlotte, and I finally made it to the shop. The aromas smack you in the face when you first walk in. This is the best smack in the face you will ever have. If you don't like to cook, walking into this place will inspire you! They have everything from pepper blends, red and yellow curry, butcher rubs (Mt. Evans is my fav!!), sugars, jerk rubs (Try the extra hot Jerk) to different salts. I'm sure I'm leaving off a lot. But, I know for sure that this is the best Spice Shop in all of Charlotte!!!!!
5	Love this place.  You can get so many different flavorings and spices.  You can get a tiny if you want, and you can taste before buying.  Staff is knowledgeable and very helpful.
4	This is a good little shop with a lot of nice pre-made spice blends for those of us who like life made a little easier. I am addicted to their Rogan Josh blend, but there are many other nice things as well.
5	I love this place!  The Shallot Salt is worth a trip alone! Great on steak. Everyone in Charlotte should make a trip to this lovely little shop. Great gift packages too.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this shop! They specialize in salts, peppercorns, herbs seasonings and spice blends all sold by the ounce. All very affordable and delicious! Since you can purchase a half ounce of a blend its a wonderful way to sample things  from around the store. The hardest part is deciding what to get. I have been thoroughly impressed with every purchase i have made here. Try the Hidden Cove Lemon Garlic Blend it will not disappoint!  Additionally, the customer service is wonderful and all the employees are very helpful.  Its great how they have labels for everything that they put on your baggies to take home. It alleviates the "what is this again?" confusion and i really appreciate that. Also, posted around the store are recipe cards and employee pick's that are sure to steer you in a good direction. Check out their facebook page for info on demos and tastings that they do periodically. Overall this is a great little shop that anyone who likes to cook should definitely take time to check out!
4	Hello friends,Great Holiday gifts, friendly staff. Found the ever elusivee Safron. I've been here a few times now. I like to think of myself as a lean mean home grilling machine. I don't care for the regular spice so this is a place for me. I really can't compare their prices to any other place simply because I don't know of another place. Join the mailing club!!At each station they have a index card with recipes. That's pretty shweeeet!!TTFN
4	Do you need a strangely large amount of fennel seeds? Does the idea of ghost chili powder make your mouth water in a good way? Are you so sick of the tiny little bottles of spices that grocery stores sell?!Yes. Yes. YES!Savory Spice Shop to the rescue. Inside their charming shop, and aided by some of the most pleasant clerks I've met in Charlotte, you can buy nearly every spice you will ever need. Most spices are offered in prefilled allotments and in bulk (though things like the aforementioned ghost chili powder are only sold in prepacked since they are dangerous to open around customers). The prices are really good - everyday spices are cheap and exotic stuff you've never even heard of is usually a bit more, but still way below the spice pricing scale and the supermarket.Last time I was in they were running a Spice 101 class which looked interesting. I'll have to check out their schedule next time my spice rack is found wanting.
5	Excellent customer service and great spice collection. I love Indian food, so I am finally venturing out to cook it. Although the local grocery stores now carry more variety of ethnic spices, they still fall short. Furthermore, for those who feel overwhelmed by the ethnic grocery stores, this is the best place in town. It is centrally located and easy to find. There is even a farmer's market next door for you foodies as well. Lastly, I purchased the Pike's Peak Butcher's Rub. Let's just say this summer's bbq will be that more enjoyable and my life is forever changed. =)
5	I traded in my additive heavy spices for the tranquility (word you should use to describe a spice shop- ugh yeah- it smells great!), service and selection of Savory Spice Shop.Recently, they ran a promotion that with every empty or used spice container you brought you trade in $1 was earned towards your purchase with them. Love the custom gift sets- just purchased one as a wedding gift. Splurge on the Truffle Salt or just try some of the best paprika, cinnamon and chili powder I have ever encountered. Bonus because other than some specialty spices most are almost the same price as your local grocery chain. Bring in your glass bottle when empty and they will credit another $1 to your purchase from them. Fantastic section, taste anything you like. Yes it really is worth it to shop here.  Great organic section as well -save dollars and support a great business? Sign me up.
4	Awesome spot!Upon a conversation from my friend who wanted to check this place out.. We came upon a neat find.Location - it is right by the Aberthon Mills sign, over to your right.Place inside - When you walk through the door, you find yourself in a savory and spice shop full of jars, bags, and canisters of different ingredients.  I like the set up and feel of the place, where everything is fresh, and you can go bonkers with spices and savories you desire.  Wooden floors, shelves, and easy to see items, seems clean and organic.Service - Friendly and nice staff who are willing to help you out and get you what you need.What I bought? I bought vanilla beans that are A LOT cheaper than Whole Foods, and a bottle of Thyme.Perks - If you bring back any empty bottles of spices that are done, you get a discount on your purchase :)  Pretty nifty!
5	Great service, and great products. I recommend the Mesquite & Apple Wood Smoked Peppercorns.... Awesome!
5	Good selection, excellent prices, and the staff is friendly and knowledgable. There's not much more you can ask for from a spice shop.
5	I'm very excited to have a high quality spice shop locally. I have visited one other high end spice company's store and I felt Savory Spice were every bit as good with slightly better prices and I think a bit bigger selection in many areas. Did I mention they are local? I can get there on my lunch break! They are amazing! I found them while checking out Yelp Deals and took advantage of that this time. Now I will stop in regular. No more online orders for me.
5	I love this place! I have been to a couple of other spice shops in other cities, and this has the best selection, by far. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and always suggests things I haven't thought to try. I've become a regular, and it's always nice to go in and see familiar faces. I send all of my friends here.
4	This is is a really cool place to check out if you need to kill some time. If it's spice you seek , you've come to the right place. They have numerous varieties and everything from simple syrup mixes to ghost peppers! You're welcome to try anything in the store- but I am not a huge fan of the method of doing this (pouring it on your skin and tasting it). First, this is kind of gross...even if you wash your hands (they do have a sink for you to do so by the way) you're still touching bottles that shoppers before you have touched, Second, it really distorts the flavor considering skin generally has a slight salty flavor to begin with...third, who wants to put any pepper (or things that burn) on their skin or things that can temporarily stain your skin...looking at you nacho cheese seasoning! I wish they would just spring the extra money on another method of tasting whether it's a paper scoop (I've seen this used at a honey shop in Savannah) or tiny plastic spoon. I know it's not super eco-friendly but there has to be another way.  Overall though they have a really incredible selection and super-friendly staff...I'd definitely return.
4	Great place to get that hard to find spice type of stuff.
5	What an amazing place!  I loved the shop assistant that really wanted to make sure that we knew what we were walking into. She was so friendly and helpful!  They had a great selection, flavors I didn't even know existed!  - we had been looking for pomegranate molasses all week and finally found it here!The prices were very reasonable AND they had a groupon out!We ended up walking out with Tikka Masala, Tzatziki flavoring, and some Moroccan seasoning. Very excited to try these out at home!
5	Being a Fan of Spices i was introduced to this fun spice shop.  Apparently this company was originally created out in Colorado and in never knew of it until coming here. The store is big and offers ton's of spices, extracts and other powdered concoctions.  I have most of the spices name after Colorado 14000 ft mountains. I recommend trying these.  La Plata Peak is great if you like Mexican Fajijta Spice.
5	Great place to go buy gifts for friends, and for yourself!  You can also purchase themed packages of spices, or make your own package of spices in a cute little box.  The staff is super helpful and will answer any questions that you have.
5	This store  has all the spices that you will ever need in cooking.And in any type of good cooking the fresher your spices that better. I went looking for some of my specialty spices that I normally can't find in a marginal food store and they had then for half price of what I would pay.So, They get 5 stars for having every spice I need, being 1/2 price for most (strange) spices I need. And just being friendly and helpful.Oh yea.. This chain is NOT dog friendly. But the mall we walked around is. ;-)
5	This place is excellent for all your herb and spice needs. The spices are ground fresh on a frequent basis so you will not find old spices. The people are very helpful and will let you sniff/taste a sample of pretty much everything in there before you buy it (if you don't see a sample jar just ask one of the staff to get you some). There are also discounts on already very reasonable prices, and now a loyalty program.You can get a variety of spice mixes here, in varying sizes so you can buy just what you need or stock up. Everything from Chinese Five Spice, to Ras El Hanout, to Baharat. Also available are dip and dressing mixes, hot cocoas, and a variety of salts and peppers. Since I shop at the farmers market at Atherton Mill frequently this is also a regular stop, and in the several times I've been there the staff has always been extremely helpful. All with prices that are much lower than you'd expect.
5	Best spice spot in charlotte, also noticed they have pop-ups at concord mills and south park mall. They have everything you could ask for and the staff is super helpful. You can find things you didnt even know you needed/wanted for the kitchen! Everything sold by weight so you dont end up buying more than what you need... you can try things out and decide if you like, go back for more, or if you dont you dont end up wasting a whole bottle of something.
5	I have to admit I went a little nuts the first time I tried this store out.  I was looking for some unique spices for a new 5 alarm chili recipe and boy this place delivered.  It is a cute little shop with sections around the store for various types of spices like Baking or BBQ etc.  The folks working there are super helpful and will make sure you find what you are looking for.I went back a few days later for some nutmeg.  Replacing my weird generic store bought brand with the real thing felt AWESOME.  They have a refill policy too where you get a discount if you bring in your previously purchased bottle of spice, they will give you a discounted baggied refill.  Very nice!
5	I don't know why their spices are so much better than what you can buy in the grocery store, but they do.  Their taco seasoning is my favorite.  Ever since using it on tacos I can't use the packages from the grocery store.  It is so much better.  I also love their selection of ghost pepper, which is so hard to find in a pure form without being combined with other peppers and flavors.  The owners are very nice and everyone is helpful and offers creative uses for new dishes.
5	I love savory spice shop!!!! you can buy in smaller quantities than you can get at the grocery store. also there's many things not even in the grocery store.
5	Contrary to what my wife might say, you can never have too many spices!  You never know when you'll get the urge to create that exotic dish, and you certainly don't want to be caught without that vital flavor enhancer.  Your normal salt, pepper, etc...?  Yeah, you can get that at any big box store.  But that exotic chile?  That special blend?  That great pink Himalayan sea salt?  Yeah... that's where Savory Spice Shop comes into play.It's probably a good thing I haven't checked it out until now.  Or maybe it's not a good thing... because the amount of different salts, peppers, chiles, spices, and spice blends available is totally awesome!  All of their spices are bottled in-house, and the owners are super-friendly and willing to help you out as much as you desire.  An additional plus for you sausage-makers: this is one of the few places in Charlotte where you can get Prague powder #1.  Also for the chile-heads is a decent selection of hot sauces, super-hot chiles, and super-hot chile powders (think bhut jolokia and Trinidad scorpion).This place gets an enthusiastic 5-stars from me!  No doubts about it!
4	You never know when you're going to need an ounce of Dutch Cocoa is a rule you should live by.  They have everything you would ever need to fill up that rack you got for a wedding gift from Aunt Sara.They have everything from whole or ground spices to custom seasoning blends.  They have "tasters" or "Smellers" for the various spices.  The vanilla smellers were my favorite.  The staff was uber knowledgeable in the intricacies of each item in the store and were very helpful when asked questions or to help you navigate your way around the store.Savory Spice Shop is a place you should visit and support.
5	I Love Savory Spice!  We have one in Raleigh and still visit this one when in Charlotte!  If you think you have some Talent or want to acquire a Cooking skill, START Here!!!  Before you go to an expensive cooking school, that might, zap your creativity and ruin all your natural Talent, see what you can do with simple recipes, simple foods and GREAT Spices!Hot Chocolate on Cold Winter days!  Each Savory Spice is Independent, they sell the same products, though they may not have the same demos!  Demos cost a store to put on, yet I believe are important to show prospective Customers how good the products are!Most of the Spices have a Sample bottle where you can taste from your hand, if you get too much, you can brush your hands off over the Floor!  This floor has great Character with the "Ends Up" Wood Studs, then all the Spices added to that... Fantastik!Part of the Quality is, they are grinding these Spices in-house and regularly, so they are Fresh!It seems like it should be a compliment when you cook for Friends and they tell you the meal is better than the BEST Restaurants!  Why are so many Restaurants cooking so Poorly!  100 spices in your Curry?  How about at least 10?  See what you can do!
5	I honestly felt like a kid in a candy store here. The selection of spices, herbs, and other items are too good to pass up.First of all, it smells AMAZING inside of this store. And the staff is very friendly and helpful. As I browsed, one of the employees let me know that there are taster bottles throughout the shelves which you can take a little sample out of and taste it. And if you still have a little bit in your hand, they said it's fine to just drop it on the floor. Which probably why it smells so great inside.I went to Savory Spice Shop with the intention of just getting cardamom and saffron but ended up buying other things too. Besides the obvious herbs and spices, they also have gourmet food items from local artisans, teas, unique spice blends, books, mortars and pestles, cedar planks for grilling, spice racks, and salt blocks.I really can't wait to go back again and just admire all the wonderful things this store has to offer.
5	My husband & I love to come here and taste test, browse & discuss ideas with the owners who are always present and engaging. They have superb recommendations but are also interested in hearing our recipe ideas and comments.. My personal favorite section is the flavored sugars and salts.
5	I absolutely love coming here. It's such a cool place. They have every spice I have ever needed and tons more fun stuff to try. The staff is so friendly and easy to talk to. I usually wait until I'm out of a lot of things and come in for one big shopping spree. I bring in all my empty bottles and the staff fills bags for me, which is cheaper than buying another bottle. I've bought gifts here for my husband who loves his grill and smoker as well as for my MIL who is an awesome baker. I used to order from Penzey's but I enjoy walking in and talking to the people that work there so much more.
5	Oh how I love this place!  There are soooo many spices that it may be a little overwhelming during your first visit.   Do not panic!  The staff are friendly and knowledgable so ask tons of questions. You can taste all spices before purchasing and their website has tons if recipes.  This is a great place for beginners and those that know their way around the kitchen.
4	Big fan of places you can throw things on the ground, but usually it's the places that only have peanuts. Here at Savory, it's entirely different. They have racks all about where there are spices galore - many of which you cannot even fathom.What's more, nearly all of them have a sampler (it's like a game to find the ones without) where you can open and smell, and if you are so interested, you can shake it into your hand and have a taste. Whatever is left you can dump onto the floor. If you can imagine, all those smells, throughout the course of the day, end up in an amazing bouquet of scents. It's pretty awesome.There are also a few tasty treats, including the candied ginger up front, and you can usually find a few recipes as well. There are occasionally even classes at the shop, and they will dispense your chosen spice in just about any size, from a tiny bit all the way up to a massive jar. So you have no excuse to not get to cooking!
5	Ultracool store, you feel like a warlock putting together some magic powders! This is how buying spices and herbs should be, nothing like the generic stuff you get at the grocery store.  Everything is put together fresh in their windowed apothecary.The staff is incredibly knowledgeable, professional, and helpful.
5	I get excited when I have to buy spices/herbs now, because I get to go to this special little place where the people are awesome and you can find anything your heart desires.
5	Addicted
5	Quality herbs, spices, and seasoning blends at reasonable prices. Savory Spice Shop is a little like heaven for anyone who likes to cook or bake. They have all your basics (though it's fresher than what you'll get at the grocery store) as well as things you've probably never heard of before.You can try before you buy (shake a little onto your hand, taste, and shake the excess to the floor) and buy as much or as little as you need. Many of the displays include small recipe cards to help you use your new purchase, and the staff is very knowledgeable as well. Even when I know just what I need, I like to spend a little extra time browsing and sampling--and I've made some excellent impulse buys as a result.
5	Great selection, cute store and for the area, not obnoxiously priced. Plus they have REAL cinnamon, score!  We are anxious to try the different rubs as we love to grill out in the spring. Mulling spices are going in cider as I type this review.
