4	These are some Chicago style hot dogs I could get addicted to.  Great fries as well.A lot of ex-Chicago-ans judge a Chicago style restaurant on their italian beef.  I always enjoyed a good Portillo's beef, but for me the Chicago style dog is where it's at. Neon relish, sport peppers, celery salt, tomatoes, and a pickle spear really make a perfect dog for me... and this place does it great, for only $1.99 a dog!   Not to mention, their chili cheese dogs and fries remind me of some 2am trips to Hoagie Hut, at which I gained 20 pounds in 3 months after moving in across the street.Come to think of it, you might want to stay away unless you enjoy shopping for larger pairs of pants.  Enjoy in moderation, people.PS - This is in the old Fasoli's, next to BevMo.
3	I saw that this place opened up a little while ago so I was really wanting to switch up from eating the regular ol' burgers and try the italian beef sandwiches. The inside is decorated with a lot of memorabilia and pictures, and I thought it was kind of interesting that they had street signs next to all of the tables by the wall. Anyway, the people working here were really nice and suggested some menu items when they saw we were taking our time looking over the menu. I finally chose the Joey's 6" cheesy beef, wet (meaning they dip it in gravy) - that almost sounds dirty, doesn't it? Well, it was far from that! I got the combo with a side of fries and it was a lot of food...even for me. Plus, you're going to need a lot of napkins with this sandwich.My overall experience was good, I'd love to come back and do a review update on some of their other menu items - most likely their Chicago dogs...until next time!
5	This place is a little slice of heaven for anyone that has lived in or around Chicago. The Italian beef is very authentic, sliced just right, perfect seasoning, and the buns texture is just right when dipped into the juice. This place used to be Fazoli's and I can tell you that this is the fist time this building has had good food in it. The Chicago dogs are cheap and made exactly to specifications. I will be back.
2	My less than pleasant experience started off with a very unpleasant smell in the men's room. It wasn't your normal unpleasant odor that trends to occupy the men's room. This was imported from deep under Chicago's seedy underbelly.Next I ordered 2 hotdogs with everything except the raw unions. They came out with raw onions. After I scraped the onions off, they were pretty good hotdogs.The staff was friendly and helpful. I'll have to come back and try it again sometime after my nose recovers.
1	How do they dare call this a Chicago hot dog?  The dog is the size of a pencil and you can't taste if it's real all beef.  If you are used to Chicago hot dogs from Chicago, don't go here!
3	Would love to give it more stars but... I was let down. There are few things I love more than a good Chicago dog and when it comes to that there doing it right. However, the fries and onion rings were terrible! The oil must has been days old, you could taste the chemical breakdown that oil gets when it's been over used... Over all I would come back but mid day to the latest if this is going to be a corner they are going to cut on a regular basis.
1	We went here the other day before the Cardinals game to try this place out I go t a recommendation from a co-worker. He went to the one in Cave Creek and said it was pretty good. I will start out, the the place is nice and clean and has some cool chicago stuff on the walls. But, it is still the old fazolis place and they didnt change anything really other than some pictures on the walls. I had the Itialian beef with cheddar cheese and a hot dog. Where to start... The Italian beef was poor to put it politely. The beef has zero flavor and the bread was not crispy or airy at all.  I ended up just eating the beef out of the the bread because it had cheese on it, I enjoyed the cheese...  Comparing it to other places it was horrible. The Hot dog was good. But really how hard is it to grill a hot dog and put some veggies on it... I hate to say it but I would of rather gotten one from the Home Depot hot dog guy than here. They wrapped the dog up in the wax paper and it just condensed all the stuff inside. Overall I will not be back and my search for great food is on....
3	The polish sausages and fries were definitely good. However, don't get the regular dogs (I believe the Chicago Dogs?), you might as well make it yourself!
5	This place is outstanding and i rate it a 5 stars.Everything on the menu is outstanding and especially the Italian Beef, just the way you like. this place is very reasonable.
2	I stopped here for lunch and the only thing positive to say was that the service was good and people friendly.  However the food was blah..I had a chicago beef sandwich and the beef didn't have any flavor and was tough.  And I asked for the "wet version" which was just au jus on the meat..but it still made the bottom half of my sandwich soggy and the bread then was like glue..ick!  Also the bathrooms smell HORRID!  Like they have a sewer problem.  So, I wouldn't go back.
5	We walked into Joey's of Chicago on a whim on New year's Eve night. Procrastination at it's best, we had been searching for a quick place to eat before going out to celebrate 2011 with drinks but there were very few quality places open.It was 9:40pm and we came across Joey's. Hoping they were open, we parked and went inside. They WERE open but we were the only ones there, and on top of that, they were closing in 20 minutes. No worries, the staff were AMAZING! They took our order, delivered it to our table, and closed up shop while we ate. There was no rush to finish and they were courteous and smiling as they asked how the quality of the food was.Obviously the service was top notch, but the FOOD is what really sealed the deal. I don't think I've ever had such an amazing cheeseburger in all of my fast food experience. My boyfriend ordered the Italian Hoagie and I've never seen that guy devour a sub so fast! We did not try to hot dogs, but how could you with such an amazing cheeseburger combo deal? (Cheeseburger, fries, and a drink for $6!).Overall, Joey's of Chicago has a new raving fan! I'll definitely be back for more :)
1	I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine. I'll bet George W. was rigging that election too. I am a hot dog aficionado so anything decent in a bun would garner a good review from me. Needless to say, I was heartbroken to discover that Joey's was not what I thought it was. A couple of my fellow In-n-Out coworkers and I decided to meet up at this restaurant for lunch to "talk shop" so to speak. After ordering we attempted to get ketchup. This is a typical waiting for food activity, is it not? And wouldn't one expect to find a plethora of ketchup at a place the sells hot dogs? Well, no. Or at least not accessible ketchup anyways. There was a container with a large bag of ketchup available, but exactly how one was supposed to procure said ketchup still remains a mystery. After giving up the ketchup quest, we tried unsuccessfully to find a clean table. "This would never happen at In-n-Out" was fighting furiously to escape all of our lips by this point. Then our food came out, disappointment ensued. Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal. The taste did not make up for the portioning either. TLl;DR: Go to Wienerschnitzel or Costco if you want a hot dog. EDIT: I ate at Joey's sometime in January, and there were a total of 3 other customers in the store which doesn't excuse a filthy dining room. The ketchup was not empty. There was a large open container of ketchup sitting on the drink station. Since that violates several heath codes in addition to being extremely pointless, I'd say there is no excuse for that either.
3	This time when I tried Joey's the first thing I did was to try the men's room. It w much better than my first visit. The wretched odor was gone! YEA!!! That being said, the whole dining area was less than clean.It wasn't filthy, as if I was watching an episode of Horders, it just needed someone to come through and clean off a table now and then. I know, the problem with people is they are messy. Come on, someone act like they own the place and they want people to come back. I don't want to have to clean up someone else's mess just to sit down and eat a hot dog.Learn a lesson from In-N-Out Burger and have a flunky go through the dining area with a bottle of cleaner and a rag and give the place a once over now and then.On the bright side, the got my order right this time. For that and the pleasant men's room smell they deserve another star, but please, please tidy the place up!
1	We thought the food was good, we both tried the Specialty of the house the 6in. Italian Beef sandwich wet style as suggested. They were much bigger than expected and filled much more than expected and the hot pepper mix was tasty this sandwich can feed two people. This sandwich is very sloppy to eat and that's OK but you will have to use the restroom to clean yourself up after you eat it.This one star rating is because we WILL NEVER COME BACK after visiting the restrooms.The women's restroom has deep embedded dirt in the floor with heaping piles of dust that you can see around the edges. I have NEVER SEEN such a dirty floor.The men's restroom was out of soap.This is NOT ACCEPTABLE
3	The Co-Owner contacted me only hours after I wrote my Yelp and informed me they are on that situation.How Cool is that
4	It's always dicey when looking for a great Italian Beef sandwich here in Phoenix.  Most of the time I find the best ones at small places that end up not lasting very long.  I'm hoping that Joey's stays around as this is my new place for Italian Beef.  I've been here about a dozen times and I get the Italian Beef every time.  The fries are also solid, but I'm not a big fry guy.  Joey's has the option of adding cheese sauce to their Italian Beef, which I never get.  That sounds too much like a Philly-Italian Beef.  Joey's also offers it three ways: dry, wet, or dipped.  Now I like my Italian Beef very wet.  But it seems my liking is somewhere between wet and dipped.  Usually when I get wet it's a little too dry, and when I get dipped it's drenched.  That's the only complaint I have.
4	As I scroll down and read some of these reviews I laugh because those of you that have experienced a real "Chicago" hotdog or italian beef would know that we are the best at it. First if you're looking for just a "regular" hotdog go to Teddy's or some place that broils them. I go to Joey's frequently and they are the best hotdog place out here. Living in Chicago all my life then moving out here I have to say it was a hard 3 years trying to find a real chicago dog. I went there yesterday and had an italian beef dipped with hot peppers. Awesome!!
3	It is good but Lukes of Chicago is better
4	Swung into Joeys the other day to grab something quick while I was killing some time. Noticed right when I walked in their special of a chicago dog, fries, and a drink for 4.99 and gave it a whirl. It was awesome! great dog loved all the fixings! They gave a decent amount of fries that were good and the topper was that they had malt vinegar for them! The service was great everyone was really friendly and fast. Will definitely be back!
4	I've never been to Chicago so I don't know what their food is like, but I imagine it's a lot like Joey's of Chicago. The restaurant used to be a Fazoli's, but with their unfortunate downfall (I miss their bread sticks so much!), its only appropriate that another decent restaurant take its place. When you walk into Joey's it's filled with memorabilia from Chicago, which is pretty cool. I really like the randomness of the different items on the wall. There is a lot of seating too. I usually get the Hot Italian Beef sandwich with peppers and cheese sauce. I also get fries on the side. The sandwich is pretty good. I recommend getting au jus sauce on the side and not actually on the sandwich itself. It makes the sandwich too soggy when ordered that way. The fries are not nothing to write home about. They seemed undercooked to me. The food seemed a little pricey to me. They do use Vienna Beef products so you might be paying for quality.The service was pretty good. They took my order and brought my food to the table, which is awesome.
3	Joey's sure know how to make some high quality snack food.Mozzarella sticks? Perfect.Onion rings? Best I've ever had.I also had the 1/3 pound burger, and even though there was nothing novel (no special toppings whatsoever) about it, it was above average. I hate ketchup and pickles on burgers, but suddenly they were tolerable. If you're feeling extra hungry, you can upgrade to 1/2 pound or even 2/3 pound for a reasonable price. My burger/sticks/soft drink came out to about $8. Not bad.Keep in mind, however, that there isn't much variety here. They don't have much, but what they do have is made well. They specialize in hot dogs and Italian beef sandwiches. Nothing else seems to boast anything out of the ordinary.A solid 3.5 stars...would have earned a 4th if they had gyros!
3	I used to be a manager for Fazoli's -former tenant at this location - which had a big problem with the grease traps, hence, the horrid smell in the bathrooms. JOEY-I can tell you how to fix it for a comped meal-lolAnyone want some Fazoli's recipes?  Breadsticks- take 16 packaged breadsticks and put on cookie sheet with a high rim, mix 1 cup melted MARGARINE, 7 tablespoons KOSHER SALT (no, not regular salt), 10 tablespoons granulated garlic powder. Pour over breadsticks and bake for 8-10 minutes @325 degrees, Yes, they will be swimming in a puddle of margarine.
4	I've been going to Joey's since they opened the Happy Valley location and have nothing but good things to say.  I've only bounced around the menu a bit because I've been so pleased with what has become my "usual".  What's the usual? It's this, and you should get it just like this...right now!1. Italian Beef/Italian Sausage combo sandwich (don't go crying about calories...go big or stay home!) with hot AND sweet peppers, wet.2. Pizza puff3. Cheese fries (what did I say about the calories???)Then put a fork in yourself...you're done for the day.
5	I'm upgrading Joey's from 4 stars to 5.  My reasons are myriad:-The service is always exceptional. This is not hyperbole, go there and you'll see for yourself.-They are going the extra mile to provide value, and then some.  From their deep discounts frequently available through the Groupon/Deal Chicken type resellers, Facebook/Email/SMS fan club to their discount stamp card that they'll combine with their other offers-They are going the extra mile to improve the quality food.  They recently invited those in their SMS/email fan club to a taste test of many new products they were considering, allowing their patrons to choose the products they serve.Oh, and the firedogs are a new favorite.  Totally an addiction at the moment.
4	Outstanding service here - polite, quick, friendly, and followed up at the table to make sure everything is alright (and this is "fast food").  Fries were delicious.  Looks like some good fried apps options.
3	I was out on the west side doing a bunch of stuff yesterday with a friend of mine, and we were hungry by the time we were done.  We aren't all that familiar with this side of town, but thought we would cruise around to see what we could find.  We drove by and saw Joey's, and thought we would stop in and check the place out.Overall, everything was great.  Joey's is in an old Fazoli's building, and its a great little setup.  We went to the counter and ordered our food, and sat at our table and waited for it to come out.  I went with the 1/3 pound burger with fries and a drink, and my friend went with the polish sausage, fries and a drink as well.  My burger was awesome! So was my friends sausage, we both enjoyed our meal.  Service was great, and overall, I really enjoyed it here.  Fries were a bit crispy for my liking, but overall food was great and tasted delicious.  If I was on this side of town again, (which is rare for me) I would swing back in and eat here again.
4	Good food food the price. Tried the Italian beef sandwich with sweet peppers...really recommend this sandwich. My lunch guest had their Chicago dog and said it was better than what you would get at the ballpark. The meal came with fries and a drink. I will definitely be back again.
4	Yummy, Italian beef was so good. Hot peppers were awesome. French fries are super tasty
1	Ate there or the first time and was not impressed with it. My wife and son ordered the Italian beef sandwich and were very disappointed with it. It was very heavily flavored with black pepper (overwhelming). Now if that's how its supposed to be, I apologize. I have never had this before and was caught off guard with the black pepper flavor (and I'm a hot sauce/spice freak)
1	The worst food ! Food came to table brunt . The service was slow even tho the  place was empty ... save your money.
1	Well I love a good Italian beef sandwich ! I must say this was the worse Italian beef sandwich I've ever eaten ! Provolone cheese not melted and the gravy was salty ! The peppers were horrible!  The bread wasn't fresh!  First time last, Last time.
3	This place is pretty good.  Tried the Italian Beef and although it's not up to par as some other places, it's fairly good.  Problem is the beef has a strong vegetable taste to it..??..?? and the gravy is a bit salty.  Cheese was melted perfectly.  Service was very good.  Very attentive staff who took their time and answered all of my questions.
4	Ok, so last night I was feeling a bit lazy and decided to take my nephew and sister out for dinner.  I had visited Joey's once before and had recently received a gift certificate from Tammie, the owner.  So we decided to give Joeys another try.  I usually don't like hot dogs but my nephew had the chili cheese hot dog with onion rings and all I have to say is, that hot dog was yummy, fresh, and served hot.  After just one bite my nephew had me convinced that there is nothing better in life than a hot dog with tasty onion rings and a soda.  My sister had the Italian beef sandwich with cheese.  I have to admit,  I have  always loved a  good cheese steak but I hate getting fatty meat so I'm picky about where I get them, I am pleased to  say, not one bit of fat was on my sisters sandwich. Oh yeah, I love the amount of cheese that was loaded on the sandwich, no skimping there!!!I went with the fish and chips meal and it was delicious!  The crunchy coating is not greasy, the fish is moist and tasty, and the portion size was enough for two.My second visit to Joeys was wonderful ...  I will be back again!!
5	Cheap eats in a good way! This is a great place to go to for a quick bite on the go! I ordered the Jumbo Chili Dog All Beef Vienna Hot Dog, whoa.. look out. I know it's a sloppy kind of lunch when on the go, but sometimes, when you come to an establish that offers a Jumbo Chili Dog, you HAVE to order it. It was fresh and hot and every bit DE-LISH! I definitely recommend coming here and the menu items are very affordable!
3	I have lived most of my life in the Chicagoland area, so I knew I had to try this place!I came with very high expectations and was very pleased with the interior of this quick service restaurant. The tables were fun to sit at with the street names and decorated walls.The food was pretty good, although I really didn't like the burger at all and wouldn't order that again. The hot dog however was on the spot and when I come again I will just stick with that!All in all it's not Portillo's, but it wasn't bad and I would be pleased to try it again!
2	I was really looking forward to my Chicago beef sandwich since at the rate I'm going, I'll never actually make it to Chi-town....  the sandwiches were just "ok" and they totally messed up our order. And since it was a To Go order, we didnt discover the omissions (they forgot 2 things) until we got to our destination and then there was no way to go back.  It took forever to make the food which was strange because it was NOON and you would think that they would have been ready for the LUNCH rush.
4	The food and service is good. Nice selection of sandwich's and salads.  The only complaint is that when they run out of something to let the person know at the register know so it isn't a surprise when you get your food.  Otherwise I would have given them 5 stars.
3	12/6/12 Update: I am giving Joey's a 1 star upgrade because I was recently contacted by one of the co-owners (Tammie R).  She inquired specifically about what the problems I had encountered so that she could solve them and improve the business.  This kind of customer service is impressive to me.  I wish that I could visit again soon to see if things improve, but for now, an upgrade from 2 to 3 stars.
5	CHILI DOGS!!!  I get a chili dog every time I'm near this place!  I love 'em.  I'm not a hot dog connoisseur (and I probably wouldn't admit it if I was) but this place has good dogs.  Good Chili Dogs too!  Every eat a chili dog at Sonic?  THIS IS NOT A SONIC DOG!  THANK G!!!  This is good stuff!My wife usually gets the Chicago dog and loves it.  My son loves the Italian Sausage here.  I'm just stuck on the chili d's.  :-)
3	I love Chicago dogs.  This one was ok.  a bit cold though but flavor was just ok
4	I am a Chicago boy, bred and raised on Italian beefs.  Johnny's, Bouna Beef, Portillos and a slew of mom and pop shops.  Having just moved to Phoenix, I thought I would have to suffer a bit without my regular fix of Italian beef, wet and hot.  I am pleased to say, I found a highly acceptable solution here in town, mere miles from my house.The beef and sausage were dead on, the jus was great, the hot gairdinera (sp?) (Vienna) was exactly what I wanted.  Ok, the bread is not perfect, it lacks something, it is not Turano from Chicago.  Even the fries (skin on) were very good.To top off the experience, the interior decor is a great shout out to my kind of town.  Familiar street signs, skyline views and even a Chicago rock radio station playing in the background made for a wonderful, homesick lunch.Only negative - I had a cannoli that was only slightly filled at the ends and hollow in the middle - Not cool.I will soon be a regular and ultimately the duke of Joey's.  PS: last plus - I didn't have to climb over mounds of snow and slush to get into the shop.
4	Live in Mich and can't get a semblance of a decent Italian beef. Visiting family in Phx had 3 of them on 3 separate occasions. Is it Portillo's, a fave of mine when in Chitown? No, but pretty darn good in its own way. Hot giardiniera pretty awesome. Really nice firm and tasty fries. And Green River to boot. All in all, got my fix. Nice folks too. Thanks Joey's for a taste of home.  Only thing, do something about the smell in the bathroom.
