5	I have lived in Arizona my whole entire life, and I cannot believe that it took until today for me to make it out to Canyon Lake and take a cruise on Dolly Steamboat.We had some out of town family visiting and we decided to take them up through the Apache Trail and for a ride on The Dolly Steamboat. It was a really nice drive up through the mountains. The road twists and turns, so if you are scared of heights and driving on turns, then have someone else drive for you. There were some AMAZING views and it was just a perfect day out, so we drive with the windows down.They have two rides per day; 12pm and 2pm. We took the noon cruise. Make sure you wear sunscreen and a hat or you will get sun burned. They also have dinner cruises you can take, but only on special days, so check their website to be sure: www.dollysteamboat.com  Standard cruise lasts 90 minutes. The boat fits a lot of people, but I would recommend making reservations so you are guaranteed a spot. It was packed today.The tour guide was really funny and shared a bunch of facts throughout the trip. We saw a lot of beautiful mountains and a bunch of longhorn sheep. It was pretty cool.The boat had drinks and snacks and a restroom, so it is easy to make it through the 90 minute cruise comfortably :)I wouldnt have changed anything about this trip!!!!! Ild asked everyone in the car how they would rate the experience so I could yelp it and it was 5 stars all around. Definitely great place to take people from out of town!
4	We own a boat and travel out to Canyon Lake several times a year.  Our first plan of the day was to take the boat out and entertain our out -of -state guests; however, the weather was rainy and cold.  So we opted for the heated comfort of The Dolly Steamboat.  What a treat!  We went out on Sunday, February 8th, 2009 on the 1pm, 90 minute cruise.  We had a fantastic guide, Captain Tom.  This was a beautiful cruise.  We even saw waterfalls (which is a rare treat in AZ).  There is not a bad seat on the boat.  The boat goes up the canyon, turns around and heads back to the dock.  The snacks and drinks available for purchase were very reasonable.  We had 5 hot chocolate, a coffee and 2 popcorns for $8.  Great deal!
5	This is a great tour. I recommend the Afternoon tour. Ask for upper deck in the shade if you are looking at summer time tours. Winter time you'll want to be in the sun. They have a lot to show you and there is narration form the captain who will describe the unique features of the lake. You can take wine on board as long as it's in a non breakable container like a thermos. They serve a very pleasant steak and chicken dinner and desert is usually apple pie.  Bring a camera to remember the journey. The road coming in to the lake is narrow and twisty so take your time getting there and leaving. It's a long way down. Arrive about 30 min early and expect to leave on time. Kids willl have to wear life preservers on the boat at all times. The ride on the Dolly is smooth and you'll have some pleasant memories to share and reflect on.
2	To your left you'll see a rock that looks like a dinosaur and to your right you'll see a rock that looks like a person.  Sometimes you'll see some real animals, but not today...  Really? Is that all you've got.  Maybe we just didn't luck out, but our tour guide was horrible.  Not witty, not funny, not even that interesting.  He was clearly reading from a script because at one point he lost his place or got confused or something and ended up re-reciting the entire opening three minutes, word for word.  Most of the time he just but on a soundtrack, which clearly was way too short for the entire 90 minute tour since we listened to the Titanic song 4 times.  As a side note, you may not want to remind people of a huge boat accident when we're doing a boat tour... but that's just me.  Definitely something for the older crowd, but even they seemed restless after about 45 minutes.
4	This is where you can take all of your out-of-town visitors who come to Arizona to see the Wild West and are disappointed when all they see is urban sprawl. The drive in from the Apache Trail is beautiful with vistas of the Superstition Mountains, winding roads, and desert landscapes. The Dolly Steamboat operates year-round, but makes seasonal adjustments to it's daily schedule. During the winter season, they have two daytime rides per day, and I took the 2pm. The boat was completely full and I'd advise to make reservations in advance, just to make sure you get a seat. From beginning to end, the musical soundtrack is completly cliche. It started with "Hello Dolly" and ended with "I saw God today." And yes, the Titanic theme song was played more than once. But I won't begrudge them because the ride was fabulous.  Highlights were rock formations, petrified wood in the rocks, and a group of longhorn sheep.  This is a very family-oriented tour and there were lots of kids and seniors aboard and everyone seemed to be having a great time.
5	The Dolly glides quietly over Canyon Lake. The shear red rock formations ring the lake. Barrel cactus and the Saguaro cactus come down to the waters edge. Fishing boats are in the coves and along the edges of the lake. The 1 p.m. tour was the perfect time to enjoy this 90 min. cruise under a Mediterranean blue sky because the light cascaded down the rocks and cast wonderful reflections on the lake.The hokey music playing is perfect for the cruise. Louis Armstrong sings Hello Dolly when the trips begins and ends. Mozart is blasted at a rock formation that is said to resemble him.  I needed help to find the formation, but it was there. The captain gave a lot of information about what we were seeing and crew members did spot wildlife for us. Do sit outside and on the upper deck it has the best views.
5	For our fourth year anniversary, I took Robert M to a Cottonwood hotel and on the Verde Canyon Rail, which we completely adored. Since I haven't been back, I don't feel it's appropriate for me to review the past. This weekend, we celebrated eight glorious years together. And since neither of us put the other in hospital or out on the street, we decided to have a celebratory weekend. This time, we went on the Dolly Steamboat. After reading the reviews, we were aware we'd hear music from the motion picture Titanic, that corny jokes would abound, and scenery was a hit or miss. The first two were spot on, but we lucked out and saw a herd of sheep. Granted, they were on the face of a cliff some 30-50 feet overhead and we were on the top deck, but it's the experience that matters here, kids. Over the course of an hour an a half, we slowly made our way though a portion of Canyon Lake, heard about the formation of the mountains, dam hydroelectricity and were able to take in the phenomenal natural beauty that is Arizona. One factor that made this experience exceptional was, we were able to experience the canyon in overcast (and cold) on the way out and sunny (but not so cold) on the way back in. Colors, of course, came to life and revealed the canyon walls in such depth. Afterwards we went to Tortilla Flat to experience the river running over the street and common hooligans running amok.
5	Great place to take out of town guests. The drive there is fabulous. The boat ride is a bit cheesy but just look at the scenery and you and your guests won't be disappointed. Tip: If you have AAA they offer a discount.
4	The other reviewers have summed up the Dolly Steamboat pretty well.It is a nice and relaxing way to spend a couple hours on Canyon Lake.The cruise takes you on a nice ride and the accompanying narration points out some interesting geographic features.The Dolly is not a true steamboat.  It's paddle wheel is for show only and can be raised out of the water.  It has a propeller just like any boat, but it is out of sight and the paddle wheel drops in to the water and turns by virtue of the motion of the boat through the water.A true paddle wheel boat is actually driven by the paddle wheel.  I've been on one and the wheel is a much more forceful affair churning the water as it propels the boat.
4	The dolly steamboat is very nice and relaxing. The ride is a bit long but it is very nice. The crew of the boat is extremely nice and try to help you see things. My only complaint is that I would of like a little more history of the place then what was said.
3	Been here with out of state guests to do the whole "tourist" thing.  Nice way to spend a few hours.  The music and the jokes from the Captain are corney but it is enjoyable.  It was interesting to listen to the narration regarding the building of the local recreation areas around the lake, the formation of the rocks and interesting facts about the local flora and fauna.  We got to see bald eagles and sheep.  All in all, a good couple of hours out in the sunshine and fresh air.
2	LOOK AT THE POSTING DATES.  The reviews for this year are not good.  I took this tour two years ago and it was great.  This time our "captain" was totally uninspiring.  We saw no wildlife but that is the luck of the draw.  The relaxing music and the borrrring narration put me to sleep.  The scenery is beautiful.
4	It was a beautiful sunny, cloudless day in September  when a group of us did the narrated Dolly Steamboat nature tour. I had purchased  several Groupons for half price and invited my friends.Boarding was a breeze and uneventful. They check your  bag as you board to be sure you haven't brought any food or drink other than a water bottle (you can bring it in your own container).I found the narration boring, toneless and emotionless. Not only that, I didn't learn much because I ended up tuning the monotone voice out. I know I could have done a much better job and if Canyon Lake was closer to home, I'd actually apply for the job. :-)Other than two horns way up on the hill, we didn't see any Bighorn Sheep. The picture Alison posted on Yelp of the Bighorn sheep is way cool. I wish I had seen one or many. I had purchased brand new binoculars at Wal-mart for this trip, but didn't get much use out of them.Although my review sounds negative, we had a nice tour. It was relaxing and the Bloody Mary helped out a little. We stopped for lunch at the dock restaurant since we were all starving. The service was good and the food devoured.
3	On Memorial Day my boyfriend and I took a trip to Canyon Lake and tried the Dolly Steam boat we had half off coupon so it was $20 for us. My first reaction is that they were much unorganized getting onto the boat they called tickets 1-25 and just never called the rest of the numbers. If you plan on getting people on slowly at least finish calling the numbers. The boat was old had indoor and outdoor seating. We sat in the back on the top outside. They took forever to get the trip going they started by acting like flight attendants and showing us how to put a life vest on incase the ship sank. Almost all the people were over 20 year old and I think we understand how to do that.  It was just a waste of time and made people laugh. Then the tour finally started with the captain corny boring narrating..... look at that rock it looks like a person with curly hair..... look a dinosaur... look a guy at a piano.  Also played boring elevator music and titanic song which isn't probably the best song to have on when you're on a boat. We did get to see long horn sheep and the captain did turn the boat around so we could see a closer look which was nice.. The scenery was pretty and if you drown out the caption and  it's a nice day out it is a fun little hour and half cruise. I would recommend trying to find coupons though.
4	Another great experience on Dolly the steamboat.  Beautiful afternoon cruise (2pm).  Captain and staff helpful and knowledgeable.  its a haul from the greater phoenix area if you aren't going to do something else while there (1-11/2h trip on windy roads), but if you also hit tortilla flat, or just a picnic at the lake, it's easily worth it.
5	This is an excellent night out.  My fiance and I attended the dinner cruise this Sunday, May 27th.  I am sad I hadn't heard about this before.  This was truly such a wonderful experience!  Dinner was delicious. The views were so spectacular and the crew was so polite and welcoming.My only complaint was the address listed was put into Googlemaps, it led us much further past where we were to go.  There was a small fold-up road sign which we missed because of the traffic waiting their turn to cross a one lane bridge.  Definitely no fault of theirs.  They still allowed us to board even though we were a few minutes tardy.  Thank goodness! I recommend this to anyone reading this and plan on spreading the word as much as possible.
4	Wife and I went on one of their cruises for my birthday! It was an hour in a half cruise. We had the opportunity to see two bald eagles, and quite a few big horn sheeps! We had a great time, and we will diffidently going to try their dinner cruise.
4	My 16 year old nephew & I went on one of the steamboat tours and really enjoyed ourselves. I would recommend this to everyone at least once. I was surprised at how big Canyon Lake really was.
5	What a wonderful time Dolly Steamboat gives its passengers!  We had a wonderful time and saw bighorn sheep on yesterday's trip! Beautiful scenery, informative and interesting commentary from the captain, and just an overall awesome experience.  We ate at the restaurant afterwards and had great nachos and super service from the bartender. It was well worth the long drive and we will plan to be back! Thanks Dolly Steamboat!  Also--very affordable items in their 'gift shop', bought a cute wooden roadrunner! :)
4	The Dolly Steamboat tour makes for a nice family outing.  One of the other posters mentioned a concern over the winding roads to get here but I think the scenery and one lane bridges along the way is half the fun. Just keep your eyes on the road, take it easy and watch for other drivers. I always take family and friends from out of town out this way for the beautiful scenery but hadn't tried the Dolly Steamboat tour.  Glad we did it.  My girlfriend and I took my sister and her family on the 4:00pm tour, which I think was probably the best time to go.  The 12:00pm (noon) tour would've been hot and I think perhaps the sun might have been in our eyes and reflecting off of the lake the entire time, so I was happy with the late afternoon tour we chose. Everyone in our party really enjoyed the tour.  Our guide was very nice and very funny but didn't overdo it.  He explained the history of the canyon and its natural features as well as the wildlife as we made our way around the lake.  We saw a bunch of Bighorn sheep along the rim of the canyon and a Bald Eagle soaring back and forth across the lake.  I've been on other steamboat tours and in my opinion this one seemed very family oriented and less about beer / drinks, which is what we were hoping for as my two young nieces were the primary reason for our Canyon Lake excursion.  Party boats are always fun but this felt like a family boat and although I don't know what the Dolly nighttime tour is like, the afternoon tour was perfect for a family.
4	What fun! This tour was part of our special hotel package in Mesa (nearby). I knew nothing about this scenic boat tour on Canyon Lake, east of Mesa, prior to this little weekend trip. I had not seen Canyon Lake since my college days decades ago (not tellin' how long ago, ha!). The drive from Mesa was a little distance--it became scenic and winding in the final stretch. Allow time in case you get behind cars and RVs hauling boats (lots of boats on the road). It can get a bit slow.We parked in a dirt lot, and had to get boarding tickets at the ticket booth, even though we already had reservations. They have a list of reservations. It was surprisingly full, despite the major heat. They board the boat by groups, by the numbers on the tickets. The boat has two levels. Even those in wheelchairs can go; the dock is wide and a solid ramp connects the dock to the boat. No jumping needed! Choose from seating (at tables) in the bottom level, outside front of back upstairs or downstairs, or the upstairs enclosed area. I know the bottom enclosed area was air conditioned--a must when it was over 100 outside. There are bathroom facilities on the boat, although I didn't use them. You get nearly all the comforts of home, on the water.The crew were all friendly and knew their tour well. Part is recorded commentary. But the navigator also chimed in and kept an eye out for wildlife. We spotted EIGHT bighorn sheet on a steep cliff--they stopped the boat so we could take photos and enjoy the spectacular sight. We also spotted a bald eagle, vultures and many humans tubing on the lovely lake. It was peaceful, with decent (not hokey) music playing in the background. The water is refreshing and pretty, and the desert landscape was pristine and quiet. The only disturbance was an occasional motorboat pulling a tube with laughing (mostly) children and some fun-loving adults.I enjoyed this tour more than I thought. I observed many families, some with little children (12 and under must wear preservers the entire time, per AZ maritime law).TIP: RESERVE ahead of time. Take sunhat, sunscreen, sunglasses, water, camera and binoculars! The boat offers some chip-like snacks, candies, soda and even a few alcoholic drinks (I think they offer a lunch meal-time cruise sometimes, too). The tour lasts 90 minutes, and they were very timely in keeping to the schedule, yet laid back. A very positive experience.TIP 2: There is a touristy (yet fun) gold mining "town" on the left side of the road as you go toward Canyon Lake (Goldfield?). Do stop there. They have great ice cream and we had a decent sandwich there, too (nothing fancy but good). You can walk around some old mining town buildings (I don't think that costs anything) and even ride a small train that goes around the property (I assume they charge for that; I didn't ride it).
5	Loved this outing!  It was the Dr. Sky dinner cruise and the food was DELICIOUS and drinks were inexpensive.  Dr. Sky was great, showed us amazing stuff and even got out the telescope on shore afterwards and talked with us as long as anyone had questions..  Great guy, wonderful cruise staff, I highly suggest!  Definitely will go back!
5	This was a great experience and very special outing for me and my family.  I was interested in going and after purchasing the tickets found a Groupon thereafter ;(  We ended up going on one of the rare rainy days in Az, and what a unique site to see endless amounts of spectacular waterfalls, which is rare to find in this desert climate.  The views were amazing, and going in the July season during the monsoon season was quite refreshing.   A lot of rain did not foil our plans but in fact made the 1 1/2 tour even better.
4	"If you can't make out the Princess in this rock formation, remember we have a bar downstairs."  - works of wisdom from our Captain   :)Taking a nature cruise on The Dolly is an enjoyable way to spend an afternoon.  I had a great time playing tourist!First off, getting there is half the fun.  The drive provides some exciting twists and turns, as well as nice views of the Superstition Mountains.  There are a couple of spots along the way to stop and take photos as well.  The 1.5 hour cruise took us along some of Canyon Lake's most impressive rock formations and scenic areas.  The tour was informative, and was partially narrated by our captain, and partially a taped soundtrack.  I learned quite a few new things!    While bald eagles and bighorn sheep are common in the area, on this day we didn't see any wildlife, other than some really cute (and noisy!) ducks.    These cruises are popular, so it is a good idea to make a reservation - walk-up space isn't guaranteed.  Numbered boarding passes are distributed at check-in, so if you want your choice of seats, get there early.  The 2 levels provide more than enough space for everyone, with both indoor (air conditioned) and outdoor seating at shared tables.  We sat with a friendly group visiting from New Jersey - it was fun to listen to them comment on the 'strange plants' - yep, those are cactus!If you want to show a visitor some of the more beautiful features of Arizona or just want to enjoy your own home state in a new way, take a cruise!
5	My wife wanted to do something special for Mother's Day.  So we took  the entire family on the dinner cruise aboard the Dolly Steamboat.  What a fabulous time we all had!  First off the scenic views on the drive to Canyon Lake were amazing.  Once we got to the dock we got our tickets and boarded the Dolly.  We took our seats up on the second deck and our wonderful 2 1/2 journey began.  The sites were amazing and and the music was very relaxing.  About an hour into the cruise dinner was served!  The caterers prepared a delicious champagne chicken and roast pork loin.  It was severed with salad, roasted veggies and the most amazing scalloped potatoes.  But the best part of the trip, was the crew.  Captain Jeff and his entire crew were all amazing.  They were all very friendly and very helpful.We are looking forward to our next cruise on the Dolly Steamboat!
5	I recently hosted a company team event on the Dolly Steamboat.  ~90 people attended our chartered evening dinner cruise.  The boat was the perfect size for our corporate event.  Everyone had plenty of room between the upper and lower decks.  Captain Jeff and his crew did a fantastic job for the whole 2.5 hours that we toured the canyons looking for wildlife.  We had food catered onboard by Brown Brothers catering and it was exceptional.  The stocked cash bar was a very popular place throughout the event.  If you are planning a corporate function of up to 130 people (the capacity I believe), I would highly recommend the Dolly Steamboat.  The feedback from my team was exceptionally positive.  This was my second experience with the Dolly Steamboat and I now have two datapoints showing that this is a do-not-miss excursion in Phoenix.
5	Wow!!! This past Saturday, on a whim, my family and some friends decided to go "venture" out to go on the Dolly Steamboat Dinner Cruise. Now at first I didn't want to go, thinking that it would be boring or an old-person kinda thing (sorry older folks), but I must say I was extremely pleasantly surprised.  The drive into Canyon Lake is and was breath-taking, surrounded by mountains on all sides, greenery, flowers, and then as you come over the last turn, you see the lake surrounded by the mountains -- it's so surreal, it's one of those "pinch me, I must be dreaming" kind of moments. We arrived and parked, and since we got there a bit early, we were able to enjoy the scenery from on the dock, which is gorgeous! When we were finally able to check in, we were a bit skeptical about sitting outside since it was still quite warm out, but we were assured we would love it -- and we did!!! I'm pretty sure we had the BEST seats in the house (aside from the captain, of course)! It was so peaceful and serene, and the temperature was perfect (actually even got a bit chilly as we were coming back). I have to say, the crew on the Dolly Steamboat -- Jeff (our Captain), Heather, and John -- definitely made our experience unforgettable! They were lively, bubbly, personable, friendly, and cracked jokes which made the cruise that much more fun. Our Captain, Jeff, made sure to point out the Bighorn Sheep (which was really a neat sight to see!), the vultures, shared interesting facts about the cruise itself, explained the caves, and told us other interesting facts as we cruised along. Heather and John were other crew members on the cruise that made it amazing! Our group pretty much made them our personal photographers since we took as many photos as we could before our cameras died, but they didn't seem to mind. Then came dinner... and OMGoodness was it amazing!!! I didn't think the food would be all that good but wow! The chefs cooked up some chicken (the most juicy piece of chicken I've EVER had in my life), pork (I don't eat pork but it looked and smelled divine), grilled veggies, and roasted potatoes, complete with salad first and dinner rolls. The food was soooo good that I ended up going back for seconds (after the crew members told us there was enough to go back for seconds if we wanted to... yes, I was totally being a fatty and eating as if it was my last meal). And then, just as I thought I couldn't possibly fit anymore food in my belly, Heather and John told us they were going to bring out dessert -- delicious blackberry cheesecake (so yummy, my mouth is watering just thinking about it). I sure didn't pass on the dessert... and it was well worth almost being rolled off the cruise for eating so much. We arrived back at the dock after dark which was great as we were able to see all the stars come out and could even see the Milky Way since it was so dark. The entire evening was perfect -- thank you Dolly Steamboat crew!!! The only thing I would've changed about the dinner cruise would've been to have my man with me and share the experience with him as well... But now that I know, I'll just have to surprise him and take him on a dinner cruise. It's definitely worth the money and the experience is unforgettable!!!
1	Even though we had reservations, it didn't do us any good. The guy at the ticket window let walk ins go ahead of us, and they got better seats than we had. There was a sign to form two lines, but only one line was formed and the guy at the window didn't make the walk ins form a new line, he let them cut in front of us.
5	What a way to start the new year! We came on January 1st and had a phenomenal time. It wasn't very crowded on the boat so we essentially sat wherever we'd like and moved around a lot. The captain's narratives were entertaining and the crew members came by several times to check on us. They also had pieces of petrified wood and rocks that were found in the area to show us. We saw multiple groups of big horn sheep. One group of five were grazing on a steep cliff and a few of them were hopping up and down. We also saw a pair of bald eagles and their nests. The drive to their marina was through the paved segment of the Apache trail so it was fairly easy. It was definitely worth visiting if you are in Phoenix/Scottsdale!
3	This is a must see and must return with guests cruise-  especially those guests who say "but there is no lakes in AZ!"  Beautiful Nature Cruise with 5 big horn sheep, eagles, ducks and more- enjoy!
