3	More commonly known as Buck's (or Buck's Madison Square), it's your fairly standard divey sports bar. Several beers, nightly specials, moderately priced. My first experience with Buck's was watching hockey playoffs this year, and they had half-price appetizers and cheap beer. We got a $1.50 basket of fries, and they were really, really good. Thick-cut, crispy, not greasy. In the last couple of months I've been frequenting Buck's for Team Trivia on Thursdays. We usually do pretty well, so our gift certificates have been furnishing a couple five-can buckets of Miller Lite. Last week I got a veggie burger, and it was fair. Definitely not the best I've had, but pretty good for a place where veg options are not their specialty. Some things run on the pricey side ($8 cheese curds, for instance), while other things are completely reasonable ($4 brat with chips). It's not a place I'd clamor for, but the staff is nice and it's served its purpose well.
3	The bartenders are nice, the drinks and food both reasonably priced and well done.  My biggest complaint is the lack of NFL Sunday Ticket - unforgivable for a "sports bar."
3	Good service, friendly staff, but don't bother with the food. I went to Buck's looking for a decent bar burger, but they didn't deliver. My burger was seriously overcooked, some would say burnt, and tasted like cardboard. The side salad, which I figured as the healthiest side, came with a mound of shredded cheese atop ice berg lettuce and croutons, and no other veggies in sight. The "vinagarette" was creamy and obviously poured straight from a Sysco tub.  On the plus side, the bartender was very attentive and friendly and went out of her way to start a conversation with me.  The vibe was laid back and fun.  The prices were great, so I guess you get what you pay for.  Bottom line- go for the beer and the atmosphere, eat before you come.
4	Closer to 3.5 Stars.  Drinks are cheap, Bartenders are nice, Crowd was eclectic and entertaining. I came in, grabbed a spot at the bar and immediately heard the people sitting next to me discussing words that rhymed with "orgasm"!  I chimed in with Phantasm and got a good laugh from everybody!The food was OK.  Typical Bar appetizers and sandwiches.  The best thing we had were the Cajun Fries.  They had a nice heat level, but didn't blow your head off.  They are Wheelchair accessible, but had two problems.  First, There is no signage indicating where the wheelchair access is.  My friend went inside (up some stairs) to find out for me. It is off to the left of the main entrance.  Also, their Men's room is accessible, but the stall door opens in and gets blocked by your wheelchair so anybody who walks by gets a free show! Good thing I am not shy!
3	One of the bartenders who works on Thursdays makes excellent Old Fashioned drinks. Trivia is fun here. If you come early enough before trivia, you can catch the tail end of their happy hour and get half price appetizers. The cheese curds are fair, but made from a bag. The chicken tenders with fries are yummy and considered an appetizer. Great deal!
4	This is not the Buck's I remember from my days living in Madison! Nice, nice, nice. Great drinks. Real glasses. Fun place to waste some time before a game at the Kohl Center. I did not get food but the plates I saw looked good!
1	Understaffed and unfriendly service will ruin any sports bar and it definitely did for this old charming building host of a bad sports bar. They had sound on for a game yet no screens turned on to that particular game yet the bartender was to immerse I to her phone to e en notice.Too Bad and sad.
