5	I have a few close Russian friends. They are completely bonkers. It might be the vodka, it might just be them, I am not quite sure. Either way, they cook great food. Their mums cook great food. It's all Russian, of course. I used to eat so many potato piroshky (seasoned mashed potato in a bready type dough), my cheeks would puff out, like a squirrel. Russian Passion brings back memories of me stealing into the fridge to grab another piroshky. Man, those things are good. The Polish version doesn't quite cut it. I'm Scottish, me and bread work much better together than the pasta-like pierogy (although, you'll never see me turn one down). Russian Passion delivers really good Russian food. It's peasant food, and it's brilliant. Russian Passion took my Borscht cherry, and it was delicious. I was scared of the idea of beetroot soup - but apart from it's bright colour, there is nothing to be scared of - it's not beetroot overdose, your pee won't look funny and you'll just enjoy some hearty soup, possibly chased down with some rye bread. I tucked into a couple of piroshky as well - potato and cheese as well as cabbage and onion. Cabbage (not saurkraut), cooked sweet and worked really nicely with the onion. Potato, was just like my mate's mum's. It was braw, to put in the finest of terms. The boy enjoyed meat piroshky and was all lined up for a dinner reservation. And that's possibly where Russian Passion suffers (but you gain enjoyment from) - it's teeeeeeeensy. Two tables, and more people left than could fit in when we were there. It's only open at the moment around lunch, or reserve for dinner. It's limited in what they offer from an extensive menu, unless you order ahead. I'm not that great at planning, I'll admit, but I'm tempted to try. It's not the cheapest option for lunch either, but I don't think it's particularly overpriced. Either way, I have to go back. I have to, if only for piroshky... but then I saw the online menu, and they sell Russian cake... and if you haven't tried a Russian cake, then you haven't lived....
4	This is a wee hidden gem - I was drawn in by the beautiful, colourful shop front which stands out from the grey stone of the rest of the street. Small is beautiful, people - this is a Russian lady and her Mum, and they cook up a storm. Broaden your horizons and get in there - the menu's huge (with loads of veggie options, which was a pleasant surprise). We sampled a fair section of what was offer, and everything was delicious - and really filling. Perfect for a cold, rainy day.It's a snug space and the whole experience feels warm, cosy and comforting. Go on - treat yourself!
5	We found this place by accident, as it was located right across the street from our hotel. We went in with low expectations since it's hard to find good Russian food outside of Russia, but we were extremely pleased with everything we tried. The soups were absolutely amazing and the salads were to die for. The piroshki were also extremely good. Everything tasted fresh and very unique and the place has a very homey feel to it. The owners of the place also seemed very nice and helpful. If you're on the lookout for great Russian food or just want to try something completely different, this is the place to try!
