4	West coast meets east, in fabulous form. For this displaced west coaster, I've found a  hoppy slice of it here in Montreal. Hopfenstark's HO.ST has a quiet atmosphere with simple flair. There's no question it's the passion for beer here. As a fan of black IPA, they do not disappoint. Thankfully, this is not where the selection ends. Barrel aged barley wine, selections of Saison. A few guest taps. You can find a beer to suit all tastes. There are a few signs of the newness of the place and the growing pains that come with, for instance, they lost beers on a chalk board to reflect current taps but are spread and hard to read at a distance. (Tip: grab the printed version!) In general for the beer fan, or beer snob, the selection will not disappoint.
5	Alright, I love these beers and I love this bar. Just a simple wood room, big windows with a bulls skull and 20 local beers on tap. These local Quebec beers are seriously amazing, I love the saison beers here, and even kind of like the framboise (which is saying a lot for a fruit beer hater.) There's also a smart little collection of bourbons and whiskeys, enough to appease an old cowgirl's heart. I like to sit down and read through a detailed and descriptive two page beer menu. This makes me happy. I also like the Covered Bridge New Brunswick chips they have by the big bag here - why do bars usually sell individual bags of chips? If you're at a bar with friends you're going to want to share, and if you're alone, you're going to eat a big bag, let's face it. Unnecessary chip thoughts aside, this is an excellent and most welcome beer bar.
4	This place is a great new beer bar in town.  The decor is quite nice and they have an excellent selection of beers on tap.  I was quite a fan of the two that I tried.  Follow the menu as opposed to the chalkboards by the bar to help you decide because it's a lot easier that way.  This place is worth the visit and if you're a beer fan then you absolutely must try it out.
3	This is a cute and casual little hipster bar in the village. It's not really a destination place but I'd have to say that it's the nicest spot in the neighbourhood by far.They have a big selection of beers and whiskeys and although they don't serve food,  you're allowed to bring in or order food to the bar if you're hungry (I saw some guys order a Dominoes pizza while I was there).If you're in the hood and looking to grab a beer nearby, or if you simply really like plaid or study political science at UQAM, it's worth checking out.
