1	This was truly an experience.  The manager was incredibly unhelpful and the one employee that did help us tried to disuade us from a purchase because the item was "expensive and we only keep it in the back".  The item was $19.95. It took 10 minutes for the employee to retrieve the item and another 5-7 minutes to pay for it because the manager and employee were arguing over how to ring up our purchase.  Will not be back to this location
4	A long time ago, Radio Shack was the only place to find electronic parts for the amateur and professional tinkerer.  I remember going to Radio Shack as a child in the 70's to find a transistor. Now, the small components are almost an afterthought with the focus more on cell phones and cable TV parts.  I came here because they have one of the least expensive, highly rated digital television receivers in my never ending quest to divest myself from cox, timewarner, and satellite TV.  The first one I bought was broken, they gladly exchanged it.  The second one I got was broken, they gladly exchanged it even though they kept my receipt the first time.  This time, I bought a different, slightly higher priced model and it worked great.  They also have a wide selection of blue tooth, memory cards, and household electronics (phones, sound bars, stereo cables).  Their pricing is usually better than bigger chains but not always so price around.  The staff is hit or miss.  The first salesperson I spoke with was not very knowledgeable about the products.  The second one knew quite a bit about them.  However, you are always best doing your own research before going to an electronics store as most stores will sell you what they want to sell not what you need the most.
1	Went in to get a small screwdriver to fix a PS3 controller. I could only find tool kits with multiple screwdrivers in them. So I figured "what the hell" and picked one out to buy. When we got to the counter, my wife asked the cashier (senior manager, according to his name tag) if they might actually have some individual screwdrivers that we might have overlooked. "Absolutely not." Was his answer. What the hell? Was that really such an outlandish, out-of-nowhere question to ask? I mean, really, not "No we don't", "No. Sorry." Or just plain "Nope."? Nothing as remotely civil as that from this jerk. "Absolutely not."? Really? We were obviously already willing to buy the kit/set, but we thought we'd just make sure it was our only option first and he responds like we asked him if we could just take it home for free or something. I really don't understand his rude, condescending attitude, but it ensured that I won't go back in his near-obsolete store again. Next time, I'll just order what I need online. It'll take a few days to get, but it'll probably be a good deal cheaper and I won't have to deal with anyone's shitty attitude.
