4	One of the two big players in the home improvement space, there's little difference between this one and the other. Mostly, the colors they use for the signage. Both have reasonable prices on tools and hardware and lumber. I do try to get to the next biggest chain (Ace hardware) or even a locally owned shop, but sometimes you just want to get everything all at once and be done with it.I'm a homeowner now (yay, me!) and so I've been spending an increasing amount of time and money here. This week, a couple of plywood boards. Last week, some electrical outlet fingerplates and a grill for in front of the fireplace.Prices are not totally out of control, as one would expect with most of it made in China. Such is life, these days.You'll always find helpers in their bright orange aprons. These folks know the store layout and are always knowledgeable about how to get your project done. There are also demonstrations for various topics - gardening, sanding, tiling - where you can freely learn how to get even more done around your home.
4	I'm no stranger to Home Depots and the one in Rivergate is way too far away from my house, but I was in need of some paint stirrers for a project and happened to be in the area to pick some up.  The guy in the paint department was super nice and made sure I had everything else for my project:  paint can openers, brushes, trays, etc.  I really just needed the stirrer, but had everything else.This is a larger location that I am used to seeing and it is configured a little differently than I am used to, but there is no shortage of people available to help you on your projects or just to let you know where stuff in the store is.
4	It's home depot, but it is a larger one. You've been to one you been to them all. The store is well maintained, typically stocked well. The staff is always helpful but not always knowledgeable.
5	Best Home Depot in Charlotte!  Employees are intelligent, well trained, and courteous.  10% military discount is tasty too.  I bought a throw rug today for $145.  Wanted to return it but had lost the receipt.  No problem, they looked up the transaction and refunded the charge anyway.  Why shop anywhere else?
