4	I was able to book a spa package (30 min facial, 50 min massage, manicure and pedicure) for 2 people  and a massage for my husband at the last minute. All three of us enjoyed our massage with Kevin, LMP. If I lived in the area, I would go and see Kevin all the time.
1	Words can not express how terrible this was for me. I live close to this "salon", and thought I would check it out. I used to work in a casino, so I had odd days off. I think I went in on a Tuesday or Wednesday .... Around ten or eleven...First off the place was a ghost town. I think there was one other customer there, getting her nails done..... I asked the receptionist  for an eyebrow wax, and a pedicure. She rudely told me how "lucky" I was that there where staff to help me today. The front lobby has chairs, but is over whelmed by the amount of junk that they are trying to sell....fold out tables full of jewelry, purses, hair products and what not. I felt like I was in a flea market... To me, salons should sell two or three things..... Nail polish, shampoo, and possibly skin care.... So it doesn't come off so.... garage sale like.The wax lady did my eyebrows UN believably thin. Scary thin. I've seen newborn babies with more eyebrows then what she thought "fit my face.".  During my wax, all she could do was talk about the depressed lady in her apartments that she thought was going to commit suicide...... Awkward.Next came my pedicure.... When asked if I wanted my nails clipped, I said only a little, because my nails do not grow, and I usually just get them filed. She hacked off my nail on my big toe. There was so much skin to nail ratio... It looked like my big toe had a muffin top. On the little nails that she did file..... She filed the skin to the point where it burned. She also had long blonde hair, that she did not tie back during my treatment... And she was shedding on ME. When she was rubbing the lotion into my legs, I could feel her hair rubbing into my skin. She took her grotesque nails and peeled it off of my legs.  Which he thought was quite amusing, because she giggled when she did it. Can you say unprofessional?Disgusting. And never, ever again.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE my stylist.  I came to Kharizma with a referral from a friend to get my hair done. Well.. let me just tell you, I got hooked up!! Summer Sackett is AMAZING!!  I came in with 10 pictures of short A line bobs that I have been looking at for quite some time.  I had long blond hair and was very hesitant to cut, but have been wanting to try the short look.  Summer was so understanding, and she took her time. She gave me her whole attention and took me step by step into my hair cut.  Pretty much she created my own personal haircut.  A little bit of this and that to my liking and comfort.  I absolutely LOVE my new style and color she did!! I have been getting so many complements on it.  Even at the gym when I haven't done anything to it yet.   Kharizma is a drive for me, but SOOOO WORTH IT!!!  You need your hair done?? See Summer Sackett!!
4	Such a great experience. I'm always hesitant on someone cutting my hair. Summer was great she did everything I wanted, was very professional. Will definitely be going back to them again.
1	I went in here a few months and it was such a bad experience. I went to get my bangs cut $5 that's it. The hair stylist smelled of smoke as if she just came back from smoking outside. It took her 20 mins to cut my bangs. Which is just ridiculous. The salon needs a makeover badly! Will never go here again!
1	Worst experience I have ever had getting my hair done just minutes ago by a male hairdresser!  He made me feel so horrible I wanted to cry!
5	The salon has recently come under new management, and all I can say is how great it has become! I booked a 50-minute Swedish/Deep Tissue Massage last week and it was one of the best I have ever received. The atmosphere in the massage room is so quiet and peaceful it's like you're in a completely different place! The therapist found knots I never even knew I had and got me to relax more than I have been able to in a long time.  I also have frequent headaches that no amount of Advil can help with and within the first ten minutes of the massage, he had my headache gone! I will definitely keep coming back for massages at Kharizma Salon and Day Spa! :)
5	The atmosphere there is so nice.  There are new owners, who genuinely care about their costomers & like to make sure everyone leaves happy! Everyone around the place was very helpful. When it came to walking in the front door to being under the dryer untill leaving. It is sometimes quiet in there, because a lot of people don't realize it's there and how many things they have to offer.
