1	Went for lunch with 8 of us.  We requested indoor seating.  We were seated in a room with garage doors that opened up the west side of the room to the outside patio.  We were bothered through the entire meal by pesky flies.  Our meals were brought to  3 of us as the rest waited over 15 minutes before being served.  I ordered the three tacos.  They were served in soft shells.  The chicken taco had dried chicken sitting on too much shredded lettuce.  The shrimp taco had mushy shrimp also with too much shredded lettuce.  The beef taco tasted too spicy and had very little shredded beef.  Those who ordered the classic burger said it was plentiful but nothing special.  I recommend staying away from this place.
5	Main Points:-Casual venue, good for groups-Draught beer counts as a side!-Fresh tasting comfort foodReview:What used to be Iguana Mack's is now Social Box, an American comfort food restaurant with great food and big hearts (they will be donating monthly to local causes around Chandler).  They offer reasonable prices, with appetizers, salads, sandwiches, wood-fired pizzas, and misc. entrees ranging from $7-$16.  Sandwiches come with one side (of which, a 12oz draught beer is an option) and their misc. entrees come with two.  They had about 10 beers on tap, and I was pleased to see Papago's Orange Blossom Beer and Firestone Union Jack IPA amongst the selection.  We tasted the Queso Burger, Corned Beef Reuben, and Green Chili Chicken soup-of-the-day. The burger was juicy and delicious, it tasted like there were minced onions and spices in the patties, and the Reuben was just right .  The soup was peppery and full of flavor, very satisfying.  A carafe of water with chilled glasses was placed at the table when we got there and was filled diligently throughout our lunch, which speaks on their great service as well. Overall, yummy choice if you're looking to satisfy your comfort food craving!
1	This place is the worst,  they deserve NO STARS but Yelp wouldn't allow that. Terrible service,  bad food. DON'T GO!!!
1	Awful.  Went for a teachers recognition event. The food was tasteless.  The wings were not cooked enough and still raw inside. There was fried stuff that looked like it came from Costco. The pasta was tasteless and overcooked. Most people filled up on salad. It was a paid event. I should have just bought a gift for my child's teacher. I will take my business elsewhere.
4	We came here for some day drinking at iguana Max. However it's closed it is now called the social box. Since we were here we decided to try it. We went to the patio where we were expecting bikers, pets and smoking, however, we were greeted with about six children and a clean patio. Not our idea of what we were thinking about for day drinking. While the food exceeded our expectations, I had a cheeseburger and fries that was just absolutely amazing, the atmosphere is completely different. We drove 8 miles to this restaurant for the atmosphere and only stayed one hour. While the food was amazing, I don't think will be back because we are looking for the biker atmosphere. I give it a rating of the four simply because of the food and service was amazing, but I'm looking for a different atmosphere. They lose the one star because of the change.
4	Went in for the first the first time today. There's an indoor/outdoor area that was nice. The service was good and the food was tasty. I had the kale salad with chicken and the chicken egg rolls. Both were yummy. Only reason it wasn't 5 stars is that the decor was very boring and it looked empty and there were way too many flys around. Will go back to try it again.
4	Lots of TVs to watch games. They have local beers, which is great! Lots of seating. Looks way better then the iguana Mack. Serves is alright not bad but not amazing. Chili atmosphere
2	The Iguana Macks has upgraded a bit and changed its name.  This includes a new menu.  Had the Grilled Cheese with Tomato Bisque Soup.  The sandwich was great, the soup, not so much! The soup was orange in color and tasted nothing like tomato. When I inquired about the soup I was told that is normal.  My advice is to avoid the tomato soup. The staff was friendly and courteous, but slow.  The real kicker was when they decided not to honor the frequent lunch card they had just handed out a few weeks ago. Goodbye Iguana Macks....Social Box I won't be back!!!
4	solid new comfort food/gastro pub in Chandler. Great patio, friendly staff great games set up that is also kid friendly. all dishes were good, but best of all my entree had 'beer' as one of 2 side choices. why have I never seen this before?! Brilliant execution fit for a fat foodie like me. we will be back!
3	Loved the atmosphere, cool new restaurant, but still has some kinks to work out. A member of our party got the wrong item brought out to her, and our server profusely apologized, but it still took about 15 minute to get the right item brought out. I was almost finished with my meal (granted, I'm a speed eater) by the time it was delivered. He didn't even comp that item. :/It seemed like the restaurant is understaffed, as our server was manning the bar, tables surrounding it, and some on the patio across the restaurant. It took a while to get more water, to-go boxes, and the check. The food was just par, a little on the salty side. This place definitely has potential. I may consider trying it again when it has been around for a bit longer.
2	The girlfriend and I decided to try this place because we always drive past it on Alma School. We didn't really know what to expect, but had checked out the menu prior to heading out.Upon arriving it looked like a pretty cool place from the lobby, but once we were seated we realized the place was pretty basic. The booth we were seated at was dirty. Crumbs on the table and the seats. We had to clear them off ourselves. Someone (not a waitress) came and took our drink order because we had been sitting a while without being attended to. Immediately after, our actual waitress came and took our drink order, but I told her it was already taken.The girlfriend ordered a Moscow Mule, it was $9. After I tried it, didn't think it was worth that much. On top of that, the waitress asked for a credit card to hold in case they didn't get the glasses back. I get that people steal glasses but come on. I ordered the Queso Burger and the girlfriend ordered some sort of chicken sandwich. We both agreed they were mediocre at best. In fact, I later told her that the burgers consistency reminded me of a frozen burger I once bought at the grocery store. The waitress was nice, and I can't blame everything on her. They're working out the kinks. We just weren't that impressed, and will probably not be going back.
3	Two words - identity crisis.  From firepits, to loud music, swanky entry way, modern fusion food, large patio, and big screen tvs, their identity is hard to peg.  Pros include the large patio which could be a great spot for day drinking, Papago orange blossom on tap, and friendly staff.   Food was ok not great and they need more craft beers on tap.   With all that said this place has tremendous potential to be super hip but tries too hard, I will give it one more chance - this time in the day time.
4	If youre anything like me: you saw this place from the road, and thought-that place looks plain. but the name interests me. sounds like a hangout/bar...but with class. the kind of place I would like.If youre anything like me: you walk in, and are almost immediately a fan.we were looking for a place to eat, but it was almost 10PM, and most places were closed. we had thought about Dos Gringos, and knew that SocialBox was right there. so if one failed we had the other. there was a line out the door at Dos Gringos, so we opted for SocialBox.Awesome environment. relaxed, slightly quirky. definitely a hangout, and not a BOOM boom music pumping place. (not that im against that, but I am also a hang-out kinda person) the dining area is surrounded by 3 walls and an open garage door, the patio looked nice, but we sat inside. there is also a enclosed area for parties and such, where there was a birthday party. the service was a little slow, but it was alright because they seemed understaffed and a bit tied up with the party. the host(?) was awesome! he was very friendly and enthusiastic about his job(it was also his birthday). He recommended the seafood guacamole, which despite the strangeness of the idea, is actually delicious! I definitely recommend it as well. we also had the tacos, which were also very good. the chicken was just alright, but the shrimp had a kick with lots of flavor, and the beef was good but very spicy (just take off some of the salsa and it is perfect. the three tacos were easily split between the two of us and we were full (we didn't even finish the guac).we will definitely come back! we want to try their brunch and their pizza!
5	Great food, and everyone is social. If you don't like to talk with people then stay home or choose a different place to go. I had the eggs Benedict with a Bloody Mary for $10. It was great!!!!
1	The bar will not make it drinks are way do high for that area. Lower your drink prices and bring the bread back and live patio music. During happy hour I ordered  ONE appetizer and ONE fish fry on Friday with 2 drinks came to $50.00  will never go back. Drink was not worth $9.00 a piece I should have tasted some booze in that small tall glass. Also are water jar was warm and so was the water.
3	Two words - identity crisis.  From firepits, to loud music, swanky entry way, large patio, and big screen tvs, their identity is hard to peg for me; feels like a cross between what should be le grande orange, suede in scottsdale, marjerles, and dos gringos.  Pros include the large patio which could be a great spot for day drinking, Papago orange blossom on tap, and friendly staff.   Food was ok not great and they need more craft beers on tap.   With all that said this place has tremendous potential to be super hip but tries too hard, I will give it one more chance - this time in the day time.
2	Iguana Mack's was a dive with good prices and decent food, the Social Box is an upgraded dive with Scottsdale prices . I'll give it 2 stars because to food was good, but the most  memorable part of the food was the high prices. I have to mention the 9 dollar weak drinks. I say it is still a dive since the floors needed sweeping and tables were dirty. Increase the quality and maybe I'll come back during happy hour.
5	Nachos, and the Turkey Pretzel Melt sandwich are awesome!!! Great Atmosphere, friendly staff, and will return again for sure!!
5	We totally were struggling to accept that Iguana Mac's was gone... all the way up until we experienced our first taste of the new menu.
5	The food here is really good and perfectly priced for a casual  fun night with friends!  The drinks are generously blended and the atmosphere is engaging.  The servers are prompt and attentive, too!
1	My review is strictly based on service. I've been in the bar/restaurant industry for 10+ years and if I ever got caught talking the way these bar tenders were behind the bar, I'm sure I would have been fired. Very unprofessional. They were cussing, joking around and not taking into regard the customers who may be listening. The drink (Moscow Mule) was good. The bar tenders next door at Dos Gringos may be more professional than these ones.
5	Amazing! And have only been open for a couple months. Staff is very attentive. Eggrolls, pretzels, minus the cheese -still experimenting for perfect cheese sauce- extra large wings, have Papago Orange Blossom Beer and have a fire pit to make your own S, mores. Bomb!
2	My review is similar to others I've read for this restaurant.  We went on a Saturday evening to celebrate a Girlfriends Birthday.  There were 12 of us and we didn't have a reservation, so we were happily surprised when they were able to seat us right away.  There was only 1 other table and a few people at the bar.  The waitress took our drink orders fairly quickly, but it took over an hour for her to take our dinner orders and I believe that only happened because one of us asked her to do so.  The food took a considerable amount of time considering there were only a few other people in there.  We were all pretty satisfied with our food.  The appetizers were tasty and my Husband especially loved the egg rolls (which were presented beautifully as well) and we were all pretty happy with our entrees.  Props to the chef!  Sadly however, the service was just awful.  My glass was dry on several occasions and it was difficult getting anyone's attention for a refill and once we were finished eating it took nearly another hour to get our bill.  I just don't understand why there was such a lack of service.  From start to finish over 3 hours had passed which I find unacceptable.  There are some positive changes made to this restaurant decor with the new ownership, I just don't see it lasting if they don't make some radical changes in the staff.  My advice... Keep the cook and fire everyone else!!
5	Wow! What an experience! This place really has really changed, for the better. Take a look at the menu and you'll find winners. We had the calamari and wings and loved every bite. My wife had a kale salad and she raved about it. I had the under the brick chicken and it was to die for. You must stay for dessert! Bread pudding, hot fudge brownie sundae and COTTON CANDY! Bre was awesome! She really knows what's she's doing! Will come back again. Great tvs to watch the game and great environment for a nice dinner
1	Had the chicken alfredo it was so very bland. No flavor at all. I will say however the clam chowder was great.
3	My wife and I had a date night and did all the things to prepare:  hired sitter, got ready, etc.  We received a mailer on SB and it looked like an upgrade to Iguana Mack's which we both consider a welcome upgrade from the dive scene.That said we were seated promptly, cozy feel but would say they need to work on some decorations as the place felt bare if the xmas lights were taken down.  If sports is your thing there are ample flatscreens.  Wait staff were okay, attentive and brought out drinks and apps right at the point of us starting to wonder.  Appetizer of egg rolls were good and decent beer selection.  Our main course was delicious (chicken italiano) which was light and tasty. The part this place needs to be mindful of is some of the seemingly regulars seem to need basic lessons on manners.  One regular was using a loud voice from the bar with liberal smattering of f bombs, sexual talk and innuendos that did not fit the scene at all.  Given there were older ladies, children and a young teen less than 20 feet away you would think someone would have corrected this cretin.  Not so, so we brought it up to the manager who assured us this issue would be taken care of.  Regardless, we had to sit through our otherwise great meal to this single guys unchecked behavior.I suggest this place figures out what they want to be:  Iguana upgrade or just another dive on Alma School.  I would suggest management be mindful that patrons dining experience during family/dating hour times (6-8).
5	Great place for good food and good people. Beer on tap is great.
5	Came in for lunch. Jessy was our server. She was a lot of fun and was amazingly patient and easy going with our diversive smart Alec group. Overall we had a great experience and the food was very tastey. I'll be back for sure!
4	Had an old friends reunion from our old neighborhood in chandler. Sunday night , not too slow, not too busy, ordered a wine and bourbon at the bar while we waited for everyone to show up. Great prices and decent selection. Seated us quickly, great variety on the menu. The pretzel appetizer easy die for. The calamari was also great. Mozzarella sticks were great, but the marinara was "different " great variety of menu choices one of our party had the salmon while another had a burger and fries. Across the spectrum was great food and service. Definitely going to make this a regular stop.
5	First impressions and all that jazz...five Outta five baby. LOVED the ambiance. Super cute inside and the front entrance is huge and quite welcoming. We ordered the wood fired pizza on happy hour (Bianco, always my go to if its offered) and it tickled my taste buds in all the right ways. Paired with a glass of a red blend and I was happy as can be. We got there during happy hour and the pizza was half off. There was an interesting crowd...young and older and everything in between. But it wasn't that busy.I'm a fan and will be coming back to check out more! Sunday brunch, I saw you.
3	Me and the Girl wanted a night in, so I ordered our meal from here using grubhub.  Good delivery time, decent prices, and pretty good food...But then as I checked the bag, I realized they forgot my sandwich. No big deal. I gave them a call and they said they will have delivered ASAP. After about an hour, I recieve a call that I will not be getting my dinner tonight, and they are going to refund the cost of the sandwich.  The delivery driver had a flat.  Needless to say, I wasn't too happy. I'm still on the fence whether to try it out again or not.
4	Thank you for honoring the check-in deal, SOBO! My experience here was pleasant. Was actually in the plaza to go to the restaurant next door but noticed this gem so I quickly Yelped and saw that I bookmarked it so my bf and I decided to change our plans. Proving that the exterior is inviting. The restaurant has a warm tone to it at the entrance with a large waiting area with a cute vintage couch and some art. We were greeted and seated right away. The menu is pretty overwhelming, we had a hard time deciding what to order but the fact that we came during happy hour helped us narrow it down. We decided to start with the mac n cheese and cashew calamari. The calamari was my favorite item of the hour. At first we were disappointed that it didn't come with any sauce (we're big sauce people) but upon tasting, it didn't need it at all. Excellent. The mac and cheese was good, but nothing special. Next, we ordered the Meat, Meat, Meat pizza. This too was just okay. A little soggy. I wish we went with the SOBO Bianco though. I liked this place enough to come back and try the other things I had my eye on. Not blown away but not disappointed either. SOBO is a great new addition to the neighborhood.
