3	the food was alright but the waitress spilled ranch all over my seat when i went to the bathroom. i dont think she cared for us because we kept using norcal slang. oh well.
5	Not bad food, but this place isn't really a "restaurant" as much as it is one of the best drinking holes in Las Vegas, with a slick interior done up with tasteful neon and big televisions, a square bar, and one of the sexiest staffs in town. Food is pretty good too, but excessive drinking may give a slanted opinion on that one.
4	Arrived for late lunch on a Saturday.  Place was empty.  I was concerned at first, but a friend had recommended the bar for its food and service.Was not disappointed with either.  Food was standard bar fair.  Burgers, Chicken sandwiches and Breakfast Burritos.   Yes, I said Breakfast Burritos at a bar for late lunch.  Food came quickly and was delicious.  Service was friendly and interactive.  I think our waitress was a little bored since no one was there.  Did not hurt that she was cute.Would recommend for anyone looking to get off the strip, but not too far off and get reasonably priced food.
4	Food is adequate if not inspired.  Always good quality.  Bartenders and servers are usually dressed in lingerie like outfits or corsets and jeans, and are always very friendly. That's the attraction and it is done well. I think this is where strippers come after they have babies if Larry's Villa isn't hiring. Seriously the place is sexy without being seedy. Tastefully decorated with booths, tables, and sofas.   lots of stools at 4 sided bar, package liquor and pool tables too.  Several TVs,  mounted where you can't easily watch makes it fall short on the half hearted sports bar attempt
3	Basically a dive bar / quasi sports bar on the the Northeast corner of Koval and Tropicana.  Bar maids are dressed in typical Vegas fashion leaving little to the imagination.  When I was in Vegas weekly, this used to be an occasional stop due to the proximity to the office.I cannot comment on the food here as I've never eaten here but the staff is friendly and the drinks are inexpensive for Vegas.Televisions are sporadic so you have to find the right table / booth in order to get a good view of what you're looking for.Definitely not a place to impress a date but to hang out with your buddies and coworkers, there are worse places out there.
4	I'd done a little sluething before going to Vegas. We rolled in here on a Thurs evening /Fri morning and was NOT disappointed. Oh wow was that dessert to die for. We got the cookie thing with ice cream. I remember searching for a place on yelp that was off the strip and "divy" while we didn't really see anyone scantily clad in here like the reviews said, that was ok. I had quite the time here and loved the food we had. DH had the steak and I just had desssert and liquid dessert lol. Our staff was very friendly and wasn't too expensive. We didn't feel we were being ripped off or bent over. Our waitress was very personable. It's a little off the strip... but definitely worth it!
4	Rough start. Elicia and Dre (both beautiful) make this place. Root beer mind erasers are the new special? First yelp. I will be back.
1	Oooof.  Had a rough time here last night.  Here's how it started.  I looked at the menu at their specialty cocktails and saw one that tickled my fancy: The Naughty Lemonade, made of simply TY KU and lemonade.  We went to the bar, and here is how the conversation went:"Hi, I'll have a Naughty Lemonade."(Waitress scrunches face) "Huh?""A Naughty Lemonade.""What's that?""Ummm, it's on your menu.  It's TY KU and lemonade.""What's TY KU?  I don't think we have that.""It's that green bottle right behind you.""Ohhh, this must be something new.""No, it's been around a couple of years and like I said, it's on your menu mixed with lemonade."(Waitress opens the bottle and smells it) "Do you want to smell it before you try it?""Ummm, no, I've had it before, that's why I ordered it.""Do you want to try a sip?""Ok, you know what?  Forget it, I'll just have a vodka and Sprite.""Ok, a cranberry vodka coming up.""NO, a vodka and SPRITE.""Oh, ok."And that's just how it started.  Other incidents:- We were done with our drinks, sitting there with empty glasses.  She comes over and says, "Oh, did you guys want another round or something?"- My friends were playing the machines for a good hour and she didn't comp them any drinks (usually customary if you play the machines at the bar) until they asked about it.  Then she said she didn't realize they had played...even though she cashed out their machine.  - My friend ordered a Johnnie Walker, and she gave him the JW Black without asking if he wanted the upsell.  When he called her on that after we looked at the bill, she said, "Oh, I thought you said you wanted the black."  Noooope, never came out of his mouth any of the times he ordered it.By the end of the night, we had about 4 different receipts because we kept finding mistakes with our bill and she had to keep changing it.  It was exasperating and frustrating.
1	if you like good service, good food and a nice atmosphere, BJs is not for you. If your number one priority is cheap food and drinks, then this is a good choice. They get one star for the $4.75 patron margarita, but it took over 30 minutes to get it and the first time they brought me a gin and tonic. I was a little worried since it took so long to get my drink in the first place. Even the people who only ordered beers had to wait 30 minutes. They have 1 bartender and don't let the wait staff go behind the bar to get any drinks. They have a decent menu of bar type food and the food was ok, but half of the table had finished their food before the other half got theirs. The group I was with in Vegas loved it though and went every night! I reluctantly went a second time but begged off after that1
4	I go here for Monday Night Football and to watch other sporting events.  Good food, many TV's, and a nice atmosphere and it is very clean.
5	I really expected this place to be a disgusting, grimy, dive. I was shocked to discover a clean, comfortable, and beautifully decorated bar and restaurant. We ordered the gyro sliders, feta fries, and artichoke dip; all were delicious! Beers were only $4, which is an amazing deal in this town! We signed up for the Ladies' Club and saved 25% on our bill. This place could easily become my new favorite bar.
4	My friend suggested we meet here and I immediately thought BJ Brewery.  I was a little concerned when I pulled up as it looks small and a bit seedy from the outside, but I'm glad he suggested the place.For the most part it was pretty empty except for the obvious regulars.  The bartenders were great, hilarious and very friendly.  We didn't even realize it but time flew by and we only had a few drinks and some food.  The hot wings are pretty good, but they got the endorsement of a few true Buffalo Wings experts from Buffalo NY, so I 'm thinking I will have to give them another try...just for that reason.I've been to the other BJ locations in town off 215 but felt this place has a much better atmosphere.  I think we might have found a new hang out just off the strip.
4	I get to Vegas 3 times a year and had passed this location many times. Read up a bit about it and decided to give it a try a year or so ago. I like it so much that it's a regular stop for me. Typically 3 times a trip and often around happy hour.As others have said it's not much to look at from outside but nicely decorated and trendy looking inside and a lot more spacious than it looks. I like the pic of Big John (the founder) on the wall.Drink prices aren't bad to begin with and much better during half price happy hour. Food here is really good quality. Prime rib special on Thursdays I believe, something like $6.99 for a huge cut of prime rib. They have some great weekly specials. Did the breakfast here one time, very tasty.As some have said they could probably have more TVs for the sports fanatics, they are somewhat scattered. I did enjoy watching the NFL opening Thursday night game here this year.As good as the food is the best part is the staff here. They are friendly, introduce themselves, and remember your name from visit to visit. Saw Trish briefly the one late night I was here this trip (on my way in from the airport). Met bartenders Brandy and Dominique for the 1st time as well as server Laura. Great, friendly service from them all.
4	4 stars mostly for being doing a good job of being what it's supposed to be - strip adjacent dive bar/ lounge. Good place to watch football. Food OK. Staff is friendly & attentive. Have never seen it crowded, but that's why I go.
4	Upon arriving at BJ's you might find yourself wondering.... WTF??!?!?! Hella scetchy looking little dive bar behind the MGM is how BJ's looks on the outside but once inside, you forget all about that...Inside, you are greeted by some scantily clad yet equally friendly cocktail servers/bartenders... Actually, now that I think of it, I don't recall ever seeing any male workers on the floor...We rented out their back room for a company party which comes complete with 2 pool tables, a juke box, dart board, video games, high top tables and a little lounge area. We sampled on sliders, chips & salsa and wings. When we ran out of food they refilled the food and at the end of the night when there was food left over they wrapped it up in togo boxes. We did not have to walk to the bar ourselves to redeem the drink tickets because the cocktail servers were always on hand to grab them for you. Service was top notch and we had a blast!!! There is even a liquor/cigar store that is connected to the lounge.  HOT TIP: Ask for Trish if you plan on hosting an event at BJ's~
5	We were looking for a place to watch the Superbowl in Vegas and lucked into this gem. There was no cover charge and we had the best seat in the house. Service was excellent. Our waitress was Brittany and she was so on top of it. The food is very good too. Had the pizza and wing special, tasty and very inexpensive. Also had buckets of beer. Would definitely come again.
4	I like the look of the lounge. A lot of Room, Big screens around. Good spot to go for sports events. The staff is good the wings are pretty good the tacos not so much.. I love the drink specials and the deals they have here. Good spot !!!
5	Love this place!  If you are looking for a good bar, pretty ladies and great food.  You have found it.  We reserved a couch for the SB this year and the service was over the top.  My drink was never dry and the food was perfect. The servers were delightful, engaging and wore revealing but not too revealing outfits.I know it may look sketchy from the outside, but highly recommended.
5	This is my local hang out when I come through Vegas.Great food, great staff, good drink prices, and the staff is awesome!Trish is Great!
3	Waiters and waitresses are nice.  Drinks/food is good and inexpensive. The manager is a jerk. Website said half off from 11 -  3 am and I got to the bar at 2:07AM.  The manager then says half off ended at 2am and refused to honor the special price even tho the website clearly says 3am. I mean come on.  Its just a few dollars...
1	I don't usually write reviews and bad ones at that but here we are. I question what this place is? a dive bar? A sports bar? A lounge on one side with pool tables and a liquor store? Whatever the case their happy hour is cheap drinks so that's a plus (and what the 1 star is for) other then that the food is good but there's nothing special ( I had the caprese salad), I could make it all for 1/8 the price and better ingredients. the ambiance is blah and smokey so again my home would be more entertaining. The blonde bartender won't let you get a word out so I recommend you flag someone else down. Good luck with checks, you will have 10 of them at the end of the night with anyone that served you anything.
5	Looks crapy outside, but this place rocks!!!   Killer food and a very nice staff.  EAT THERE!!!  Asian Ahi salad!!!!   The bomb!!!
4	I decided to take another trip to BJ'S East.  This a great place.  I know few people here that have gone elsewhere,  but Niko made sure that I was a satisfied guest. I will be back again!
4	Went here with some local friends who are regulars at BJs.  I'd driven by it a hundred times and never gave it a second thought.  Looks like a typical dive bar from the outside.  Inside, though, was a pleasant surprise.  Open and comfortable, acceptable noise level, clean, and friendly.  Drinks were priced reasonably, and I believe there's a yelp check in deal.  We had a bunch of drinks, and I kinda dreaded the arrival of the bill, but I was again pleasantly surprised.  Probably less than 1/5 of what it would have cost us across the street at any MGM bar.  Good place to hang out for a little while and talk with friends.
