5	This is my review of the opening night:I am a huge fan of the other Lola Coffee so when they said they were opening another location I knew I wanted to give it a try.  I showed up pretty much right at 7pm on opening day Dec. 18 2009.  I went inside and asked if they were taking credit cards on opening night.  They said that they weren't charging on opening night which was very nice.  So I went and ordered my standard double-mocha.  While I was waiting I took in the visuals the new Lola has to offer.  This location seems to have a front of house that is smaller than the Central Ave. location however this is the opposite of a bad thing.  The slightly smaller size lends an intimacy to the place that is very inviting.  It has significantly higher ceilings and the hallway leading out the back door has two cozy and somewhat secluded tables (this would be great if you and your honey wanted to have some quality time together).  The decor is what I would classify as modern with some exposed structural elements in the front of the coffeehouse, a distressed table, and some nice metalwork.  You're also treated to the sight of a coffee bean roaster towards the back of the room.I got my mocha and, since I was one of the first arrivals, had no problem finding a table (the distressed one).  As I sat sipping my drink and  perusing a book about the Great Barrier Reef I noticed that the place filled with people very quickly.  I ended up talking to an employee of Lola Coffee North (or LoNo as I call it now) for a while.  I then spoke to another woman associated with the business about some of Lola's green features.  It was then time for me to go so I retrieved my bicycle and headed to the nearby Central/Roosevelt light-rail station.PS: the coffee was very good.
5	What's most important about this second outpost of Lola Coffee is that it doesn't stray from its original formula and doesn't neglect the history of the Gold Spot building. High ceilings, lots of natural light, old-time fixtures and concrete floors -- I imagine this is what the old grocery looked like some 80 years ago in this very spot. Nicely done!What really makes this spot better than the original location is the full roastery room and kitchen. So, while you're enjoying your cup of coffee, you can smell the sweet, smokey goodness of Lola Espresso Roast wafting up the rafters, as well as the heavenly perfection of Sweet Pea baked goods. You can't beat that.
2	Lola's Coffee is better than Fair Trade Coffee (4 blocks away). Other than that, it's just a coffee shop, nothing more, nothing less. One couch, two comfy chairs a table and the rest are rather ridged metal chairs. The high ceiling gives the place a airy if not vacant feel. They do have lots of space for laptops and lots of outlets to go with.The coffee is ... well ... it's coffee. Nothing outstanding nothing horrible, but it doesn't come anywhere near the awesomeness of Lux or Conspire. The the biggest complaint I have is they only have ONE set of stereo speakers so the music comes from one area of the room and just bounces around the single room venue.
4	The Roosevelt neighborhood has got it going on. For a moment I felt I was not in Phoenix when I was walking around. I stepped into Lola Coffee  which is in a beautiful historic building with high ceiling and lots of natural light. Hooray historic preservation! Lola Coffee roasts their own beans, but other than that it's just a coffee shop, but a damn good one. It was clean, they had a wide selection of pastries and goodies, the employees were nice to me. I am a strict espresso/black coffee drinker and it packed a punch. Well done, bean roaster guy or gal! I loved the back patio as well. I wish I lived in this neighborhood so I could go to Lola more often.
3	I can walk there!!! Not, like, a real city person walk. I mean a "Phoenix, Arizona, this is totally walking distance from my office" kind of situation. So, I am in heaven. That being said, I'm not sure I can see myself hanging out at Lola. It was sort of chilly inside (both temperature wise and general tone). But, I have been enjoying the coffee. The first time I went to Lola, I got their version of a white mocha - very very good.Today I picked their drip coffee and asked for hazelnut flavoring to be added. I was pleasantly surprised that I was not charged extra for the hazelnut, that I ALMOST tipped the girl ... if only she would have smiled ... or made me feel remotely welcome. So, Lola could use some customer service spiffying up (based on other reviews I read as well), but it's not going to stop me from going there. Did I mention I can walk there? Oh, and the coffee today was really quite good.
4	Obs, a great location in the quaint Gold Spot next to the soon-to-be Pita Jungle. I really like what they did with the space. The vintage elementary school chairs bring me back to the days of learning cursive and pasting cotton balls on paper to create a snowman. Lots of natural light, too! The coffee is spot on, and they have pastries as well. -1 star for not having a punch card. They need to get on that!
4	Lola Coffee does it again!Already open approximately three weeks... and I didn't even realize that Lola had gone into this location (previously Calabria I believe).  I guess that shows how much time I spend in Downtown Phoenix.  (Not enough!)  The Gold Spot building that houses this Lola location has a lot of character and I especially love that there is plenty of parking in the area.  I also like that there is both indoor and outdoor seating.  And the reason that I'm giving this location four stars instead of just three? They have the best barista in town!  Jensy (formerly of Mama Java) is employed here.  While I had an iced tea today, I know first hand that Jensy makes damn good soy lattes!Now, if I don't get stood up for a meeting during my next visit to this Lola location, my experience will be even better!
2	I posted a review of Lola after my first visit and was asked to take it down because some people thought it was too harsh.I've given it four chances now.And I have to say, I am disappointed with Lola. I have been on the hunt for a chill coffeehouse in my neighborhood, where you can work and sip coffee, and occasionally chat with your neighbors. I live in right on Roosevelt Street and was hoping Lola would be that ... but it really lacks the ambiance I am looking for. The coffee was alright. The espresso shots tasted like they were burnt. The croissant I had was dried out. But the vibe is what was really lacking for me. I left after 45 minutes. I would rather be in my own house ... in my own space. I think the owner was in when I came in once and he didn't even make eye contact or greet customers ... nothing. I think that's why Lola is lacking an authentic vibe.It is an intimate space, and the decor is nice, but being in there puts me in a bad mood. Too many wannabe hipsters and pretenders - and that includes the inappropriately dressed and overly tattooed baristas behind the counter. OK, you've got fake boobs, we see them already. I don't need to see them so intimately. You may also want to get a pair of jeans that fit so I don't have to see five inches of butt crack while you're getting my coffee. And dudes, having ink doesn't make you hip. Being able to be engaging and interesting makes you hip. And the sour looks don't help.I REALLY want to like Lola, but every experience I've had at Lola has been full of the attitude that I hope to avoid in an independent coffee shop. Very disappointing.
2	I frequent Lola Coffee on Central and Lux Coffee as well but I was very disappointed in this one. The location is quaint and the building eclectic; I do like the high ceilings but as far as comfort the coffee shops furniture are old school chairs, tables and vintage artist drafting chairs are beyond uncomfortable. Maybe they don't want people staying long but I wouldn't recommend this shop. The coffee is okay and the staff are wonderful unlike the staff at the Central location who barely say a word but I would have to say on a honest opinion, no thank you. I think there is always room for approval but they would need to makes some changes. They also close at 7pm which seems a little early for the city.
4	Very cool place in a great corner of downtown Phoenix.  I'm not a caffeine drinker, but their tea was great...love the vibe inside.
5	I LOVE this spot!!As others have mentioned, when I made my first trip to Lola, I didn't know if it was a hipster reunion or a coffee shop. The staff were in a conversation and took a while to acknowledge me. I gave it another chance and am so glad that I did. I have come to love the place. The coffee is SO tasty, I no longer need ten pumps of flavored sugar to drink it. The staff are super friendly and warm to the point that you might think they are religious missionaries. I think it is sad and unfortunate that some reviewers are judging the staff based on body art or clothing. Really? It's 2010, chances are good your accountant AND physician have tatts or piercings. Tonight I took my sister to Lola for dessert and we had a great time. The staff are friendly and warm, and made great suggestions. The barrista even gave us a hot tip on a local concert. I live in the area and there is no finer spot for coffee. Fair Trade is musty and s-l-o-w. Check out Lola, it's a winner. Oh yah, they also have great music- it's nice to sit with a great drink and relax.
2	Meh. If you're looking to experience FRIENDS without the cast and with "mood lighting" go here.
4	First of all, I'm glad that Lola moved in to this space. I miss Calabria, but I'm glad something worthy has taken over this spot that serves delectable things.Thanks to Chef Danielle (formerly of Sweet Pea Bakery), Lola's baked goods are worth dreaming about. If you ever find macarons (perhaps this is the French spelling?), then you have to purchase one or two because those things are to die for.I like the ambiance, I like the staff and people who frequent it. It's a good crowd, mostly on their laptops or busy reading their books or newspapers.Here's my one and only complaint: They don't make their drip coffee hot enough.I'm a simple gal. I don't ask for those mocha, macchiato, extra foam, skinny-skinny, with drizzle and powder on top kinda drinks. I just want simple brewed coffee with some room for my cream.The first time I purchased coffee at Lola's, it was served in a cup because I chose to drink it there. And it was already lukewarm, therefore, it was "iced" coffee by the time I had my second sip. The next time, I asked for it in a to-go cup, thinking that the lid might keep the coffee warmer longer. Alas, the drip coffee was lukewarm after my third sip. The last time I was there (3 days ago), I asked for them to put in a to-go cup again and to make it a little hotter than usual. Oh, it was hot alright, but maybe just 2 notches above their usual "warm."I'm not looking for scalding coffee but just hot enough for me to enjoy hot coffee a little longer while reading the Arts section of the Arizona Republic (and there's really not much content in that section).Can't a girl ever get hot coffee from there? That's all she asks.
2	Some hot coffee please!! I've had warm coffee served to me about as often as I've had hot coffee served to me.
4	Before today, I would have rated this place a 2 or a 3.  I'm not a HUGE fan of their coffee, and their internet always seemed to be extremely slow (even when there were only 2 of us in there).  But, their pastries were always great, especially the shortbread.I'm from Portland, so I can be pretty picky about my coffee.  Today was not an exception either.  The coffee had way too much of an acidic taste, like they pulled the shot and let it sit there or something.  The reason I gave it 4 stars today is their internet is blazing fast with about 10 laptops out.  I haven't had an issue yet.  And I can always get the iced tea...
5	I've seen Lola Coffee appear recently on one of my favorite blocks in downtown Phoenix. The day I finally set foot in there I was pleasantly surprised and am happy to say Lola Coffee was beyond what I expected, and I was expecting it to be fabulous ;) The parking is easy to get in and out of, plus plus! There are two entry ways, one in the front and one in the back. The decor/ambiance of the coffee shop is awesomeness. It is a cluster of rustic, vintage and post modern. The people inside seemed like nice/interesting people reading their morning paper rituals over coffee. The shop is very clean, organized and "pretty". The barista and cashier were both very friendly and welcoming. Oh how I love when people making coffee have some extra enthusiasm that rubs off on me and sparks up a positive day for me :) The coffee was FRESH. The power of fresh coffee is beyond words :) They have all the essentials to making your own coffee to your preferences. They also have some not-so-ordinary pastries on display that look delicious. Overall, I am giving Lola Coffee five stars. I loved the location, the inner setting and the people that work there. Great service and a great commodity! Five stars for this Cenpho coffee house :)
4	This my favorite coffeehouse in Phoenix. It combines excellent coffee, coffee culture, a great space, and good service.Daniel Wayne is no stranger to the coffee business. He has worked in Phoenix, studied in Italy, started a coffee business in Seattle and two in Phoenix. I really think he is has a superb palate, respect for tradition while not shunning the modern, and a great eye for style. He is also very humble and gracious. His roasting style shows evidence of having spent time in Italy: not afraid of caramelization and a clear focus on balance + complexity. Daniel is a fine barista and I always ask him to make my drink, if he is at the store.Coffee culture is definitely apparent. From the espresso machine to the roaster seen clearly through a window in the seating area, it is a place serious about coffee without being overbearing.The space is outstanding. First of all it is "real place". It was an old market, I think and has perfect light, due to its orientation, windows, and high ceiling. Daniel pulls together an eclectic assemblage of vintage chairs, drafting tables, a glass door for a menu, and an old school console stereo w giant dorm speakers. The elements work together to make a relaxing urban space. Daniel plays vinyl and we both are huge Cat Stevens fans. He played the "Tea for the Tillerman" album for me on my last visit, which made my day.Not sure why they get slammed for service. I have always been treated well by all of the staff. They may not have the "may I take your order, please" smiley service attitude, but are respectful and kind. It is a great place to hang out for hours or just get well crafted espresso drink and a pastry.
3	Eh. It was good.I tried to be really indulgently scientific on this one, getting the same stand-by I typically get at Lux (Iced honey soy half-caf latte... man, I am totally the girl with multi-syllabic drink orders. Younger me hates older me.). And, well, it just wasn't as good. Could have been the honey or the beans or any combination thereof. Cheaper though! By a bit. Eh. I'll drop by when downtown for sure but it's no Lux.
5	Let me just say, my friends would tell you, I am a coffee snob. I used to go to LUX way before they stuffed it full of furniture and became way too popular. (Hello, this is phoenix, can you offer some shade?) BUT now there is Lola Coffee and I can't remember the last time I went to LUX.The first time I went to this location I was instantly reminded of my favorite Portland coffee, stumptown. I love the fact that you can smell the coffee roasting as you get near. It just has a great vibe and has decorated in true minalmalist fashion (yes, lux, this is what it looks like) My favorite drink is the iced coffee, they put 2 shots of espresso in there, and I didn't even ask, Thank you! The pastries are always top notch as well. I am still in shock that someone said their coffee is no better than Starbucks. Have some respect, geesh!
1	4 stars for the place itself and it's food/coffee.0 stars for the service, or lack there of.  My business partner and I were in town for a convention.  We heard we should check out Lola.  So we did.  We were excited.  The lady (I use the term loosely here) who took our order was LESS than patient OR helpful.  We asked a few questions.  She barely answered us, then when we had to repeat the question she was nothing short of annoyed.  An example.  We asked where we could get a glass or cup of water.  She mumbled something about the bar/table.  My partner walked over and saw no cups.  She came back and asked where the cups were.  On the table came an exasperated retort.  I walked over to inspect for myself.  There were no cups on the table.  So I kindly asked her if the cups should be on the table, if so there appeared to be none.  She said they are on the table, but *sigh* I'll go check, but I know they're there!  10 seconds later she comes out of the kitchen with a tube of cups.  IMAGINE THAT the customer was right.  I watched this lady serve other customers.  It appears that regulars are treated with a smile and courtesy and patience.  Newcomers or people she doesn't like are treated worse than the dirt on the bottom of her shoes.My suggestion to management, adjust her attitude or get rid of her!  She is not good for business.
2	I had reviewed the Central Ave location back in February and I had loved it. Now I live just upstairs from the Downtown/Roosevelt location. I've been there exactly twice, and both times were disappointing. Lola Downtown - I really want to like you, but I just don't feel welcome. I was looking forward to this being my "home base" as far as local coffee shops go. But the snobby attitude from the folks behind the counter has left a bad taste in my mouth. The energy in that place misses the mark, though my latte kinda saved the experience, both times. I will say this, waking up every morning to the aroma or roasting coffee beans is a delight! I'm glad you are my neighbor for that reason. I'm just sad that I can't stand being your customer.
5	Excellent coffee, excellent service, pleasant, inviting atmosphere and the BEST, absolute BEST pastries in town.  I am glad to see there is finally a quality coffee shop on Roosevelt Row.
4	Had to drive to downtown Phoenix for a week for work and decided to stop in and get an americano. I parked in the back and thought I smelled something on fire. As I walked to the back door that was wide open I noticed that they were roasting coffee beans. I have been to places that roast their own beans but never seen them doing it, so it was really cool to me. The decor was very nice, it seemed that they spent a lot of time tying to reuse things and be eco friendly which I like. The menu was a glass door with a wood frame, bolted to the wall and hand written, I thought it was very well done, and I enjoyed my americano as well!
5	I live a mere three blocks from this wonderful place, yet I've only been twice.  Don't ask me why, though, because I don't have a good answer.  Both visits were very nice.  More than nice, actually.  On each occasion, I was met by different baristas.  Both were super-friendly and chatted with me while they prepared my order.  It's a very refreshing change of pace when you meet a stranger who seems genuinely nice and makes you feel like they actually like you.  Lola's employees make me feel this way.I'm the sort of person who will frequent a business with great customer service even if the goods they offer aren't the best.  At Lola, I get both!  On my first visit, I ordered a Cafe Au Lait and some sort of decadent cupcake.  Both were extremely tasty.  Today's coffee was a latte, I believe, with caramel and white chocolate.  So, so good.  Mind you, I know nothing about coffee except that I generally hate Starbucks and prefer my coffee light and sweet.  And bonus? A raspberry bar on the house.  It was one of the best raspberry bars I've ever had.The other night, I took a friend to another local favorite coffee house.  I'm looking forward to taking him to Lola next time we hang out.  And I'll definitely be stopping by Lola more frequently on my own!
4	This is a great place to chill and have a great cup of coffee. The great pastries are freshly baked and the coffee beans are roasted every morning. The staff is friendly and make a real effort to remember your name. The decor is cool and they feature artwork by local artists.I took one star away because they close at 7 during the week and at 2 on Sundays. Other than that, it's a great coffee shop.
4	I have been on a quest of trying all of the different local coffee shops in the CenPho area, so naturally, I had to try Lola. Upon entering, I loved the high ceilings and the historic feel of the place. I tend to like my coffee tall, dark, and well roasted. No sugar or cream for me, and Lola certainly served up a good cup. I really liked the atmosphere and the friendly staff too. As for food, the pastries looked yummy and I would certainly consider trying one next time. I will definitely keep Lola on the list to revisit in the future.
2	I love the original location and I have given it much praise since I do love their coffee, especially the Matador. I was so excited to come here ever since I heard that they opened a location downtown but WHAT A disappointment it has been. I honestly just dont feel welcome like I do at the other location and just like PREVIOUS reviews have stated, the staff is rude, especially the guy that makes the coffee makes me feel like I am unwanted as a customer there and same goes for the cashier. The owner Daniel? is really cool and always greets people nicely but the staff at this location is just too good for the public or something, plus some of those chairs are extremely uncomfortable, so for now I will have to skip this location and go to the one that's farthest from me to get my delicious Matador.
1	On recommendation from a friend, I recently tried Lolas. He told me to go to the central location, but I was in the area, so I stopped into this one. Upon entering, I ordered two drip coffees for my boyfriend and I. The response I got was, "I'm not brewing anymore drip today." Apparently, they close at 7 and 6:15 is too late for coffee in a coffee shop. I then suggested she could make us Cafe Americano's instead. I asked for skim milk in one of them, and in response, a gallon of skim milk was slammed down in front of me. As I sat drinking my watered down cafe americano, the barista began sweeping around us. The dirt was flying everywhere. At that moment, I decided we needed to leave. The only thing keeping me from taking a steaming shit on the floor was the 3 cops sitting in the corner of the shop. I'd rather get coffee at a shell station. I suggest you do the same.
5	Lola, on Roosevelt, is my favorite coffee shop in the Valley. They roast their beans on location and the quality of the coffee is superb. Jency and Lisa are the best baristas; always friendly, even if the last patron is the largest bitch or Richard. The tables and chairs are solid and comfortable; totally put Lux's lawn chairs to shame. And, lastly, if you are craving a treat with your beverage, they have the best baked goods. Overall, I don't any other place for coffee where they know your name, your drink and how to make your day.
5	I've been plenty a time.Pastries = Smashing.Mocha = Delish.Matador = Cinnamon Heaven.I've never been without being greeted by a welcoming smile and amicable disposition by the staff, especially miss Lisa.
5	Despite living near Fair Trade Cafe for 2 years, this has become MY coffee shop.  Coffee:The Matador is a great "signature" drink.  Their lattes are pretty good, if not typically as memorable as Giant Coffee's.  The Americano here is much better than other places nearby, in my experience.Food:Holy cow!  The baked goods are Lola are enough to make me skip breakfast and just head here.  I really dig the randomness of never knowing what they will make, and have never been disappointed when I've tried a new variation on something.  Atmosphere & Service:The atmosphere and the service are what makes me come here over any other coffee shop near Roosevelt.  Lisa and the rest of the staff have always given me excellent service, even when I show up at the last minute.  Great service, a greeting when I show up, and a personal touch make me feel much more welcome here than at other nearby places.  Plus, the lighting is great; I love to start my day off by grabbing coffee and catching up on the news/twitter from here, and I really dig the "refurbished" or "repurposed" feel to the furnishing here.  The school chairs, the well-worked white table, the door-as-a-menu, the exposed brick, and the great speakers in the corner all give the place a great, lived in, texture.Shoot, I've mentioned this place 6 times on my blog in the last year (http://www.relevantwit.com/?s=lola).  I'm pretty clear I'm addicted.
4	I love how adorable Lola is. It's the perfect hipster downtown Phoenix hang out spot. It's cute for a date, cute for office coffee runs, or cute for working out of the coffee shop! They have Wi-fi available and it can get pretty packed with worker bees throughout the day. Although the school desk furniture might not be super comfortable for a 5-hour work meeting marathon. Great coffee and LOTS of awesome (non-gluten-free, sigh) treats like cookies and brownies to satisfy your sugar cravings. The hot cocoa is to die for. The lattes are great, although their smalls are SO small! This is a great place, and a great parking garage to have in the middle of Phoenix.
5	Lola, la la la la low lala la la lowww laa huh*great service*good prices*terrific coffee*cool interior*down the street from my housextra theoretical star for being named after my favorite song about a tranny
4	I like Lolas coffee it tastes good and it's hot. And their food is tasty. And Jensey is a really friendly gal who works there. I wish all places that I go to have friendly people like her. I wish Lola's had more comfortable chairs there to sit on. I love the fact that they have an antique looking record player that plays a fun selection of eclectic music. And it's not blaring to the point that you can't hear yourself think. I have been to other coffee places in town and I can't even hear myself think at all. I mean really. Other than that I enjoy going there for coffee, food and friendly staff.
1	Ew.  All I can say is ew.   I want to preface this review with the concession that I have only been here three times.  I am going to harshly criticize the barrista I had on my last two visits, and I recognize that others may be better.  But she deserves to be mentioned, and I think that I am not the only one that had this problem.Ok, so I went in on Labor Day. I get it, she wanted to be at home with her bestie drinking a margarita by the pool.  I would have preferred that myself, but I had a huge test on Tuesday morning, and I was using my day off to study.I order a coffee.  I ask for a large Americano.  She puts a large paper cup in front of me and I ask her if I could have it in a ceramic cup, I'm staying and I don't want to use the resources.  She tells me that she doesn't have any clean cups.   I am the only one in line, so I tell her that I don't mind waiting, I will sit down and get situated, and she can wash one. She points to the room behind me, and tells me that it's Labor Day, she is alone in here and it's packed.Ok, lady. I get it.  Full house.  But everyone is drinking their coffee, there is no crazy line at the counter.  There is no line at all at the counter. I can only assume that if you are out of cups, the very first thing you are going to do when I walk away is wash some.  I am letting you know that I am willing to wait. But I don't say this, I say, "There are ceramic cups right behind you."  "Those are mediums," she says.  "You ordered a large."  She is really, really not getting the big picture.  I just want a damn coffee in a freaking ceramic cup, so I can feel civilized while not making a bigger carbon footprint in the process and study for my anatomy exam."That's fine" I say, "I will have it in a medium cup."  She gives me a quarter back, which is apparently the difference between ad large and a medium.  Turns out choosing the medium cup was a mistake, apparently Lola bought her coffee cups based on style, not function.  They are ridiculously wide and shallow,. so it's kind of like moving a huge saucer to your lips trying to slosh some coffee into your face. I used about five napkins trying to wipe up the coffee that spilled all over the table (so much for not wasting paper) when I tried to set it down.  It tasted terrible, probably due to the horrible taste in my mouth left over from dealing with the barrista-from-hell.  So after finally settling in, I realize that this is the worst place in the world to study. Or to sit, or to read, or to talk to someone.   Too tall, no sound absorbers, I can hear every single thing being said around me.   I don't know how to descibe it other than bad energy in there, kind of...uptight.  Like everyone else felt as uncomfortable as I did. I actually got up and left a full cup of coffee (minus what spilled).  The whole thing was just so bad, I wanted to get the hell out of there.    Even though it is right down the street from me, and it looks beautiful, I will never, ever go back in.
5	Great random find in my hotel room entertainment magazine! The space itself is art studio meets one bedroom loft. High ceilings, floor to ceiling windows, lots of space but cozy at the same time. The menu is simple but the coffee is quality. Cinnamon sugar scone is a must!Staff is really friendly! Got a great tip from a staffer to check out a boutique in downtown PHX which was a great find! This place just has a great vibe and definitely one of the highlights of my weekend in Phoenix.
3	I'm giving it 3 stars almost solely on decor & atmosphere. After reading all of the rave reviews I really expected to be amazed, but sadly, that didn't happen. I did get a nonfat chai latte instead of coffee, so maybe that has something to do with it. It was kind of bland, nothing special :( But like I said, the company was good, the atmosphere nice & I love the look of the place :) If I try it again I'll try the coffee,,, I don't think I want to repeat my chai experience.
4	Had my first Matador the other day and thought it pretty much rocked Unlike its sister shop on Central, this Lola keeps it simple with good coffee served by friendly staffers who spin vinyl at a reasonable volume. Reliable Wi-Fi, too.This location is ideal for catching up with an old friend or relaxing with a magazine.
4	Coffee is great, good place to read or study. Just wish it were open longer at night and on weekends. Perhaps having the Pita Jungle open next door will increase foot traffic and thus demand. Free wifi.
3	Very cute coffee shop, great decor. The latte was average and the coffee art was a mess. Still tasted pretty decent though. The espresso isn't as flavourful as at Lux. I'd give them another shot next time I'm in Phoenix, maybe the barista was having an off-day or something.
4	Living in the area, this is the place to get coffee.  Some of the staff used to be very rude, but upon meeting suzy, a very friendly barista, this place has become our normal coffee spot.  Nice decor, good music, and very good coffee!
5	If you are a coffee lover, you'll enjoy your experience here. I was here to check the latte art competition and was able to talk with the baristas that work here....GREAT experience! They have an artist who will make faces in his creations (you can recognize him 'cos he has a feather for an earring and a funky look).They have a good selection of grains and same like Cartel, they take really serious the roasting part. The place has a nice decoration and if it were not for the fact I live far...this will be a place to hang out more often!Enjoy you coffee drinkers (and I mean real coffee drinkers, not Starbucks fans)
5	There are very few places I can wander into and meet people I know well, each from a different personal life zone of mine.  Lola on Roosevelt is one of them.  A true "3rd place" I suppose - especially since I live over 6 miles away.The coffee is chosen, roasted, ground and cooked with the obsessive passion that we've known and loved the past 10 years at all 4 "3rd places" - Lux, Lola Tapas, Lola on Central and now here.  The barristas are elegantly poised professionals who can handle crowd "spikes" calmly and rapidly - a very rare and precious talent [why is it done in these places so consistently?].  The confections have always been excellent - I wish the grains weren't so highly refined is my only quibble there.  The old building is just perfect!  What they've done to it makes the space achingly exquisite.  And comfortable.  And comfortingly urbane.I wish I lived next door.
5	I love both locations equally. Such a delicious cafe caramel. I also really love their tea selections. The baristas are always friendly, and there's always a place to sit. What more can you ask for? :)
5	Just when I thought I wouldn't find a coffee shop that wasn't a Starbucks, I saw the swirly letters of Lola beckoning to me like elegant, welcoming fingers. I just knew that there would be caffeinated delights waiting for me behind the glass door!I haven't had an iced coffee since October. It's been a long, cold winter here in KC and for me, this means copious amounts of hot coffee. Being that in Phoenix it was in the 70s, I was happy to be able to have the taste of spring in an iced Americano with two raw sugars. They make a damn good cup here, plus the barista is super nice, even when inundated with non drip coffee orders. I had to take it to go, but I loved the cozy, rustic environment.  There's one large communal white wooden table, and then a bunch of smaller wood tables throughout the shop with metal chairs that conjure up images of a 1930s school house. When I was there the last week of January, they had a mesmerizing photography exhibit, with several enormous prints that I'm not going to even try explaining (I uploaded several pics). I have a strong feeling if I lived in Phoenix, this would be my go-to coffee shop for work, meetings, or just hanging out. And of course, getting that perfect cup to go.
4	Been coming here for past 6 months.  And I have not looked for any other coffee joints.  Coffee is superb!  I love it here, the owner definitely has passion and great taste.
5	My home away from home. I write some keyword blogs for a living so I need someplace to work. I go here and try to look like I am working on a script instead because the hipster girls like that.The baristas are all lovely ladies (Except Joreal [sp?] but he is cool as shit so I let it slide).The coffee is divine. The place is hip and you will run in to myself and/or Wayne almost daily and that's cool right?
5	The cappuccino I ordered was made with pure perfection by the multiple tasking, personable barista. The music was the perfect addition to the cozy eclectic vibe of this place. I will without a doubt be frequenting Lola's often!
5	Service is always welcoming.  Lucky to have a neighborhood cafe that serves your coffee with a smile and a "Thank you".Favorite Drink is The Matador and you absolutely can't skip the whipped cream.Pastries never an intention when I go in but always draw my eye and I'm sold.  They never disappoint
4	Lola Coffee catered coffee for our wedding in downtown Phoenix. They were really nice to work with, went above and beyond our expectations, and everyone loved the coffee (parents and grandparents actually commented on how good it was).
5	Great coffee and great prices. A spacious inside and tables out back are just the beginning. This coffee house is the place to chill on a nice afternoon. The staff seems genuinely happy and pleased to explain their different options. Service is quick, too.The coffee itself is rich and flavorful. It is fresh tasting, and they offer all variety of swetening options, including raw sugar. The portions are reasonable, and drinks not just loaded with milk and syrup.If you are looking for a place to relax and catch up on your emails without feeling alone or rushed, this is it. Warning: you might become a regular!
4	SO I went by this place with my dad after lunch today on my coffee tour of Phoenix!!! (ftw). This place is walking distance from my dad's office, so it was perfect as far as location goes. The inside is really nice, I like the decor and I think it feels comfortable. I got a latte and my dad got an iced mocha with whipped cream. Well they make their own whipped cream and it was really good! It has a little bit of chocolate and coffee in it. Yum. My latte was good, but was more milky than coffee -y. The espresso was a little weak. Overall, it was a really good cup of coffee though, and it ranks up there with the good coffee shops of phoenix. I would definitely go back. Also, they have the cutest pastries! they have little tarts and mini cupcakes and it all looks really good, but I didn't try one today because I had just eaten lunch. The prices were fair I thought. Overall, good place.
5	Something I enjoy about Lola's (as opposed to some of my other CenPho coffee favorites) is that it is CONSISTENT!  I do not have to worry about which barista is working or what drink I order - it is always good. -The staff is always friendly and takes time to get to know their regulars.-They always have great music playing.  -Aside from their pastry case, they usually have some hot food you can order. -They have the best whip cream around - seriously.  I never order whip cream at any other coffee shop, but I really don't mind those extra calories here.  My least favorite things about this place: their seating.  Yes, those old metal school chairs look fabulous - but they are cold and uncomfortable!  If I'm going to hang out there for a few hours, I don't want my butt to go numb from uncomfortable seating.
5	Cafe blanco is awesome! The staff is very friendly and upbeat. There is a comfy couch and two comfy chairs that I fancy. They play a very nice mix of music there. The coffee is about a dollar cheaper than chain coffee and 100% better. Cheaper, Better, Faster, Stronger... seriously! The large has three shots not two and the when you add the whip cream you come up with a coffee that you have to savor! This is my favorite coffee shop in Phoenix. Mucho Recomendo!
4	I love Lola's coffee!  The space is amazing and the people there are very friendly.  Their pastries are good as well!  I love my coffee and the thing I hate the most is when you go to a coffee shop and each time you have a different experience... each time I have been to Lola's it has always been the same, great!!!
4	Some times the little things make the biggest differences. In this case it was the Agave nectar.I am not a huge coffee person due to my aversion to caffeine but I was thirsty and was just next door for lunch. I was happy to hear they can decaf just about any drink.I went with a basic iced decaf american 16 oz for $2.50 seemed like a decent deal. With the agave nectar and creamer at the dressings station it was quite good.The place has a real down town hipster feel with a retro sound system and tables that match the macs that people are using.
4	I make a point of coming here when I'm downtown.  Great place to hang out and get some work done.  I don't drink coffee but great teas and I like their muffins as much as I did the Lola on Camelback.  Not a ton of outdoor seating but I'm usually working inside so not a huge issue for me.  All the girls who work here are great too, very friendly and helpful.  Very cool music too..it's toughto beat this combination of good atmosphere, good staff, good food and good music in a cool, urban, transitioning neighborhood.  Wish I lived closer.
3	A fun coffee shop within walking distance of my house works great for me. Definitely not the best in the neighborhood but it has a very unique and fun style and I've never had to wait in line.
4	Cute place great vibe. Coffee was okay. Great service. Love what they have going here and will be back for sure. I will just get something different than what I had the first time.
5	this has been a long time coming, but without further ado:I met her in a coffee shoppe down in old CenPhoWhere you drink caffeine and it tastes just like cherry-colaC-O-L-A cola She walked up to me and she asked me to payI asked her her name and in a DARK BROWN voice she said Lola L-O-L-A Lola lo-lo-lo-lo Lola Well I'm not the world's most physical guy But when the coffee burned my mouth I nearly broke my book's spine Oh my Lola lo-lo-lo-lo Lola Well I'm not dumb but I can't understand Why my barrista walked like a woman and talked like a man Oh my Lola lo-lo-lo-lo Lola lo-lo-lo-lo Lola Well we drank chai lattes and danced all night Under electric candlelight She picked me up and sat me on her knee And said little boy won't you come home with me Well I'm not the world's most passionate coffee drinking guy But when I looked in her eyes well I almost fell for my Lola Lo-lo-lo-lo Lola lo-lo-lo-lo Lola Lola lo-lo-lo-lo Lola lo-lo-lo-lo Lola I pushed her away I walked to the door I fell to the floor I got down on my knees Well I looked at her and she at me Well that's the way that I want it to stay And I'll always want it to be that way for my Lola Lo-lo-lo-lo Lola Girls will be boys and boys will be girls It's a mixed up muddled up shook up world except for Lola Coffee Lo-lo-lo-lo Lola Well I'd left home just a week before And I'd never ever drank a quad shot latte beforeBut Lola smiled and took me by the hand And said little boy I'm gonna make you a man Well I'm not the world's most masculine man But I know what I am and I'm glad I'm a man And so is Lola Lo-lo-lo-lo Lola lo-lo-lo-lo Lola Lola lo-lo-lo-lo Lola lo-lo-lo-lo Lola
2	Urgh...I keep trying this place but it's seemingly impossible (like at Lux on Central) to have a quiet coffee time. Music is, in my view (maybe I'm getting too old) always louder than necessary. To add to the cacophony today the staff were playing around w/ each other for some reason and all sorts of squealing that made it pretty much impossible to relax. Tea is good and scone was delicious but the atmosphere could be WAY more relaxing.
5	I give this place a five star for a few reasons...1- I really dig the Roosevelt area. Wasn't crowded at all on a Sunday afternoon and the surrounding buildings and palm trees make for a great leisurely walk with your coffee.2- The service was great. The barista working was enjoying  a slower moment out on a bench with friends in front of the shop and as we arrived she got up immediately, greeted us kindly and told us she was going to go wash her hands before helping us and making our drinks. Having worked at a coffee joint myself once, I understand the slow times and the perks of helping a shift go by much easier when friends stop by and I'm glad she gets to hang out while understanding the importance of customer service. Go you barista lady!3- The drinks were great! What more can you really ask for when you are purchasing a coffee. I got a large iced mocha with two shots instead of four (four would kill me) and my boyfriend got a medium iced latte. We are kind of coffee snobs and the drinks were wonderful. I normally order an iced toddy or an iced americano but was feeling rather indulgent that day.4- The atmosphere was my style. Big open room, great tunes!, lots of places to sit to use your laptop, seating outside in front of the shop as well as great seating outdoors behind the shop and here's the kicker.. the bathrooms were clean and I didn't cringe or hold my breath while using it.5- They are local and they hang local art. Anything local in my book, is a win.This place is great. On my days off it will be a great place to sit and escape with my laptop or my current read.
4	Lola, I would like to know what on earth you put in your coffee! It resembles only one other coffee I've had and that was in Portland. Lola, you put something in your coffee that sends a spark of energy to my brain and makes me work like a madwomen for the rest of the day! I really like this location. It has a lot of character and reminds me of a coffee shop I'd find in Portland or SF. It's not huge inside, but everyone seems to coexist comfortably together and it's an easy spot to have a meeting or do some work. They put something delicious and addicting in their iced coffee. I ordered the non-fat iced vanilla latte and I was happy for the rest of the day. The coffee was creamy, not too strong and perfectly chilled. I could have had four more but that would have been bad news. I will dream about coffee beans until my next visit for that addicting iced latte.
5	What a refreshing coffee shop. Quality drinks, friendly service, and a great environment. The Borgia over ice is delectable. Definitely a great find! Enjoy.
3	Whatever Lola wants.  Go and support your local coffee shops and stop supporting Dr. Evil and his Starbucks.  Oh Behave!I wish there was one of these places where I live, but I gather Downtown PHX is not too far.  Lola's is a small quaint coffee shop with some good vibes; really relaxing and chill.I'm a regular coffee drinker plain black -- no sugar or cream.  Overall, I didn't think it blew my mind away, but can't beat the atmosphere.
4	I have passed this place so many times and I always say I am going to stop and try it!  I finally did and I am so glad I did.  I love chai lattes so of course I had to try theirs.  It was awesome!  It was the perfect amount of sweetness and spice.  The atmosphere is open and it looks like a great place to come with some friends or to just come by yourself with your laptop and do what you need to do.  The girl was by herself behind the counter so she was a little overwhelmed but its ok because my drink was great!  Thank you!
5	This time I had their orange bread..... MMMMMMM like home made!! And again a latte! just like the way they know how to serve it!!
5	I love Lola... the matador is simply craveable!
4	I found myself at Lola's Coffee because I was sluggish, and needing some coffee to fight off a food coma so that I could continue to enjoy my visit to Phoenix.  Google Maps done me right, all this time.It's in a quaint location off of 3rd street, and I imagine if I lived remotely nearby, I could envision myself spending a lot of time lounging out at Lola's, because I ironically like a lot of the same aesthetics that hipsters do, despite being somewhat of a jock type.  But it's a clean and relaxing interior design with plenty of chairs, couches, and lots of reading materials while you partake in your coffee.I'll be honest, the matador I had was pretty good, but in the end, still kind of forgettable.  Not quite the life-changing I must come back to PHX for this kind of cup of joe.  But still good.  The cookie I got was a little on the oily side, but still edible.I give the place four stars, because I like the atmosphere, the two-toned girl who served me my coffee was a total fox, and the coffee was still good.  Phoenix as a whole is full of great eateries and coffee joints, and Lola's on 3rd easily fits in with the rest of them.
5	Lola embodies what supporting local businesses is all about! They have put together a first rate business that consistently serves GREAT coffee and offers a fine selection of pastries.The atmosphere is awesome with large windows facing the street that let in plenty of sunlight. Awesome tunes are always playing and I particularly dig the retro stereo. I always pop in just before work so I have yet to spend time and soak up the atmosphere, but this is a local business that Phoenix can be proud of.
3	Would have liked it better if the girls weren't ignoring me. My boyfriend was a regular there, they got him his usual and ignored the fact I was even present. Oj is overpriced, rather go to Lux.
1	So I went to Lola a few days ago thinking the local coffee shop would be great considering all the people in there. BOOOOY was I wrong. All those "people" in the shop were just pretentious little hipster kids and the staff (one confused looking girl) didn't know ANYTHING about coffee. She was stuck up, non interested and just plain rude. I ordered a large vanilla late and received a medium regular late, no vanilla. It wasn't a friendly place, I felt unwelcome there and I'll NEVER go back or recommend that place. If your looking for a good coffee shop downtown hit up JOBOT, the people are friendly and the drinks are a million times better.
4	There are three places I can trust to make great coffee in Phoenix. Lola's is one of them. Nuff Said.
5	I come in here atleast once a week since it is on my way to work now. There was even a week that I came in every day.Twice on one day.Ok, ok! Three times! I COULDN'T HELP IT! Don't judge me.I usually get either the Matador or the Cafe Caramel. I try to avoid the homemade espresso whipped cream like the plague but usually fail because it is ssoooo delicious. So delicious infact that I spell "so" with two S's and four O's.What I do succeed at is not buying an entire plate of whatever flavor short bread cookies they have that day Those are even better than the whipped cream, but as they charge for the cookies and not the whipped cream, I have to exhibit a little self control. I have a little better self control when my money is involved (but not much).Their poppy seed and strawberry muffins are amazing as is their quiche, but it's their short bread cookies that are life altering. Ok that may be a slight exaggeration, but I suspect it's laced with something addictive because I think about them ALL the time.I love the decore here. I want one of their (what I assume to be reclaimed) wood tables in my apartment. I also am in love with the work of the artist on exhibit this month.Usually I just look, but this time I might actually buy a piece or two. Really. So now that I write this, I sit at work staring at the clock waiting for my time to go home so I can stop by for a drink and cookie. This is going to be the slowest afternoon. Ever.Oh and Nathan S., you better start checking in more. Your Dukedom is at stake and I want it!
5	In the midst of the great emptiness that is the depraved Phoenix aesthetic, Lola gives me hope that--someday--the people of this valley will awake from their masochistic delirium and create spaces consonant with our humanity. Until then, I'll be holed up at Lola.
4	(The coffee = good Tea = good.  Not the best)  The location = great.  Perfect setting for a neighborhood coffee shop.  The inside = great.  Communal seatting, cozy, not to busy; very entreating.  Menu = so-so.  Not much going on in this department and what is darn expensive for cookies and cakes by any one's standards.
5	Best coffee I've had in a long time.  The Caramel Latte is to die for.  The owner is super nice and wrote me immediately after I had inquired about what type of Caramel they used.  A+++
1	I can't review their coffee because the rude salesgirl wouldn't let us buy any. We came here around 7pm on a Friday. The door says they are open until 10. The yelp profile says the same. She was on the phone with a friend gossiping when we came in. We stand there for at least 5mins before she noticed and said "oh yeah, we're closed." wtf?
4	I dont drink coffee. If i did i might choose a place with hipster art, a cute girl named Joanna at the register who knows everyones name, and a coffee roaster in the back that you can see.This place is a little piece of Haight and ashbury in the middle of phoenix. Very cool music, cool atmosphere and the soy chai latte was excellent.
4	Been on my quest for looking for a new spot to study; wow that sounded NERDY! Please don't judge, eh to late. Despite reading all the reviews and getting lost trying to find this place, embarrassing I know. As mentioned by various Yelper's their Matador beverage was EPIC. I went there around 1ish even on Spring Break this place was busy. The atmosphere to subtle, their music wasn't overly loud, good tunes. Overall I recommend this place.
5	great addition to downtown.
5	The best ever!  I will go out of my way to get coffee at Lola's.  The Cappuccino was perfect and my friends brewed coffee was very good.  We had cookies too; they were very tasty.
4	This place seems to be everything you'd want in your neighborhood coffee joint. I've only been once and I had an iced mocha (yeah, that's right). The coffee was delicious and to top it off, literally, the whipped cream (yeah, that's right) was infused with espresso. The atmosphere caters to the downtown hipster, wifi set. Which is smart 'cause if you've got fast throughput and good joe they'll lurk and linger in droves, doling our ducats all the while. It probably rates a five star review but I just did a hit and run.
5	I stop here everyday, when I can. The "Matador" is the best coffee drink on the planet, it makes my coworker go in to this berzerker frenzy. Like a Mexican Cornholio. The chocolate croissant is the best thing I have ever put in my mouth. There was one left the other day, and I almost slapped the shit out of this old lady for taking it before me.
5	Being a native Seattleite it's hard to find a similar coffee shop setting in the SW desert.  I was pleasantly suprised with Lolas.  Their lattes are great and the atmosphere is very chill.  Love that I will be living so close and can walk or ride my bike here.
5	Great location, cool place, nice courtyard. Not to mention coffee :) and pastries.
4	Lola is one of those solid coffee shops that is a destination from just about anywhere in the valley. They're a nice destination for anyone within a few mile radius; walk, run or ride, they keep a bike rack out front.Pop over whenever you're in the downtown area for better than the average breakfast, quick coffee or tea break, or evening chill session over the weekends. I enjoyed a solid slice of quiche last weekend; although it would have been out of the park with some spinach or veggie added to the recipe. They've also got a selection of pastries to grab, or omlets to order. The wife ordered an eggwhite omlet that was surprisingly yummy!Heed this suggestion; skip IHOP, Denny's and Coco's and aim for Lola's at breakfast instead.You'll be glad you did.Happy Dining!
5	Lola is my go-to for morning perks and for a place to do my weekend work. From the incredibly helpful staff who are as gracious as they come, to the eclectic music mix, the rotation of art on the walls, and the mixed clientele, Lola is the coffee space of my dreams. Even when traveling to cities such as San Francisco, Austin, And the best of the Midwest and East Coast, Lola sets the standard for me about everything a coffee shop should be. You can tell there is definite pride in ownership, and Daniel's impeccable taste is evident in every detail.
4	I'd always seen this place when I drive by on my way to Bliss/reBar, and my coworker lives behind them and had nothing but good things to say about this place.I must say, the coffee is delicious. I stopped by to have breakfast and caffeinate up before the Phoenix Comicon, and got the iced mocha. On a whim I decided to splurge on the whipped cream calories. O.M.G. That whipped cream had coffee in it. It was DELICIOUS. My boyfriend got his cafe caramel hot, and it came with latte art on it! (Silly, I know, but I've yet to experience latte art first hand). He loved the coffee. He described it as having notes of... peanut and chocolate? Or maybe it was another place's. Regardless, he's picky about his coffee and he loved it. We also got omelettes off the omelette bar. It's really quite simple, but they did it very well. I got mine with mushrooms and caramelized onions, and they went heavy on the fresh cracked pepper, which I love.The decor in this place is pretty awesome. It's got raw exposed brick, concerete floors, an industrial vibe going on. I loved the reclaimed wood tables, and it's fun to see where they roast the beans, and to know that they roast their own. I don't live and work near this place, which I am somewhat grateful for. Otherwise, I'd be getting fat off of iced mochas with coffee whipped cream. That's not fun.
5	This is my favorite coffee shop in the downtown Phoenix area. The prices are moderately inexpensive and it feels like a little family when I go in. The drinks are delicious and the food is to die for!
3	Lola is a great coffee shop in downtown Phoenix. Whether you are from the area or looking for a new spot, it's a great place.  For starters they have a great Blanco and Mocha coffee, with the best whip cream I've had (they flavor it with espresso). The vibe is hip and they feature rotating local art. The drawbacks for Lola are poorly designed seating and their breakfast menu. The room fills up artificially quick because most of the seating is occupied by one person while being designed for 2 or 4 people. Coming to Lola with another person or *gasp* more can be a problem if you want to sit together! Also, they have one of the worst omelets ever. Seriously. Denny's is better. They are not a restaurant, they are a coffee shop trying to expand their offerings- sadly it was done poorly. If you want a bite here, get a baked good- they won't blow you away but they won't remind you of the LOST finale (that's the omelet!). On a side note, the last time I went to Lola (about 2 months ago) I had the worst customer service experience of my life. It's not worth going into, and it certainly does not represent the otherwise great people, but without that trip I would have been hard pressed to give Lola at least 4 stars.
5	Awesome coffee + Awesome people = Lola Coffee
5	Great coffee, great atmosphere!!!!I can concentrate on my PC work and sketch there!Very good quality coffee, also great customer service.I love the interior of the space, too. Very warmth wooden style, big window, and great furniture.This is the place I go when I am in Phoenix!!!
5	I love love love this place. I often treat myself a couple times a week to a coffee and danish. All the pastries are hadnmade in house and are the BEST you will ever taste. I could seriously eat a DOZEN of their cream cheese danishes in one sitting. I can't attest to a variety of coffees there because I always get the same thing; a drip coffee with a shot of vanilla. That alone is saying something because I typically prefer the usual fru-fru coffee. But their coffee is good enough that I don't see the need to jazz it up more than some simple vanilla and cream. The beans are all roasted in-house as well, nice touch, you can taste the difference. The atmosphere is hip. Its definitely no franchised Starbucks, and I love that. All around, I would go to Lola everyday if I could afford it! Alas, their prices are pretty much on-par with the rest of the nicer coffee shops. Stop in, get a cream cheese danish, and order yourself something where you can actually taste the coffee still.. Kick back and enjoy the ambiance.
5	Somewhere that can actually make proper foam not only out of regular milk but soy milk! Very good granola and Amish pastry. Definitely will be back in my next passing through of Phoenix! Great customer service as well.
4	Good coffee, sometimes a little burnt. Pastries great.
5	I'm biased as I live across the street, but...  It remains my go-to place for cafe.  And, if I'm not careful, Lola will be the reason why I blow up to 300 lbs.  (The baked goods are awesome.)
5	Awesome group of ladies serving up great coffee. Amazing space and nice chill coffee shop vibe.
3	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):8 Drinks8 Service5 Atmosphere7 ValueLola offers pretty good stuff, but it's loud as hell and feels a little chaotic, so avoid the mistake of setting up a meeting here unless it's nice enough to sit outside.
5	THE BEST ICED MOCHAS!!! HANDS DOWN! I'm an iced mocha fan and I'm always on the hunt for the most delicious well-bodied iced treat. I don't like when my mochas are sickly sweet and artificial tasting like Starbucks. I don't like when my mochas taste burned or over milky.... But Lola has it down! There is something so divinely wonderful about their iced mochas. A perfect balance of chocolate, coffee, and sweet. The best part is their home made whip cream which is truly heavenly.
5	Oh Lola, you are soo freaken adorable!!! :)I am in L-O-V-E with this coffee shop, so laid back and hip!! I love its comfy feeling and sudden relaxing effect it has over you as soon as you step in, it's clean, modern and beautifully decorated all over!!!  Oh and yeah my Chai was oh so yummy along with a cherry scone! The girl that helped us was super nice and knowledgeable of the drinks and baked goodies this coffee shop offers. I would gladly want to own a coffee shop similar to this one someday!!! :)
4	Good coffee and very consistant quality. The staff is friendly and always fun to chat with. The only negative is that it isn't within walking distance from my office! Oh well, still worth the drive.
5	Out of all the local coffee shops, this is one of my favorite. First, and most importantly, the coffee is great! It has a nice rich flavor, but isn't bitter. If you are looking for something a little sweeter, I recommend the Matador (along w/ the 50 other people here have).Secondly, there is some pretty delicious food. I really like the quiche the best.Third, the staff is always nice.Lastly, it's a cool environment. If you're looking for a cool place to hang out, this is a good spot.
5	One of the best chai hot teas I have had as well as there NY style cheescake. All there baked goods are made daily from scratch
5	This was one of the real highlights of my trip into Phoenix/Tempe.  I was dead set on having a chocolate croissant and iced mocha for breakfast.  I searched through yelp result after yelp result and always the reviews were the same, well rated by most, but those who didn't rate places well said the service stank or the places too closely followed Starbucks and way over-roasted their coffee.  Lola's was the one that stood out as having no real negatives.  I can see why.My chocolate croissant was excellent.  Flaky, buttery, and not shy with the chocolate. It was a bit weird to get it with a knife and fork.My iced mocha was excellent, chocolaty, but not so much so or so sugary that I couldn't taste the coffee.  Admittedly it was a touch more bitter than I generally prefer but not so much that it detracted from my enjoyment of the drink.The staff, although a bit rushed the whole time, was friendly and helpful.  The vibe was industrial hipster, but for all that I blatantly stood out there (in Umbrella Co tac gear) I didn't really feel out of place or too bombarded by the trendy vibe (which sadly has done a lot to ruin what was my favourite coffee place in Vegas).  There was plenty of seating, and the chair I claimed was very comfortable. There is plenty of parking, which surprised me, and their outdoor patio was very nice.I will miss Lola's.
5	Lola is one of my favorite morning stops simply because their iced coffee (served with a shot of espresso) is the most delicious I've ever tasted. Bonus items include an awesome, laid-back atmosphere, super friendly staff and always good music playing. I've tried a few of the quiches and pastries and they have all been delicious.My only complaint is that they have those single stall restrooms with finnicky locks so you can never tell if the door is actually locked when you go in!
4	Stopped in after having lunch at Pita Jungle next door. First time here and seemed like a typical coffee shop but that is what it is. The first thing I noticed was the smell, it smelled great! Fresh roasted coffee hit my nose as soon as I walked in, I knew it was going to be good. I ordered a mocha and when she told me the price it was the price on the menu. Tax must be built in but I think that is the way it SHOULD be. My coffee had a little leaf design and tasted and smelled as good as it looked. Definitely will stop by again when in the area.  Plenty of seating, good atmosphere and a lot of open laptops. A nice place to hang out and smell the coffee!
4	LOVE their coffee...one of the best around! It has a great flavor and aroma, and is very smooth. I buy their beans, which is pretty decently priced, for my own brewing at home as a treat :) Their staff is friendly and helpful, and the atmosphere is cool and relaxed. It depends on the day and time you are there, but the couple of times I've been there it's always been very quiet, which can be a bit awkward to hold a conversation, since all the tables are pretty close together, and the shop is just one open room, so pretty much everyone can hear you if nobody else is talking. Otherwise, I love this place, and they have great pastries too!
4	I can't speak to the various deluxe and mixed concoctions available here, but the basic drip coffee is excellent. Every time I've been here I order just a drip coffee, black. If you add cream and sugar you are going to sully the taste of whatever beans they use--they are literally among the best I've had. Even if you hate drinking black coffee, I recommend it at least once.The atmosphere at Lola is very laid back and welcoming. There are always available tables when I go in, and everything is kept clean and tidy. I have been to other coffee shops downtown in which this is definitely not the case (difficult to find a table, messes left out, etc.)If you are in the area looking for a good cup, check it out. It is right next store to Pita Jungle as well, so might be a good destination for after-meal joe.
5	Great service!!
5	My husband is from Raglan, NZ and he said Lola's had the best lattes he has ever had! My mocha was delicious too :) chocolate didn't over power the coffee.If you get there early, they usually have banana bread or zucchini bread that tastes yummy.
4	The decor was awesome, very trendy. The  coffee was delicious. Only downside was it was a little warm and for it being summer time in Arizona they should've cranked the A/C a bit more.
4	I just moved in across the street. So I have been walking here and grabbing a pastry and or a mocha. This place has two entrances, one in the rear, or the main door located right off of roosevelt. The staff are very very friendly, even the people whom frequent this spot are very pleasant, I struck up a conversation with a man while I was waiting for my mocha just the other day. I stopped at the fair trade cafe just up the street and that place is rated very highly but I had a horrible experience there so I recommend this place much more over the latter.
5	Beautiful place with beautiful people on a wonderful side of town.
5	Lola's serves the best coffee in Phoenix. They roast their own beans and sell coffee beans as well as coffee drinks. The staff are friendly and efficient. The decor is cool and laid back. As an added bonus, I always run into friends at Lola's as its a popular meeting spot.
5	Mmmm surprised I haven't reviewed this yet but they've got pretty amazing pastries. It must have been over a year ago when I came in with my friend Roxy and enjoyed a strawberry crumble. Just last Friday I returned to meet my friend Cole and his mom. They were sharing a mocha, espresso, and almond milk so I followed their lead and couldn't have been happier. This was real strong and I'm definitely happy I got a small especially since it costs almost five dollars!!! They've got a back door area as well and good ambiance too but as per the usual downtown, parking is quite the hassle.
5	I am a Starbucks SNOB. I do love to support local coffee shops but I absolutely have been a Starbucks fanatic forever. I gave Lola a try after a late lunch @ Pita Jungle. I was so impressed. I told the barista I was a vegan and she was able to veganise my white chocolate coffee (I think that was the name) by using different ingredients. AWESOME. I then went back a few days later and had the caramel coffee, delish! So good! I no longer have a craving for Starbucks, like at all!
4	How could I forgot exactly how much I love Lola Coffee. I remember this coffee house to meet a friend that lived in the area not long after it opened. So yesterday's visit after work was a joy. I enjoyed a nice cup of coffee in a mug and loved every drop. This was the perfect place to unwind after work rather than the usual Starbucks -- so happy I decided to mix things up and try somethin' different. I'll have to make it a point to try breakfast here. Cheers***
5	I've been to Lola Coffee a number of times and have tried several other local coffee bars in the area and Lola Coffee beats them all hands down. They roast their own beans and if you are an Americano lover, like myself, you won't find a better one around. The service is great and the barista's are friendly. The only drawback is it's so small to be so popular! 8-)
5	What a downtown coffee house should be; taking themselves a little too serious without attitude. The ambiance might be a little loud for some; when weather permits, great little patio area outside. Have yet to be disappointed with the coffee/food. Go there a few times and you start feeling like you walked into your own kitchen. If you cook great pastries, and had several tables....and ran a coffee house in your kitchen. You get the idea.
4	I used to live a stone's throw from this place, and I miss my early morning walks here for the perfect Americano. It's small, kind of cutely cluttered, and the perfect place to get some work done in the afternoon when it quiets down a bit. Get an Americano, or an Arnold Palmer with green tea and their house-made lemonade. You will not regret it.
4	Lola isn't the coffee shop I visit most often (mostly because they don't stay open late) but they do have my favorite drink, The Matador. Often imitated, but never as good, The Matador is truly delicious. I wish they stayed open later than 7...it's such a bummer they don't.
5	Great coffee. Even more amazing soy chai.The back patio is a great place to read for a little while in a sunny afternoon.Also directly connected to Pita Jungle, so...win win. :D
5	Great little coffee shop in downtown phoenix. Love the atmosphere and the people here. The coffee tastes great and it is much quieter and personal than lux coffee. I prefer this place a lot more. I love the decorations and the coffee is good on my tongue. ;)
5	Had a mocha and it was perfection!
3	Good soy latte, bad blueberry scone. Latte was smooth & had the perfect combo of soy milk. The blueberry scone was dry and lacked flavor.  Also wasn't a fan of the sugar on top, graininess is never a good taste.
5	Great coffee, fantastic pastries. Love the omellette bar.
5	Friendly staff, easy enough to find, and very good coffee. Definitely gonna be one of my new haunts.
3	Lola Coffee has awesome baked goods.I love myself some coffee and espresso but rarely do I really try a place's bakery simply because I don't think its going to be worth it. Don't make that mistake here cause we bought a slice of Zucchini Walnut Bread (or something, I'll admit I forget exactly) and we loved it. It kinda tasted like Life cereal which was crazy but went well with my Matador Latte. My girlfriend ordered a Green Tea lemonade by request and that was crazy good too. On a previous visit I had tried a Matador Espresso. Essentially a flavored shot of espresso I was really pleased. I make this mistake a lot where I get "ordering anxiety" so I order an espresso usually leaving me wishing I had gotten something else but the Matador Espresso is really good and although I was still thirsty I didn't feel like I let myself down with this choice.Their beans are pretty good too, good choice if you need some but there are other places in the area to get beans that I would prefer.It appears as well that they have fresh fruit available too which often is missing from most coffee shops I've visited in the Valley. Go to Lola!
5	The owner of this location is amazing and I can tell he cares deeply about his establishment.  This review is only based on the type of customer service I received through email and how quick he was to respond to my question regarding another location.  Given how prompt he was I could tell that coming into this restaurant the staff will have a great environment and no bad vibes at all the way a business should be.  I have yet to try out this location but I most definitely will have to go soon just to see for myself and update my review to add on to this.
5	Delicious! Delicious pastries & delicious coffee. Everyone is super sweet and gets my order right all the time. I definitely recommend this spot to others.
5	I've had a lot of coffee, in a lot of places, and Lola is my all-time favorite.  I love their iced coffee, which is reasonably priced and has a single shot of espresso in it (cheaters).  Also their omelette bar is worth a shot on the weekends for a healthy brunch.  They usually rotate their art out once a month, supporting the local art scene, and keep lots of local event info around.  Background music is pretty good and non-intrusive, and there are always a few interesting folks around.  Usually stop by for an iced coffee on the weekend, then buy a bag of locally roasted beans to take home for work-day mornings.  Can't go wrong with the location, or their coffee.
5	I will echo the reviews below. Amazing friendly service. I got the egg white omelet w/ bacon, spinach, & tomatoes. A little over priced but you do get a large portion size. I also got the cafe latte which was very good. I would recommend this to all!
5	Lola is the best coffee downtown. I've only had better in San Fran... There coffee is consistently better than Jobot. Only thing it's a bit hard to hang out here there are always a bunch of people here. The people that come to Lola are more up class and young than any other shop I been to it's great spot to meet people! They roast their own coffee an it has a very clean taste. It has ample parking in the parking garage free wifi ask for the password.
5	Lola Coffee is definitely my favorite downtown coffee shop.  The service is always quick and friendly, and they always make my drink exactly how I like it without asking.  They just seem to do it right, each and every time.  There's always something delicious waiting for you in the baked good section, and if you're lucky enough to catch the cherry rice pudding, you're luckier than I've been in several months.  The coffee might just be the strongest in town (and it still tastes great) - I've always got the good-shakes for a while after I visit.
5	I have become a regular here when I decided to switch my business to local AZ, and have never looked back. Lola's on Roosevelt is by far my favorite cup of coffee in town. I am still exploring local coffee spots but Lola's is the best, always a quality drink and pastry! The coffee is strong and the flavor full. All of the baristas are great and just spending time in the atmosphere is great with something to work on, or a friend.
4	I had the Matador which was mocha with cinnamon. It was very good, the coffee here is better than Starbucks but not nearly as good as the coffee home roasted at Village Coffee Roastery in Scottsdale (get the dirty chai or cappuccino there, both are to die for) or Cabin Coffee Cafe in Glendale (the honey bear is incredible). Although this place was somewhat busy it was very quiet and the atmosphere was very relaxed. There is seating inside as well as outside. The style of this coffee house is very airy and open, I remember there was a lot of natural lighting coming in so it wasn't dark or relied on artificial lighting as much as other coffee houses. It almost felt as though I was in someone's kitchen, not a business, which may seem strange but it was actually comfortable. I hope to come back and try more caffeinated concoctions here.
4	Great atmosphere. My friend loved the coffee he ordered. I'm always disappointed, though, when I go to a cool local coffee shop, order a chai latte, and see them grab a box of Tazo mix. I wish they would show as much care in the choice of chai as they do in coffee. That's not enough of an annoyance to stop my coming back, though.
5	Coffee and service are superb ! The pastry selection is small but delicious. The place is small but there is outside seating. I love the cozy feel of this place. The servers are friendly and make a great cup of joe.
5	Lola can do no wrong. Love the atmosphere, the brew, the food, and the location. It's funny to me that people always talk about Lux, which the owner of Lola created and sold, and which is now more pretense than substance, IMO.Lola is friendly, cool, and awesome coffee. If you're craving something sweet, the Cafe Caramel with homemade whipped cream is unforgettable. Baked goods out of this world, made in house.I wish it were slightly cheaper, so that I could go more and not feel guilty, but alas.
5	Lola's is my favorite spot for coffee, breakfast and just hanging out.  Very comfortable interior and seating on the front sidewalk and rear patio when the weather is good (which is most of the year).  My favorite things to order are the iced latte, brownie and the chocolate cake - okay those last two I order infrequently and only as a special treat.  For breakfast, their pastries and quiche really can't be beat.  We just recently relocated to the Roosevelt neighborhood and having Lola's in close proximity was a major draw because I always have a great place to meet up with people or visit with friends.
4	Lola's is top notch in the coffee! The coffee & chocolate chip cookies keep me coming back. Thanks for making a good cup of joe, Lola's!
4	I had the matador.  It. Was. Bomb.  When the barista asks if you want whipped cream say yes.  Its like this, when you are going to pay $4 for coffee it better be good.  The atmosphere is hipster, but not like they're trying too hard.  It's a nice place to hangout, or if the weather permits, walk around the neighborhood.  It's pretty.  The only downside is that if you're not walking here, parking can be a challenge.
4	This small downtown cafe had delicious coffee, reasonable prices, and irresistible, homemade parfaits. I just wish their shop was a little bit bigger to cater for the amount of traffic they receive, so that they could put more seating in for customers. Great morning spot with a fun vibe though!
3	Great atmosphere, very casually hip.  A front counter looking out the front window over Roosevelt provides good views and people watching.  One couch and two armchairs and a smattering of other tables completes this small coffee shop.  Good music and good coffee.  Not too loud and typically not too busy, although internet can be slow.  They also have pretty good pastries if you're looking to get a snack to go with your caffeinated beverage.  Calmer than Lux but more hip than Giant.
5	I've loved Lola's since it was located on Central, just south of Camelback. The newer location (Roosevelt and 3rd) is a bit smaller, but the quality of the coffee and snacks is still always excellent. Their iced tea is excellent, but I'm always a sucker for their Matador - a mocha with cinnamon syrup that is out of this world good. They don't always ask you if you want whipped cream, but you're really missing out on something special if you don't get it! Parking can be a challenge, but if you drive a but north in the lot, you can park in the covered garage which is only for customers of the spots in the area.
5	Amazing coffee, and the cookies and pastries are great.This place is awesome, if you can find parking nearby of course. Try one of the side streets near the apartment buildings, there is usually parking around there.But once you get over that whole mini crisis, come into lola's.. sit down and have an amazing cup of coffee. It was great to sit by the window and just chat. It is small and cozy and just what you need for a great chilling afternoon
5	I actually have not ordered anything from here but I have to give it 5 stars for the sheer number of men that are there way early in the morning working on their laptops not dressed in shorts and t-shirts, slumming but actually hair combed and professionally dressed. Is this the new trend now?  To get office dressed to work remotely from a coffee shop. A single woman's dream spot to casually hang out to meet a guy!  Lol. I'm not kidding. If any of you single gals take my advice and start hanging out there (make sure you are also dapper and made up) after reading this review and snag a nice guy, well, I'm Chinese and love being a matchmaker so don't forget to send me a message with a little "wink" "wink". No need to share details. I'm sure the coffee is good here for that kind of intel, read the other reviews. Like I've already wrote, I didn't get any coffee or pastry there. And I'm sure the decor was nice but I didn't really notice. Nonetheless, thanks for the pick me up- the eye candy kind!!! XO
5	The staff is always friendly and super quick. I know a lot of times people complain that non starbucks type places take too long but it certainly isn't the case here. The iced caramel is my go to and the matador is delicious but super rich and sweet.
3	I guess I could have gotten an Americano, or maybe now that I am super coffee snobbery, I am always looking for places that do pour overs. However, I ended up getting a medium soy latte here ... and it was ok.I think Lola is a cute spot, but the parking situation can be a little harrowing because there isn't much of it, and a lot of it is along one way streets so if there aren't any parking spots you end up having to do huge block turns just to get back to where you were before.There's cute indoor seating where you can definitely work, and I am sure they have wifi of some sort ... but overall I wasn't a huge fan of the lattes because they don't use a dark enough roast with lattes to really bring out the flavor of the coffee. I may come back, but with so many great coffee spots in Phoenix ... I'd skip if this was on your list.
5	Actually got work done here -- yay check it out!
5	Try the cafe blanco! It's divine. This place is a gem, highly recommend you visit. Pastry selection is yummy, and includes vegan items.  The space is comfortable and creative, perfect for studying or working.
5	Fortunately Lola is not convenient for my daily commute otherwise I would be here every morning and much poorer as a result. Best cappacino in town. I also like the small urban vibe. I wish Daniel would open another one uptown again. I miss the Central location, it was my Saturday morning habit for at least a year and the one that popped up at The Yard was awesome while I lasted.
4	I was in the area and was in dire need of caffeine. Did a quick yelp search and found this coffee shop. It's a cute coffee shop. I loved the coffee and would have loved to try some of their pastries.
5	Centrally located. Parking could be better. Delicious chai. I am a sipper and my chai was still good later in the day with some extra ice. This place was pretty crowded but had a short wait and was delicious.
3	Decided to stop by Lolas after we were unsuccessful in navigating to a nonexistent juice bar, cozy little place but not too many options besides coffee lover stuff. . . #TEAMTEA
4	Great food and service, love the location. This place is almost always busy, though sometimes I can get in there mid to late afternoon during a slow-down. I often get the iced tea and try a baked good.  The bakery items vary from day to day.  I've tried cornbread, cookies, and an apple tart - all very delicious.  You can purchase coffee beans here too.   There's free wifi, plenty of tables and rows of seats for us loners who like to just sit, sip, snack and work on the laptop.
5	Lola is OUTSTANDING! By far the best coffee, the best baristas, and best atmosphere on the planet.
5	I live between Los Angeles and Phoenix and Lola is by far my favorite coffee shop.  The coffee quality is excellent (I personally love their iced coffees because they add a shot of espresso to them for a full strength and rich flavor), the service is the most efficient and consistent I have ever experienced, the pastry and breakfast items are always fresh and delicious, the prices are reasonable, they sell their brand of coffee and will even grind it for you if you desire, their Arnold Palmers are made from fresh squeezed lemons and the best I've ever had, and I love the feel of the space. I am still searching in LA for my coffee counterpart. I hope Lola decides to open a shop there and make my wildest dreams come true! Thank you, Lola, for being awesome.
5	Had the best latte I've had in a very long time here. Late night (6ish), woman barista with darker hair, this last sunday; she made it. Give that woman a raise!! She was extremely nice and is very talented at what she does. Also, the orange and chocolate biscotti was to die for. Good job, Lola's. I'll be back!!!
5	Being that this is one of my go to, favorite coffee shops I feel bad that I have not taken the time to give it a review...-The coffee & espresso are always on point. Best tasting in town in my opinion. Never bitter, consistently just right. -The pastries and food and great, made with high quality ingredients. Be mindful though, that their delicious breakfast burritos are only served until 11am, learned that the hard way one day ;)-The baristas in general are a bit slow to warm, but once you start frequenting, they recognize you & make you feel glad to be a repeat customer. -The owner sometimes works as barista and when he does he always does it with a warm smile. -The space is historically hip. I'm a fan of original brick, and I love the local artist's displays. My favorite area to sit is in front of the window facing Roosevelt St. The patio seating in the back is great especially in Phoenix Fall/Winter/Spring :)-Neighbors Pita Jungle, another excellent choice when you're in the mood for a meal. All around, love Lola.
5	I've never been disappointed by this place! It's worth driving in PHX traffic for, seriously. I get the iced caramel Latte, so amazing! Their dessert choices always look so tempting & the whipped cream that they make is heavenly!!
