5	I'm very pleased at my results after having gone to Dr. Banchik's office.  You can tell that Dr. Banchik and her staff takes the time to make sure her procedures are done correctly and as painlessly as possible. I cannot recommend her enough.
5	Dr Banchik is really great!  I'm getting my teeth straightened by her and I'm so happy with the results so far! As so many people, I have a hard time at the dentist, I get anxiety and Dr Banchik and her staff are always attentive and make sure I'm ok.  I would recommend her to everybody!
5	The only reason I originally went to Dr Banchik's office was because I have no dental insurance and she had a special on Groupon. However, after my visit I plan on going back and have already made an appt for my fiance. The office staff was extremely friendly. The office is gorgeous and has all of the state of the art equipment. I would highly recommend anyone looking for a dentist to try out this office.
5	The years my family and I spent looking for a dentist in Las Vegas were worth the wait! We love Dr. Banchik and her staff. So much personal attention and care is given to you while there, and that is always followed by a "just checking in" phone call to see how you're feeling.The work my family and I have had done with Dr. Banchik has always been exceptional. She really has an amazing touch. The professionalism in their office is matched only by their friendliness.Can't say enough good things about this practice. Give them a try, you won't be disappointed!
5	I started seeing Dr. Banchik over one year ago.  She came highly recommended by a friend.  My prior experience with dental profession is that they always place their financial interest ahead of patient care. From the first visit, Dr. Banchik took a sincere interest in me as a patient.  She was very professional, honest and caring.  I was so impressed with her skills, knowledge and her caring personality  that I now travel from San Francisco to Vegas for my dental care..Dr. Banchik is the best & Las Vegas is lucky to have her!
5	Can I give 10 stars please? I have the worst fear of dentists. We are talking I have anxiety during the x-rays. I had to have an emergency procedure done and do not have a dentist in Las Vegas yet. (Well I do now!) First of all I walked in at 8am when they opened showed them what happened and I was filling out paperwork and in a room by 9am.  Dr. Leon and his assistant made me so calm and comfortable and the procedure mostly painless.....and it was NOT an easy situation. Broken front teeth and teeth that shifted so bad I couldn't close my bite. I wanted to hug them both when I left. He let me stop when I needed even to take a restroom break, get some water or to just get up and walk around. I was determined to need to be sedated but after he did the local anesthetics and continued enough with them I was through a root canal before I knew it. It is on the edge of town but totally worth the drive. Also they are very accommodating with the fees that insurance will not cover. Their financial staff will work with you to their maximum ability. These people care about their patients well being above all and it is completely evident. I unfortunately can not remember his assistants name today...but she was totally amazing and I was blessed with the best team in the world today. I will be back here forever and when we have kids this is where they will go. Thank you again Dr. Leon!
5	This review is exclusively for Kelly, she did my cleaning today.. I was for sure one of the worst patients she's ever had, she was AWSOME!!!!She was nice and help me ease any discomfort ...I'll be back to see her again!Thanks Kelly! I never thought I'll be saying this but it was fun!
5	10 STAR SERVICE!There are no words for how amazing the service is at Hillcrest Dental.  We moved back to California and with the convenient office hours - there was NO way we were giving Dr. Banchik up to find another dentist.  Yes, we go to vegas for dental work.  I have an irrational fear of dentists.  My tract record is long and windy.  I've been fired as a patient and may or may not have been known to cry hysterically while hyperventilating.  Thankfully, none of this was even an issue with Dr. Banchik.  The team is amazing and very friendly which made me feel a little less apprehensive from the start.  Once I sat in the chair, my nerves did jingle/jangle but Dr. Banchik is very caring, gentle, and took the best care of me.   I also have a very tender and out of sorts jaw which can dislocate easily.  Dr. Banchik is so proactive in not only taking care of my teeth so they look their best but researching the best treatments and options to help me relieve my jaw pain.   Wonderful.  And I can't wait to go back!
5	One of the nicest Dental offices around!  Staff is courteous, the dentists and hygienist are all so reassuring and professional.  Great care, they take the "scary" out of going to the dentist!  the entire office has a pleasant atmosphere, and make patients a priority and make everyone feel welcome and special.  Great job everyone!!
5	By far the best dentist I have ever been to. I like most people get really nervous at the dentist. Dr. Banchik always makes sure you are comfortable and ok. If all dentist were as great as him I would have gone to one years ago. The entire staff is wonderful.
5	Now I'm impressed! I just got done talking with the Dr. Banchik about Ashanti-Marie's dental treatment plan & she was very straight-forward & honest....since I've been living in Vegas for a hot minute...I've never found a dentist that I've taken my 6 yr old to that was very detailed, efficient, forthcoming & honest. I'm so happy I made the choice to leave her former dentist to come here. Also Dr. Banchik is a mom of 3 & she totally gets me & where I'm coming from when it comes to A-Marie's dental care! Mahalo & Fa'afetai tele Lava for all that you do Dr. Banchik & staff! I'll definitely will be coming back :)P.S. So for all my "peeps" who live in da 702...if you need to find a great & awesome dentist....whether it be for your child or for yourself....Dr. Banchik's office is da place to be! Btw...if you work @ da same place as me...they take our insurance & they take HMO insurances too like Nevada Dental Benefits!
5	Excellent shine bright like a diamond
