5	All my life I cleaned my home myself -- but now -- having discovered Planet Huggers in Peoria, AZ with the help of my beloved daughter in law Erin, I am spoiled. They are doing an outstanding job - everything is gleaming and it smells wonderfully clean around thehome. I could not do a better job myself. The ladies are cheerful and attentive. Thank you, Planet Huggers!
1	I bought a groupon for Planet Hugger last month. After 2 calls and 7 e-mails back and forth, I was able to schedule them to clean my house this Saturday. Angela said she'd contact me closer to the date to let me know what time to expect them.This Tuesday I hadn't heard from her, so I e-mailed for the time. No response. I called and left a message on Thursday, and their answering service assured me that they'd call back in 24 hours. No response. I called this morning and spoke to Anthony. When I told him about the lack of responsiveness, he didn't apologize or even acknowledge what I'd said. He just asked for my phone number. He said someone would call me back later with the time. He wouldn't transfer me to a manager, he wouldn't tell me when they'd be available, he wouldn't give me a direct number, he wouldn't even tell me when they'd call back.I treat myself to a professional house cleaning once a year. I look forward to it all year. This company has me in tears.
2	Initially, I will say that the ladies that cleaned my condo did a pretty good job and were pleasant as well.Unfortunately they were supposed to arrive between 8 and 8:30 AM and did not arrive until 9:50.  No call to let me know they'd be that late.  Calls to Planet Hugger always go to voicemail.  (After a number of tries, I've never been able to speak to a human by phone.)  The email I sent around 9:00 AM asking for an ETA so I could plan my day went unreturned.  I had to sit around and wait to let them in.For someone like me who has a tight schedule to keep, this may not be the best option in town.  For the 80-110 minutes they were running late, I could have done most of it myself.
5	My house has never been this clean EVER!!! I am thrilled with the level of service and professionalism expressed by the women who cleaned my house today! I bought a Living Social coupon, and I am so glad I found this company. 5 women arrived and fully cleaned my house in 45 minutes. The women were friendly to me and especially my dog, which is the sign of a wonderful company, if you ask me. I am hoping I am able to use this service on a monthly basis. Angela scheduled my appointment immediately when I let her know I had company coming in town, and the cleaners arrived during the scheduled time. I am thrilled with the results!
5	My house is clean using pet-friendly products.  They arrive on time.  I know that some of the reviews talk about having trouble reaching them by phone, but I have never had a problem reaching them by email (which I prefer).  The ladies show up, work quickly and efficiently, and are on their way.  I couldn't be happier.
1	This is the first time I have ever written a review. I am incredibly disappointed with this company. They quoted me a fair price for the initial deep clean but once they arrived it was all of a sudden well over double the price. I do not recommend this company to anyone
4	Good maid service - I've had other companies and individuals cleaners too, but Planet Hugger is fast and efficient.  Sometimes they come outside of their arrival window  - but they work hard.  I always use email and get a prompt response even on the weekend.  Very reasonable prices too. My house never smells like chemicals either after they've been there and that is really important to us.
1	I scheduled a cleaning service for today at the last minute because my regular cleaners were unavailable. Hey, it happens but I was desperate--and it was my own fault for waiting to call my regular cleaners (Wave House Cleaning in Tempe).  When I was setting up the appointment Angela was responding immediately to my emails and quoted me a very reasonable per hour price of $59 for the first 3 hours for 2 people.  Anything after that would be prorated at a $25/hour price.  I wrote out a check and left it at home for my husband to give to the cleaners.I emailed Angela yesterday to get a time estimate for when the people would be coming.  She never responded.  I sent an email first thing this morning, no response.  I then proceeded to make around 23 calls to the phone number listed on the website (which was the same number in her email signature), none of which were answered.  Four hours later I received an email from her saying that "they would be there shortly and if not they would get there between 12-1."  I'm not quite sure at which point this type of vague response became appropriate for people to use with their customers but hey, that's just my luck, I guess.  They finally arrived at 12:45. Two hours later (at 2:30) I get a text from my husband who was home asking me to forward him the email with the agreed upon pricing. He then calls me and tells me to speak with one of the women who was cleaning my house.  She proceeds to tell me that Angela told her that she would be getting somewhere around $75. I explained to her that I have it in writing and the check was already made out--that's the price she got paid! After they left, my husband called me again and said "can you believe they gave me an invoice for $112?" I was shocked.  They had almost doubled the quoted price and tried to swindle us into paying way more!I read the other Yelp reviews and thought that sometimes people just have bad experiences with good companies.  Nope.  Not in this case. I should have waited for my regular cleaning service instead of trying to get it all done right away by using a different company for one day.  Never again.  After all is said and done, the house does look fine. But we didn't have them do very much, to be honest. I cut out one room and one bathroom (of our 3 rooms and 2 baths) and told them just to vacuum in our master bedroom.  That left one room, one bathroom the kitchen and living room.  We don't have a huge house, so I knew they wouldn't need to spend that much time there.  Definitely not $112 worth of time. They were only there for 2 hours.  My regular service is there for close to 4.5 sometimes, but usually they are there at least 3.5 hours and I pay way less than $112 for much better service.
4	I've had nothing but hard work from this company. I had regular twice monthly cleanings for almost a year. 4 stars instead of 5 because they do sometimes arrive outside the window, but I believe it says on their site that this can happen when other jobs take longer than they expect. It's not been a huge issue for us because we both work from home. The other reason for the 4 stars is because sometimes they would miss wiping down the kitchen/bathroom cabinets, which is something we'd paid extra for above and beyond our bi-weekly service rate. Although, I'm never sure if that is because I didn't make sure to remind them or what. But otherwise they could not be nicer and I loved the job they did every time. I wish we could afford to keep doing it! Unfortunately, when things get tight this is one of those luxuries that has to go first. :(
2	I kept paying for monthly service and I don't know why.  The house was never really clean - just wiped down. They rushed through the job wiping surfaces and pushing dirt around. I sent pictures of how dirty our tile floors were AFTER they cleaned and talked to them about the floors on several occasions. It's too bad, but the attention to detail and a little TLC are completely lacking with this company.
5	I've used Planet Hugger both for regular service as well as a "move-in" service to clean a vacant home before we moved into and they did an incredible job. My husband said they were even on their hands and knees using a razor blades to remove stuck on junk on our tile floors. (Gross to admit but we have a baby, is that a good enough excuse?)Everything is sparkling when they leave, very pleasant to work with and all-natural cleaning products are required for a house with pets and a baby. I can't imagine using anyone else! (They even folded the toilet paper rolls the cute way that hotels do, nice touch!)
1	Deeply disappointed in this company. We initially used them consistently for one year every month while they were making the transition to become "planet huggers", we stopped using them when the bathroom mold was not cleaned out during a regular visit. I was able to easily scrub this out, I am not sure why this was not done. We tried them again a couple weeks after a one year hiatus. They broke our new bathroom pipes and absolved themselves of ALL responsibility. It happend during the visit, my husband called immediately, and the cleaner said she did not do it. We have new pipes and have never had a problem with it, and it started right after they cleaned bathroom. It really not difficult to put two and two together. We requested to split our plumbing bill with them, and after 2 phone calls and 3 email, we received no response. In addition to this, we found our toothpaste, hairspray and other various other items in our shower, has this company lost all common sense?The house is fairly clean, and they are efficient. But I would prefer a company that takes responsibility for their actions and don't ignore issues. I do not recommend in the slightest, find a different company.
5	I was referred to Planet Hugger by Vicki at Top Green cleaning, since she didn't have the day I wanted available. Vicki set up my appointment with Angela at Planet Hugger for this Saturday's cleaning, assuring me that if I wasn't happy with the service, she would come with her crew to clean my house. I received confirmation from Angela at PH right away. Lucia and crew (4 people) arrived in the window that had been promised. They did a deep clean on my 1800 square foot house in 1.5 hours and everything looks fantastic! They were very professional, I paid the price I was quoted, and they showed up on time. I will be scheduling recurring cleanings from them from here on out. They also use green cleaning products, which is important to me. I highly recommend Planet Hugger. They take cards for a $4 fee or checks. I paid by check and included a tip.
