4	Pretty much agree with Tony C.  The sushi rolls are so-so, but the sashimi is some of the best, and freshest cuts in town.  The chirashi is very good but not enough for me, so I usually chase it with a couple of baby octopi.  Their curry is great but as with the other non-sushi dishes the spice ratings are Americanized (i.e., watered down).  If you like spicy food be sure to let them know when you order.
4	Great Malaysian food!!! The service and prices are just as good!  They are very accomodating for large groups, I have been to a few dinner parties here and it was wonderful. If you like sushi they have a great sushi chef on site, they also have a teppanyaki (not table side though).  Malaysian is their specialty and they do it very well.  My parents and in laws love this play too! Good for both meat eaters and vegetarians!What I order:Roti CanaiMango ChickenNasi GorengSambal ShrimpMalaya Sizzling SteakChar Kway Teow
4	I have given up on finding excellent sushi in Charlotte, but this place comes close.  No, they don't use real crab for the CA rolls, but they will bring some crab (blue, snow, king, etc.) of your choice in just for you with a couple days' notice.  They will also bring in any seafood item they normally don't carry just for you.  We often request uni (sea urchin) because it seems the hubbie and I are the only people in Charlotte who like it (you don't know what you're missing).  The pleasant waitstaff and owner remember you and your likes/dislikes.  What a rare thing nowadays.
5	Best sushi I have had in Charlotte!
3	This place is just OK. I think it suffers from the "too many items from too many cuisines" syndrome. A simpler menu would be nice. Atmosphere is so so.
3	Never imagined I would find Malaysian food in Charlotte. Overall, for a gastronomically homesick Singaporean, the food was more than up to the task of providing some comfort.Started with the popiah, essentially a shredded vegetable wrap. This dish was disappointing on many levels, mainly because it was mostly wrap and no filling.I then had the laksa curry noodles with a combination of beef, chicken and shrimp. The curry broth was rich and flavorful and the serving of protein was generous. There were a few ingredients one wouldn't find in a traditional laksa, but this was a minor detail, and this version kept true to the sprit of the dish.
4	They get an automatic bump to 4 stars for brazenly being the only malaysian joint in town. Despite being all over the map (sushi, chinese, malaysian, thai, japanese) Cuisine Malaya does really well (as in, authentic) with some stuff, pretty well with the rest. Decent prices + me being able to sit down and have decently executed cuisine from 4 different asiatic countries for dinner = awesome.The lunch menu is limited but still very veg friendly. Dinner is where its at. I love malaysian curry (well, curry of any kind, really) and the Curry Vegetable Chef's special hits the spot. Okra and eggplant, tomato, tofu, green beans, yes yes. Oily, smokey curry and delicious coconut milk, yumm. Unless you're ravenous, the 11$ will be well spent, as you'll have lunch for the next day. And we all know curries improve overnight ;) They have both Thom Kha and Hot n Sour veg options, both soups I adore. Tofu can be added/subbed to almost anything here.All the sushi I've had has been perfectly prepared, with good ingredients. The rolls aren't 80% rice, 20% stuff. They're also flexible about ingredients, something a lot of places are not (have them make you a vegetable tempura roll - delicious).I wish they had coconut rice, and gado gado. I don't get the "shrimp sauce" served with the hibachi items (a mixture of what tasted like mayo and ketchup, yikes). For my malaysian curry fix, however... I'm stoked they're here.
5	The Sushi ReviewCuisine MalayaPacific Rim ShotOne of the best features of this establishment is its choice location. It's not so out-of-the-way that you have to travel to nightlife and not so on-the-scene that it would attract curious passers-by. I first visited this place to sample the Indian fare which had a good spin on the campus at CPCC. Of course I was drawn to the cliche 1950's pacific-rim archaeologist motif (fan-tan, folding fans, bamboo, etc.) but it was just slightly interesting as compared to the sushi menu, which was surprisingly diverse. The Maki rolls were above average and the Soundboy roll (spicy tuna or smoked salmon Philly tempura) was very good. They have a good selection of Japanese beer and the house sake is the only warm sake on the menu, so there is no immediate reason to order the fancy-pants selections, unless you are trying to impress someone - but that can easily backfire like a '79 Dodge Aspen going up a hill. Stick to what you know, or at least what you have learned so far. The Maki is solid and the Nagiri is good as well. The price is a little above average but you get a decent portion of good sushi. Try the Asahi bottled beer with the warm house sake. If you bring a date you can easily share. The Indian pancake is great for a shared appetizer. The Indian side of the menu is pretty good as well, so give it a shot on your following visit.I recommend Malaya overall for the sushi, location and atmosphere. Afterward, you can take the short drive Uptown and check out the scene.
4	I've frequented Cuisine Malaya more than any other restaurant in Charlotte.  Mainly because of the consistency of the flavors and the affordability.  I like the wooden beams and the loft-like feeling you get once inside.   I love their lunch specials, not much to choose from, but with the price I can afford to get sushi too.  I dont do raw fish, so I always order an extra crispy (read: extra fried) Dynamite Roll.  Its so amazing, and when I share with my lunch buddy, its a perfect portion.  I almost always order Garlic Shrimp which is super good if ordered x-tra, x-tra spicy.  Well Im a sucker for spicy food so disregard the comment if you dont like spicy.  Ive also tried their Belican Okra with shrimp, Laksa with shrimp, Shrimp shumai, Curry shrimp (not very authentic at all) and Pad Thai which I love.  Its very delicious, although not the best Ive ever had.  And if you want spicy sauce of the side, they have an amazing one, but you have to ask and they'll bring it out.
4	Get the Malaysian fried rice. Unbelievable. If you're into sushi, I recommend the panther roll. Curries are very good too.   Sometimes the service has been off a bit, but the food is excellent.
5	Each time I've eaten here, I've been pleased with the food.  The Beef Rendang is wonderful--the lemon grass flavor is prominent and the pepper is just right--not overpowering.  You'll want to start off with the Roti Canai appetizer, which is great--just don't dribble the curry sauce on your tie, 'cause it ain't coming out.  The peanut butter pancake dessert thingie is fun, too.  The Mango Chicken is aromatic and tasty, but I prefer their Rendang to anything else.  I think they do a fine job with the sushi and rolls as well.  I'm looking forward to trying other items here.  If you're not sure about this place, try it.  I think you'll like it.
4	Delicious & unique.  You can't go wrong here.
4	Curry Laksa: Can we say delish? Even I, the Asian guy needs a break from the run of the mill Chinese, Japanese or Thai food. That's where Cuisine Malaya comes in. Malaysia contains a plethora of Asian ethnicities, and each culture's influence can be readily seen in the food. It goes a little something like this: Chinese food has Indian influences, Thai food has Muslim influences, Indian food has Chinese influences and somewhere in that hodgepodge is a little Indonesian and something like that. To the novice, this might seem like just another Asian food joint. To the veteran eater, it's so much more. Now the food might look similar, but I can assure you, it tastes completely different. That's what Malaya is. Many of the dishes looked so familiar to me it made me nostalgic. Once I had a taste though, I had a "WTF" moment, but in a good way.
5	One of the BEST Asian restaurants in Charlotte hands down. I was shocked it was not already on Yelp.They specialize in Malasian Food, but offer a fusion of Japanese (sushi & hibachi), Chinese, and Thai inspired dishes. Honestly I have not tried the Hibachi, but the sushi is among the best, even over sushi specific restaurants!Don't be scared of the term "Malasian", if you are not familiar with it. There is not a single person I have ever taken there that has not loved it, and become a regular patron. Even the "standard" Chinese Restaurant dishes are really good- Kung Pao Chicken or Shrimp, Chow Fun, and fried rice. Try the Roti Telur for an appetizer. It's a savory Curry Broth with potatoes (don't think of Indian Curry), it's mild and I think it tastes similar to Thai Massaman curry. Comes with homemade bread pancakes for dipping. Also the Beef Satay is very good.The wait staff is usually very helpful to new customers that are not familiar with the dishes.They do a great Lunch Menu and are very fast with service.Located next to CPCC campus downtown, this place is a must try!
5	Great place for authentic south east Asian cuisine. Malay, Indo, Chinese. I have been here once before and really enjoyed the food. Having spent time in Indonesia it is hard to find true authentic food from there. This is the only place in Charlotte for the real deal. If Ian is in, ask for him to help you make your food selection. There is much that isn't on the menu. Ian is the bartender an server. He is Malay and speaks excellent English and has an amazing amount of knowledge about the culture and food influences throughout the SE Asian peninsula. Ian hooked us up last night with some outstanding Malay dishes. We had sea bass that was lightly battered with a mouth watering curry with eggplant, green beans, okra, and onions. The spices in this dish blended perfectly well and I began to understand some of the differences between Indonesian and Malay cuisine that Ian had tried to explain. We also had the beef rendang, that was tender and fragrant. This is slow cooked beef in coconut milk and spices. We topped off our meal with a Asian style flat pancake folded over some ground  peanuts and palm sugar that was grilled in a pan to blend the flavors and served with vanilla ice cream.  The only thing that could have enhanced this dish might be a drizzle of chocolate sauce. Yum!We look forward to returning and having Ian take care of us again.
5	One of the best Spicy Tuna rolls in town. LOVE the hot and Sour soup and they are always so nice in there! My fiance is not impressed with the Chinese food on the menu but the rest makes up for it. Plus, they deliver :)
5	Loved, loved, loved Cuisine Malaya. In fact, I immediately wanted to rush home and lose my Yelp virginity after eating here! When you first walk in, it looks like your run of the mill Asian style restaurant. Don't let that fool you. There is magic in the food and service! Orchids hang in boxes on the wall, there is a bar to sit at where the sushi chef rolls his art, and pop music plays on the speakers.  Once seated, we were almost immediately welcomed by our server Ian. Ladies and gentlemen, if you can request Ian upon arriving, DO IT! He is Malaysian and gives you a rundown of all of the cultures that contribute to Malay cuisine. This gives you an idea of some of the items that you would like to try. He also brought a sample of curry to gauge our tastes. After the sample, we practically put our faith in his hands and let him suggest whatever. My friend and I decided to go with the beef rendang (which is so good it will make you scream BOOYAH!) and  the basil duck. The basil duck was off the menu. It came with stir-fry style veggies and the duck on the side. Warning! This dish may make you moan like Homer Simpson. The duck is that good. We also tried a few imported beers, thanks to our oh-so-helpful Ian. I would suggest this restaurant to anyone looking for different flavors. I had a really great experience and look forward to more!
5	Cuisine Malaya is probably one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. It is also a really good place to go with large groups because they have plenty of space, there is never a wait, and they can accommodate very large groups at one table. Also, the last 2 birthday celebrations we had there with large friend groups, we called in advance to make the reservation and let them know it was a birthday party, and they put up decorations in our area that we were seated at! That was definitely exemplary service.  They also let us bring our own birthday cake and kept it in the fridge in the back and then cut and served it for us after blowing out the candles.  Now on to the food.  The food is always so good.  They are also very large portions, so definitely can share one dish between 2 people.  The roti tellur appetizer is amazing and a must to order if you have never had it.  I also really like the kung pao tofu - the tofu has the perfect texture and crispness.  You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu - everything I have had has been great!
4	I was introduced to Cuisine Malaya by a good friend, and it rapidly became my favorite spot for Asian dining,Artistically prepared dishes, excellent service (especially Cassie!) and a real dedication to flavor and texture make this a 'don't miss' experience.
5	YUMMM...This place has delicious food and good service.  My favs are the Curry Lakhsa, Mee Goreng, and Tom Yum soup.  It's gotten to the point where my addiction is obvious.  I literally eat here once a week now and if I don't they get worried about me.  The other great thing is that if you want to change up your order (like add more veggies to the sesame tofu, also delicious) no problem!
4	Yummy - again just one of those places i've driven by a thousand times.. just took some good yelp reviews to get me to stop on in.  Let's start with the service - superb our waiter Ian knows everything and anything on the menu...I highly recommend you listen to his suggestions.Ian brought us a taste of the curry which was good - it wasn't quite Thai but also wasn't quite Indian it was a nice mix.  Then he brought me every type of noodle in house so I could pick a noodle dish.The menu here is huge and it can be hard to make a decision - so try a little bit of everything like I did.  Did I mention they also serve sushi and it's awesome.  I'm glad I finally gave this place a try...I'll be stopping by quite a bit.
5	Excellent Service and Fresh Foods ! . Upon, reading the yelpers reviews hubby and I decided to try Cuisine Malaya . We had a wonderful server,  Ian,  he guided us through the delicious meal.  His suggestions were great !  Excellent Place ! !Delicious ! !
4	First trip here was on Sunday and I was thinking to myself how have I never been here especially when I worked up the street for a little while! I had a huge craving for asian maybe some sushi andit seemed like I was just not going to get it when I looked on my Yelp Application to figure what would be open to fill my craving a up came Cuisine Malaya!We came in and were sat right away we started with the Shrimp Shumai which was ok but had a fishy taste to them but then went away it was weird...I had a Shrimp Tempura roll that I added Avocado to and it was perfect just what I was looking for! I also had the a Stir fry with a noodle and I cant remember what its called but they were delicious! I can't wait to go back and get that dish again!
4	I used to order from this place at least once a week when I had my project in Charlotte. The delivery guy knew my name and was always friendly with me. But, let's talk about the food. I usually got the curry laksa with chicken and salmon roll. The salmon roll is above average, usually has that fresh salmon taste to it, but it's not that large. The curry laksa is really great if you look that soupy curry. It comes with really tender chicken and is quite a mouth full to finish. I would recommend against the beef, which is also tender but chewy at the same time and the shrimp, which ends up being mostly tempura, but soggy because it was in the curry laksa broth. Best bet is chicken - it's soft and delicious.The other dish which I would highly recommend is the Garlic Chicken. It doesn't sound like anything special, but I got this for lunch one time and was absolutely blown away. Perfect balance of spice, freshness, and a bit of sweetness.A good place for lunch - good atmosphere and incredibly crowded for how big the space is.
5	I cannot get enough of this place. Food: Fresh, Delicious, DiverseAtmosphere: Comfortable, Classy but Casual, Well-OrganizedService: Amazing, Friendly, QuickMy boyfriend, roommates, and I come to Malaya almost once a week. The menu is not overpriced, the staff is beyond friendly and recognizes regulars, the food is spectacular, and you can't beat the atmosphere. The sushi is always fresh, warm, and has that special something to each roll. I turned a sushi-hating friend into a sushi-craving friend simply by taking her to Malaya and letting her pick the first sushi roll she spotted. The meals always come quick, the portions are generous (I need a to-go box every time,) and the menu is diverse enough to satisfy everyone at the table. The Miso Soup is the best I've ever had. The house Plum Wine is delicious, that perfect balance of sweetness and tang, we can rarely get away without taking a bottle home. The tables are set far enough apart that you have complete privacy during your meal, but there is more than enough seating to accommodate a huge crowd. The staff is ridiculously friendly, promt, and thorough. One of my absolute favorite restaurants in Charlotte. Hands down.
3	I tried this place out Tuesday night with a fellow yelper friend after a trip to the Mint Museum on Randolph and wasn't as impressed as some of the other reviewers I see for Cuisine Malaya.   The menu is extensive though a strange combination of Chinese, Japanese, Thai, Indian and maybe more...but I guess it's a little of something for everyone.We started with Vegetable Tempura that had onions, mushrooms, and zucchini (minus broccoli since he doesn't prefer it).  It was okay, not the best I've ever had, but not the worst either.I ordered the Curry Chicken and it was good.  Not too spicy, maybe could've had a tad more spice.  Chicken was tender and well flavored and veggies were cooked through but not soggy.  The flavor was good, but I have had better curry dishes elsewhere. He ordered the Basil Beef.  They delivered Chicken (not sure if it was Basil Chicken but it was spicy!).  So we tasted the chicken first before they took it back to exchange it for the correct dish which was on it's way.  Both were good - the beef was tender and flavorful and the veggies in both dishes looked good.Our glasses stayed full and the waitress was friendly enough and very helpful even though she'd only been with the restaurant for three months, so that was a plus.I might try Cuisine Malaya again and give them another chance if I was in the area, but I wouldn't make a special trip.
3	food here is ok.menu has various dishes from different asian country.duck spring roll is not good. it only has two little thin slices of duck meat.beef skewer is okIndian pancake with stuffing is quite goodwe ordered also one Malaysian beef dish which is really good. sauce is perfect and meat is very soft.Noodle that we ordered is a bit dry.service is good.when you go there best to go a bit early for dinner because later at night the parking lot is packed from people going to the dance club next door.
4	I have eaten here several times now and generally go with the sushi. The descriptions arent online or on their take-out menu but you can request a special menu that has them listed (and specials pictured) so you can get a better idea of what you might like there.I've had 4 or 5 rolls and havent found one that I am head over heels with yet but they are all consistently pretty good. What's important is that they are inexpensive (no rolls over $10 unless its a special) and the fish is fresh! The staff is polite and the service is quick...plus delivery is free after 5pm and only $1.50 - so you really can't beat that. One thing I would like is low sodium soy sauce which I ask for but they have never given it to me...or told me they were out which is odd.
4	I am not a fan of sushi, but saw that there was ample non sushi on the menu. They were great, and sushi positive family members were pleased. The service was great, though it helped that my blond 25 year old son was there flashing his surfer charm. (Your results may vary). I redeemed a yelp certificate there for a free glass of wine. The decor was light and pleasant. We were visiting a sick family member in the nearby hospital, so I cannot honestly say I hope to go again, but would if I found myself nearby.
2	When you eat the real deal I guess you're a lot tougher.  I had laksa there.  VERY ho-hum and way way way too large.  No reasonable person can eat a huge soup like that and since when is laksa supposed to be that soupy?  And....unfortunately....it tasted...well....prepackaged.  Their other Asian cuisine isn't bad.  I guess for Charlotte it's a bit of an adventure but I found it rather generic.
5	I LOVE this place. I was introduced here by family as my birthday lunch and that was a treat in itself. Have someone take you out and it ends up being somewhere good? I got the sushi my first visit, and everything was picture perfect. Now, I frequent here when I've got a craving for good food!
5	A great restaurant has gotten noticeably better. New menu items, better service ... highest recommendation.'Like' them on Facebook for monthly specials and new menu items.http://www.facebook.com/pages/Cuisine-Malaya-Charlotte-NC/114136848615450I can HIGHLY recommend the Kung Pao Squid appetizer. Delightful and surprising.
4	Cuisine Malaya offers a great lunch menu.  My first experience was very good.  The Roti with curry sauce was very flavorful.   The Malaysian fried rice with chicken was very good.   It was prepared with a little spice...but I added some wonderful roasted chili pepper sauce to bring it up a little.  simply wonderful.  The service was good and delivery was quick.  No waiting!  Parking was very adequate on both sides of the restaurant.  I will be returning to try other Indo-Asian dishes!!!!
4	The food was excellent during this trip to the restaurant.  This was a Sunday evening with just a small number of patrons (unlike a typical Saturday night!).  I especially enjoyed the Popiahs (appetizer), Vegetable Pad Thai, and fried bananas (the ice cream came after).  My tummy is looking forward to trying many other items on the extensive menu.  The best part of this dinner was the free glass of wine I received, courtesy of my Yelp check-in!  It was just what I needed.  A bottle of wine is minimal at $18-24; a bargain compared to the mark-ups at other restaurants in Charlotte.  Let me add that athough our server was very friendly, she was not well informed and could explain details of menu items without going back to the kitchen.
5	I've always liked this restaurant a lot for it's food but with a new GM Ian Kee I am at the "rave" level. He's got some very interesting wines of which he's anxious to share tastes. Throw the men aside and discuss with him your likes and dislikes and he'll guide you to the right dishes.The chef is very flexible and can tailor Chinese Malaysian dishes to your taste.Beef Rendang is great but the General Tso's  Red Snapper wasn't on the menu but it was great.Of course the Roti Canai is really excellent and authentic.
5	The recent chef that changed at this restaurant made it for me and my family. This is one of the regular restaurants that we come to now because of this very reason. A couple of years they had a chef that was horrible, my parents didn't approve of his way of preparing dishes and it was just sloppily done. Doing business with this restaurant has recently created ties with my parents and now well, they have the family going here every week if possible. Off menu items are a constant thing every week. Delicious steamed fish, sting ray, every week when my parents have the chance they ask what's special to the chef and he blows us away every time.Inside, the ambiance is a nice laid back sushi bar with several big screen tv's and if you walk around to the left side there's a grill for hibachi. Everyone is friendly, and the service is pretty good. But honestly, what gets me is the food. The flavor is good, it's not too oily and they don't put too much MSG as some restaurants do. Until they change a chef (which our family hopes they don't) this will be one of the restaurants where we will eat out at, and we don't eat out often. Come here, enjoy your time, order anything off the menu and you'll be surprised and ask for some more.
4	For a while I never understood why people raved about Cuisine Malaya. My sushi was always okay, the hibachi was standard, my service was mediocre on most days, and I just couldn't get over a 2.5/3 star experience. Then one day I decided I didn't need sushi, I was going to try a lunch special... and then angels started to sing.Little did I know it was just the beginning of an enlightening journey into the rest of the menu (which they now have a supplement to with wine pairings, more veg options, and better descriptions). The mango chicken lunch special was awesome - but my sa cha chicken dinner on a return visit was even better, and the bite of the triple charm special definitely put up there on my "to order next" list. On our last trip we started with the malay lobak and it's a tasty table pleaser with its combo pork, tofu, and shrimp options. I have a tendency to almost always order the ginger house salad, forgetting that the dressing has a slight bitterness to it that isn't my favorite... it's completely edible, though.The service is still wonky. If my server doesn't forget an item they forget about our table, and on the last trip we had a new girl who couldn't answer very many of our questions about the menu.  But, with my improved view of their food, I'll take a few missteps in the service part, and overall they've been efficient when I've needed to get in and out during a lunch hour. I might go back to the sushi at some point, but for now I think there are too many other delish things to order.
4	This is one of my "go-to" places when I'm in Charlotte. I've always had a pleasant experience except the last time I went. They burned my roti canai (the roti) and by the time they replaced it, everyone else at my table already got their main meals. The waitress was not friendly at all and seemed to have an attitude when I told her my food was burned. All in all b/c of that one experience I take down a star but the food is always good.Try the Kung Pao chicken or tofu!
3	I have been here a few times, and it feels like sometimes it's a hit, while other times it's a total miss.  I do recommend to try their appetizer of the Roti Canai.  Very delicious.  I feel that many times that I've gone there, I tend to like their appetizers more than the entrees.The service was not that great to me.  I waited a while after I sat down until a waiter came to my table.  I was a waiter before and understand if it's busy and everyone had a task to do, but I saw many servers walking around leisurely as if they didn't have a task.  I felt like they could have had better service.  I think the only reason for me to go back to this place is because of the Roti Canai.
4	This place is amazing! They have the best Roti Canai! I am not much of a sushi fan, especially since I'm allergic to fish (oh fish!) but my boyfriend, who is a total sushi lover loved their ngiris and sashimis. For the main course, he ordered the Mee Goreng (Indian style egg noodles) and I had the Char Kway Teow (Malaysian pan fried noodles). I liked his noodles more than mine (as always) and he offered to swap. The Mee Goreng hit the spot because of the curry taste which is typical of Indian street-side Chinese food. They also have some very nice beers. At the very end, the owner came by our table and had a word with us too. I would definitely recommend this place if you happen to be in the Charlotte uptown area.
4	Consistently very good, in my regular lunch rotation, never had a bad meal here although the service can be a little hit or miss sometimes.  The sushi is very good and the sushi chef is great.
4	I really enjoyed my dinner here tonight. Pleasantly surprised. For starters, I highly recommend the crispy wrapped shrimp for appetizers. I don't think the description does this dish justice. The wrapper is lightly fried, and the shrimp tastes more like Asian fish cakes . . . and I mean that in a good way. It was garnished with yummy fried tofu. If you like chow fun, you will like the char kway teow. And for something "different" and I am assuming authentically Malaysian, the curry laksa . . .  a mix of thin rice vermacelli noodles and thick egg noodles in mildly seasoned coconut curry soup.
3	I used to get takeout from here like every week when I had class at CPCC. Caveat:  I have only been to like two Malaysian restaurants in my life, so I'm certainly not an expert, but they had some very tasty dishes.  I have fond memories of the popiah.  It's addictive, and why I kept going back.   I also have love for the roti, sushi rollls and cute little pickled carrots.  As someone said below, the appetizers seem to be the star of the menu.Don't get the pad thai! It's not nearly so nuanced as it should be.  All I remember is a flat soy flavor.
4	I have parked in Cuisine Malaya's lot multiple time when going to shows at the double door and always wondered how the food there was. Then an acquaintance suggested I try it.... so on Valentine's Day craving some sushi but not feeling like dealing with the masses of sweet heart dinners,  Cuisine Malaya fit the bill!We called ahead for a table but realized that was an unnecessary step once we arrived.  Our waitress was friendly and attentive.  My partner in crime and I shared some edamame which came out within minutes or ordering and the vegetable lettuce wraps which were surprisingly sweet.  We each enjoyed some very hot miso soup that hit the spot and then a few rolls of sushi. My mate got a spicy tuna roll. Being vegan I got a vegetable roll and a cucumber and avocado roll, which were delicious, even my meat eating partner agreed that the vegetable roll was the best.All in all it was a hit!  This will now be a go to for me when I am craving a sushi fix.  I even grabbed a menu on my way out and may even out take out for dinner tonight!
3	I had high hopes for Cuisine Malaya since it has a great rating and had been recommended by 2 separate friends but my experience was not beyond adequate. We stopped in about an hour before close on a Saturday night and the place was surprisingly empty. True it's a large space, but still.We started off with soup and both my Tom Yum and the BF's Hot and Sour were great. Unlike some other Tom Yums you certainly had no trouble finding the chicken and veggies. I ordered the Beef Randang extra spicy (beyond what the little pepper beside it on the menu was already supposed to indicate). What I got was certainly beef. I can't really speak to its randang-ness since I am no expert. I felt like it could have used a vegetable or 10 to break up the beef chunks covered in thick sauce. None were mentioned but they weren't mentioned in the BF's Chicken Basil either and it was teeming with them. What my dish most assuredly was not was spicy. At all.Our waiter, who was very pleasant, brought me additional ground chili but even they had no zip in them. No veggies and no spice made the meal sort of a downer for me. I'm sure they make other dishes I would like, but there are too many other good Asian fusion places in CLT for me to pencil in a return visit to Cuisine Malaya.
4	I've only really had the sushi here but it's great! Their prices are affordable and the service was as expected. I will tell you that the BEST thing about Cuisine Malaya is the fact that they deliver to the Uptown area! The only other sushi joints to do that (especially on a Sunday when I NEED sushi most) is KO, which is a tad different and pricier. If you don't hang out in the Elizabeth area, you might overlook Cuisine Malaya, but it is a great place to go for inexpensive sushi that won't disappoint.
2	I came here for lunch and had the okra dish with chicken. There was something really odd about it - like they used dirty oil or a dirty pan for the stir-fry. I was quite disappointed. The bathroom was also a bit dirty. I think for great Malaysian food in the US you have to go to the DC area or California.
4	Delicious sushi. Unexpected favorite of the night was a peanut pancake dessert. Yum!
4	Really good and diverse menu. Would go more frequently if I lived closer.
4	I dined here as part of a group recently.  Overall, we had an excellent experience.  First, with arrangements having been made beforehand (as you should with a group), they were most accommodating! The service simply couldn't have been any better for our group!  Ian, the Manager, personally made sure that everything was taken care of for us.Those in our group tried quite a variety of things from the menus.  So first, about the menu... they are very extensive and include dishes from several areas that geographically surround Malaysia.  They have everything from Japanese Sushi, to Indian curries, to multiple Chinese favorites.  They even have some Malaysian specialties on the menu too!  ; )  Some of the dishes that seemed to stand out for our group included the Malaysian Sea Bass and another Malaysian dish made with Stingray (or Skate).  I had the Curry Duck and thought it was quite good! I think that everyone in our group enjoyed the dishes they ordered, and that (for me) is quite a statement!The location is great for dining before or after downtown activities or sporting events and there is adequate parking on both sides of the building.I don't have much to recommend for improvement, except that it may be time to organize the menus a bit.  There is more than one version and they differ.  But then, whatever you find on the one you have, will most likely be good anyway...
4	Wow. What a gem. Coworker took us here for lunch today and loved it.  We had the hot and sour seafood soup which was incredibly flavorful and delicious.  The complimentary salad with ginger dressing was just ok, but the entrees were lovely. The lunch menu is incredibly affordable. I got the black pepper scallop lunch entree with fried rice.  It was so freakin' good.i can't wait to go back.  Seeing that they have skate on the menu really excited me.
4	The menu here goes from Indian to Hibachi to Asian to sushi, way too many choices for someone like me........very indecisive.  I don't think there is anything on the menu that isn't good but what keeps me coming back is the Roti Canai with the potato curry dipping sauce........crispy chewy goodness that can only be made better if they double the serving size.....I can definitely make a meal off of the roti..... seriously good stuff.  Oh, I almost forgot about the Malaysian fried rice and the curry laksa....they're good too but I'll take roti all day everyday.
5	Try the Stingray! So delicious. Great service too.
4	I love this place. Everything I've had was delicious!I still vividly remember my first visit here, when Ian, the now-manager was our waiter. That was an awesome night. We ate so.much.sushi.I adore that they offer sushi & cooked options so it's a great place to go with folks who (for whatever reason) don't eat sushi when you are madly craving it. They also keep Tamari soy sauce on hand for those who are gluten-free!They have always been super accommodating with my allergies - I was even made special rolls based on what I wasn't allergic to. This sushi addict was deeply grateful!
5	I've checked in here 7 times as of this writing, so I guess I owe them a review.  The sushi is as good as it gets here, and I've never had a bad or even mediocre experience.  I've been here many more times than my 7 check-ins, and this is my go-to place for service and good food.  There is parking front and back, and I've never had a problem finding a spot.  They usually have a free beer or glass of wine special if you check in on yelp, just show your phone to the waiter or waitress.
4	Malaya had a lovely selection of vegetarian dishes from multiple cultures.  I stayed close to Malaysian cuisine with steamed Vegetable Potiah appetizer and Tofu Sambal.  My mouth celebrated the rich flavors and varied textures of the dishes.  It's worth more time to further explore their menu.
4	Delicious, good service, one of our favorites places to eat.Highly recommend the sesame tofu - it is some of the best tofu I've ever had at a restaurant.
4	The variety and options at Cuisine Malaya are pretty amazing and it also seems to be the most vegetarian friendly (of non strictly vegetarian restaurants) i've been to in Charlotte. The chicken curry was good and roti canai is always a winner. Probably my favorite thing I've had there so far is the basil duck.
3	Best word to describe Cuisine Malaya: decent.I've never ordered anything I disliked, but I've never ordered anything that I truly loved either. The menu is huge, and maybe that's why? Nothing is specialized?The vegetarian selection is good, but no dish on the menu ever screams "Order me! I sound delicious!" My best friend loves this place, but she eats meat so maybe it's a carnivore thing?Crispy Sesame Tofu is good, but definitely NOT crispy. Ha! One thing I have to give C.Malaya props for is that they deliver to my neighborhood! I live in Grier Heights and NO ONE will deliver here ever, except for these guys. Which is why they will probably always hold a steady 3 stars in my book.
2	I'd like to eat there again, because they had SO many choices, and I want to try their sushi. I got the ginger lunch, which was good, but not as good or flavorful as it could be. It was just kinda meh. But the service was fast, which was nice, and they did a good job of keeping up with refilling our glasses. I'd go again, and next time I might order something with either more spice or a different kind of cuisine all together.
5	This is where to go when you have one of those impossible to please everyone groups. Combining aspects of Malaysian, Japanese, Chinese, India, and Singaporean cuisine, if you and everyone that you are with are unable to find at least 10 irresistible menu items, then there are greater problems at play here.The menu (which is actually a spiral bound BOOK) is filled with appetizing rice, noodles, curries, grilled meats, and sushi items. Depending on the extent of your culinary adventures, some items may be more familiar to you (teriyaki chicken, kung pao chicken, spring rolls) while others are likely to have your tongue twisted (Char Kway Teow, Nasi Nanas). However, regardless of its name, what ever you order will be delicious, plentiful, and addicting.  I've personally grown very fond of the Char Kway Teow, which is similar to Thai pad see eu (you know what I'm talking about with those wide chewy rice noodles). Unless I haven't eaten all day, one order of this will stuff me into a coma while have HALF left over for tomorrow. No joke. Portions are ridiculous for the price and sure to fill. I can also recommend for an appetizer the satay tofu, which are fried tofu triangles stuffed (yes, stuffed) with peanut butter, cucumber, and bean spouts. Their soups are also fantastic.All the while, the servers providing you this abundant food are friendly, jovial, and even bordering on the down-right bad-ass. There is an older gentleman in particular (who usually drives for delivery) that reminds me of a really cool funny grandpa. He makes me want to order delivery just to hang out a little.In all, my only complaint (if it can be called this) is that the portions are almost too big. I love sampling a lot of different things (particularly considering the range of options that they have), but this practice is simply not sustainable without a critical mass of mouths to share with. Hmmm, perhaps I need to make some more food friends...
1	This was absolutely terrible.  It was so highly reviewed, but absolutely terrible.  Not that we ate the food, because we never had a chance.  We were seated immediately in an area with another table that was served by our server.  There were only two tables taken in the restaurant and our server took 10+ minutes to bring us drinks.  Still waiting on our drinks, our appetizer came out with no silverware, no plates, still no drinks.  Our server came by (we had already asked him about the drinks once).  Shortly thereafter, he brought the drinks, still no plates and no silverware.  We waited a few more minutes and he brought out our salads.  Still no plates and no silverware.  When we asked again about the plates, he laughed as though we had made some strange request.  We continued to wait - no chopsticks, no silverware, no plates - after it became too ridiculous to handle we got up and walked out  It's the only place that we've ever done that before - and we have had some terrible service.  The food that we stared at looked terrible - in hindsight I'm glad that we had no utensils.  If you have an hour to kill, are looking for terrible service, aren't in a rush, and want to order some food that looks disgusting you may want to check it out; otherwise, stay away!
1	The food ain't bad.  But their predatory towing practices are.I parked in front of a sign that said customer parking only.  I was a customer, and my car got towed.The owners of the business say its not their problem, its the owner of the parking lot.  The owner of the parking lot says its not his problem either.So, my $30 meal just got a $120 tax added on to it.
2	I'm really confused about the positive reviews of this place. The wait staff was nice - that's the only reason I gave then two stars instead of one. We should have known to skip this place when we saw the cheesy plastic sign and neon logo, but we decided to give it a chance. Our waitress asked if we wanted to sit somewhere quiet or not (which was considerate), but when we said we'd like a quiet spot, we ended up gitting a table right next to some annoying doorbell thing that gave three loud beeps every time someone walked into or out of the door, so we asked to be moved. We were also given lunch instead of dinner menus, so we had to ask for the right menus. When we finally ordered and got our food, the quantity and price looked okay, but the quality was seriously lacking. The duck in the duck spring roll seemed to be prepared well, but there were none of the other subtle ingredients and flavors that one would expect - no rice noodles, carrots, mint, basil, ect. - just iceberg lettuce and cucumber! And the dipping sauce was overly thick, way too sweet and tasted like something that came out of a jar. The wonton soup broth was bland and oily, and the wontons were okay but tasted like something I could get out of a box from the frozen section of a store. The pineapple fried rice was okay, but didn't have as much chicken or pineapple as we would have expected, the chicken was a bit dry and again - none of the subtle flavors that we're used to in this dish that make it so tasty - cilantro, raisins, cashews, ect. The beef rendeng was terrible - a pile of beef bits in a disgusting looking sauce with a side of unseasoned brocoli and cold canned pineapple. The sauce actually had a decent flavor, but it looked so unappetizing and the beef was so dry that I sent it back. The waiter took the amount of the bill, so we were grateful for that.
5	I eat here about once every other week. Their Tom Yum soup and hot and sour soup are delicious. The favorite starter is steamed popiah and my favorite sushi roll is the spicy scallop roll (ask them too add masago).  Their curry duck is my favorite entree, but the basil duck is good, as well. This place never skimps on the veggies. They are always fresh and in interesting combinations. For example, the curry duck comes with steamed okra in the curry sauce. If you are a regular or a first time visitor they'll treat you like royalty. I recommend sitting at the sushi bar, as their chef is friendly and informative.Beware: their online menu is missing several items that are in the dine in menu.
5	Always enjoy my time here. As I'm a fan of soups, they really provide great options....
4	Very impressed. First time at Cuisine Malaya even though it's been around for ages. Server Lee did a great job. Chicken curry very good - lots of vegetables and lots of flavor. My son enjoyed the orange chicken. I'll definitely be back.
1	I ordered take out of Tom Yum soup and Chilli Chicken, what a disappointment. None of these tasted good, Tom Yum soup was kinda disgusting.
4	You must try the roti canai appetizer!
4	I had been meaning to check out Cuisine Malaya for some time and was happy to finally check it out for lunch. Though I love Malaysian cuisine for it's mix of great curry dishes and noodles, I went with sushi here. Not exactly sure why, but I was rather satisfied with the selection. We started with the roti telur which is one of our favorite Malaysian dishes. Theirs was a little more spicy than others we've had, and the curry was housed the typical potatoes swimming in a delicious curry sauce. The pancake was great and cut into larger pieces than usual. As always, eating this with chopsticks is the way to go!I ended up ordering a specialty sushi roll -- spicy tuna, avocado on top, a spicy mayo, and veggies. It was pretty standard and exactly what I expected. Nothing out of the ordinary. It was filling, but we all know the problem with sushi....Give yourself 30 minutes and you're hungry again! Blast! I should have ordered more to go! Service was a little sluggish and our food was brought out in oddly spaced waves. Not a deal-breaker, but it was a little inconvenient. I can't wait to go back and try one of the chef's specialties. I love the feel of this place as it is rather open with plenty of seating. A drawback is the odd placement and parking. There are like....4 entrances and only one of them is unlocked/functional as an entrance. Kind of weird, but who cares. Very much looking forward to my next visit.
4	Originally had planned to eat at Deejai, but we were hungry and didn't feel like waiting. I had heard about Cuisine Malaya but always was hesitant to try it. For some reason my expectations were pretty low (location maybe?) but I figured since the reviews weren't bad, I would give it a try. I was pleasantly surprised.Service was good and prompt. I ordered the curry duck. It was delicious. The vegetables that the duck came in were nice and fresh tasting and not soggy, despite the fact that the curry came in a bit of a soupy broth. My date had one of the noodle dishes with tofu and really enjoyed her meal as well. Her portion was also quite large, and ended up becoming lunch for the next day (bonus). All in all, a good experience and I am looking forward to trying some of the other items on the menu.
1	I have been to this place a few times and enjoyed the flavors. However I was VERY DISAPPOINTED for their lack of "respect" to what a customer orders.  I order my usual the MEE GORENG with TOFU and as I combed through and had a couple of bites I found a strip of chicken.  I lost my appetite and was gravely disappointed by their lack of detail to a vegetarian dish.  This place is black listed for me and I hope to find a better Malaysian place in the Queen City.
5	Absolutely excellent. The mumbo jumbo roll is loaded with fish, deep fried, and absolutely delicious. The sushi chef also sold me on the corona roll, which is yellowtail inside and out topped with slices of jalapeno and lime with a dot a sriracha.  A little understaffed tonight, and even sitting at the bar, the service was under par. The quality of the sushi and the coolness of the sushi chef Robert more than made up for it. Check in specials on yelp as well as foursquare! New favorite restaurant in the neighborhood. I'll be back this weekend.
1	This review is about the FOOD only! I'm in town and without a vehicle so naturally I was looking up some tasty delivery options on yelp, when I came across cuisine malaya, I was elated to see that they delivered.  I got my food fast, both dishes came in very nice containers and I was sure i was in for a real treat! Based on other reviewers I had the steamed Popiah  and the beef Char kway teow..Back to the opening of the containers.... First the steamed popiah, I'll admit I have never had popiah before and they probably would have been better if they were fried.   The popiah consisted of a thick roll stuffed with mostly rice and some other ingredients, it was topped and garnished very nicely, the problem is.... It didn't taste like anything!!!  I'm a firm believer in not eating tasteless food.   The char kway teow was similar in appearance to pad see ewe but again, this dish was tasteless..... I mean I couldn't taste any flavors! How does this even happen?? Did they forget to add flavor to my meal???  I ended up only eating a tiny amount of my food...  It's so sad when you have something that looks delicious, but turns out to be a barrel of bland.....
4	Score 1 for Yelp!  After a failed attempt to eat at a local hotspot I re-check my Yelp bookmarks and voila!  There's Cuisine Malaya, all the way across downtown Charlotte.  I hoof it over about a mile and show up at this basic and simple cafe.  Inside, the space is big and I'm hungry.  All that walking has worked up an appetite and bonus, there's a check-in special for a free glass of wine or beer, woohoo!I order up a bunch of Malaysian items and they all please.  One roti canai, one Malaysian chili shrimp and a peanut pancake for dessert.  All well prepared, tasty, spicy and overall yummy!  Service is really spot on and the price is right.  Cuisine Malaya also serves up Japanese-sushi but I'd stick with the Malaysian.  Cause it was good!   So rock on Cuisine Malaya, you were worth the walk and thanks for the vino...
4	Been here twice recently and was very satisfied by the food. The roti canai is really top notch, and the chow fun is delicious. Lo Mein is also delicious. Their noodles are cooked with a very hot wok, you can tell from the slightly singed flavoring, and that with the sesame flavoring gives the noodles a nutty smoky flavor, which is so hard to find anywhere. i had a curry dish as well (I cant remember the name) which was excellent as well. We have not have a single mediocre dish here yet. Always looking forward to going back here.Update April '13: Had the Dry Chili with Chicken, it was very good. A friend had Beef Rendang which I tried and it was delicious. We also had the Malaysian Lo Mein and it was delicious. I do need to correct my previous post above where I mentioned never having a mediocre dish - I now recall we had ordered Pad Thai once and it was not good, so I would not recommend that one. Everything else we had was good. We have not yet tried many non-Malaysian dishes except for the Pad Thai and Roti - we have stayed mainly with the Malaysian food which has all been good so far.
4	This may be the best Asian cuisine place uptown. A nice dining experience, responsive waiter service, price is mostly between $7.99-10.99. Very flavorful, food comes out pretty fast. The best part is it actually has a nice taste, unlike most Chinese places that all pretty much taste the same. Presentation is also better here. I would suggest this place if you are actually looking for a comfortable dining experience instead of a grab to go take out Chinese lunch in uptown.
4	Stopped in for the Beef Rendang.The place was busy when I arrived which is a good sign.It was very good except the broccoli on top. It was easily removed. I ordered to-go and the person who answered the phone and gave me my order was very friendly. I will return when I am back in Charlotte.
5	I wish I was able to frequent this place more often, because it really is a wonderful restaurant where plenty of Asian cultures and cuisines come together.  The atmosphere is like a typical casual dining restaurant with a bar, great to bring a group of friends or family to.  The Roti Canai is what I mainly come here for - it's hands-down one of my favorite appetizers ever.  And the sushi, don't even get me started.  It's both flavorful and a work of art -- major props to whoever makes it or teaches other employees to do so, because it's incredible what you're able to do.  Shame I can only visit and this place on occasion; each meal I've had here has been nothing short of satisfying.
4	My wife and I went here for dinner on June 1st for the first time. First impressions were not great as around 7pm, the place was almost empty and very quiet, meaning no background music. We were quickly seated and greeted by our server. She was very pleasant and attentive. Shortly after ordering our drinks, background music was turned on and a couple more patrons were seated. We ordered some traditional apps that were popular on this site; the popiah, roti and fried shrimp. We really enjoyed the shrimp but the flat bread and popiah were just ok. For entrees we ordered 2 sushi rolls which were some of the best we have found in Charlotte! The spicy scallop roll was fresh, tasty and terrific. The sushi special, which was something like Mumbo Jumbo roll was even better! We will be back for sushi for sure and also hope to try some of the more traditional entrees. **I like the tip on this site about checking in on Yelp for a free domestic beer or glass of house wine**
5	Love this place. Great sushi. Great service.
5	We are regulars here, we frequent once every week or two weeks - we come for the food. We dine in, we take out and we have delivered. Though, a few times in the last few months, they have said no to deliveries and have offered a discount on take-out to compensate, we don't mind it - we go to pick it up if they are not able to deliver it that day. Service is always friendly and attentive. The location is a good sized restaurant but I have never seen it more than half full on a given night. It does get pretty packed during lunch rush though.I cannot seem to stray away from the Char Kway Teow, I get it with just veggies and egg (the tofu comes fried, which I'm not a fan of anywhere). This dish always hits the spot, always consistent. We have taken friends, both local and visiting, and have ordered a variety of dishes (his favorites: Chili Chicken and Golden Tasty Shrimp). The only dishes we stay away from are the mango/orange dishes after we ordered it once and realized we did not like it that sweet, so I cannot review those but I have enjoyed every other dish we have tried in the three years we have eaten here. We have limited experience with sushi here (mainly due to my inability to NOT order the Char Kway Teow every time).  We have tried the basic rolls (spicy salmon, spicy tuna, and California roll) and those were pretty 'normal'. Nothing negative to say about those. The sushi bar is always manned and looks clean from what we could see.This will always be one of our go to spots, especially when we don't have an answer to "What do you want to eat? I don't know, what do YOU want to eat?"
4	I have been meaning to get here, and being lazy tonight and seeing they delivered I made the call. Having never been I had a few questions and the individual taking my order was extraordinaire! He walked me through a few items and made recommendations, so I went with his choices. I started w/ the steamed popusas and the miso soup, both good. I am a miso fanatic and it wasn't my favorite, but was definitely good. I decided to order the sushi/sashimi platter, fresh fish! Overall, thought it was great and the fact they deliver is a plus!One final note: I was quoted 30-35 minutes, and they were spot on. Love that!
5	Excellents service, bartender recommended a dish that was'nt on the menu (but should be) called Sambal. He even went above & beyond recommended an excellent wine pairing to the dish. Def recommend!
4	In any other major city, I would rate 3 stars, but Cuisine Malaya might be one of the best Asian restaurants in Uptown Charlotte.  There aren't too many choices if you haven't noticed.  If you're hesitant about Malaysian food, it is similar to Thai, but reminds me a little of Vietnamese.  The food is great and the service is attentive.  Can't go wrong here.
4	Roti canai & Kung Pao tufu is my favorite here. Fast service. Never have to wait to be seated.
4	Try it!  I was skeptical upon my first visit, wondering if there would be good sushi at a place that also serves many other Asian cuisines.  Wrong!  We enjoyed our sushi and I've been back for other dishes.  The food and staff are very good.
5	I had the Roti Canai, similar to what I've had.  The pancake was softer not as flakey as it is here but still delicious.  Every place makes it slightly different.  The curry dipping sauce makes this appetizer the bomb.  It has a nice light curry flavor to it.  I highly recommend it.I also ordered the hainese chicken, I believed the chicken is boiled.  They provide three different types of sauces; soy sauce, red peppery sauce and a garlic type sauce. I tried each one with the chicken and it was also very yummy.  Be brave and give it a shot.  I must warn you that the chicken is not deboned so be prepared for a little bit of work.Lunch was so delicious that I decided to return for dinner.
3	Cuisine Malaya can be quite hit or miss from dish to dish. The vegetable tempura I had was pretty greasy and over-cooked. Then I tried Kung-Pow tofu and it was under-cooked and over-sauced. Neither time was so bad as to write it off.Then when a friend of mine and me needed a late supper we went there and got sesame tofu with mixed vegetables and seaweed salad. It was all so very good! I am glad I gave them another try.The place it's self is located very close to the CPCC and is very convenient for those close to uptown Charlotte, as I am. It has a nice atmosphere and bar. They have sake, beer, and liquor. What more could you ask for while you wait for your food?
1	Always make sure to scrutinize a resturant review from a college student.It's more than likely based on the cost of beers rather than food quality. My sushi was warm, food was cold, and the chicken in my stir fry tasted old.
3	I don't remember going to many Malaysian restaurants in the past. So I tried this on my first visit to Elizabeth neighborhood on one rainy night on a Friday. It was worth it! I really liked the roti cani. The roti was cold but the perfect and spicy gravy compensated for that. I would highly recommend everyone to try roti canai, at least one time. This is a nice appetizer.I had a curry flavor from the Chef's Specialties. It was perfect. Very well cooked vegetables in the curry, made me happy. The meal was big for me after I had roti so go with the big appetite. I have to pack the left over but I know it would taste yummy next day. Any spicy food taste delicious next day. That's the fantastic fact about spices. As per my visit to this restaurant, it was favorable. The staff was friendly. Although I wanted to sit on a high tool or a high chair in the bar area but they made me sit at the short chair area in the bar area. That's fine. No harm done.The food made all the difference. The menu looked really great and it was hard for me to decide as everything on it seemed worth trying. I went for a simple (according my gut feeling) and predictable (as one can think) dish which was Curry Flavor. I have become very picky since I become pesceterian. Instead of trying sushi or seafood stuff, I went for pure vegetarian. I can confidently say that many vegetarian folks would like this place. They have few items on the menu for vegetarians.Overall, I like this place.
5	They serve THE BEST roti canai!! MUST EAT!! Highly recommendeddddddddddddddddddddddddd!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	What an eclectic restaurant! They say they're Japanese and  Malaysian, but they also seem to have Thai and Chinese influences on their menu. I had the Curry Laksa, which is an amalgamation of a traditional curry and pho. It's a large bowl of either egg or rice noodles with beef, chicken, shrimp, and vegetables in a flavorful curry and coconut milk broth. My dining companion got the shrimp hibachi, which was delicious as well. A solid choice in an area of the city known for its Asian food.* Be sure to look for the Yelp check-in offer for a free glass of wine or domestic beer. :D *
5	Love this place.  This place served Thai, Malaya and some Vietnamese food here. My favorite for appetizer is the Indian pan cake (roti canai). Service a little slow but the food are great so it makes me forget about services HA. Enjoy!!!
4	I've seen this place million of times since I've been in Charlotte and has never once tried it until a couple of weeks ago! My husband use to go to school by there and told me it was not good so that kind of stop me from trying it although I've heard good reviews from other people. We finally decided to try this place since we wanted a break from Viva Chicken and it was close by. I was amazed! I got a hibachi plate with steak, chicken and veggies. It was super delicious! The meat was cook just perfect with a flavor glaze that is so good.
4	I have been on a Cuisine Malaya kick lately, ever since I realized they deliver to NoDa!!  I have always enjoyed dining here, and then would forget about it for a while and then kick it back into the rotation, lately its just been more so because I have been on a sushi and noodle kick and they provide both.  The other day I was driving home and stopped it around 4 and asked if they had lunch specials still, and was amazed that they do till 5!  So I got a sushi combo where you pick two rolls for I wanna say $7.  The food was ready fast and I was full, can't beat that.  They also have a lot of good appetizers, the chicken lettuce wraps are delicious and enough food for a meal.  The employees are always so nice, the prices are pretty reasonable and the food is good.  That's what keeps me coming back!
5	The best Malaysian food in town, also some great Thai food. The bee fren dang and garlic eggplant are favs and husband dear cannot eat enough of the Roti Telur!! Got to try this one if you like eastern tastes!!
4	Love coming here. Decided to go after passing  by everyday,  I was impressed! The chicken lettuce wraps are delicious! Ive ordered so much sushi from here that I cant name but it is always really good and well made. Popiahs are good! No complaints for this place, I'm a regular here!
1	My boyfriend and I have been coming to this place for a long time. The food was great and the service was great! Everything started to fall apart once the original manager was forced to quit his position. The food quantity and quality started to go down hill. There was hair in my food not once but TWICE every time I order a rice dish. The new owner did not care to apologize and he was offended I even brought it up. The sushi is very plain and not high quality either. As a college student, they forget to discount our meal from time to time but its the food that matters right? Their prices are constantly changing and for the amount of the food it is not reasonable. We will not be coming back at all. There are other places to go that actually care about their customers satisfaction.
4	Pretty cool restaurant located downtown. There are a few different items I'd really recommend. For appetizers, they offer an Indian dish, Roti Canai. Really enjoyed this one surprisingly. For the main course, I'd vote trying Mee Goreng or Curry Laksa. Yep, both have eggs. They're very good overall and fun to share too. Their sushi is just okay but better than average. Just not great, so treat it as an appetizer. Overall, nice place. Great noodles and some good dishes. Nice place for a date. Check it out. Parking is easy. Staff is friendly. Atmosphere
2	not good - food is below average.. I will never go back
3	Roti canal is delicious. The char way teow taste a little burnedAnd Nasi goreng was just okI was expecting my food to be spicy ,I've had great Malaysian food in Atl but this place failed to deliver the spiciness. maybe it's because they didn't ask me if I wanted my food to be spicy and I didn't specify because I assume both items I ordered were spicy by itself ( base from my Atl experiences) I was wrong ! I'm disappointed.
3	Decent for a city like Charlotte, but cannot compare to the Malaysian restaurants on the coasts (or in Asia of course). Had a coupon that offered a free glass of wine for every check-in on Yelp but after we ordered 2, they said it was only one per table. Very stingy that way. What if my group had come as 4 individuals and sat at the bar? We would have got 4 free glasses then. You would expect Asians to be better at math.
5	I was very impressed with the food here. The food taste very fresh and delicious. We ordered shrimp wrap for appetizer (really good), Pad Thai- house Especial and Scallops with sesame. Highly recommended!
3	don't feel like it's a authentic malaysia restaurant...the food is more like chinese.
4	I'm always a fan of Cuisine Malaya!  The food is best at lunch because it's so cheap.  I always get the pan fried noodles... it's good.  Oh, but if you're not in the mood for noodles... the curry fried rice is amazing.
5	I'd just about given up finding really good Asian food in the Charlotte area. When all the Chinese restaurants smell, look, and their food all tastes the exact same and doused in MSG, you get a little discouraged.I got enveloped and brought here in a party of 30+ people, so I have no idea what dishes were ordered, but I do know that service was excellent and the food was all delicious. Hey each dish had a different taste! You could distinguish chicken from pork in one dish from another. It was amazing. It's as if the cooks here don't use the same sauce ingredients over and over. Concept!Sarcasm aside, this place is really great. Most of the dishes tasted very Chinese to me, so I'm not sure it's very Malaysian. Regardless, it was all delicious.I will definitely be back to try the sushi and some of the other dishes.
3	Nothing that memorable. Decent, but impersonal service. Forced 18% tip for 4 or more.  Sushi was alright, menus are somewhat hard to choose from.
2	Pretty awful entrees, sushi wasn't bad and decent service.  The chicken they used in the pad Thai was so horrible I couldn't even eat it.  I finished half my plate and didn't get a to go box
4	I have eaten here several times and haven't had a bad experience. I have a difficult food allergy and the staff is quick to accommodate. The steamed popiahs are excellent and they have unique sushi rolls.
4	A lot of authentic Malaysian dishes.  Very homey feel.   A very good place to take ur friends and family for a non American dinner.
