5	I don't use their lab, but I often buy and rent equipment there. On both counts they are very good. The lens rental service ( they have ZF and CP Zeiss!) is a pretty amazing deal. Service is always competent, kind and professional/
3	I decided to write this review because I do not really like the direction the store started taking recently. It used to be a very good place to buy photo equipment. I will not cover all aspects of buying the equipment here, but I will concentrate on the subject that bothers me.Purchasing a photo equipment is a complicated thing by itself.Price of owning photo equipment includes not only the price tag you will pay at the store, but also, warranties, returns, exchanges and maintenance among other things.Let me concentrate on the lens business photoservice.ca is conducting.Their lens price policy is one of the best around.  They have Price Match button, which guarantees that you will get the best price for the lens which is great. QST at 9.5% is not helping much, you know, but the price before taxes is really good, no questions asked. The problem comes if for whatever reason you decide to return the lens whether it is a tight zoom ring or circumstances had changed for you and you have to return the lens. Their on-line return policy stands the following: Taken from http://photoservice.ca/ENGLISH/return_and_exchange_policy.asp------------------------- OFFICIAL RETURN POLICY FROM WEBSITE --------------------Returns:Returns and exchanges are accepted within fourteen (14) days of purchase.The equipment must be in its original condition, with the manufacturer's packaging and all the included items at the moment of the purchase. Photo Service Lted reserves the right to apply restocking fees of a minimum of 10% if the packaging or any item is damaged or missing.The equipment must be verified and approved by a Photo Service Lted sales representative for the return/exchange to be accepted. -------------------------- END OF ON-LINE SECTION --------------------------------------------This policy is pretty much standard and understandable.Now when you actually purchase the lens on your purchase documentation at the very bottom you may or may not notice a completely different policy---------------------------- PRINTED ON THE PURCHASED DOCUMENTS-----------Aucune exception.Frais de re-intreposage de 5% a 20% sur tous les retours et echanges.(this means - no exception. Cost of returns or exchanges is 5 to 20% for all purchased or exchanged items )---------------------------END-------------------------------------------------------------------------So, when you will be shopping at the store, be very careful if you have any doubt that you may have to return the item. Now why you will be charged 5 or 20%? I tried to figure it out and there are no rules, it's all done at the discretion of the person handling the returns. But one thing I know for sure - even if the item is returned in impeccable condition, not even being taken from the box - first time they will charge you 5%, but if return from your account will happen again - your restocking fee will go up.The way they explained me is that they are loosing money because it's like RENTING this equipment to you. ( They may also mention to you that they are loosing money because you paid with Visa card and it cost them money to do Visa processing, oh-la-la)Overall, I will be looking for on-line purchases for my future purchases.
1	It pains me to write this because I've been a patron for many years buying various odds and bits when I couldn't wait for online orders to ship. But their repair service has repeatedly let me down to the point where I don't think I want to give them any of my business anymore.On the first occasion, they managed to completely lose track of a fairly expensive lens I had left with them to be repaired. They never called me with updates like they kept promising. I was always the one calling them, and having to re-explain my story to people who all gave me different excuses and were more preoccupied with shifting the blame than figuring out where my lens had gone. They seemed to be making time more than looking into it.Thankfully they eventually found it, but the ordeal took a few months. Good thing I had other equipment that could stand in.On the second occasion, my worries began on the day I left the camera with them because three employees were confused as to how the form was filled out, and whether that was the correct form at all, of course blaming someone else in the process. I was glad I hung on to my receipt.I was told they would contact me within about a week with an estimate. After three weeks I was still without news so I called them, and was told off-hand that because of the type of camera, it could easily take four to six weeks. I wasn't happy but it didn't look like I had a choice. Finally after two months with still absolutely no news from them, I called back and explained the situation. Apparently the repairman was waiting to get some additional equipment from me to test the camera. I asked why no one ever contacted me to tell me this. No answer. I asked how long that request had been pending. Apparently since after one week. I asked why I was told 4-6 weeks, and why no one checked my file at that point. He didn't know, and said 4-6 weeks is completely wrong.I'll now be dealing directly with the repairman, as it seems the Photo Service team is incapable of getting their ducks in a row, or of providing a suitable explanation for why things go wrong. Unprofessional and unaccountable are not qualities I want to see in people I let handle expensive photo equipment.Bottom line, if you rely on your equipment for work and need it back in a predictable amount of time - avoid this place. Having broken equipment is difficult enough; if you need the repair experience to not be an additional source of stress and frustration - avoid this place.In fact, probably best getting acquainted with mechanics and repair shops directly and developing your network of people who can stand by what they do.
