5	So tasty! Love that I can make my panini exactly the way I want it-choosing my meats, cheese, bread, veggies and sauce! YUM:)
5	Gili's Paninis are FANTASTIC!  Made to order as good as it gets!  In addition to having a ton of flavor, mine was hot and fresh!  Gili is super friendly too!  You can really taste the quality he puts into his work.
4	Great Panini.  A friend and I do laps around the square and stopped by for lunch on Tuesday.  Two bread choices...then choose your toppings...meats and cheese.  The salty goodness of green olives appealed to me but I wasn't sure it would really work with my sandwich choice.  I was assured it would.  The Panini was done pretty quickly and was really good.  The lemonade was refreshing.  They are very flexible with the ingredient combinations.  It would be nice if they featured a sandwich of the day for when you want to try something different.  Oh, and they take credit cards which always helps.  I would go there again.
1	The lemonade was good. The panini cost $7.50, took 20 minutes (there were all of 4 people ahead of us), and tasted flavorless and dull, a little like what I would expect licking a dusty shelf would taste like. Never again.
1	The sandwich -- mixed meats-- was uninspired and difficult to choke down. If there was a 0 stars, this place would be it. The 1 star is for their good, albeit overpriced, lemonade that smacked of mint.
2	This cart is just a block off where I work, but still, I have only been there a handful of occasions. Although the staff are friendly, the two things I like are their dessert panini and their house made lemonade. The dessert panini is made of nice rich generous serving of nutella, fresh bananas and strawberries and topped with powdered sugar and more chocolate sauce, so needless to say, it's not something I would want everyday even though it is good. Their lemonade is pretty pricey at $2 for a small cup. As for their paninis, well, as previous reviews pointed out, I have my doubts about the ingredients. The meats are out on a display case, at room temperature, so are the cheeses. I would feel more comfortable if those are kept refrigerated. They do have many options for your choice of sauces, but limited sides (tomatoes, onions, green and black olives) compared to other sandwich/panini places. Because they have an 'open concept' cart, it's easy for insects to come and go. I saw a fly flying around my panini as it was being prepared =( At 7.50 for a meat panini, there are many equal/better options out there. They are currently running student special, with a free water/soda with each mean/veggie panini. There is also a Yelp check-in special that offers a free drink with every panini. I have used that to redeem a small lemonade in the past, which makes the meal pretty worth it. But when I went today, I was only offered a choice of water/soda. Since my experiences haven't been the best it does look like I have to look for other alternatives when I am in a hurry for time.
3	Gili, the owner of the cart, wrote me and clarified a couple of issues. I love how Yelp provides a channel for concerns to be voiced to the owner, and together we hope we can make the experience better for others! I learnt from Gili himself that all of the food in the display case is in the refrigerator and is kept at the proper temperature, that makes me feel a lot at ease about the ingredients. It is also great that their open-concept cart lets customers see how their  food is prepared, since most typical food carts have small windows and you cannot watch the food preparation. So this is a great distinction from other food carts. That said it's almost impossible to stop flying insects completely. I am fine with that as long as they don't get onto the ingredients or onto the food. Now that I feel a lot more comfortable I am looking forward to going back to try their paninis again.
