4	Clean and comfortable room. The bed was comfortable, I didn't wake up with a backache at all which is unusual for hotels.
4	No problems at all with this place.  The staff was cheery, helpful and fun.  The room (we got one with a whirlpool) was clean and comfortable.  The building was nice.  No complaints at all.
3	The staff: very nice. Props to Michael for his warm greeting and customer service.The rooms: the carpet is in desperate need of updating. Rooms need floorboards. Other than the icky carpet, I found the furniture, bathroom, and bed to be nice. Our room was right by the elevator so hallway noise was quite annoying. The fitness center: 1 elliptical, 1 treadmill, 1 bike, jammed into a tiny room. Nice enough TV though. Not great channel selections (lots of public access!). Elliptical was nice.The breakfast: was okay. The scrambled eggs looks pretty grey so I avoided. Offered cereal, milk, yogurt, apples, banana, pancakes, sausage, scrambled eggs, hot cinnamon rolls, juice, coffee. I tried their make your own pancake machine (you push a button) for the novelty of it. A decent value, but I would have been happier with a price around $90 rather than the $114 we paid (with taxes).
4	I was here on business and had previously stayed at Sheraton... It was sold out this trip and so my colleagues and I were booked here (they were a little nervous).I actually liked this place better!Pros: Complimentary breakfast, Social hour in the Evening with some Drinks and Apps, Cookies on the front desk in the evening, Check placed under the door on the day of check out (made it so much easier for a 5 am departure!), location was great even if it was outside of MadisonCons: Small exercise room that gets very hot and feels crampedThanks to the staff who were all great!
3	As a frequent business traveller I've stayed at plenty of Holiday Inn Express properties.  While this particular hotel is not the newest (room decor is a bit dated) overall it was a very good stay.One very nice touch was the evening reception with beer, wine, soda and several appetizers - cheese and crackers, chips and salsa and meatballs.  A very nice way to start my evening shortly after my arrival.  I also used the hot tub which is also in a well maintained indoor pool area.  And, of course, the usual Holiday Inn Express breakfast was available at no additional charge.  The breakfast is good, featuring scrambled eggs, bacon, biscuits and gravy along with cereals, fruit, yogurt and more.  In the room itself the bathroom was clean and well maintained with a counter top that was sufficient in size for my morning shave, etc.  The bed was comfortable and the pillows were good - one of the best nights of sleep I've had in some time.  On the down side I did get a whiff of mold when I first turned on the AC.  I either got used to it or it dissapated after having been in operation for a while.  Also, the desk chair did not raise up high enough to make using my laptop comfortable.All in all, a well executed Holiday Inn Express.
1	Two issues: (1) bugs in the room, and (2) inconsistent service.  The first person I spoke with about the bug issue said there was nothing that she could do.  In fixing the bug issue, the manager emphasized how important customer service was to him and that was the reason he offered me a room that had recently been sprayed for bugs.  The second problem is minor: I asked for a drink that I forgot to grab until I was finishing my breakfast.  The guy was literally locking the fridge when I realized I had nothing to drink.  He refused to unlock it because it was exactly 9:30am - company policy.  The guy seemed angry that I asked; I was surprised he said no.  Although I knew I could ask the manager - and he would just give me a drink - it was just too minor a request to seek out a manager.A place does not have good customer service if only a manager can make a decision.  The staff has to be empowered to fix problems and directed to give good customer service.
1	I could not be any more disappointed in this property. We made reservations 3 weeks ahead of time for a weekend in Madison for a football game. We got into town early and tried to check in at noon. They told us our room wasn't ready yet and that it wouldn't be till almost 3:00. Seeing as the game started at 2:30, we asked if we could leave our car in the lot and check in after 10:00 PM when we got back from downtown. We were told by the ladies at the front desk (Jody, I believe)  that it wouldn't be a problem and the reservation is already confirmed. When we returned to the property by taxi around 10:30, we were told that we lost our reservation because we weren't there by 10:00 PM. We explained to them that we tried checking in once already that day and we're told that coming back later wouldn't be an issue. Well it was an issue. A VERY BIG ISSUE! The manager, Justin, left a message on our home phone line at 9:07 asking if we were still coming. The problem here is, we weren't at home to get this message, and they had my cell number as the primary number on the reservation yet opted out of using it. It is now 11:00, we are inebriated and unable to drive and all of the hotels are sold out due to weddings and the football game. They were unable to assist us in finding accommodations and were not willing to shuttle or compensate us on getting to a hotel we found 20 minutes away. I've heard of most hotel chains offering to pay for the room elsewhere, offer a free stay in the future at their property or something to that effect and Justin and his staff offered none of that. At their inflated rate of $189 for a room you would expect that the service would be incredible. WRONG!We travel a lot and have never had a situation like this happen. The disappointment in the way that this location of the IHG treated us and our reservation will not be soon forgotten.
5	Drove up to Madison for a Skillex show and the staff was very attentive and hospitable. They even had an evening social with free drinks and appetizer till 7 pm. Hotel is not the most updated but it's perfect for a one night stay. They were helpful in giving us a recommendation for Union Cab and the rooms were very clean. I would highly recommend staying here!
1	This by far, was my worst experience at a hotel...EVER!  Was told we could not congregate in the lobby at all.  We came as a team for an event and were kicked out of the lobby area and told to go to our rooms and that there was no room for socialization at their hotel.  Highly recommend never staying here if you have a group of any sort.  Terrible service
1	Not impressed. Will never stay here again. Big stains on bedspread . Told afternoon and midnight stay and they said they will let house keeping know. Slept without any blankets as had to work in the morning. Staff didn't compensate or fix the problem.
