2	Let me start off by saying that I was at this bowling alley this past weekend, all day Saturday AND Sunday for my kid's bowling tournament. I must say, it was a hellish experience. I'll start on the outside and work my way in to the bowling alley. This alley is located at the corner of the busy intersection of 59th and Betheny Home Rd. It's in the Food City shopping center, so that should tell you exactly what kind of colorful people are roaming the parking lot. There is very little parking for the bowling alley. It's next to a strip mall with a cell phone and check cashing place. You might feel safer parking far away anyway. There is a security guard located at the front entrance of the bowling alley, making sure you don't smuggle any contraband, AKA real food in. He will stare you down and make you feel guilty, even if you didn't do anything. Inside, there are about 30 lanes. The place is small and the decor is set at circa 1970. It's fairly dim inside. I would have thought that they would have enough chairs there, seeing as they were sponsoring a bowling tournament! But apparently, they didn't get the memo. You had to show up over an hour early just to find a place to rest your weary bones. On the second day, the "chair police" tried to muscle me out of some chairs I was saving for my group. The lanes are fairly oily, if that's what you like. Lane 5 isn't very reliable. I would avoid that lane if possible. The food was standard bowling alley fare; nachos, pretzels, burgers, fries, etc. They serve breakfast, so that's a plus; however you would do better to order lunch at breakfast time. Our orders on both days took 40+ minutes to get to us. There is this creepy looking employee there, hereby known as the Trash Nazi. He paraded up and down the aisles in military form, taking your trash before it was actually trash. He glared at your unused napkins until you surrendered them to his eager, and waiting bucket. We gave him trash just to get him to go away for a while. The food was a decent price, but not worth the wait. The second day, half my party went down to the Food City, ate there, and returned before my food arrived. Oh, and before I forget, take a sweater! The keep it at a frosty 45 degrees in there. Maybe they got confused and thought is was an ice hockey tournament. Needless to say, there was a bowling alley full of cranky bowling tournament spectators, standing in the back, shivering because they got no heat, and no chairs. If you have a choice, go somewhere else.
4	Okay, wow! I'm not sure what happened up there... :0/  I WILL agree that the location isn't spectacular...and the decor is a little outdated, but all in all, we had a good experience. ALL of the employees were nice and accommodating. There was no big, scary security guard (I went on a Tuesday night...and YES, there was league play), and the food lady was quick about bringing our food out to us. Starting right when we walked in, the guy working the counter was quick to tell us about the different specials going, and even set up a bowling ramp, provided lighter kid's bowling balls, AND put up the bumpers for my 5 year-old without me having to ask. The place is pretty big, with AT LEAST 34 lanes (we were 33 and there was at least one more to our right), the snack bar, an adult bar, and an arcade with pool tables. Definitely worth checking out if you want to have a fun day/night out with your friends or family.P.s. GREAT SPECIALS EVERYDAY!! (some better than others)
3	It is a very clean bowling alley. The equipment needs to be updated and the software for the game needs to be updated.  The pins kept getting stuck and had to reset every time.  The employees were nice and friendly.
4	I was here last night and I had a really nice time.  The gentleman at the counter told us that if we waited a few minutes, we could get their unlimited bowling until 11pm deal.  It was $10 for unlimited games & $3.95 for shoe rental.  We wandered over to the bar to wait and had a couple beers and fries from a really nice bartender.  They were playing a movie in the bar so we ended up staying in there a little longer than we expected.  It was a good movie!When we went down to bowl, it was your standard glowing bowling experience and it wasn't packed. I really enjoyed my date because it was low key, people were polite, and it was cheap.  No complaints.  All-in-all, a fun night!
1	If I could give this place zero stars, I would. We called at around noon and asked about specials....we called back at 6:30 to reserve a lane and we were told something totally different for specials. We were then told (by someone else) that the original price would be honored and that our name was in the book for a reservation at 8. We arrived at 8:05 (the neighborhood is scary...just an FYI) and the assistant manager was not helpful and rather rude. When we said that we had a reservation for 8, he "checked his book" and said that there was no reservation. We explained the situation and showed him when we had called (on our phone). He said that there were only 2 people on the floor at the time that we called but none of them talked to us (how is that possible...your business number...hmmmm) and that since we didn't remember who we talked to, he would not honor the deal. Awesome...we had three kids who were looking forward to bowling. Ok, fine...we were irritated and it was obvious that this guy was not going to be helpful....so, we asked about the best deal that he could give us. $2/per person/per game (7 people) +$3.50 /person for shoes...ouch! That was WAY more than the deal that we had originally been told ($45/party of 6--including shoes---2 hours of bowling). However, he continued to have an attitude with us and he had NO customer service. We decided to leave (the place was pretty dead on a Friday night at 8pm)...and we headed to AMF. We spent more to bowl there, but it was clean, great service and it was busy (FUN!!!). The kids had a great time and we were SOOOOOOO glad that we walked out of GlenFair Lanes. I recommend that you walk away too.
5	I love this place. It is really cheap and very nice inside and fun! There are always coupons and specials.
