1	Can I rate them 0 stars? I took my car in for a oil change to this location in June as it was close to my destination. It was $30 for a oil change and car wash. I thought O.K. sounds like a deal to me. Listen to the deal I got...It took them quite a while considering nobody else was there but one other person. I kept looking to see what was taking so long, but it was hard to see my car next to the other one. Finally after about 45 minutes they came to get me and everything was good to go. I paid and thought about getting my car wash, but it was going to rain, so I decided to hang on to it for a week. Driving away I started to hear a grinding noise under my car...I slowly drove on and it got louder and louder, so loud I had to pull over into the American T.V. parking lot.  I got out to see the whole bottom covering of my car was only hanging on by a bolt. I called the service center and told them what happened and that they must have not put it back on correctly. Well, when they came to get me, the guy explained to me that while they were servicing my car, the bolts had broken and they had ZIP TIED the bottom of my car on! I FREAKED OUT! I heard not one peep about it, they never said a word to me at the service center. The guy claimed, "Well, we thought it would last longer than this..." Ha, I bet you did buddy! So he again zip tied the bottom of my car on and I drove back and he replaced the bolts that he had broken for "free of charge." Even if they would have told me they broke them, or that they were broken I would have paid for them to be replaced and I would have never left the building knowing that the bottom of my car was "securely" zip tied on! I DO NOT recommend this service center and to be honest, there car wash sucks too!
5	Excellent service. Very fast and thorough.
2	They replaced a headlamp on my vehicle...  with the wrong headlamp.  While the one that they put in did fit, it wasn't a Toyota OEM part and it was extremely dim by comparison.  The other headlamp went out two months very late at night and I can't see to drive.  Had to put my brights on, flicker them off whenever a car was in the opposite lane, and turn them back on again to see to drive.  Another Toyota dealer replaced both headlights, this time with Toyota parts.  I asked for a refund from Jon Lancaster.  They said they would do it.  Its been 6 months and I'm still waiting.
2	Well I keep coming back here however, I am really thinking of not coming back.  There is absolutely no organization here and you wait and wait, all the while several people who came in after you, get waited on before you and off they toodle.  I have complained many a time to this place about lack of consistency and how they need to come up with a plan so that it is first come, first served. How can this place actually think that customers will be happy when they get in line in back of a car that is needing an hours worth of service and the car next to it is getting a fast oil change and the next car, who just pulled up, gets to go in front of you?Also I am not convinced that they are doing the safety inspections that they claim they are doing.  Lancaster stated that my tires were good to go at the last oil change a month ago.  I looked at the tires the other day and thought they were getting a little bald.  Wonders of wonders, took it to my faithful mechanic and he stated the tires were bad.  He too wondered why Lancaster made no comment about bad tires.Seriously consider going elsewhere.  If they are skimping on their safety check, what else are they skimping on?
1	As a single woman I wsa pre judged and my privacy was invaded.  When asked about how much I owed on my car my reply was please tell me what you will give me.  Well the sales man pulled a report (I financed through a different toyota dealership) on what I owed on my car, said I over paid for it.  He was insulting and condescending.  Single women be ware.I did go there with the intention of buying there but I left and bought a car somewhere else that day.  Toyota is a good car but this dealership is a NO in my book!
5	Best express service in town. The employees only suggest needed services and always take great care of everyone. The new car wash will be running next week, I can't wait to try it!
