4	Third times a charm? This makes three times I have seen a pizza spot in this location. I stopped in and ordered a "Monday's Special" which is a large cheese pizza for $9.99 and additional toppings are extra. Inside was very busy so I guess others are wanting to this place out too. While I was waiting for my pizza, I noticed they have pizza by the slice for sale. I asked if they could add a slice of Sicilian (cheese) to my order priced at $3.25 and make it to-go. My husband isn't a fan of a lot of sauce on a pizza, but I'm the opposite. I asked for a side of sauce (cost .85 cents) to go along with my pizza for dipping and it and I ended up really liking the flavor. The pizza had a thin crust and the right amount of cheese for it. The pizza wasn't very greasy at all and hubby and I both enjoyed it. The Sicilian slice tasted great and had the crisp crust it should, but I was a but disappointed when I got home and opened the paper bag it was in and it was just on a paper plate inside the bag. They did just open, so it's possible they ran out of to-go boxes, but I hope it's not this way all the time. The Sicilian slice was actually my favorite part. The employees were nice and with the different specials they have going on and the food being decent, I can see coming back.Most pizza joints have a "slice special" and it has a certain time it runs and sometimes only on certain days. Well, here you can get 2 slices and a drink for $5.50 7 days a week anytime. I thought it was a plus that I could get a slice special for dinner instead of just a restricted lunch time special. Aside from pizza they also have wings, fingers, salads, strombolis, pasta, sandwiches and desserts. They also cater.
3	I called in a lunch order to go. The service was nice and fast. Lunch order was ready in 15 mins. as stated. I order Chicken Valsostano. The chicken was great, the sauce it was made in had great flavor and the cheese and mushrooms were a great addition.The pasta was a little disappointing, the sauce was on the acidy side. I will come back and try other menu items. It is nice to have all these new places in the area close to my office.
5	Ive never had bad pizza or pasta here.  Very authentic taste and very friendly staff.  A little more pricy than some delivery pizza chains, but the extra cost is worth every penny!  I come here a lot and know a family that comes in for pick up at least once a week.  It's definitely a nice change of pace from commercial pizza chains.  Definitely worth a try next time you are thinking about ordering pizza!
4	3.5 stars.Tried this place for dinner and I was ready to not like it. I wasn't crazy about the pizza joint that was previously here and I typically don't like super thin crust type pizza. my wife told me they have a special on Mondays where you can get a large cheese pizza for around $10 so we ordered one. Inside was busy with customers and there were plenty of staff on hand to get everybody taken care of. The only downside is that they only have about 5 tables inside and since they were filled with customers eating side it left us customers waiting for take out orders huddled together which was awkward. The inside is narrow so there isn't much space when it's busy. I ended up liking the pizza. It was thin, not too greasy, and had the right amount of cheese and sauce. I can't say I'd pay the regular $12.99 cost for it however with a coupon or a promotion like we got this time it's a good deal. I came back a couple days later for lunch and picked up a couple slices of cheese and a drink for around $6 including tax. The pizza was hot and just as good as a couple days before. The only thing I don't get is why it doesn't come in a take out box? The 2 slices were on a thin paper plate inside a brown paper bag. I wasn't just getting lunch for myself but my wife too and trying to carry it all out plus 2 sodas was effing ridiculous. I like the specials they have and look forward to trying some of the other menu items however if it doesn't come in a proper take out box it might make me not want to come back as often since I wont want to risk dropping all the food trying to carry it to the car.
4	This place has great pizza. I have never been a fan of white pizza but it unbelievable here. U gotta try it. I called and asked if they can do half white and half regular.  He said he can whatever I like which was nice. I've beem here about 5x since it opened, mainly bc it is super close to my house. The pizza is 5 star quality, however,  they need to revamp their appetizers.  Place woukd be 5 stars ez w better items besides the pizza. Definitely recommend the pizza here.
4	I have been here twice in the past week since coming into town for work. The pizza is genuine NY style at a price that rocks. I have spent many weekends in NYC and this reminded me of the pizza I love. Huge pieces at an affordable price that taste good. Their meat slices are great.
2	This was my first time at this location. I did not know Upper Crust Pizza went away.I wanted the chicken fingers, but they did not come with french fries. Fries separately are an extra $3.00. Not that I am a cheapskate, but not trying to pay $15.00 or more on lunch.So, I ordered the student special - 2 cheese pizza slices and a drink for $4.50 as the sign says. I paid $5.95. I didn't argue, but I feel that was a dollar too much?Anyway, I am a native Long Islander. I can make pizza. I was not very impressed with the cheese pizza. It was okay...nothing that will win award, but it was not inedible. I have had better pizza at the Red Rock Station buffet. Will I go back? If someone else is buying & this is their choice, I will eat there. It would not be a place I myself would say "Hey family - let's go to Rocco's".IMO, the best 5 pizza places still in existence in Vegas are: Red Rock Pizza, Napoli's Pizza, Mark Rich's, Broadway Pizza, & Metro Pizza.
4	I have been craving a good Antipasto. I found it ! Will be back !
5	I am so glad Rocco's moved into Village center...The pizza is excellent the dinners are great...the Sicilian pizza reminds me of the pizza I grew up on in Long Island. What can I say, you have to try Rocco's.
4	The Sicilian pizza is excellent! It's just like the pizza I've gotten on the East coast which is very hard to find here in Vegas. The crust is fluffy and crunchy. The garlic knots are also very good, and the staff is very nice.
5	2 Thumbs up Rocco's nailed it with the New York Style pizza.  Best I've had in a while
5	Went for a slice of white pie. Ordered 2 slices they are huge. It was delicious.  Good service on a busy Saturday night. Definitely coming back.
5	Really liked the place. Is pretty close to what I would make at home. Nice and clean. The service is ok a little dry.
4	Just moved here, and this is the best pizza I've tried so far for the price. Got the garlic knots as well, and they were good. Will keep coming here.
5	In a word, Rocco's is excellent. Great pizza, friendly and efficient employees, clean store, and fast. Dominoes, Papa John's, and Pizza Hut are to pizza what Taco Bell is to Mexican food. Why does garbage like that sell so well when REAL pizza is close by for the same price? Actually, that other crap is the garbage that garbage scrapes off the bottom of it's shoes, but too many people are way too lazy to do anything but pick up the phone. Kudos to Rocco's, and here's a real novelty considering how the garbage places cook their's - Rocco's uses actual ovens, while the garbage uses those blast furnace conveyor belt "things." Pizza crust is SUPPOSED TO BE somewhat crispy and the only way to get that is with a real oven, but that other trash is like Silly Putty. Rock on, Rocco's!
5	Hands down the best pizza and wings in town. The only place we order from! We had a slight mishap with our order this even and they handled it like champs...asbusy as they were!  Thanks sonia
5	This place is much better than the Charleston location.  Even the customer service is better. I don't know if the food was better because I expressed my concerns about the Charleston location, but I don't mind. I gave the Charleston location many chances and they kept giving me bland pizza and dry wings. I can't recall the guys name but I let the tall younger white guy know about the issues from the Charleston location and he immediately informed the cook not overcook my wings (sorry if you can provide your name I will update this review) Thanks again for your wonderful customer service. And yes the food was good the second time we as well. I'm glad this location opened up. Please don't get too comfortable and let your service decline. That's a sad truth about the food industry.
5	The best New York Style Pizza in Vegas! Hard to stay away from this place since it's so close to home. Been there about 6 times already and I think it's only been open for a month or so. Ok, I guess I have to go back tonight! Oh and the vodka sauce is good too.
1	The only good thing about this place is they have a student deal: two pieces of cheese and a fountain soda for 4.50. The pizza doesnt have much flavor. They charge for bad ranch. By the way, there is no pesto.
5	Disregard any review that doesn't give Rocco's five stars, because there's nothing to NOT like about this place. Fast, smooth service by friendly people, and the only place I get pizza from anymore, period. I've ordered from them now about ten times and it's 100% consistent. I'm only sorry I didn't find them before, because I'm sick to death of bad pizza, or even worse, some of that "designer" crap pizza that the "in crowd" seems to like. Once you start screwing with pizza, it starts to suck. Some things should be left alone and should remain traditional. If you don't like this pizza, you need to have your head examined.
4	Ive said it before and Ill say it again...White Pizza! Rocco's is one of the two pizza joints ill hit up when the pie craving hits. They make a great pie, and the price is right. You can of course order pizza whole or by the slice which is nice if I don't want to down a 12+ inch pie by myself, and the slice is generous. Rice balls and fried eggplant are also available among other things. I come here for the pizza so that's what im sticking to, and they do it well.
5	I like to say that I'm a pizza expert, especially New York thin crust style and this place takes the cake.Crazy as it may be, it actually was better than pies I've had in NYC.Couldn't leave without a pie for back home :)
5	I'm always on a quest for real thin crust NY pizza. Stumbled upon Rocco's on my visit to Vegas. This place is the real deal! Fantastic pizza! I wish we had a Rocco's here in LA. Can't wait to go back!
4	I wish they would bus the tables more and that the bread was better.  Otherwise, great.
