4	I've only been here once but the spring roll and drunken noodles were excellent.  They have hot oil and thai hot pepper flakes on the table to add yourself and the oil is delicious.  Prices are cheap, and the menu is filled with your standard Thai options.  I plan on working my way thru the menu
4	Lunch service was fast and accurate.  I asked for an 8 spice level and that's exactly what I got,  which is refreshing.  Rive was a tad overcooked but the cashew tofu was perfect.  The vegetables weren't overcooked and they did not skimp!  Will be back weekly at this point.
5	Love this place! I go here at least once a week and have tried about six things on their menu. The food is always fresh and you get large portions. I would compare it positively to any other Thai restaurant in Pittsburgh. The atmosphere is very casual, nothing fancy. But staff are super nice and the food comes out very quickly. The 1 to 10 rating scale means something here. I get an eight, and it's always quite spicy. Great red curry, pad prik khing, and garlic pepper. You won't go wrong eating here.
5	This place is my total new favorite! The service was fast. Dining room clean and simple, but not fancy (just what I like for in between class nosh), and the food was excellent! Be warned, though,  I think their food is just a little spicer than what's usually in the burgh, so dial down the first time you're in.  But it was so good!
3	Siam was a sold 3.5. The first thing that I noticed was the frigidness of the dinning room.  It was uncomfortably chilly and the two space heaters that were running did nothing to heat the space up.  I ate my meal with my scarf on and would have worn my hat too but I thought it might look a little low brow. The service was friendly but a little too quick when it came to placing my order. I was given almost no time to review the menu. I had hardly had my coat off before the waitress was back asking me if I already knew what I wanted to eat.  This being my first visit and all I did not appreciate that much, but I am sure in future visits it would be a nice touch once I familiarize myself with the menu. I had the steamed pork dumplings and the Garlic pepper with mixed seafood. The dumplings were rubbery and under seasoned and  after eating them I wished I had never ordered them.  The garlic pepper sauce on my entree is what has me awarding 3 stars to Siam it was very flavorful.  But the mixed seafood looked like a horror show with three tiny sad looking shrimp and a cold scallop. For $10.50 I was fed a quarter cup of food and had to eat all of my rice to fill me up.  I am in no rush to get back Siam. And the server kept trying to hand my dishes to the man setting next to me.  The dining room was not busy at all for them to have gotten my order mixed up. It's cold and flu season I really don't want some stranger pawing my food unnecessarily.
2	Good food.  Pad Thai was spot on.  Don't know why they serve a single, cold crab Rangoon with lunch.  Gross.  Service was horrible.  They ignored me when I walked in for pick up, and worse...  My biggest pet peeve..   for a total of $10.13, I paid $11 and she asked if I wanted change.  For takeout!!!  Maybe it's a cultural difference, but I won't be back.  Stick to Angkor in Greentree.
