4	After a late night out on Halloween Eve, hubby and I were craving some tasty, cheesy Mexican goodness, and we luckily found this new Filiberto's. My standby is the shredded chicken burrito, and it was actually a bit dry at this location (usually it's very "saucy" and delicious). But thank goodness for their hot sauce. It's not like the typical fast food Mexican restaurant hot sauces - it's actually got FLAVOR. I go through like 4-5 of the little cups of it. That will make even the driest burrito "saucy" and it certainly did the trick that night. Yum. I'll be back I'm sure.
3	I find it interesting that the different locations of this chain of restaurants have different numbers of stars, and I'm wondering if I would like another location more.One thing that I appreciate about this place is the hours.  The dining room is open until midnight and the drive-thru is 24 hours.  Not too many places in this neighborhood are open that late, so it's nice if you want a late night bite.The food was OK.  I probably should've tried one or more of the many salsas from the salsa bar, but I like to first try food on its own before adding anything to it, and then I was just feeling to lazy to get up and get some salsas.I had the two chicken tacos meal.  For some reason, I found the first taco to be more flavorful than the second.  That actually worked out to my benefit because it stopped me from stuffing myself silly.  The rice was pretty standard Mexican rice and the beans were as well, but they were served with a lot of shredded cheese on top... and lots of cheese will make just about anything taste good.This is the kind of place that I might visit again when I'm feeling like Mexican food, don't feel like traveling too far for it, and don't feel like spending too much on it.  Also a great late night option.
3	Good stuff typically better when you're a lil tipsy.  Service is always quick - inside is actually pretty clean but I recommend hitting the drive through and going home to eat.Best thing... Open 24HRS... So Useful for those awesome breakfast burros :)
3	This is the best drunk food you will ever find.
2	I generally avoid Filiberto's unless I've run out of other options, and even then I stick to one or two things on the menu.  They can't mess up a basic breakfast burrito with eggs, potatoes and cheese.  Well, I say that and the potatoes are always undercooked so they're crunchy from the rawness.  They make a decent AZ burrito, but it's greasy as all get out--you'll want to pour out the grease before consuming the last bit of the burrito.  Because it's so close to the house, I've been here at least 30 times, so I have a fully-formed opinion.  I used to be excited about them when they first opened--who wouldn't be excited about 24-hour Mexican right on your corner?  Over the years I've become turned-off by their cheap meats, overly greasy food, and inability to cook potatoes.  A better option for a cheap burrito in the area would be Los Favoritos in Chandler or Some Burros.
4	Don't think that all of the Filiberto's are the same.  Of the Filiberto's I have been too, this one makes the best breakfast burritos.
3	nothing special to report about this place... its cheap, and its better than Taco Bell.... i ordered the carne asada french fries and they were great, tho a bit sloppy/messy...
4	My son and I ate here the last time we were out in the Phoenix area. I always make it a point to eat at Filibertos every time I am in Arizona since all we have is bland Tex-Mex in Texas. As with the other two locations I've been to, the food quality was very good and the service was quick. I guess the only bad thing I can say is the person who sat behind us was a really loud gangbanger wannabe who was telling the person she was with about all the gangs she ran with in El Paso. Guess that really isn't the restaurant's fault though.
3	24 hr mexican. I always get the fish burrito and drown it in the red sauce. Cant really make an objective review since anything tastes pretty good late night.Likewise I hav never been to this place during the day.
4	This is based off my one experience here. Came on a weekday in the afternoon through the drive-thru. The menu listed everything. The place is open 24/7. Ordered the carne asada fries and it was yummy. Authentic. Fast food. Fries. Carne asada. Hot! Hot! Hot!
4	This is probably the best one around. It's nice to hit after the bars close. I always get a cheese crisp and rolled tacos. Surprisingly, they are never greasy like other berto's. On the weekends the menudo at breakfast is good too.
4	One of the best Mexican fast food there is! We visit here often and have not been disappointed yet! I recommend the super nachos in any form! The Red Chicken Quesadilla is great, a bit wet from how moist the meat is but still a must order. My kids LOVE the breakfast burrito and I have to say it is very good.Want good and plenty then here ya go!
4	My sister was right.  This place is pretty damn good!  They have a nightly special with prices that are unbelievably low.  Seriously!  I can't remember paying a $1.50 for a reasonably sized and tasty bean burrito anywhere in California, ever!The bean and cheese burritos are cheesy!  So if you don't like cheese, definitely tell them to take it easy.  I did, and my bowels thank me.  The fish tacos were much better than I expected for Phoenix.  Hey, frozen fish goes a long way!The salsa roja was so-so and very inconsistent.  One day it was spicy and the next, watered down.  The pickled hot carrots and jalapenos were on the money every time.  I could eat these all day, but I'm sure the heartburn would slow me down eventually.Although I was only visiting for a week, I made it in there at least three times.  Upon every visit I was greeted with a smile; when I left, they were sure to thank me.  Kudos to the staff!  The little things really do go a long way to making customers feel welcomed and wanting to come back.
3	I was shocked when I only spent $7 here, and got a huge burrito, drink, and chips with red and green salsa. Move over Taco Bell. Reminds me of food that abuelita would make really quick in the kitchen. The only thing that ruins it for me here is the service. Whether it is the drive thru- or stopping inside to eat. They just seem angry that you are giving them money. This is definitely the best fast food/mexican in the east valley, but don't expect to be greeted with a friendly smile all the time. Just remember, the food is good and take it at that.
2	I was in the mood for a breakfast burrito and Los Rubios that is right around the corner from my house was closed. So I went here instead. Service was fast, however the burrito was marginal at best. I ordered the 'Breakfast Burrito', which had eggs, ham and pico de gallo. I was try to eat this and drive to work. Bad idea!I had some 'juice' from within the burrito running down my forearm and onto my jeans. I wasn't happy about this. So I had to fashion the paper bag around the wax paper wrap to catch said 'juice'.The only thing from here that I can say has been consistently good would be the super nachos. After I typed the last sentence, I realized, every time I had the super nachos were after consuming copious amounts of alcohol, which could be why it was good.
2	The customer service here SUCKS! They've messed up orders. I've gone back in to get the things they've missed, and they look at you like what do you want me to do. In the drive thru, they don't ask what you want with your order, they just toss you your order and close the window. This used to be one of the best locations.
1	By far the worst Filiberto's I've been to! It's the closest one to my house and one of the few places open after midnight in Gilbert, so I've been by on and off over the past couple years. I'm just going to say it here and now, I'm addressing the past two times I've stopped by since they're the straw that broke the camel's back.The first time I really had an issue was a week ago. It was Wednesday night/Thursday morning and my brother and I both had a craving for cheese quesadillas. It struck me that one of the few (and, honestly, somewhat bizarre) Filly B's that has $.99 quesadillas on Thursday instead of Friday was close to home, so I headed over with thoughts of greasy, cheesy goodness dancing in my head. I should've realized this was going to go horribly wrong when I pulled up to the speaker and had to wait five minutes for a guy to come out the side door and take my order. With my order placed, I pulled around to the window for my order. Where I waited. And waited. And waited some more. After about 10 minutes, the guy who took my order FINALLY came to the window so I could pay for my food and head off. And proceeded to dick around with the system and apologize profusely to me in Spanish. I'm not pissed off about the Spanish part, which did help make what should've been an easy transaction ridiculously difficult, because, y'know what, it happens. And, okay, I'm deeply questioning the manager's decision to put someone who doesn't speak English on the window in Gilbert, but that isn't this guy's fault. No, the part that pisses me off is that no one apparently taught him how to use their system. Which added another 10 minutes to my wait time. So once he finally manages to figure out how to ring up my order, he gives me my total. Which is $7 and change. After having to show him on one of their take out menus that, no, it should be more like $2 something because it's after midnight on Thursday using the tiny amount of Spanish I know and a lot of pointing, he finally rang it up properly (which took another 5 minutes) and I was finally able to head home.You would've thought that after that I would never go back, but I figured I'd give them the benefit of the doubt and see if they're still decent during the day.I work out at the gym across the parking lot and had a particularly grueling session and desperately needed something to eat (which, alright, I know, Filberto's after the gym is pretty much cancelling it out, but you don't exactly do smart things when you're hungry). And considering it was Taco Tuesday, I figured, hey, what the hell, tacos are good. You can't fuck up tacos.Oh how I was wrong.I ordered two chicken tacos, a cheese quesadilla (because I am a creature of habit), and an horchata. The quesadilla and horchata were fine. The chicken tacos, on the other hand...Well. The first one was fine. The chicken was a little dry, but that's something that's easily fixed with copious amounts of salsa roja. But the second one...ugh. Two bites in and there's something wrong. I don't know if it was cartilage or what, but it was absolutely disgusting. As tempted as I was to go up and request a new taco after picking through and finding more of the mystery substance, I didn't since it had put me off wanting anything they might serve with chicken.TL;DR: Drive thru sucks and takes forever due to poorly trained staff. Food is sketchy as hell at times. Consider me a lost customer.
2	The quality isn't great, but if you want Mexican and don't have much time, it is better than Taco Bell etc. There seems to be a consistency problem. f you order the same thing meal several times, the meal will be a little different each time. Needs better quality control when it comes to the ingredients being used. Store and furniture are kind of dumpy.
1	They took off my original review because I told the truth they did a horrible job and took forever and still didn't get the order right. Sad Mexican food.
4	24 hour drive up is handy in a town that shuts down at 11pm. The burritos here make Sonic and McDonalds burritos look like toothpicks. The best things are prices are low and serving sizes are plentiful. I highly recommend Filibertos...
4	Low cost and descent Mexican cuisine. A very helpful employee took my order and told me all about the specials. Open 24 hours.
2	What a mistake. I ordered rolled tacos with guacamole and it looked like Kermit the frog  had diarrhea on my rolled tacos. You call that guacamole? It was so watery. Guacamole should resemble avocados. The beans were disgusting as well. I'm from San Diego and I'm getting convinced I will never find good Mexican food in Arizona.
2	This establishment needs employees with stronger English skills. I ordered a BEEF burrito and ended up with a FISH burrito. It wasn't until I got home (which is 15 minutes away) that I noticed the order was screwed up. Looks like Los Favs is getting my business from now on.
1	HORRIBLE customer service. First time coming here and there was no line. The girl in the register was counting her cash. We were waiting right in front of her for a good 3 minutes and she looked up twice while counting her cash. She finally asked if we were ready. Really? It took that long for her to ask? The rest of the staff didn't look happy to be there and the girl taking orders through drive through was just sitting around. What a waste of my $11. They need  new set of staff. First and last visit
3	Meh, this Filibertos is ok. I like them as a chain, but this specific location is always extra slow-even at the drive thru. It's also more expensive then the other ones. And they don't offer the California or Arizona burrito, which is my biggest complaint. The regular size is too big and extra expensive here. Overall, it's alright
3	Filli's makes a good breakfast burrito. I prefer the bacon, egg, cheese & add potato breakfast burrito.The service is hit and miss, some days you will get excellent quick service and other's it's ridiculously slow. Be prepared to pay extra for sides of guacamole or sour cream. Make sure you check out their daily specials some of them are well worth it.
1	This is the WORST Filibertos I have ever been to. They consistently get orders wrong. You never get an apology for screwing up what should be easy order to fill. This one is in my neighborhood but what's an extra 5-6 miles to get my order right? I mean with this one I waste just as much gas having to take the food back before they get it right.
1	Carne Asada burrito was horrible. Steak tasted old and dry. Better off going to taco bell.  Never going back.
1	The very best I can say about this place is that if you're looking for a deep fried heart attack you're sure to find it here.Over-salted, deep fried and virtually tasteless. I'm offended that they charged me for this food. It's bland, oily and the shells are deep fried for so long that if you're not careful you'll cut your mouth wide open. Ouch.To add insult to injury it's way overpriced for the quality of food that you get. A real tacqueria wouldn't charge almost $4 for a measly carne asada taco. They just wouldn't. Theirs consists of chewy meat and some flimsy corn tortillas. Not worth it.The people here are abrupt. Not rude, per se, but just not friendly. I'm sure there's a language barrier, just don't go here looking for friends is all I'm saying.I'd definitely try a different taco place unless you're so raging drunk that the only thing that will absorb the alcohol so you don't end up on the bathroom floor is greasy mexican food, then still don't go here. No, seriously, just lay on the cold tiles and it will be fine tomorrow. Avoid.
1	The food is ok at best. It's convenient so we've had it a few times. Last night I ate the rolled tacos with rice and beans. 5 hours later I was hospitalized at gilbert mercy. Severe food poisoning. I will never go back again.  I'm wondering if anybody else got sick last night from this particular location.
1	WORST FILIBERTOS EVER. They seriously just tried to charge me 6.50 for two beef tacos! This filibertos menu and their prices as well as quality of food has always been subpar to the majority of filibertos in the valley. Their food was always about 70 percent as good as other Filibertos I've been to but now charging so much it's definitely not worth the visit. Most other filibertos in the valley charged a 1.99 for a taco. I could have gotten this in a combination plate for 6.50,  same chain all other locations. This restaurant won't be around for long if they keep this up
1	I love filibertos in general, but this location is very hit and miss, this goes for the food and the service. They recently upped their prices , which is fine but the quality of the food should have least stayed the same.More times then not the inside of my carne asada burrito is cold, not lukewarm but actually cold. Their breakfast burritos are very good and so are the rolled tacos. but if you have a choice, choose a different filibertos or even a whole different Mexican place.
3	First impression very clean. ordered food to go and was ready really quick. first time here I asked a couple questions she did answer them but offered nothing more than a yes no. food was good and still hot when I got home. I would go back again.
4	This Fili B's location is really new and very clean.  We stopped in on Taco Tuesday, obviously a very popular night because most of the tables in the restaurant were full.  You can't beat a $.99 taco!  I love their bean burritos because the tortillas are nice and soft and the beans are runny and delicious.  I love the choices of salsa on the salsa bar.  On taco Tuesday, my hubby and I ate for only $10, so that's pretty awesome.
2	Waited in the drive thru over ten min.  I'm actually writing this review while at the drive thru window.  Very slow. No apology or anything.
5	It is clean, and much better than most filibertos. The owner ( I'm assuming) was there very friendly man! This place is on track to success great customer service and smiling faces. The food is amazing! I'll be back!!!
5	Took a little while for food but tasted great.  However, I asked if horchata refills were free and the girl said no so I said nevermind. Unknown to me, the owner or regional manager or someone happened to be standing behind me and heard. Asked for my cup and walked back and got it, said it was on him.  Nice touch, and prompted a review. Love that kind of service.
