3	I'm surprised there isn't any reviews here about PP.    They have two offices, one in Mesa and one in Gilbert.   I've never visited the Mesa office so I can't rate that one.Dr. Ciminello is hands down the best doctor in all of Arizona.   We recently had our first son and of course had lots of questions.   He took the time answered all of them, didn't make us feel retarded or rushed.   PP has two other doctors, however we haven't used them, so I can't comment but I highly suggest Dr. Ciminello for all of your babies needs!EDIT: As of May of 2012, Dr. Ciminello left and went to Desert Shores Pediatrics.   We tried to stay with PP but the quality went down over the past few months, therefore I've changed my rating from 5 to 3....  We ended up switching over to Desert Shores to continue going to Ciminello and have been happy.
5	I love pueblo pediatric also!  And, also surprised there aren't any reviews!There staff is always friendly and helpful. Rooms are always clean. I take my baby to Dr. Salek. He always answers all of our questions and never makes us feel "stupid" for asking. He also takes his time and even asks us how we are doing. Most physicians these days are in and out of the room before you can even feel like your questions are answered, but Dr. Salek really takes his time. I went in during a very busy day...flu season actually.  My baby had a fever and I called the office to fit me in. They did surprisingly and I saw Dr. Salek. He examined my baby and reassured me his fever is fighting off infection and not to worry.  Well as any mom, I was worried and continued with my questions...I was there for 30 min with him and not once did he make me feel rushed. I even thanked him for squeezing us in and he replied "we would rather stay later to see all our sick patients than to send you to urgent care because we are overbooked". Now that's what I call service...if only MY doctor would fit me in and not send me to urgent care!I haven't seen the other physicians but am sure they are just as good! Also, they are a private practice from what I know so each physician owns part of the practice...meaning they take pride in what they do!
5	These guys are the best. NEVER more than a few minutes wait to be seen and as others have said, both Dr. Salek is patient and kind and will take as much time as you need to answer questions for either parent or child. We've been going to the Mesa office for years and just recently had to call on a Sunday. The answering service was similarly kind and Dr. Ciminello called back in less than a minute, was thoughtful, generous and patient. Put my mind at ease and was great. Every thing you'd want for your child. Yay for the awesomeness that is Pueblo Peds!!
4	We have been taking our kids here since our first was born in 2009. We absolutely love Dr. Salek. He's patient, doesn't rush you, and genuinely cares about your kids. Definitely qualities everyone should look for in a pediatrician! The only tiny complaints I have is that 1) The exam rooms could be a bit more kid friendly with the decorations, etc. and 2) Certain nurses are not the happiest people to deal with but that's it! We love both locations.
5	I took my kids when they were younger to Pueblo Peds and they were ALWAYS amazing great! They were speedy, helpful and always concerned about the care for my children. I highly suggest them!
3	We have been going to PP for over 17 years. Dr Chiles and Dr Salek have been my children's doctors from the beginning. We have seen a lot of faces come and go. Now that PP has merged with  another very large group, it just isn't the same. I still love our doctors and that is why we stay as my children are older now and need less frequent visits. This office just doesn't have the same family friendly feel it once used to.
5	WE LOVE DR. SALEK!! He is the kindest man and so easy to talk to. He's so good with children and I like the way he includes my child in the discussion.  My child is not intimidated by him and really trusts Dr. Salek.  After being let down by another highly recommended pediatrician in Gilbert, Dr. Salek swooped in and really saved the day as we were having some serious issues.   All is well now, and we continue to visit Pueblo Pediatrics for all our child's needs.  Thank you, Dr. Salek :) :) :)
5	Love this office, as well. I have been to both and would see either doctor. Wait time is quick and getting in for an appointment is easy.
5	I love this place ! Nurse Geri and dr chiles !!!!! My kids all go here I was dr chiles patient when I was younger !!!!
3	This review is for the Vineyard location in Mesa. I liked this place before they had two locations and before all of the friendly, patient and knowladgeable doctors left. My children have been going here for 6 years. Dr. Ceminello (spelling?) Was a teriffic pediatric doctor. He was always so friendly with the kiddos and made them feel comfortable. We were sad when he left the practice. Dr. Salek was also a great Dr. I was comfortable asking questions and he took his time, we never felt rushed. Dr. Espenosa while knowladgeable is always rushed, overbooked, we are being pushed out the door before feeling confident in his diagnosis. He also pushes the flu shot like non other. I have bever waited less than a 1/2 hr and usually closer to an hr to be seen. It is due to the changes in Drs that we are looking for a new office for our children. The office staff is friendly.
