1	major  rip off do not go went through it in 45 minutes waste of 30 dollars wasn't even scary big waste of money go someplace  sucks!
3	Seemed scary on the previews but really wasn't and I am a major scardy cat!!! Its really hot in the building. I had my moments of being scared but not that scary. The layout was cool. Overall my friends and I had a good time.
2	13th Floor is part of a haunted house "franchise" that has a couple of other locations; the one in Denver is where it all started, and is a legend unto itself. If you visit the Denver website, you can view videos about the house, and you will see repeatedly that USA Today included 13th Floor in their list of "Top 13 Haunted Houses in America."The Arizona incarnation leaves something to be desired. Located in a rented-out strip mall in a seedy part of Bell Avenue, 13th Floor does not impress you from the get-go. What you do notice right away is the crowd of hundreds of people lined up to get inside and get spooked. I took this as a good sign, even though we showed up half an hour after they opened. Buy your tickets online if you can. There is a line of hundreds to get in the house, and a similar line for tickets as well. If you're a patient person, and you want some time to build up the anticipation and adrenaline by being surrounded by a ton of giddy and jumpy people, go for the lines. They have actors with chainsaws and creepy makeup pacing around, scaring the easy targets, posing for pictures, and giving you a preview of what's to come. The actual haunted house is nothing special. If you've been to one before, you'll see it all again. You have actors in creepy makeup and clothing jumping out at you, slamming things against the wall or floor, and getting up in your face. There are rooms you're led through themed as grisly, defiled homes, kitchens, and hallways; there was a pirate-themed area, and a misty jungle to walk through. I was disappointed in the lack of jumps in that area; the scare potential among the close-pressing fog, bushes, and trees was great. (I wish I had been able to go through more slowly to admire the props and background setup; everything was something you've seen before, but it was beautifully set up. 13th Floor may not have scared me, but they get points for attention to detail.) One thing that I'll admit I've never seen before was the usage of partially closed garage doors placed in strategic areas. Open only a foot or two from the floor, an actor would get a running start and slide on his knees out from under the door and then pop up next to you. The first time or two I saw this, it was downright hilarious; this does not seem to be an easy or very practiced thing for the actors to do, and some of them ate it or slammed into my legs like they were trying to take me out. (The actors are not supposed to/allowed to touch you.)I will admit that I'm not an easy person to scare. I'm not jumpy or unnerved by the dark, loud sounds, or people lunging at my face suddenly. (When you take care of a toddler all day, you develop a sort of Clint Eastwood hardness and eventually lose your flinching reflex.) There were, however, people all around me screaming their heads off in terror. One girl was even sobbing. If that isn't a testament to 13th Floor's fear factor, I don't know what is. The fatal flaw of my visit was the fact that the event staff was not separating the groups for long enough time periods. Things cease to be scary when you're basically part of a continuous shuffling line of people. You're rushed, and you can see ahead of you what's about to pop out of that dark corner, because you just watched the group ahead of you deal with it. Our total time going through the house was 13 minutes. (Yes, I timed it.) We paid $35 per person to get a VIP ticket, which gives you access to a much shorter line; regular admission is $25. Had I paid half that amount, I would have written this off as an unusual, fun activity to try out on a Saturday night. However, losing nearly forty bucks on this snooze stings. If our group of 4 was alone, hearing only the distant screams of other people ahead of us, then I could up 13th Floor another star, rating it as A-Okay. As it stands now, however, my experience was thoroughly 2-star.
5	Fantastic haunted house!!! we got a groupon for less than half price for VIP and didn't have to wait in line at all. this place must be better than decent or else there wouldn't be literally hundreds of people lined up outside. i've been to many, many haunted houses, all over the country and this is by far the best yet. i don't scare easy, but you have to put yourself in a mindset so that even the crappiest haunted house can be scary. the whole layout is great. luckily, we were able to enter as the beginning of a 9 person group so we got lots of "first" scares. when we noticed a few people in front of us, we slowed down so we wouldn't have that "oh, i saw that coming" experience. there are multiple rooms and even a slanted walkway room which was a great idea. the actors did a perfect job of jumping and screaming and yelling and freaking us out! it must be tough to do that over and over and over, all night and still be scary. each room/scene is near perfectly decorated with lots of detail to catch your eye as some un-dead creature jumps from behind. our ticket also let us into the Zombieland part of the whole experience and this too was amazing. without giving anything away, it felt like a real scene from a zombie takeover! loads of actors and props and scenery. the only part that was a bit lackluster was the "fun house" portion where we made it through the entire portion with only 2 creepy clowns to accost us. overall great haunted house. even the support staff were friendly in helping people navigate where they should be going and in what line. just remember to have fun!
5	Great haunted house! Probably the most creative one I've ever been to. It just kept going and going and each room was a completely different theme than demonstrated a lot of work went into it. In reading some of the other reviews, I think what people forget to realize about haunted houses is that the staff is limited to what they can do "to" you in order to scare you. They cannot touch you. They cannot trap you or hold you somewhere, or block your desire to exit. They cannot throw anything, spill anything, or drip anything on you. So you have to rely pretty much on being scared through what you can see, hear, or maybe feel in terms of temperature or, in the case here, a few bursts of air on you. Not only was the 13 Floors really creative, but so was their zombieland counterpart. The minute I walked in, it felt like being in a town overtaken by zombies-and the honking car was especially cool! The actors inside did a great job. I can't imagine screaming and yelling all night to scare patrons!
5	Haunted House was dope i'd return before halloween
5	This Haunted House was so scary! The zombies and actors throughout the house were very realistic looking with crazy costumes and make up. They seemed to pop out of just about every corner. I liked how some rooms were tilted and were hard to walk on. Some rooms even had different aromas to make you feel like you were in an insane asylum or zombieland. It was pretty unique. Whenever I went into a new room, someone popped up screaming at me which made me scream even louder! The whole thing lasted about 30 minutes, which I think is pretty long. The rooms were so realistic looking that I was worried I was going to have nightmares! I'm so ready for Halloween, now!
5	This was a fun place to go. The staff were friendly and the actors were great at playing the fears of the people going through. Go for a great scare!
1	I was very disappointed. It was inside a small former grocery store. They charged $25 for gen admit and $35 for VIP. Gen admit was a 2 hour wait, so we went for the $35 VIP to get right in and it was only a 45 minute haunt. The staff was good, but the lazy off duty PPD officers that are required by the city to hire for outside security were as useless as having tweakers watching copper wiring. No patrols of the parking lot. They just sat and stood around and got an attitude when asked them for help. These guys get $40 an hour for off duty work. This is the first time that I have ever seen a bad haunted house and rude officers. Normally our PPD are very helpful and polite. Don't know what happened on this deal, but wasted $70 for the 2 of us for 45 minutes of nothing ; (  Older people are discouraged as you gotta crawl under a tunnel apparatus in there. Stay home and save your $70.
4	This haunted house is awesome. The first house in the 13th floor was a great experience, the second house called Zombieland wasn't so much fun. The total experience last about 45 minutes which is well worth the money spent. Some people were complaining about having to crawl in Zombieland but there is an option to go around the crawlspace. I would have to agree with others that management does allow too many people to walk through the haunted house at the same time which causes the people in the front of the line to get the initial shock and the people towards the rear of the line to anticipate what's around the corner. The set pieces are outstanding and the special effects are great as well. I would strongly recommend going to this haunted house over others in the valley like Scream Park and Jack and Jill's haunted Hill.
4	13th Floor has by far the most creative setup and some awesome special effects. There were some "rooms" that blew my mind. That being said, they kind of ruined it by forcing to many people through the houses to fast. In the first house we went in as a group of 6 and exited as a group of 20+. The second house we went in as a group of 6 again and exited a group of 30+ The fear factor is ruined when you know whats coming and that exactly what happened in both 13th Floor haunts. I can appreciate the work the work that went into setting up that much haunt. The actors were all put into character with thought and were truly creepy. They lose that star because I really never got scared due to the crowd. 13th Floor has the potential to be awesome, they just need to slow down a little.
1	On Sunday 10-14-2012, I stopped by the Haunt before opening and spoke to the general manager about my experience and dissatisfaction in regards to our visit on 10-12-2012. Not even so much an apology. I figure that if I can save other people the disappointment that my friend and I went though, then mission accomplished.
4	this was a great haunted attraction.
4	Best haunted house ive been too. Better than the nest. They invest alot of money into props and scenery. Could be a little close to the east valley. Price is a little up there 35 bucks for vip, but we did not wait in line at all.
5	Excellent haunted house. We got our tickets on Groupon and it included VIP so you can bypass the long lines.  It also includes a 2nd shorter haunted house called Zombieland.  I think Costco also sells the tickets so check them out. Just make sure to read the fine print because it had some blackout dates. Anyways we had a great time at the 13th floor. The best haunted house I've even been too. We went last year to it as well and this was even better! It's best to go when it's not busy because you have more time and room in the house.  You ensure that the actors will be in place around every turn too. We will come back next year and look forward to it.
5	I am a huge, and I mean huge horror movie fan and a general all around fan of anything scary.  So as you can imagine, I have been to a number of Haunted Houses over the years, and although each brings their own little twist to the even they're generally all about the same.  Long lines, lots of people, and some scaredy cat about 15 feet ahead screaming like a baby giving it away to everyone else.I decided to check out 13th Floor after seeing a billboard advertisement at Westgate bike night a day or two before.  The trailer looked really good, so I really had high hopes but prepared myself to be disappointed.    I am excited to say that was not the case at all and although a little on the expensive side at $25, it was worth the price of admission.As you would expect at typical haunted house they are roaming actors harassing the patrons as they wait for their turn to enter.  I don't want to give anything away, but it took about 30 minutes to go through the whole thing which consists of two separate concatenated mazes.  There are a lot of actors, and it's clear that a lot of time and money was spent in setting everything up and getting it ready to be as scary as possible.  They even used some interesting techniques to keep people moving in the right direction, and getting one closer to the scary things than they'd probably like.I don't know if they'll be back next year, or if it will be just as good, but this was something not to miss if you're in or around the Phoenix area!
4	I didn't attend haunted houses until last year and that was only because Jenny loves Halloween. If my only other option is be terrorized by a month that should be just happy to mark the annual welcome of the pumpkin spice latte, then I'm happy to see Christmas displays up with end of summer clearance sales. So should my vote count for less? Absolutely. But does it? No. This is America and, if you haven't noticed, the loudest minority wins. So sit back as I make 500 review profiles and shut down my least favorite venues (looking at Upper Crust Pizza in Tucson).As for 13th Floor, we went on a Friday evening fairly early (8-8:30pm) and it was plenty busy. The typical middle school crowd and older guys who like to walk through extra slow and casually just to prove to their wives that they "ain't 'fraid no kid who jump out of the dark and can't touch me because I'll hit 'em like I hit the kids, Lerlane!" Who the hell wants to go to a haunted house and be that boring, I don't know. Who wants to bang them -- I just have no idea but assume low self esteem is in order.When asked about which pass we wanted, the girl told us the general admission wait was about an hour and forty-five minutes. And she said this very casually. The scary (get it?) thing is that the queue was only about a fifth of the way full! Maybe it's because I'm one of those lucky "single and childless" people my friends hate on Facebook, but if I'm spending $50 for a haunted house, I'll drop an extra $20 to cut the wait by an hour and a half. I don't know how quickly the VIP passes got in but I'd have to guess less than five minutes. Our wait ended up being about ten or fifteen minutes, which we spent watching the characters who meander through the crowd, mostly hitting on the ladies with the guys who were too cool for haunted houses but wouldn't dip into their beer money to not have to stand around a bunch of fifteen year olds. Funny how such behavior draws the actor's attention.They gave us the standard "you don't touch them, they don't touch you" brief and we were on our way. The props and effects were good and there were a few startles. As others have mentioned, there isn't much crowd control so we started off with seven and ended up with about three groups together mostly because our group was lead by -- go ahead and guess -- some dude who wanted to walk through with his hands in his pockets browsing at all the props as if it were Walk As Slow As Possible And Hold Up Everyone Day at the Bad Driver Museum. Again, bro, why bother getting off the couch?I'm not going to share any specifics but Jenny gives a compelling argument for the four stars. Just know that it is warm inside and that neither the lines nor the attraction is short.
1	Don't waste your time!  The most frightening thing is the amount of money you will spend to get in, especially if you purchase the VIP tickets.First, when you are asked if you are going to purchase VIP or General Admission, say VIP because the line to purchase tickets is WAAAYYYY shorter for VIP and when you get to the ticket window the attendant asks "general admission or VIP?"- so what is the purpose of having a separate line for VIP ticket purchases????  If I had to do it again, I would just stand in the VIP line and then purchase the GA tickets since there is not a separate window just for VIP purchases.  Or just buy online.Anyway, after standing in line for an hour to buy tickets, there is another line to get in, which took about an hour and 45 mins.  We were lucky we got there when they opened at 7, otherwise who knows how much longer it would have taken.Aside from the annoying teenagers who scream at the "monsters"  walking around outside and run through the line nearly knocking you over, there are actually idiots in the line smoking like it's their full time job.  I also lost count of how many people cut in front of us by jumping over the fences or just walking through the crowd ahead of us.Looking at the actors outside who were walking through the crowds, I was expecting to be really scared in the haunted house, and I really don't get scared easily- but I had high hopes this was going to be the best.  Unfortunately, I was wrong- if you are scared of people screaming in your face then you will have a great time, because that's all that really goes on inside.The sets and make up were pretty good, but it was just like walking through a maze of "sets" with people screaming at you- nothing scary about that.  I had my 12 year old with me and she wasn't even scared, I think she was more disappointed than I was.  The best thing at this place was the people handing out Fear Farm coupons outside of the exit door.We definitely will skip this one next time and save our money, Chambers of Fear was better and didn't have the 2+ hour wait.
5	it was ok the lighting and the monsters need to be scary. The actors are great and they did a fantastic job. I went back for a second chance and it was amazing I will also be going to the blackout night.
5	I am picky about Haunted Houses and horror films. I love them. But they have to be good.  13th Floor was really good. Great props, great sets, great costumes and some really scary parts!  We had a fabulous time. Even while waiting in line to get in, creepy characters came out and worked the crowd! That made it a lot of fun and helped pass the time waiting.If you don't like to be scared, and are grossed out by blood, guts or dismembered body parts - in dark, creepy, cold places...then don't go.  If you love those things, like I do, then make sure you go! We loved it.
4	Best haunted house I've been to in a long time.  Not just a short walk through and plenty of tight dark spaces with enough creepers popping out. So far the best in southern AZ. Recommend buying tickets online. The only drawback is the amount of people they let through at a time, groups of 8. Groups of 4 would be perfect!
1	I have loved Halloween ever since I was little. Every year I want to make my own haunted house but suffice to say, this is no easy task. So I take the second best option and that is just to attend the "best" one around town.I thought that the 14th floor was going to match that bid - after all I think I originally found it on a "nationally ranked haunted house" list.I went with my girlfriend (who is scared at the haunted train ride at Schnepf Farms), her friend (who wore a pad for when she peed herself), my buddy, and his girlfriend. My summary wouldn't suffice because it seems that I am a hard-ass so let me give my girlfriend's review - "that was a waste of money."Yes, my girlfriend who is scared of children's haunted houses where people just walk around in masks (or not) was more afraid at those than the 13th floor.The house is the same as any other - walk around in the dark and have people rawr at you around corners. Not scary in my opinion because I *know* that is coming. Reading the other reviews I actually think that we were at a completely different place. Fake doors? Moving floors? I must have went in the sissy door because I didn't get any of that.Best part? Going through took a little bit - it wasn't a 10 minute walk-through.So what am I into? I'm probably more into the haunted houses where you have to sign a waiver, have a safe word, will come out drenched in blood, and there is a high likelihood that I will be kidnapped, stripped naked, or put into highly emotional and deep human conflict situations. (Check out Haunted Hoochie at Dead Acres, The Cult, Freakling Bros: Gates of Hell, McKamey Manor, or the Blackout Haunted House. Unfortunately there are no such haunted houses around Phoenix so I'm stuck with the "jump around the corner" type haunted houses.I think it is more scary to walk around downtown Phoenix at night. Ha!So if you are like me how can you make your experience better? First, separate yourself from the group. If nothing else, you can stay with your group but separate yourself from the main group. If a slow group is in front of you then the actors/props will jump out and scare them with you in the background. Giving some space allows the actors and mechanics to reset and you get a fresh viewing. Second, quit speculating what is around the corner and preparing yourself. Third, ditch the scaredy cat that will cling to you and thus give you that extra confidence that you are "not alone." This coincides with my first two points. Fourth, if you must go in a group, go in the front... or the back. You will have the most likelihood for people to come and attempt to scare you.As for General versus VIP, that is a tossup. I did the GA and didn't mind it. Actors come around and harass you. I actually found that to be more enjoyable than the house itself. The VIP line was much shorter, though.
5	Never been to one of these and was taken by friends. LOVED IT!!!!! worth every penny!!!! some parts were really freaky but i am glad they didn't touch me!!! but they do scream in your ear lots!!!!
2	Very over-priced, especially for VIP (which we purchased) or immediate access.  Line moved quickly for VIP, I would STRONGLY suggest dishing out the extra $10/person.Sent through in large groups (we happened to be with a bunch of freshman/sophomore high school girls) so if you arent in the front all of the scares will be completed prior to you passing through.Mediocre at best, go to Scream Park in a group of two and you will be much better off.
5	This place is great! VERY theatrical and  creative.Ticket price is a bit spendy; but it's worth it! Total time to get through the haunted house was appx 30 min. Just when you think it's over - it's not!We did a vip pass that put us at the front of the line - if you can afford it, do it.We went early (6:45, they open ticket sales at 7:00) on a Sunday night. Crowd wasn't too bad at that time, however they had line barricades set up for a massive crowd. I'm sure it must get crazy busy.
2	I really enjoyed it. They did put ALOT of work into this place with even more crazy people to work the house. Somethings that really bugged me were the large groups we had to be in (4 to group would be a great/ isolation is key) and the unprofessional staff. We had two guys infront of us who were clearly intoxicated and ruined the entire event for us due to everytime someone approach them they were childish and mocked them back.  We told the staff inside the situation and if we could wait just to separate from them a bit but no help was offered and just told to  "keep moving".  Once out side, we were told them same. Get the VIP tickets. The line outside with out them was crazier then ever.
5	This place is awesome!!! A little expensive but it's once a year so it's worth it. The line was long but it moved quickly so I don't know what everyone is complaining about. We went on Halloween so you could imagine his busy it was. Plus the line was actually fun because they have a few monsters and clowns walking around  for entertainment. The haunted house itself was perfectly scary. The set up was great, it actually felt like we were going the 13th floor. We loved it! Zombie land is the second attraction which is just eh. I'm not into this whole zombie craze everyone's into so I didn't care much for it. This place is definitely better than fear farm.  I'd definitely go back!
4	I was reluctant to go because of the price and what I heard about the lines. However, despite my best just segment my curiosity overcame me and I decided go. Needless to say, I was pleasantly surprised. They put a lot of work into the set and the performers are amazing. They get really into what they do which makes it feel very realistic. It was an awesome experience and I'm glad I went.
5	I really loved this haunt!  It isn't very scary but it is very fun! You should check it out!
1	Don't come here for Valentines X. They lie about the line wait. If it's an two hour wait, just say so. Don't say 15 to 20 mins. Especially not saying it twice when asked. Now add in the same 80's and early 90's songs, about 6 of them. Playing endlessly. How is that haunted? It over all is a waste of money. There is no scare factor or even fun factor here. DON'T GO. STAY FAR AWAY!!!
5	This year is the best season yet, if you are thinking of going you should go! Great actors this year, new attractions and they are now teamed up Fear Farm. If your a haunted house fan check this place out.
5	I went on opening night for this season and had a blast! The actors are really into their parts and have some serious pipes on them! The sets were fantastic and while I saw some sets reused from the Zombie Apocalypse experience (which was also a really fun event that I hope they do again), I don't blame them, the sets were great.
1	Decided to try this tonight with my daughter... I have to say, it's the lamest haunted house I've ever been in. The sets where cool really detailed, like a movie set and that's why they get 1 star. Everything else was LAME. My 15 year old didn't even flinch once. I asked her how she had liked it afterwards and she said "The one at Sea World was more scary"Their only form of scaring you is to scream in your ear... This zombie guy screamed in my ear so loud, my ear was still hurting afterwards, when I said "really dude" he followed behind me out of the room screaming "Yes Really!" every 3 seconds, Felt like punching him.... If you decide to go I recommend to bring earplugs and low expectations but in reality.... It's a big waste of time and money!!  Just pass and rent a scary movie at home you'll have a better chance at being scared then.
2	We went here just based on the hype around it.  We wanted to go last year and couldn't make it.  We figured going super early in the season would be better, with shorter waits and such.   We went on a Sunday night at 8pm.  We bought the tickets with no wait  Got in line, and it looked very short, as it only had one loop around.  This still took almost an hour.There were 2 guys walking through the crowd.  The one tall skeleton didn't say much.  He was about 6'6" and was pretty cool to see.  The shorter guy carrying the wrench was obnoxious.  His idea of scaring people was to come up behind them and scream in their ear.  When we got to the front of the line, he was screaming at my girlfriend over and over.  He reached out and started to rub her hair. I told him that was enough.  He said, "I am just petting her."  I grabbed his arm and told him that was enough.  I was honestly ready to hit him.The entire thing takes about 45 minutes to go through.  The skits are pretty cool.  However, it is NOT SCARY at all.  All it amounts to is people coming out from behind doors and screaming at you.  Honestly, I would prefer to see it with the lights on and without the people just to look at the sets.  Again, not scary at all.  Overall....lame, especially for the price.  I would not recommend and will never return.
3	I guess I was expecting a lot more going in here due to the hype surrounding it. People claimed it was the best haunted house in Arizona, much better than Fear Farm. False on both accounts. I found Fear Farm much more frightening with better sets. The one thing I will give the 13th Floor props on is the production value. A lot of time went into building the different sets, at least the first half of it. The first half was pretty interesting, most notably the room where it feels as though you're making your way through a dark and foggy meadow. I felt the whole 35 minute walk relied too heavily on zombie after zombie jumping out and screaming at you, yet there was very seldom that element of surprise. In fact, I was with two easy-to-scare women, who I thought for sure would have to be escorted out, who didn't scream once. Price-wise, not a lot of bang for your buck. Next time we'll be checking out Rob Zombie's haunted attraction; it's said to be the best in the west. We'll see if that one lives up to the hype.
3	3.5 STARS FOR SUREEEEE! Why? Because you will wait in line for an hour and a half and if you're claustrophobic, this is not the place for you!What I loved about this place was the horror decor is fantastic! Some of the best I've seen. Scary? Not really. None of the actors really wore masks so scary makeup doesn't really scare me. Freaky masks do! Would I do it again? Sure! At a discount!
1	We drove 45 minutes to get to this haunted house.  Waited in line for an hour and 20 minutes.. All for it to be over in 15.  Do not waist your time.  Consists of a lot of rooms with people screaming in your ear or blowing on the back of your neck.  Not scary at all.  Pretty lame.  Even the "entertainment" while waiting in line was bad.  Should have known that's how the inside would be.  Save your money and go somewhere else!
4	What can I say except in a dozen years my husband and I have visited many haunted attractions. We just love  them and especially love the sets, and costumes, and special effects. We went with fast passes, as we aren't a fan of waiting, and with early tickets we were in and out in 25 minutes. The best part for me as far as special effects was the "swamp" area. Best thing I have seen in years. Most times our biggest complaint is not enough "ghouls" jumping out but this was no the case when we went on a Friday night.  Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because there was no real ending and we all walked out wondering why.
4	Definitely a great place for the money. It was about $30 for the standard ticket and it was worth it. The line was really long (about 2 hours) but you could get in sooner if you pay more. BUT they do make an effort to entertain you while you wait. There were monsters messing with the crowd and every 15 minutes or so a Zombie Dance Troop came out. The haunted house is two separate attractions in one building. A traditional haunted mansion and then a sort of military quarantine zombie zone. That one is a little shorter but there's high production value throughout. Grab your friends and go. It's worth it.
1	So we went here on a Sunday night. We didn't have to wait very long in the line. There were three actors walking around the line, trying to scare/entertain everyone. They were not scary. They walked around and harassed us. It was very strange. It almost felt like they were trying to start fights with us. It was very unprofessional and left us in a bad mood before entering the house. I understand what the purpose of their job is and what they are paid to do.  however, there were a few circumstances were they crossed the line and it became personal and nothing short of harassment. The interior design of this place was GREAT! The scenes were beautifully done. However, they didn't seem to utilize the sets like they should have. I jumped one time and that was because of a loud scream by an actor. Other than that, it wasn't very scary. Every incident where the actor was trying to scare us, fell short. That was because it was very easy to guess where they were hiding and when they were going to scream. One of the actors was so close to me, that he spit right into my eye. That was a little much for me because of all the sickness going around. When we went to the second part of the house (zombie land) there was a guy that was yelling and harassing all of us with a megaphone. It wasn't scary, just irritating. I ignored him. But some other people did not. It was awkward. I didn't understand the purpose of it. Another problem with this place is that they sent us in huge groups. The scares only went to the first two people. It made me feel like it was understaffed. They need to get better at timing because the group behind us caught up very fast and there were about 12 of us walking together. We let the go ahead and walked slow, so we would be able to experience some of the scares.I'll never go back and will tell my friends to go to another house like fear farm. I had a better time at house of screams and that was NOT scary at all. The atmosphere of the 13th floor was not scary either. It was just awkward. Unfortunately, our night was ruined by the strange attitude of the employees.  If they weren't so rude, I would have probably given this place three stars.
4	Let me start by saying this is NOT a tame spook house. It's very physical and at times requires you to crawl or be in very tight places. Several times my friend and I bumped into the people in front of us and a couple of times actors were so close we could feel their breath. We were at the back of a group and got a LOT of interaction. For us, as LARPers, it was a fun romp into a horror movie. It was like taking an elevator ride into a living nightmare. We went decked out with runny mascara and messed up hair so we'd look the terrified victim part. We screamed, we begged, we scurried for our lives. When you role play along with the actors - who really seem to enjoy it - it's just more fun. And this place is a great attraction to do it at. I decided to spring for the $10 Fast Pass and when we got there, I wasn't sad I did. The general admission line looked to be about a two hour wait. For Fast Pass, we were the 2nd group in line. We were in line about 20 minutes if that. To get the cons out of the way real quick: I do wish they would have broken the groups up more. Because the actors hurry you along, inevitably you catch up with the groups ahead of you. Which meant several times we ended up with performers who were trying to stay in character behind us but who couldn't realistically get any closer or more intimidating without touching people, which is a no-no. Another potential con: It's very dark in there at points. I ran into a low bench I couldn't see as we were rushed through one room, which left me with a baseball-sized welt on my thigh. Someone else slipped and fell at one point. No serious injuries but some of the terrain is just plain difficult to navigate. Some floors move, there are some that are tilted. Being careful isn't really an option because you can't carry a light or walk at a pace of your choosing. Okay. That said, I have to gush about the sets. The whole thing is very well thought-out considering how many scenes the place covers. An asylum, a graveyard, a couple of haunted houses, a swamp, a pirate ship... scenes from all kinds of weird nightmares are tied together through holes in walls and hallways that almost organically evolve from one to the next, just like a dream sequence in a film. The FX quality in the place ranges from cool to outstanding. The sets, sounds and FX alone are worth paying this place a visit. Most of the cast were really good at their roles too. Some were incredibly athletic and surprising with their actions and vocalizations. Costumes were pretty good too though we didn't see any of the masked characters some other folks have encountered. I liked that some had very distinct personalities. The pirate captain was especially entertaining to me. My friend liked an undead guy who pleaded with her to stay. I think she would have if it wouldn't have held up the line.I would definitely recommend this place but with the caveat that you probably won't like this place if you can't handle people getting right up next to you or if you don't like enclosed, claustrophobic places. There was one spot where we were engulfed over our heads in some kind of billowy air bag thing which kind of felt like being born again. If you can handle that, you'll probably like this place too.
5	- we went on a weekday night, so it wasn't crowded. - it is an amazing setup and the actors were great. i don't know how much it differs year to year, but i was incredibly impressed with the quality and special effects.- we paid for the vip tickets to skip the line and be escorted without a huge group. i think that made a huge difference from some of the lower rated reviews. spend the money to go or shut your mouth about having to be escorted with the masses. :)- bottom line: highly recommended!
5	Despite some of the bad reviews, my husband and I went and loved it! Well staffed, respectful, great sets and characters and lots of scares and things I've never seen in other haunted houses, like a crashed plane. It was worth the money and we were thoroughly entertained. Go!
4	Yep, it was scary.   We went in the middle of the week and had to wait 45 minutes but it was worth it.  We were taken in groups of 6 and of course I was pushed to the front of our group and I was the most scared.  I finally started screaming as I approached each corner we were about to round because I knew something or someone was going to jump out or drop from the ceiling.  Favorite scares were the snake belly we went through and the chain saw massacurist that jumped out of the ceiling.  It felt like we were in the house for about 45 minutes.  I came out with a hoarse voice from all my screaming and sweating.  Scary!
2	*sigh* There were so many things about this place that annoyed me to the very core. 1: it's located in a strip mall parking lot2: the "mood" music playing for the crowd was a la Taylor Swift. Really?! Hot Topic has a better/creepier/ more fitting music selection.3. The ticket booth chicks. Tickets were $26.99 plus tax. I had 3 $2 off coupons, and was charged over $87 for 3 tickets. Somebody can't add. (Same price, same 3 $2 off coupons used at Fear Farm and I was only charged $81 for 3 tickets. I want my darn $6 back.)4. They made you go in with other people, instead of letting your group in by yourselves. Boo.5. 0 scare factor. Zilch. Nada. I walked through there like it was Sesame Street. No jumps. No startles. 6. Why were 99% of the actors moonwalk/ sliding across the floor? Bye Felicia! 7. There were NOT 13 floors! The good? A cool elevator (or whatever it was) ride in the very beginning, and the cool, wading through water effects. Not worth the money. Will not revisit.
