5	The most meaningful performance you will see in Las Vegas.  I've seen the show at least 6 times now and it just gets better and better.  They always add new bits to keep it fresh.  They really love their fans and take time at the end of each show to meet and greet each member of the audience.  They patiently take pictures with everyone and if you are lucky you might get to see Teller talk :-)
4	We went to the half price ticket office and got tickets for this show for about $60.  They only offered mezzanine seats, but when we got to Rio, the theater wasn't full at all and the seater there just sat us out in the front rows.  I liked this show because it's funny and they do some pretty amazing magic.  They also allow you to take pictures with them and sign autographs afterwards.  Very personable people.
4	If you've ever seen them on TV, you know what to expect.  They concentrate more on conversation and humor than on magic.  Nonetheless, it's good fun.  Arrive early, and you'll be invited to get up on the stage and examine some props they use in their show.
5	Being a great fan of magic, I was very excited to find Penn & Teller live at the Rio. I've enjoyed their anarchic brand of magic on TV and booked up.Turn up early to enjoy a few pre-show extras. Look closely at the bass player in the band - he could look familiar! We were also invited onto stage to inspect the box used in their first trick. A good opportunity to have your picture taken on stage with the Penn & Teller sign in the background!Their act is very much like their performances in TV. Penn gives the rhetoric and Teller the funny expressions. I love Teller's mannerisms - so much expression without talking!Being a magic fan and an amateur magician myself, I think good magic requires atmosphere and some mystery. So I think that Penn's conversation was fine to set up the trick. As a magician, I was always watching out for them using the conversation as  mis-direction.I think the start to the show was excellent. Having inspected the box on stage, Teller was then imprisoned inside and being the anarchic magicians that they are, they did the escape without the usual curtain covering the box. Those who wanted the mystery of magic to continue were invited to close their eyes! Well, let's just say that however clever you think you are, the magician is cleverer!There was plenty of magic. Unfortunately, having watched their TV shows, I had seen a lot of the tricks but still enjoyed them. Their hook is that they show you how a lot of their tricks are done. Usually, this is bad practice for magicians and spoils it for the audience as the wonder is gone. However, just when you think you know it all, Penn & Teller deliver the whammy by extending the trick just a little bit and re-establishing the air of 'how did they do that?'I did watch other magicians that week and I enjoyed Penn & Teller the most. The thing which really clinched it for me was the way Penn & Teller stayed behind after the show to talk to fans, something no-one did. And I always fell over when Teller spoke to me!!Top show, top blokes, you learn how some tricks are done and get your pics taken on stage and with Penn & Teller.
5	I thought this was a great show, but I'm possibly biased since Penn dragged me up on stage to be his 'assistant' during the opening act.  (I knew I shouldn't have sat in the aisle seat.  Or worn such a low-cut dress.)Some of the tricks were amazing...... I loved what Teller did with the goldfish.  And the bartenders were awesome, mostly because one of them went and found me a bottle of cheap champagne (which I'm pretty sure is a total rarity in Vegas). And, like other reviews have mentioned, Penn & Teller hang out in the lobby after the show for autographs and pictures.  Which is pretty cool.My boyfriend thought this was the best thing we did in Vegas (next to renting a private cabana at Mandalay Bay).  I'd definitely go see this show again.
3	This was our second time seeing Penn & Teller in Las Vegas, and it was disappointing. We had excellent seats, but found the show significantly less engaging than on our first visit a few years ago. The selection of pieces was not nearly as inspired, and the balance between narration and magic weighed much too heavily towards the former. Penn's broken bottle juggle, in particular, had an introduction that was much too long for the payoff.Overall it felt a bit like Penn & Teller were going through the motions. Not to the extent of stage illusionists who only point at what's being performed by assistants, but still not feeling as fresh -- both for pieces we'd seen and ones we hadn't -- as the last time. I imagine that six shows a week gets to be a grind after awhile, and it's hard to put your whole heart into every performance.If you like Penn & Teller, you'll enjoy the show, but you may or may not feel much electricity depending on how they're feeling that night. One of the best parts of the show is the jazz duo who warm up the audience for a half hour before the show; the pianist, in particular, is very entertaining.
4	Went to the show not knowing what to expect.  But was pleasantly surprised how much I enjoyed it.
4	I went to this show for free courtesy of my company so we had no real expectations.  We both found it pretty entertaining.  HOWEVER..I think I would've been a bit miffed if I shelled out $100 a ticket on this show.  The place wasn't filled at all.  If I were to pay, I would just buy the cheapest tickets and then get moved up.
4	Comedy Magic At It's BEST!  It's not the fun filled magic spectical of Lance, Chris, David, or any other magician for that matter.  You get friendly bantor, and laughs around every corner.  You are amazed, at some of the tricks, and laugh at some of the ones you know are coming up!  You respect the show, and the way they carry themselves.  I was able to talk to both Penn & Teller after the show, as well.  Really giving you that sense of street magic.  I know people have paid full price for this show.  But on the strip you can get the show tickets for half the price.  So look around for it, it's there, and it totally worth the price.  You still get center seats in the middle of the theatre!  It's very cool!
4	I have to preface by saying I'm a Penn and Teller fan from the start.  So the hubby and I were excited to go see their Vegas show.  We watch "Bullshit" and all their specials.That being said, don't go to this show if you want a big, spectacular, exciting magic show.  They are more down to earth, they banter to the crowd, call people up, get a little preachy (Penn), swallow fire, juggle, show you how tricks are done....but it's still a damn good time.  WE had a BLAST.  My suggestion is sit as close to the stage as possible.  We were in the 3rd row and even though we could see everything up close, we were still amazed.My fave:  Goldfish trick
4	Penn and Teller really put on a great show! It's a combination of a comedy show and a magic show. It's not like a normal magic show like Lance Burton but more conversational and interactive. What I really loved about the show and made is really unique was that Penn and Teller sometimes explained their tricks. Of course, they usually took it one last step further that they didn't explain and just blew you away. Teller is an amazing performer, which is impressive for someone who is silent. His slight of hand is amazing. He does tricks that makes you just tilt your head sideways and try to ask how that could possibly be, but nothing coming out. My favourite trick was when he pulls coins out of simple water. Penn makes the show though. He talks as much as Teller is silent. He talks his way through tricks, which makes them that much better. For $80 - $90 a ticket, it's a bit on the expensive side but, if you want to see a non-mainstream Vegas show, this would be a good bet.
4	Penn and Teller were pretty amusing.  It was worth going off the strip to come see them.  They also stayed after at the end so that people could take pictures with them and get autographs.  Worth the $60-70 we paid per ticket, much more so than Cirque du Soleil or something like that.
4	I saw P&T once in Vegas, but I saw them twice in Berkeley and once in SF.  I love the running gag of Teller being totally mute, although I have heard him talk after the show is over.  As Vincente said, it's not this huge crazy flashy show.  It's good old-fashioned magic with a bit of humor and sometimes a wickedly dark side.After a show at the Curran, I met them and they signed my ticket stub.  Surreal and awesome moment.  Rumor is that they don't get along in real life.  If that's true, just goes to show you how influential money is.  I'm disappointed in their movie Penn & Teller Get Killed, but the life show is worth every penny.One of the most simple, honest, and entertaining of their gigs is when Penn plays the bass while narrating a skit showing how Sleight of Hand works.  Fantastic!  http://youtube.com/watch?v=_qQX-jayixQ
4	I really enjoyed the show.  I had seen Penn and Teller in Seattle about a decade ago, and I enjoyed the show back then, too.  I was slightly disappointed that they don't explain all of their magic any more, but I suppose they can't keep doing that and stay in business.After the show, they both rushed out to the hallway in order to sign autographs and take photos with us audience members.  I was both impressed and slightly disconcerted to hear Penn call everyone "boss."  Ostensibly, it showed that he respects his fans, but on the other hand, I felt like it was very unnatural.  Still, I thought it was good of them to sign autographs, and the show was fun.
3	It was good, I'm glad we got the tickets from Tickets Tonight, rather than paying full price.  I liked it.  I didn't love it.    I have the attention span of a gnat, and even they couldn't keep me on track.If you are Penn and Teller fans, go.  If you don't do musicals and all the other stuff, but still want to see a show in vegas.. go.if -- you really feel like this is something that will make your life complete - go.  IF not, eh. go check out a niteclub or something.
4	(4.5 Stars) I've been a fan of these odd-ball couples for as long as I can remember since I've seen their antics on TV when I was a wee lad. I have also watched all seasons of their Showtime program BullSh*t.  With an already established amount of respect watching them from the first row was that much more enjoyable.I was nervous about coming to their show since I have searched so many of their tricks online, and had hope that I haven't seen everything. Lady luck was on my side, as she seems to always be, and only a couple of acts they did have I seen. My friend who gets to watch their show for free tells me they change their program randomly, sometimes on a daily basis, with a list of tricks to select for their repertoire. But every moment was enjoyable, even the ones I have seen online.If you do go, spend the extra $10 for front VIP seats. Not only is it one of the better deals in town for close up views compared to other places, but you also get a large photo book that tells you the history of Penn and Teller as well as their thoughts of the show and their lives. Example, Penn talks on stage, but Teller actually talks much more when they're alone. Or how Penn is the presenter, and most of the tricks you see on stage are thought out and practiced by Teller.One of the cool things is they do appreciate their fans, unlike some celebrities. They will stand outside in the hallway to answer any question, take any pictures, and sign any souvenir you wish for them to sign. Teller is very soft spoken when talking, and Penn calls everyone Boss like yelper ben has stated. I would recommend this show to all my friends who want to see some very cool magic tricks, and would label it a Must-go if you are a fan of the duo.P.S. - Their pianist is named Mike Jones. Funny, the first thing that popped in my head was "Mike Jooooones", the untalented rapper, until I looked on stage to see a tattooed bald man playing the piano. He stands in the hallway also, I got his autograph and conversed with him since everyone ran by to get to Penn or Teller (hey, I got a heart too).
2	Agh. Gack. Blaaaarrrrrgggggg! WTF happened to Penn & Teller!?For the first time ever watching these guys - either live or on TV - I actually felt like I was bored. I've seen their act live before in San Francisco a few years back and LOVED it. They were alive, fun, and the crowd was totally into it. But oh man, how far things have fallen.First of all, I love these guys. They CAN be funny and entertaining. Maybe they were having an off night, because it felt like they could have cared less about the act and were just going through the motions... for the 10,000th time that year. It just all felt so dry, and they seemed bored of it. And if they felt bored, I definitely felt bored. Parts of the act hadn't changed in years, but there was definitely some cool stuff in there (like when they pull the guy up on stage and move stuff around on the table in front of him... that WAS funny.)Personally, I think Vegas is where comedians go to get a permanent show and get unfunny. In the same way that Cirque du Soliel goes to Vegas to get their own theater and get boring. When they're doing the same thing over and over and over and over and over and over night after night, I can't help but feel like the passion for what they do has been drummed out of them by endless repetition. Personally, I think the guys would be better off dumping the permanent show and get back out on the road. The rock stars of magic lost their mojo, and they need to get it back, otherwise they might as well be doing bad card tricks at a Holiday Inn lounge off a state highway.As always, they were gracious enough to do photos with the audience after the show and sign autographs, but that too felt like they just weren't into it at all. Penn just kept saying "thanks Boss" to everybody - male or female - like he was manning a rivet machine on an assembly line.Sigh. Guys, you were SO freakin' hilarious when you were on the road. But you lost your jazz. Ya' gotsta' get in back, baby. Don't go out boring. And the gun trick? It's been cool, but it needs something new.I miss the fun Penn & Teller. Because they were a no-show in Vegas.
3	3.5 stars:We really enjoyed this show and since I was a smart girl and got our tickets through Goldstarevents.com, we didn't pay the $85.00 per ticket the box office wanted. Having never really watched any Penn and Teller and knowing my guy loves magic, this was a perfect type of show for us. I would have been pissed paying more than we did as the show only lasted 80 minutes, but it was quite creative and I liked learning how they did certain things. I also liked that both Penn and Teller stood out front of their theatre and signed autographs and took pictures. It is rare for "celebrities" to do this now a days. I don't think I would need to see them again, but I am glad I got to this trip for sure.
5	I'm a huge fan of Penn & Teller in general, and I'm a huge fan of magic, so I booked tickets for this when I was in Vegas. We had a great time, the show was really good. Some of the tricks were astounding, like the bullet catch. Definitely made the right choice for my Vegas entertainment.It's been said before, but I'll say it again. Penn and Teller are wonderful people for staying afterwards and taking pictures and signing things for EVERYONE. They're great guys who put on a great show. If you're a fan of magic, go. If you're a fan of them, DEFINITELY go.
5	Very entertaining.   I can't sit through slow wispy magicians like David Copperfield.  Instead watch and laugh with these comedians/magicians.I, of course won't give anything away about the show, except for the fact that we were laughing and intrigued all the way through.  This is also one of the less expensive shows.  Tip:  I got a big discount at a ticket place in The Fashion Show mall.What else can I say, these guys have been doing this for 30 years and are keeping it young.  Also, no matter where you sit you may be a part of the crowd participation.Dafe
5	Wow. We were blown away! [In a good way...I'm happy to say we left the show with all of our limbs]. Penn and Teller take you on a journey through a field of cows (yes, cows), fire breathing, sawing a woman in half (they take a classic and "rip it apart" if you will), and a variety of other adventures all leading up to their grand finale: the bullet catch. We left the show with our jaws dragging down the isle.Penn and Teller not only perform a great show, but they are also quite funny. And humble! They stand outside their theater after the show to sign tickets and take pictures. Doesn't get any better than that. This show is definitely money well "invested," especially in Vegas ;)
4	I love the contrast between angelic and horrifyingly hilarious.  Like Chris Rock, who says the most astoundingly rude things, all the while sporting that angelic smile. Teller captures this perfectly, which made the show for me.  I love magic shows, and when humor and intelligence is a part of it, it becomes even better.The Mike Jones Duo (take a close look at the bassist!)  provides some great music and is a valuable addition to the show.  Here's a tip:  Magic show is not synonymous with okey-dokey for kids.  Many components of this show are not appropriate for the littles.  Some parts could be downright disturbing.  WHY ARE YOUR KIDS VACATIONING IN SIN CITY ANYWAY???  Wow, Liz!  Stop that shrieking! The show is good, the theater is beautiful and the price is right.  For adults.
5	The Gist:  Get the Travelocity 2-for-1 tickets when you stay at a Harrah's property.    With this, it's the best deal you'll find in Vegas!We've seen several comedy shows and various Cirque De Soleil shows in Vegas.  Each of these are pretty pricey $80 - over $100.    The man wanted to see a magic show for once, so what better, than to take advantage of the 2-for-1 tickets we got through Travelocity by staying at Paris.    Hands down, this show was the most entertaining and we technically paid only $45 a person!    If you want magic, watch Penn & Teller.  They take pictures with people after the show.  They're magic is not the cheesy, David Copperfield, kind either.    They do individual act with meaning.  Its hard to explain.  If you get the chance, watch it!
4	Previously in San Francisco I saw Penn & Teller's show and it was great. This comedic/ magician team have good chemistry, a good act, and interesting tricks. As you may know Penn does all the talking and Teller is more of a mute that speaks through actions. The show produced in Las Vegas is at the Rio in a dedicated Penn & Teller theater. The theater was large with nice lighting and comfortable chairs. We went on a Saturday night and there were plenty of seats available in the mezzanine. A jazz duo plays prior to and during the show and they were very entertaining.  The show itself was entertaining but since I had seen them before I remembered some of the acts. Some of which still made me think, "How did they do that?" Penn & Teller do an excellent job in engaging the audience. You have ample opportunity to get involved if you choose. I thought the show seems a little short. That could be for one of two reasons; 1) it was too short or 2) it was so good that time flew by. I really think it was somewhere in the middle of those two. After the show Penn & Teller greet the audience on the way out. They does this after every show. I remember meeting them in the street outside the theater in San Francisco. Nice touch. Overall, if you have not seen Penn & Teller, this is a good Vegas show to go to. You should not have problems getting tickets and it is not the most expensive show in Vegas, which is nice. If anything you will walk out of there wondering how they did it. Thanks Penn & Teller.
4	I wanted to first watch these guys for my bachelor party.  Why?  Magic is fascinating (and when I was little, I thought it was real).  I just figured everyone would've enjoy the show.  I was wrong.  My boys had other ideas for entertainment: bowling and poker of course -- and I'm sticking to that story.So I found it fitting my wife bought us tickets to finally see Penn and Teller.  Thanks babe.It was a great show.  The tricks they performed varied from the standard rope cutting trick to an intricately mind blowing final shoot out.  Regardless of what they did, I kept asking, "How'd they do that?"  My favorite act of the night didn't even involve magic.  It was a juggling exhibition with broken glass bottles.  The performance was prefaced by telling us how one small miscalculation would lead to gushing blood and an immediately to a trip to the emergency room.The build up was great and the tension exciting because people need to know there is an element of danger involved.Overall, the show was a nice mix of comedy and magic.Moment of the night:There's that time in the show when the performers seek out the assistance of an audience member.  And since we had some really good seats, I was afraid one of us would be chosen.My fears quickly materialized as Penn (or was it Teller?) approached us.  *rapid heart beating* How I wished I could make us disappear.Fortunately, he picked the girl sitting directly one row in front us.  *collective sigh*  Good thing neither of us went on stage since the volunteer got splashed with water at the end.
3	i always need to laugh and be distracted on november 4th, so i was very excited to see penn & teller. i've been wanting to see them for years. not really sure why. i hadn't heard anything about their show, i just found them hilarious whenever i saw them on TV. overall........i'm glad i got the 2 for 1 deal. full price would definitely not have been worth it. yes, i laughed a lot. yes, i was amazed by many of the tricks. (p&t even show how a couple of them are done......if you can keep up with how fast penn talks.) but i just found the show not long enough. it was barely over an hour. a few of the tricks were a bit long (like the fire-eating thing), so the total number of tricks was not very many. also, magic frustrates me because i can never figure out how the tricks are done. good thing i know a magician. you can bet i'll be calling him to tell me how everything was done. :) they do mention in the beginning that they're constantly changing their routine so you may see different tricks each time. i just couldn't help but wonder if they put on less of a show since it was a weeknight and the theatre was less than 1/3 full. get your souvenir book (which was free with my ticket) ready when you're leaving because p&t stand outside ready to take pictures and sign autographs. i got penn's autograph!
5	My wife and myself went to Las Vegas and had two planned shows to go to: KA by Cirque at the MGM Grand and Penn & Teller at the Rio. For KA, my wife was the fan and I was just going along. For Penn & Teller, the other way around.The first thing we noticed coming in to the Penn & Teller Theater at the Rio was a live jazz duo playing. The music was good, fitting the lighting and mood of a relaxed evening out. My wife spotted Penn on the standing bass right away, I did shortly after. We were let in about 45 minutes before the show, and the music did a great job filling the time.Once the show started, it was a very similar feel to their Showtime series. There was about an equal portion of comedy and magic, and as always the pair were quick to point out the basics of how many of the tricks were done. I have always appreciated the "it's not magic, just illusion" approach that Penn & Teller follow, and they were very entertaining in this way, having audience members come up to verify what they are doing and usually sending them off with a keepsake from the performance. In particular, the segment on the Constitution (up my alley for the political statement) and the goldfish tricks were my favorites. Also, the relatively new addition of a fire-eating female assistant made for a highly memorable "saw in half" trick. The very black humor of the pair has not dulled a bit.Afterward, as usual, Penn & Teller race outside to take pictures and sign memorabilia. There is no fee for this, and they always wait to see everyone. We got the VIP seats which came with a nice book about the men, the TV show and the Rio show. Each was signed by both men as well as our tickets. I got a photo with each, and both my wife and myself left very happy with the show.All in all, a fantastic evening's entertainment that doesn't break the bank.
5	This is one of the best shows I've seen in Las Vegas!! The 90 minutes just flew by as we were thoroughly entertained and educated. I just love how the show the secrets to some of their tricks. I was selected by Teller to be part of the act holding a paper cone that was filled with bandannas that were eventually turned to dust (sparkles to be exact). I was soooooo excited and just love that they do a lot of audience participation and interacting with the crowd. After the show is done, the duo rush off the stage to be prepared to greet each and every fan outside the venue. They signed autographs and posed for pictures (NO CHARGE)!! They were both very nice and down to earth and most importantly......humble to their fans.Another cool part of the show to mention is the live jazz music prior to the main event. Take a close look at who is playing the bass.....pretty cool!!Overall, this show provided a fantastic 90 minutes of laughs and feats of magic. I felt it was a great value for the price we paid. We were in the front row, but the view would be fantastic from any seat in the house. Also, Penn does most interacting with the mezzanine level. I highly recommend you check out this amazing show next time you find yourself in the city of sin!
4	Iwent with a friend who is a big P&t fan and loves Bullsh-t the show. So when i got him tickets it was on.We got our expensive drinks sat in the 5th row on the aisle. I'm been to a lot of theatres in town but this takes the cake. It reminds me of chocolate. lol. But it's true.GET THERE early if you are in the orchestra so you can sign the giant card! and theres awesome music in the beginning with penn on the bass. This show is a mix between mildly crazy to intelluctual stimulus to, i so want to be their assistant. :)can't wait to see it again.
2	A bust. Don't waste your $85 on this show while you are in Vegas. Better off putting it all on black, a much safer bet. These guys dont do anything really spectacular, except for boasting how spectacular they are. There were two tricks that were impressive with a whole bunch of crap filler in between that Ive seen before. If you think thats worth $85, then go for it, dumbass. Penn talks so fast about his trick that you dont even know whats going on, and for that matter, I think a good trick should not have to be pointed out, I should just be 'wow-ed'. Here, a lot of pointing out some really boring crap. Oh and they swallow fire on a stick. Thats not an illusion, just somebody putting fire in their mouth and closing.
2	WOW - These guys USED to be good. I saw them on Broadway 20 years ago and they were very entertaining. The magic was great and the show flowed and kept you on the edge of your seat. Not anymore.I honestly can't believe the reviews here, I got bored during the show, yup bored to the point I started texting people and writing a to-do list.The easiest way to describe their act is a one large arrogant loudmouth who thinks he knows more and is better then all of you. He then goes to explain that he knows more and is better then you and the people applaud and tell him he is so smart and better then them. Huh, I just didn't get it. The magic was lame at best, their comedy was lacking and the whole show was banal.I remember laughing my a$$ off in NY, being bamboozled by some of their tricks but now they seem like they don't care, they have a permanent show and making the big bucks so who cares what the fans think.What a huge disappointment.2 stars because they USED to be great.
2	The father-in-law wanted to see a magic show while we were in Las Vegas and since we've seen most of the other shows in town; we figured that Penn and Teller was the obvious choice.  Wrong...Within a very short period of time, it was obvious that none of us were really enjoying the show.  The magic tricks were okay, but I think we all got tired of Penn's endless chatter.  Once he explained a routine, it was time to end it, but instead he just prattled on and on.  For example, he does a routine with a nail gun.  After he explained how he did it, he should have ended the scene, but instead he choose to go on and on with it.  Yawn.There was also a "fire eating" scene which seemed better suited to a street magician than a Vegas stage show costing $85 a ticket.The monologs about psychics and patriotism were just not necessary to the show.I'm sorry to say, we didn't feel any sort of enthusiasm from the rest of the audience either.  The laughs seemed forced.When the show was over, you could have your picture taken with both of them, but we couldn't get out of there fast enough.As another reviewer said, "...these guys USED to be good."
4	Penn and Teller certainly get one thinking... and one of the topics is "Did I really enjoy the show?"  They are very personable, connect and mingle with the audience (playing the bass in the pre-show or when they turn up the house lights), and convey their continued passion for the craft.  When they supposedly explained how something was done, I anticipated that the point would be that they would then do something inexplicable.  Maybe I just didn't get it, but I don't think they added a confounding twist... maybe I miss that touch of slickness.  I want to be wowed in a magic show, and the fire eating, flag burning (obviously more flimsy than the one they had folded), nail gun, and newspaper tearing just didn't do it.  I guess Penn's tour de force rants make the show transcend your typical magic show; I loved catching a glimpse of his palmed ball of foil - you also glimpse his humanity.  I hope Teller isn't really mute... I think he was talking during the post-show photo-op... and does that camcorder bit mean we heard him speak!?  Penn's a great actor if that was scripted!  I guess I have to conclude that it was a worthwhile show for its blend of comedy, illusion, and commentary.  I wonder if they implanted a subliminal message about getting dessert afterwards (okay, he said it out loud).  Too bad we didn't look at our ticket stub because there was a coupon for free dessert attached!  The Rio is missing out on a huge money maker by not directing the departing crowd towards in-house choices.
5	I had a great time at this show. Our seating was excellent! They're wow-ed us with their tricks and made us laugh the whole time. After the show, they're also available for pics and autographs. It was really awesome to meet them!A must-do in Vegas!
5	This was first time ever seeing Penn and Teller and I am now hooked! Our seats were on the balcony, but if I could do it all again they'd be in the first two rows! There is just so much to see that could have been better seen if our seats were closer. This is definitely a show to see if your 18 and over. Not suitable for children whatsoever. I was actually shocked to see that parents brought their children. Overall the show was worth the money! Definitely would see it again!
3	Penn and Teller's show ain't the Holy Trinity of magic acts, but it can be described as a threesome: one part protracted Penn pontification, one part fluffy nightclub act, and one part singularly skillful sleight of hand by Teller. Like a successful threesome of a more carnal nature, it's well-choreographed and dependent on all involved doing the right thing at the right time, but somehow leaves you wishing for something more substantial.Teller is the little guy with the beatific smile that mutely prances around stage like a modern day Harpo Marx except that he pulls off amazing tricks (even after Penn has told you, in great detail, exactly what Teller is about to do). You can't help but love Teller.Penn is the big ugly guy with a single fingernail painted red who plays the bass and spouts off about a stockpile of pseudo-social agenda items whilst misdirecting the audience. He's the character most folks either detest or worship. I decided I'd be a fan after hearing him compliment a woman on her "ocular hygiene" whilst peering into her glasses. These same glasses shortly thereafter ended up on Teller whose head was in a block of concrete that Penn cracked open with a hammer. Note: I did Google the expression before writing this review and discovered he often bestows that compliment. I will say that he uttered it with bravura and made you sincerely believe it was completely extemporaneous.This duo have a clever shtik. Penn tells you they are going to misdirect you and skew your frame of reference. They then demonstrate how they're going to do it and then manage to surprise you anyway. Unfortunately, they take it a bit too far. I was yawning by the end of the show wishing they'd go off on another tack for a change.We were privileged to sit in excellent seats in the 2nd row and could see the whites of their eyes (although we probably should have been looking more carefully at their hands). I found the show fun, but not fantastic.
5	I can't believe I haven't written a review for this yet.My husband and I saw the show back in October on our honeymoon.  We are huge P&T Fans.  We watch Penn's video blogs, follow him on twitter, watch Bullsh*t almost religiously.  We really think that P&T are fantastic.  Neither of us had seen their show before and we were excited to be in the front row.  I won't lie, I wore a low cut top in hopes that Penn might ask me to come on stage and help with something.  But even though that didn't happen we still loved the show.  It was equal parts interesting, inspiring, hysterical and scary.  I can't wait to go back and see what new acts they put on!
4	If you like the sleight of hand type of magic and not the flashy David Copperfield type of stage magic and happen to find yourself in Las Vegas, you should go see these guys. Penn plays the double bass with a brilliant jazz pianist/their music director, Mike Jones. The 45 min. of pre-show music is quite enjoyable. The magic acts themselves weren't anything new, but seeing them live was nice, although I felt that Penn & Teller looked a bit tired and were just going through the motion. I guess that's understandable. I can't imagine doing the same act over and over on a daily basis for years. I was entertained, and since I agree with their overall political/religious views, burning the flag and their repeated reminder that they were libertarians didn't bother me.These guys are class acts. They give autographs to everyone and gives everyone an opportunity to take a picture with them. Now I really feel like I got my $$$'s worth!Oh, by the way, Penn hates lines. People lined up to get his autograph and the staff told us to gather around him and "fight" for his photo/autographs. It worked out for us. We were at the back of the line, but got moved up to the front of the line.As for transportation to their act, you can take the free shuttle from Harrah's on the strip. Oh, and they let you take your drinks inside the theater.
5	This is really funny!  And there is entertainment if you get there early!You can take a shuttle from Paris.  Be careful taking it back -- the line is long!
5	I expected a great show and I got a great show.  I was surprised that my girlfriend enjoyed it so much, I was expecting her to be on the fence about it.As a big fan of "Bullshit" their TV show, their political aspects in the show didn't phase me.....then again I am a Libertarian as they are.Great show, kind of sad that the crowd was smaller than expected.......recession is really hurting Vegas.  I recommend to all.
5	A great night that I won't soon forget. The show was overall amazing, the magic tricks were awesome, the atmosphere was great. What I particularly loved about the show is that it's more than magic. It's about the fact that Penn & Teller use magic to make a statement, like for example the flag-burning trick. Highlights are: The shadow of the rose, the flag-burning, the bullet catch,  the ball and cups and others.
5	As a fan of BS and pretty much most of their work in general, it was on the top of my list to see Penn and Teller while in Vegas. First off, there are several ways of getting better prices for the tickets, so do some shopping before you resign yourself to regular box office price. There are several places right on the strip that offer discounted tickets and sometimes meal combo deals. The Rio is actually a ways off the strip so if you aren't staying there or the Palms you'll need a ride. I found a free shuttle from Paris/Ballys to the Rio that ran every half hour or so. On to the show...the night started with a great Jazz duet and oddly half the audience was on stage. The pianist of the duet was inviting all attendants to inspect a large wooden box and sign a big envelope taped to an easel with the date of the show written in large black letters above it, obviously to prove that this was specific for that day and never previously used. Since sitting in the mezzanine level (plus a little tipsy from a massive margarita at dinner) we didn't head to the stage. The majority of the audience checked the box and signed the envelope and the lights finally dimmed. Penn came on to the stage and who should pop out of the  wooden box but Teller. The envelope was later used for another trick, but I won't go in too much detail about the show specifics. The show was filled with all the things anyone would expect of P&T. The illusions were great, the punchlines delivered perfectly, and when they decided to get a little political (P&T are staunch Libertarians) or controversial, they made their point without being heavy-handed or offensive. The only bummer of the show was the lack of turnout (only about 1/2 full) and some of the comments from people sitting around us. I assume the folks that didn't laugh or get some of the personal commentary probably didn't realize what kind of entertainers P&T are and were expecting just a magic show. (Speaking of "just a magic show", Penn made a stab at Chris Angel that had me crying I was laughing so hard). By far the best part of the night, and highlight of my week in Vegas, was after the show Penn and Teller headed to lobby and signed autographs and took pictures until the last of the crowd left. Teller is actually taller than I thought, but when you're standing next to 6'7" Penn everyone looks short. My wife opted for a picture with Teller and I with Penn. My best description of Teller in person is sweet...he's was such a sweet guy (and yes he did speak, even commenting on how much he like the museum featured on my shirt: the Mutter Museum in Philadelphia). Penn was also very gracious and patient with the mob trying to get a moment with him. He addressed everyone as Boss :) If ever in Vegas, treat yourself to this show. Regardless of personal differences you might have with P&T, they are masters of their craft and well worth your hard earned time and money.
5	This was the best show we saw in Vegas.  AMAZED.  We woke up the next morning still conspiring as to how they pulled-off some of their tricks.  I LOVE that they both go out in the hall after the show and meet people and sign stuff.  They are excellent performers and the best night in Vegas!
4	I agree with Su K.  I love Penn & Teller, I love their attitude, I love their worldview.  Penn is really funny, Teller is really cute, and some of their illusions are not just astounding, they are beautiful.  Of special note are the goldfish gag and the shadow flower gag.Also I love that they hang around as long as is necessary after the show for autographs, photos, chat, etc.But a lot of the illusions are older ones.  And they do seem to be going through the motions a bit.  Maybe it's me.But we had a great time, the theater is lovely, the Rio is fun.
2	Imagine one of the TV shows youve seen them on.  Now slow the whole thing down 3 times and you get this show.Just shoot the gun..........I dont need to wait 20 minutes for one trick!I really wanted to leave half way thru but the price kept me from doing so.
4	I enjoyed this show enough that I went back on a later trip to Vegas with my wife.She hated it.  She thought Penn was obnoxious and way too long-winded, and she didn't really care much for the magic tricks.I personally like his antics, and I like *most* of their tricks.  Some of them I could do without.  Penn's fire-eating, meh, I've seen fire eating before, big deal.I recall another skit with Teller playing the saxophone and making a piece of paper float along the stage... that looked extremely fake and not at all impressive.  Not sure what the point was.Juggling broken glass was so-so and involved a little too much ranting by Penn.The infamous double bullet catch is a little too longwinded, and when you're sitting a hundred feet away, it's difficult to be all that impressed.I guess this review *sounds* pretty negative, but as I said earlier, I enjoyed it.  I don't want to give away all of the *GOOD* tricks.
5	I'm a Penn & Teller fan, though not a die-hard follower, and expected to enjoy the show.  Like most of my first trip to Vegas, my expectations fell far short of the mark.  I loved it!  I laughed, I was pummeled with the realization that I was in the presence of two grand masters of a difficult craft, and was even slightly choked up as they reminded me that being a proud American didn't insist upon going with the prevailing political attitude.This will be a must-see from now on whether they change the show significantly or not.  Even if I already know how it goes, I'll be able to relish the expressions of amazement from whomever I'm with.
5	This is a very entertaining show, the tricks are very good and some leave you amazed at how they do them. Some tricks they even show you how they did it after they are completed. Also a really cool thing they do is go out in the hallway after the show and sign autographs and take pictures with everyone.
5	I came to this show having watched a number of episodes from the pair's BS! Showtime series, so I had an idea of what to expect. That being said, I enjoyed myself immensely. The blend of humor, illusion, deconstruction of tricks, honesty, and political commentary all really worked for me. I also appreciated Penn & Teller's seemingly endless reservoir of patience as they signed autographs and interacted with fans. I felt truly lucky to meet them afterward and have watched them live. They're worth every penny.
4	Their show was a pure class act. I was somewhat familiar with them from their show on Showtime and it was great to see them up front, but I had not seen much of their slight of hand. The theater was a little larger than some I have seen, so try to get a seat closer to the front.The pianist, Penn, and Teller greeted the audience after the show, which I thought was a great gesture of appreciation to the audience. I wish Georgie had been out there as well, as she was a part of my favorite act (not the fire-eating one, but another that I don't want to give away).
5	I loved the show!  Doors open about an hour before showtime so get there early for the live music (recognize the bass player?) and to go onstage to check out some items (when I was there it was to look at a box and to sign an envelope that were used in the show).  We booked early and paid a bit extra to sit in the front (2nd row) and the show was great from up front.  Some of the stuff they show you how it's done, others they tell you but don't show you, leaving you to wonder the whole time what is actually going on and then other times they just go for it and leave you thinking 'what the h-e-doublehockeysticks just happened?!?!".  The magic bullet trick is incredible and the fact that they hang out outside for photos/autographs just further shows the kind of guys they are and that they're not trying to put on a show but to give the audience an experience.  Well worth the money and the time.
5	This is by far the best show I've ever seen in Vegas. My husband and I splurged for VIP seats, and it was well worth it. We were in the second row, and I loved it. Penn and Teller are smart, funny, and incredible magicians. The theater is great though, I don't think there's a bad seat in there. The show booklet is great if you want a souvenir, it has each of their bios written by the other, "Penn by Teller" and "Teller by Penn."And after the show, they both wait around so that everyone in the audience can meet them. They'll take pictures, sign autographs.....it's great!Oh, and keep an eye out before the show when there's music playing, that's Penn playing the Bass.
3	I give this show 2 stars but my husband liked it better so we marked it as 3. We got tickets from half price ticket booth on the Strip for $53 per person and I am glad we did not pay more. I agree with most of the reviews that give it 2-3 stars. It was mildly entertaining at moments, but a lot of the time I was just wishing it would end. They would explain some tricks which was interesting, but they still wouldn't tell you how they really did it. But most of the tricks just lasted too long so by the end I didn't even want to know how it was done (eg. the bullet trick). They just seemed too simplistic...I am sure they are hard to perfect but they were visually unimpressive. To go to Rio you can take a shuttle leaving either from Harrah's (all they was in the back of the casino) or from Bally's/Paris.
3	So sad, too bad...I wasn't completely thrilled.  The show was ok, which is a bummer, I had higher hopes for these two dudes based on their television show and reputation. :(  I mean it was good/entertaining, but I would have been mad to pay for the tickets.  They do however, come out after the show for pictures & autographs with the 'little people'.  Penn called everyone "Boss" lolWe sat on the balcony and was difficult to see some of the tricks.  There aren't any TV screens.There was a piano & cello performance that started 1 hour prior to show time, which I didn't particularly enjoy.Hopefully, you'll like it better than I did.  Good luck!
5	We really enjoyed it!  It's funny, quick, no dull moments, lots of audience participation, I got to hear Teller talk.  I got pictures with them after the show, and man, Penn is tall.  You'll never guess who the "mystery bass player" is, wink wink.  The jazz before the show is worth hearing, the pianist, Mike Jones, is talented.  We got the tickets at the Rio, using our 2 for 1 discount, and were given good seats.  I wish Penn talked a little slower, he can be mumbly and it's hard to get all the jokes, but we were totally entertained, laughed, and enjoyed the wit and cynicism of the performance.  I'd recommend it, but get your booze on before the show.  10 dollars a drink at the bar is excessive.
3	Lots of hype about Penn and Teller, and after about 5 years seeing Vegas shows, I figured it was now time to see them, (along with prodding from a friend, of course).  I found the show entertaining, and some of the tricks were both beautiful and amazing.  The two are skilled at misdirection, start out with seemingly expose how tricks are done, and then totally destroy your expectations.  By the way, they start with a live jazz show, with a piano player, and a double-bass player.  Really nice, though the last song was a bit long.  Really nice virtuousic piano playing, but after a few minutes it grated on the ears a bit...A few parts dragged on, especially when the magic was being done on an audience member, and not on the audience at large.  At times I did feel a little preached to, but that's their prerogative.  It was not as overwhelming as some have said, though.  I was expecting a bit more from them, really, though.  Teller's quiet sleight of hand was a bit more impressive to me than Penn's constant banter.  I suppose I'd liked to have seen more magic and impressive illusions.  I still recommend it, just be aware you'll be more into their personalities than you are their tricks.
3	Pretty fun show!  Not sure I'd feel the same way if we paid full price for our tickets!  We happily picked up tickets at a discount spot! Hooray!  Sure, I was a little tipsy and we certainly didn't have VIP seats, but the duo was engaging and entertaining and we truly had a good time!  I'm sure sitting up closer would have made for an even better experience, but I'd definitely recommend checking out Penn & Teller while in Vegas!  Get your tickets from a cheap tix place.  My husband definitley deserved a stop at Penn & Teller after dragging him to the pricey "O" performance ;)  I thought the fact that they head out into the crowd after the show for pictures and autographs was super nice and sweet.  I don't get into that sort of thing, but ridiculously lovely for those who feel the need!  3 stars only because I don't know that I'd have been so keen on it if we paid more then $50 for our tickets.
5	I saw Penn & Teller once in college about 13 years or so ago. Recently saw them in Vegas and they were 10 times better - and they weren't shabby before!You always have to love their schtick and the magic tricks are just amazing. They performed their standard "catching a bullet" trick and I still can't figure out how they do it! I'd go again in a heartbeat.
5	Words cant express how awesome these guys are..... I've seen pretty much every magician in vegas and these guys are the best by far. They don't need fancy sets and sexy distactions to wow their audiences. These guys legit.The 90 minute show is packed with mind boggling tricks from start to finish. They show us how several tricks are done but still leave us wondering how the hell they do it. The show may be pricey, but believe me, it is well worth it.These guys are also classy enough to take photos and sign autographs for fans after each performance. When the hell do you see David Copperfield giving a rats ass about his fans? And Teller speaks after the show!!
5	When Penn & Teller first came to Vegas several years ago, I thought "well, this is cool but it will never last. They're literally 'too hip for the room.'" Thrilled to see they've not only lasted but thrived here, which is as much a reflection of the audience as it is of them. Penn & Teller are undoubtedly the masters of the magic arts, and while they do versions of the same tricks that many other magicians do, their versions are always smarter and have unique twists. They also have three or four truly unique sequences that are just remarkable. And when they deconstruct tricks, even better. You will smile as you leave--at least when you pose for a picture with them.
2	This show was okay.  I'm not a fan of Penn and Teller but the tickets were comped so I said to myself "self, why not the thing you love the most is stuff that's free."  I really enjoyed the Jazz music as people were being seated and the theater itself was beautiful.  I could have done without all the political talk and some of the magic was stuff I had seen before.  The fire eating was just lame, it was Penn and some cute blonde just stuffing it in their faces.  At the end of the day my tickets were still free, but I might have been a little miffed if I would have paid for this show.
2	The show wasn't worth the money I paid for. It had it's moments but again it was the lousiest show I went to in Vegas so far and I've been to 4. Also they overcharged me and did not want to refund my money.
5	I love P&T! The show was fantastic. Tickets are not exactly cheap, but you can find a decent deal online if you look hard enough.
5	I love this quirky and different magic act - you will certainly say "how did they do that?", when it comes to their signature bullet catch illusion.  The skeptic in me loved the poetic explanation of how the mind can be fooled when Teller explained by showing how a certain trick was done.  Highly recommended.
4	My boyfriend and I decided to check out this show the first night we were in Vegas after scoring some discount tickets. He'd seen it before but said they change the act often enough that he'd see a lot of new stuff. We were seated in the mezzanine, which was still close enough to see what was going on (though we weren't able to go up on stage before the show to check out the box). I love that with all the glitz of Vegas, this show is really kind of no frills and focused on the magic. All the tricks were very cool and occasionally mind blowing, and the show was quite witty as well. I was very glad I was able to see this show, and would totally recommend it to you, the person reading my review.
5	Oh my goodness, Oh my goodness!!! I have a celebrity crush on Penn in the worst way, so when my friend Maggie told me she could get me complimentary tickets to see Penn and Teller when I was visiting Vegas I did a happy dance and then gushed like a teenager (it wasn't pretty). She managed to get me tickets on a Saturday morning for a show that night (yes, I am aware that she's amazing and wonderful) and insisted that I thank Penn during their after show meet and greet, but we'll get back to that.Before the show even starts there is a wonderful piano player to keep you entertained.  I feel bad because I can't remember his name and one doesn't expect a tattoo-covered man to play jazz so you'd think I would have paid more attention. It's certainly worth it to get there early and give him a listen.The show itself is fantastic. There are still several tricks and slight-of-hand moments that I'm in awe of (the ball and hoop one is still driving me crazy). My friend Kadima felt it was a bit too preachy, but I didn't mind it at all. Hell, I read the politics part of the newspaper first so I'm used to FAR more opinioned rhetoric. My friend Kimmy adores Teller so she was quite excited by the whole thing. If you enjoy magic, mixed with social commentary, some slight-of-hand that is explained to you while someone is playing the stand-up base, well then this is the show for you. Definitely has a hefty helping of sarcasm and debunking of certain opinions of magic, which is also nice. Also, both Penn and Teller hang out after the show for a meet and greet and they stick around for every single person which is so generous. The wait isn't that long and when it came my turn to thank Penn. let's just say I was thisclose to jumping up and down and freaking out. I was shaking with nerves and my friends had to push me forward to give me the nerve to thank him. Let me just say he was so genuine and kind and it's hard to be freaked out around someone so nice. Overall, I'd like to go back and see the show again as they added in some new elements the week after I was there. Also, there's nothing like a celebrity crush to keep a girl going. Sigh.
5	Amazing show. We had VIP seats in the 3rd row. Well worth it to see the tricks done so closely. They were flawless. Very funny and sitting in front you can definitely participate if you want to. Ushers were helpful, got to sign the envelope before the show on stage and then afterward, met both Penn and Teller in the lobby, not rushed at all. Took several pictures and they signed the souvenir books for us. I loved and so did my 10 year old nephew.
2	I'm glad we got half price tickets.This show is fairly entertaining, the tricks are pretty basic (except, of course for their famous finale, I'm sure you've seen, involving bullets), my problem is with their approach.They basically "call out" anything metaphysical, which is fine, I'm a non-believer too, but the show is basically like this:"You know (name any fairly famous psychic here)?  Yeah he's/she's bullshit.  Everything he says is smoke and mirrors.  Here I'll prove it.  *Does something small involving a hidden camera* SEE!?Our tricks are fake too.But ours are better right?!"It seems to me if you're going to "out" magic or psychics, tell us how you did yours, not just in one shitty example.  Essentially they're asking us not to trust what anyone says....because Penn & Teller are telling us so.There's a little irony there.There's a funny bit which I really liked, involving a "perspective from a camera."Other than that, pretty entertaining but blah.
5	I loved their act when I saw it a couple of years ago, and I'm glad I decided to check them out again last night.The show has changed a little bit over the years. Whereas before they'd painstakingly explain every trick except for the finale, now some of their bits are more commentary & comedy than magic, and there's a couple things where everyone is in on the bit except for the person plucked from the audience. In other words, now you have to really pay attention to truly appreciate the show.This is easily my favorite show in Vegas. They've been at the Rio for almost 10 years and I hope they keep it going. It was great to see that they've kept it fresh over time. One thing that hasn't changed is the meet and greet in the theater lobby where both will sign autographs, shake hands, and pose for photos until the last guest walks out the door.
4	Got tickets for this show last night, I was pleasantly surprised, it was pretty good, I really liked how the bring people from the audience on stage. Their conservative views were very refreshing. They also make themselves available to everyone after the show, Good job Penn and Teller.
5	We saw Penn & Teller last year on our trip to Las Vegas. Let me just say - tickets are worth every penny! My fiance and I sat front row. I have been a fan of Penn & Teller for as long as I can remember - I watch their TV show Bullshit, and I've seen them on pretty much every magic special on TV. These guys are the best!I won't give away anything about  the show, just go see it! And as otherreviewers have pointed out, they do sign autographs & take pictures with you after the show, which I think is the best part! Celebrities never do that kind of stuff. They are super down to earth & lovable. Go see this show!
2	Was a fan growing up but was not impressed with their live show.  Though I didn't expect insane theatrics, I expected a bit more entertainment value.
5	The Penn and Teller show was great!  They tell you how they do the magic - sometimes they even show you the trick and still when you watch the trick you're thinking "How did they do that?!".   The music before the show was also terrific with Penn joining the pianist on bass.   I will definitly go back again but I'd like to sit closer to the aisle next time so I have a better chance of being part of the show.
5	My husband and I splurged on tickets last Saturday.  Best splurge of our trip.  I've always been a little "squimish" when it comes to their shock routines.  But I have to say, I do love their cerebral comedy.  Very smart.  Makes you think.  I love the "Bill of Rights" stuff.  I also very much love how they pull the audience into their show.  They seem like very approachable guys, and in fact, they spend a lot of time after the show making sure to talk to everyone, signing autographs, and taking pictures with friends and fans.  Nice guys.  I'm not one of those people who buys a program at shows, but I have to say that the ten bucks I spent on their program was probably the ten most well-spent dollars I "lost" in Vegas.  I'm still enjoying it a week later.  I've read it over a couple of times and find that I'm even more endeared to Penn & Teller than I was before.  They're brutally honest.  You just don't find that in the entertainment world anymore.  Thanks for a very fun, two hour "escape".
4	Most of the tricks in this show are very unique. I have not seen many of them before, and they were all memorable. I won't mention any of them however, because several of them are unexpected and are a delight to see in person. Be prepared to laugh, as they have a wonderful stage presence, and they interact very well with the audience. These magicians also involve audience members in several tricks. At the end of the show, Penn and Teller both stay around in the hallway, to meet the fans as they're exiting. I even took pictures with both Penn and Teller and they signed their autographs onto a program I had. It was a great experience, and I definitely recommend this show.
4	I always wanted to see this show in Vegas since it has been there for so many years so I watched it last weekend.The show lasted approximately 1.5 hours (9pm - 10:30pm). I was sitting in the mezzanine section (top floor) and some of their tricks are more suited for people sitting up close so I highly recommend sitting close to the front row if you were to see this show. I really enjoyed Teller's fishbowl trick and also the "camera perspective" trick with the cows. Some of their magic tricks rely on verification from chosen audience members (magic bullets, hot/cold readings) so those tricks kind of take away the amazement compared to if you were able to "see" the trick for yourself. Before I knew it, the show was over and I felt like I did not get enough action. Overall the tricks were cool and they threw humor into their tricks as well which made it more entertaining.At the end of the show as you leave, Penn and Teller greet audience members, sign autographs, and pose for pictures.
4	We were a bit far from the stage, so sometimes it was hard to see, but it was a good show and unique in that they were often explaining the tricks as they performed them, and yet you still often didn't catch on because you're busy watching all the things going on!  A bit expensive, but you may be able to find discounted tickets if you search.  They also wait outside the theater afterward, so you can get autographs and pics, which is nice.  Recommended.
3	Ehhh, I mean it was good. We got the tickets for free. I've seen a bunch of the shows on the strip. I'm glad I saw this one, but I would not go back. Nothing bad, it was just 'whatever'. It was not a snoozer by any means, but it did not have me on the edge of my seat, either.
5	This is the best show I've seen in Vegas. It's worth springing for the VIP tickets so you can get a good view of all the tricks. Try and get an aisle seat if you're open to going on stage. My husband and I are still debating how they accomplished the cell phone/fish trick and Teller's paper flower trick is fascinating and beautiful. I imagine people with short attention spans or who have their brains soaked in Red Bull and vodka might be dismissive of this show but if you're looking for something that is clever, funny and cool, this is the show for you. Penn and Teller greet everyone on the way out of the show and it feels good to see a show where no one is phoning it in.
5	I finally saw Penn & Teller, I have been a P&T fan for years and have always wanted to see them when I came out to vegas, but usually ran out of time, funds, or never made it over to the RIO. I brought a friend of mine with, I didn't know it but he knew nothing about P&T so it was pretty sweet to see someone who didn't know anything about the show watch it, whilst I got to watch it for the first time live as well.We got there early, the show "starts" at 8 with the Mike Jones Duo playing Jazz, the duo includes Mike Jones on the piano and Penn on the upright bass, I'm not a big jazz fan, but it sounded good. Also a surprise beers were only $5 in the P&T theater, I figured they would have been more.Once the real show started it was great, the fire eating bit in the middle was a little boring, but all the classics were there, Cup and Balls, A Ring Trick, Some Mind Reading, A great trick involving a hand held camera and a cow figurine, some great teller solo stuff, and of course the final act, Magic Bullets. It was hands down one of the best shows I have seen anywhere, their timing and patter are impeccable, they are working in new bits, and the crowd was on the edge of their seats most of the show. And I must say the opening trick is worth going to the show, I have no clue how they do it.I had seen many of the tricks done in their many specials or on youtube or other places, but seeing them live made me an even bigger fan! Huskerboy even said he really liked it and he's not a big fan of magic. I strongly reccomend if you are even thinking about seeing the show do it, I will be going again, hopefully in the & Section so I can see it better, our seats were in the Mezzanine, you could still see everything, but I really think floor seats would have made the show even better.
5	This was the best show of my life. 'Nuff said! I have been a huge fan of P&T, Penn's show "Identity" that used to be on NBC & "Bullshit" on Showtime. When a trip to Vegas came up, seeing these guys was the first priority.I was amazed to find Penn playing the upright bass before the show started with the Mike Jones Duo. The music made it seem more "classy" in my opinion. The tricks were great. They take people from the audience for some tricks, show how a certain trick is done and even do old bits from some of their older shows. Teller with the fish bowl trick was cute, the metal detector bit was great (bill of rights on metal card), the flag trick was thought provoking (since it was on 7/3/10 that I saw them)... The Magic Bullets was so phenomenal. I still don't know how they did it!I loved that they would hang out after the show and take pictures and sign any autographs after the show. They are probably the most down to earth celebs that I will ever have the honor of meeting. Adding the autograph of Penn & Teller to my scrap book was the highlight of my summer vacation!
5	Unlike a lot of other reviewers here, I was totally unfamiliar with P&T before seeing this show. And I don't share all of P&T's politics and philosophical outlook. Having said that, this show is extraordinarily fun and thought-provoking. These guys are fascinating to watch, giving you the unusual pleasure of enjoying the craft of magic as well as the art. Consummate performers. We sat close up, which I recommend.  Come early; the pianist, who starts playing an hour ahead of time, is excellent.As an extra treat, on the night we attended, the audience was invited to stay for a post-show taping of a special with Shaquille O'Neill. They were thoughtful enough to have an amazing juggler entertain the crowd during the inevitable waits. And after the taping, he and Penn engaged in a wacky juggling bout that felt spontaneous and good-natured. That performance won't be repeated, but at least I can recommend watching the special, whenever it's broadcast.
4	I really enjoyed this show - it was a mix of humor, suspense, interesting thought-provoking ideas and intriguing tricks. I enjoy their commentary and how they reveal some of the generic "magic" ticks. Penn's jab at Chris Angel had us laughing. I don't want to give anything away but it's quite a unique show - though my boyfriend said he had seen some of the stuff they did on their show before. No big deal, it was still cool to watch. We enjoyed all of the parts of this show and would recommend it to everyone.Like others have said, the meet and greet (at no additional charge) after the show was a spectacular touch.
4	My mother and I went to see Penn and Teller as a last minute filler for a very boring night.  I had seen P&T's show "Bullsh*t" and an old Comedy Central taping of one of their performances so I thought I had a fair idea of what their show was all about.  What I didn't expect was for the show to actually be intellectually stimulating and later discovered (not to my surprise) that they are poster children for the Libertarian party.  Although I do not share their philosophies, I left entertained and ponderous.  What was also enjoyable and unique about their performance was that they demystified every magic trick.  They would wow you with the trick, then wow you again by showing you how it was done.  Penn & Teller is a very disability friendly show.  The theater is large and there is a bit of distance to cover but the staff is friendly and will certainly help you out.  My mother was placed in a handicap seat with a very good view which is rather rare.  Before the show you are able to go on stage and investigate a box and write you name on a piece of paper (both of which are never used during the show) but the stage is not accessible to those in a wheelchair.TIP: The jazz band playing before the show is actually Penn and Teller.TIP: If you purchase the tickets at the hotel and tell them it's your birthday or anniversary they'll comp. you a free ticket or upgrade your seat.
5	I absolutely LOVED this show! It was funny and entertaining! I cannot for the life of me figure out how they did most of their illusions. We sat far up and we got to meet them afterwards and everything! It was spectacular!
5	Being a magician and member of the Magic Castle down in LA, I am VERY jaded by magic.There is a lot of shitty magic in this world. A lot of cheesy magic too. Don't get me wrong, I appreciate the dudes in the sparkly purple suits because they make normal magicians seem a lot more awesome.Anyway, this show was one of the best, most refreshing magic shows I've seen in a long, long time. REALLY well thought out, really impressive, funny, and entertaining.Worth every penny.Reviews of my magic: http://www.yelp.com/biz/magician-magic-mike-jacobson-los-angeles
3	We saw this show last night.  Penn and Teller are good magicians and showmen.  I love that they got a little political during the show.  The problem I have with their show is that the majority of the show is for a small audience and should be performed at a private party.  They have people from the audience read from books and you just don't know if they are plants or not.  If it was a small dinner party, you would know that no one is a plant.  If the people were plants, then there is very little magic at all.  Sawing the gal in half was the only trick that really worked for the venue.  Everything else you are just wondering if the people are part of the show.  We had great seats through gold star.  I have to say that I was somewhat disappointed.  If you can get discounted tickets, then go.  Otherwise, don't pay full price.  No need to be in the front rows.  There really isn't a bad seat in the house.  A great venue.
5	We go to Vegas about twice a year and have a tradition of always going to see Penn and Teller the first night that we are in town. In fact, I book my stays on whether or not Penn and Teller are performing. They definitely keep it fresh and even if you have seen them on tv or live, they will most like still do something that you haven't seen before. This show is well worth seeing in my opinion!
2	I've seen Penn & Teller in Vegas many times in many places. The first time was kind of magical. The second time a year later the show hadn't changed a bit. At the end of the show I made a card that said "I promise to have a new show next year" and palmed the text.. During the autograph session at the end of the show Penn signed it.. Then read it! I thought it was kind of funny. This years show indeed had some new acts that were great.. But at the same time had some of the same tired stuff from many years past. The stagecraft has got a bit slow and amateurish..  Two of the people we brought that don't know P&T really didn't get the slow meanderings of most of the show.The whole TSA thing was a bust for me as well. Showing people how to get a knife through security at airports is best for Showtime's  Bullshit not for an entertainment show in Las Vegas.I think it's time for P&T to spend some time, talent and money and make a show worth seeing for 100.00 a pop.
5	i saw penn and teller oct 11 , 2010 and so far this is my faviorte thing ive done in las vegas . the closer you sit to the stage the more likely you will be penn and teller's little bitch ( there next victim ). they pick people from the crowd. i was like oh no here comes teller ... but he picked some other people instead . if youre  a fan then go and see this really good show. its normally $ 84.00 plus tax and bullshit charges but i paid $ 13.50 because i took a time share tour at the polo towers. penn was playing jazz music at 8:10 p.m. it was good. the magic show starts at 9:00 p.m. and was 1 hour and 25 minutes long. at the end of the show penn goes running past everyone and waits outside so you can take pictures with him or teller.  they are loud and evil  and i finally got to see them in real life. hip hip horray .
5	I love the intellect that goes into a Penn Jillete and "Teller" productions. I have always been a fan since the Showtime series began and now with my first Vegas trip I got my opportunity to see them live.  I thought overall well paced and interesting show, but what others may see as dull I see as suspenseful.  Building up the scene and meanwhile I am trying to out think the trick before the trick is revealed.. I fail every time.  It feels like they invite you in on all the secrets of the tricks only to switch it around and show you were always being tricked the entire time.  They are masters of illusion and of your perception of magic.  Relax and ponder.
5	Definitely a good bang for your buck.  Not the most expensive show on the strip, which is plus and a couple hours of entertainment that won't bust your wallet.When we went, it was not by ANY means sold out or even close to it.  Comfortable seating.  They pick people from the crowd- my husband was one of them.  To this day, we still have no idea how they pulled off the "trick".  They even give you the props to take home with you, if you get called up there.They are the masters at illusion and were funny to boot!They sign autographs after the show and take pictures.A plus for some people: I would call it a family show, so children would have no problem having a good time.
1	We went in a group of 12.   A few of us were falling esleep during the show.   The rest tried very hard to engage.   Too much talking from Penn.   Worst show for me.
5	11.24.2010 9:00pm. Intelligent Show. Illusionists with minimal sets - they let the Illusions speak for themselves. They don't pander to the audience, they treat them as equals They promote their Libertarian views at some points in the show. Since I've Never seen a Poor Libertarian I would think they have a very lucrative contract. Great Content in the show - I did not look at my watch once. I loved the show.
4	Really great show. One thing that surprised me was how "clean" the show was. Definitely designed for adults, but I sort of thought that libertarian views and freedom of speech would translate into a lot more profanity. Kind of nice.I also didn't expect how sweet some of Teller's pieces were. The goldfish and the rose silhouette were surprisingly poignant. DIdn't care for the metal detector, because I didn't see anything going on there other than the political statement. At least the flag thing had a trick involved...Got a picture with both Penn and Teller after the show. Penn called me "boss" and I'm pretty sure it was completely different from the way he called everyone else "boss".
4	Definitely a GREAT time! =)Shock & awe and so much more!FUNNY funny and FUUUUNNNNYYYYYYY!LOTS of audience participation!They make themselves accessible after the show for photos and autographs.......who does that anymore!?!?!?=)Worth whatever money you spend on it!
4	I've been a fan for years... I actually bought "Play with your Food" a long, long time ago.  Enjoyed most everything until the last illusion.They must have done this bullet trick 15 years ago and its just not believable, making it something like absurd.Oh, OK the nail gun was absurd too.
5	"The magic is all in _____'s mind". If you're razzle dazzle glitter and lights, dancing girls in all the routines kind of magic then go see something else. This is such a lovely show where the dazzle is in the words, you light up at the humor and the tricks make your mind dance. I love that the whole premise seems to be showing you the tricks and point out their own bullshit, and then at the last moment they one up the trick and don't tell you how that was achieved. The feeling is very intimate, specially since its heavy in audience participation (and they let you keep the props!) and they kinda punk on the audience a bit which is always great. I love Penns political speeches which I think makes it hard for some people to watch if they aren't into that, but being into their personalities is half of the reason to watch them. I know some people who have watched the show, Bullshit! and didn't "get it" so if you're not sure, watch an episode and see if you're into it. The political comedy about the airports and amendment rights was pretty funny to me though and thought some of the shows moments ( like this skit with multiplying cows on a video camera) is damn funny. They rotate their classic tricks around and also try new tricks to change up the show. They opened up with a new cellphone trick that involves a audience members cellphone video camera and a helium balloon trick which might not be there the next time. I think it's great that they greet everyone after their show. No one does that anymore. Sure, they look a bit tired and indifferent (can't blame them too since it was the last show before their vacation), but their heart is in the right place in thanking fans even if they are headliners of a successful show and TV series.  It made me an even bigger fan after seeing them live and would encourage those who are fans or looking for a smart show to consider this show. I feel it's a must see- for the right kind of people.
4	After reviewing lots of shows, and having been to Vegas several times. We were looking for something new. I thought a magic show would be different and fun. I did some seraching and found a good deal on goldstar. It was about 30% off,.. I love a deal.The show was good,.. its very to the point without over the top stuff. I centainly appreciated the comedy about fufu magic and mind reading. It adds realness. My fiance loved the show, for me it was good.
4	Hey, not bad! I wasn't expecting much so there was a lot of room to be impressed, haha. I was pleasantly surprised! I originally wanted to watch a Cirque du Soleil show instead but the group I was with decided on Penn and Teller.I genuinely was shocked at how big Penn was in person - he's like a Viking! Haha...He is a smooth talker and seems extremely good at multi-tasking. Then again, he's had years to practice his craft and it shows! Teller seems kinda creepy but really nice too. I was surprised at how poised he is in all his stage stuff. This humorous and patriotic show was enjoyable and sometimes quite uncomfortable. Like the bit when they supposedly burn a flag or when Penn fires a nail gun into his hand - I'll let your imagination run wild. Most of the tricks were pretty amazing and slighted with adult humor. There was a lot to pay attention to with lots of audience participation, stage changes, monologues, and all that. It's certainly a show for people 18+ which is the way I like it! Haha :)
4	They are hilarious. Entertaining, fast paced show. I highly recommend it. Well worth the money. They even leave you wanting more.I have to hand it to them. Both Penn & Teller stayed until they signed every autograph and took photos with everyone who wanted one. They are great performers and terrific people.Penn cut his hair and donated it to "Locks of Love" for a RIO employee with cancer. He didn't put out a press release and seek to benefit from it. It's refreshing to see celebrities who are geniunely great people.
5	GREAT SCOTT! this is one of the best shows I've ever seen.pre-show: a jazz performance by Mike Jones on piano...and Penn Jillette himself on standup bass! the audience was also invited up on stage to inspect a wooden box which would be used in the show, as well as sign a piece of paper (which was involved in a later part of the show).the show itself? incredible. it's essentially a magic show that isn't - Penn explains how tricks are done, and talks about the fraudulency behind supposed magic/superstitious phenomena - and then before you know it, they've taken it to the next level, and Teller has instantaneously appeared on stage seemingly out of thin air, or there's a tank of goldfish that turn into pennies.there is a lot of audience participation involved, and a lot of comedy. no other act can seamlessly blend comedy and illusion like these guys.Penn's oratory skills are excellent. some parts of the show have a political bent to them - okay, I'm somewhat biased, my beliefs are very close to Penn & Teller's, so I loved every minute of it - but it's not overly preachy, and it's spaced out well.after the show, they will hang around to sign autographs and take photos. seriously, every last person will be taken care of. sadly, thanks to the flash delay of my camera and my friend's shaky hands, all I have is a shot of my feet and Penn's crotch.Arnold Schwarzeneger said "GET YOUR ASS TO MARS" in Total Recall. I say, "GET YOUR ASS TO PENN AND TELLER".
2	Is it because I'm spoiled and have lived in the entertainment capital of the world my whole life? I just don't see what all the rave is about. Here is my take on Penn and Teller.Penn and Teller have been doing their thing at the Rio for 10 years now. 10 years?! How many tricks can you come up with to keep it fresh for 10 years? The tricks evidently change up from show to show, so it is almost impossible to know what tricks they are going to do. Don't go there expecting to see a certain bit because it is likely that they won't perform it and you will probably be let down. I admit, it was somewhat comical and engaging, but for $150 bucks, they can keep it. $150 dollars can buy me multiple days of entertainment and food of my choice anywhere else. For me, it was just so-so. If you win the tickets or acquire them as comps, then yes, GO! If you have the opportunity, then at least see them once to say you did. Who knows, maybe they will do something that ooo, ahhhs, and blows your mind out of your skull.
5	Holy Crap Batman!!I've seen the show about 6 times now, and I'm always impressed.  These guys are hard working, and have a very definite style about them.  Teller (the one who doesnt speak during the show) does a great trick with a rose (flower) and a paper playing with the shadows.  Its ridiculous, but each time I see this trick I cry my eyes out.  Its so beautiful to me.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=un1pNtmYguAIf you have seen these guys on Showtime, follow them on satellite radio, or twitter you will want to see these guys in real life.  There are no other magicians in Vegas that will get a dollar from me.  Its Penn and Teller or nothing!Check the Rio's website often for discounts.  :)AND always be the last person out of the theater.  Heck wait to be the last, go to the bathroom then come out.  Penn and Teller meet and greet every single guest.  They will take photos, and sign just about anything.  And ladies, I hear Teller is currently single ::wink wink::
5	I could go on and on, but the main thing is that this show is fantastic, and worth paying for if you want to see magic. DO NOT PAY FOR CRISS ANGEL'S BS SHOW! IT SUCKS. My family made that mistake over the summer, but on January 9th we redeemed ourselves by seeing this one. It is worth it, plus if you go to the top of the parking garage you get great pics. (unrelated to the show though haha)My favorite part was meeting Penn & Teller, they are so awesome!
5	Out of all of the shows Las Vegas has to offer, Penn and Teller was the only non-Cirque du Soleil show that I really wanted to see. Thanks to the great local promotions that the Rio has been doing recently, tickets were 2-for-1, which made it too good of a deal to pass up. Just walking into the theater had me delighted. The employees were all extremely friendly and helpful. The decor was gorgeous, and our seats were surprisingly comfortable. I loved the Criss Angel jab, the political humor, Teller's adorable facial expressions and Penn's... Penn-ness. My favorite part of the show involved pennies and goldfish, I actually turned to my husband and had to ask "How the hell did he DO that?" What a fabulous show, it is easy to see why these guys are celebrating 10 years at the Rio! I would gladly go see them again in a heartbeat.
5	Wow, Penn and Teller have been one of my favorite acts for a long time. I remember going to one of their shows about 15 years ago in Reno. Their mastery of the magic arts as well as their ability to tell jokes, stories, and comment on today's political climate makes their shows one full of entertainment, laughter, and the wow factor. There were some tricks where they performed the trick and then explained how it was performed. That makes for great entertainment. They also do a great job of involving the audience members. My one favorite trick is when they shoot at each other with a gun through the glass window panes and they each catch the bullets with their teeth. I saw this act the last time that I saw them in Reno and man, it was still as fabulous as last time. The guys are very approachable and as with tradition, after every show, they run outside to meet with the audience to sign autographs and take pictures. I got both with them so, Penn and Teller, my hat is off to you guys. Keep up the great work and hope you guys continue your show for many years to come. It's great that you guys always come up with new tricks and bring some oldies but goodies out to the show to excite and delight us.
5	Great show! Stay later for pics with them. What's great about these guys is not the tricks but the dialog which is part of the tricks. It's part of the misdirection but makes it much more entertaining.
5	Great show, very intelligent humor, a very different type of magic show.They don't go for the "over-the-top" dramatic effects, but rather subtle yet still great magic tricks. Don't go in looking for something massive and dramatic.Very enjoyable, I would totally go again.
3	This show was pretty good.  Loved Penn on the upright bass for the pre show and the audience involvement was smart.  They did a really bad job at picking volunteers throughout the show.  Two of the people they picked couldn't understand English very well and ruined the tricks/jokes.  I am pretty apolitical, but the amount of political stuff in the show was a little overdone.  Penn also called everyone "boss" when he shook hands at the end of the show...That said, both Penn and Teller seem like genuine guys, the show was entertaining and I am pretty sure we'll go again.
4	Great show!  It lacks the bling of huge productions like Cirque shows, or even the glitz of David Copperfield.  But, I really enjoyed it.  It's mainly slight of hand stuff.  What I enjoyed most about it was that they show you kinda how they do it, and then they put a twist on it.Nothing fancy, just slight of hand, but you'll be impressed.  I was!Oh!  It helped that it was a buy 1, get 1 free ticket.  So, it was only half price.  We paid $90 for 2 people (inclusive of tax, fees, etc.)
5	Penn and Teller are amazing, this is a must see show. Even when they show you how some of there tricks work they still look amazing. They do a lot of audience participation, which is great. If they ask for a cell phone raise your and if you get picked they will record the trick on your phone. After the show they both will stick around for pictures and autographs.
5	These guys are great.  I'd highly recommend seeing them when you are in Vegas.  They are a fantastic alternative to the overpriced (but worth it) Cirque-du-Soleil shows on the strip.  One of those shows may cost you $120 a ticket.  We got our Penn and Teller tickets for about $60 each.Penn & Teller are more than just your traditional magicians.  They are exceedingly funny as well, and their show does a graceful job of combining the humor with the magic.  What I love about their show is that they set up many of their acts as if you, the audience, is going to be shown how the trick is actually pulled off.  But in the end, they always throw a curveball and end up pulling off a completely different, even more impressive trick than you were expecting.I can't say enough about how good this show was.  It is way worth it and probably one of the best values as far as Vegas shows go.  Check it out.
5	I absolutely did not want this show to end.  I've been a longtime fan of Penn and Teller on Bullsh*t on Showtime.I was mildly disappointed they didn't reveal the secrets to more of their tricks, but at the same time they did a wonderful job of making sure you knew that while some of the tricks they did seemed like ESP, they weren't.I would love to come back in a few years and see how the show has changed.  Highly recommended!
5	Entertaining! Bought tickets from the Half-off discount something tix.. or "tix 4 tonite"? i think...Wish the show was a little longer maybe... it lasted an hour and a half and was thoroughly entertaining. A lot of humor and a lot of interesting magic!
2	Honestly was expecting a bit more.  Saw them a couple months back.  They were lacking their usual gusto.  Also for the price of the tickets, you really need to fork up the extra cash and sit as close as possible.  The thing that really irked me was sitting in the Balcony Section and their were no monitors on stage?!?!?  You had to squint to look at their hand movements and basically everything.  Had the tickets been free it would have been ok, but for a family of 4, trying to make out what is going on the whole time, as well as the people around our section.  Very disappointing.They seem like great guys though.  Good attitudes after the show.  Really Appreciate their fans.  My score reflects the venues restrictions.
4	I really liked the show and enjoyed the honest takes on magic and how tricks are done. I feel like it was a little short but, I will see again.
4	I wanted to see Thunder from Down Under but the guy in our group gave me a dirty look and suggested Penn & Teller instead.The only negative thing is that because the show is at the Rio, you are forced to take a cab.  And cabs can be so hard to get at night.Anyway, Penn & Teller were very entertaining.  I loved that most of the tricks they did were very low-tech so you know that their magic is not in flashing lights or fancy sets.
5	This is a Vegas much watch!  My bf and I went to see this show originally as a third choice because all the cirque de soleil were sold out.   I'm so glad we watched them!  They are funny and amazingly talented.  I had never heard of them until my bf told me about them and we saw the show.  I don't watch TV much and don't have cable so didn't know who they were.  Loved it and highly recommend it!!!!!
5	I saw them a couple of years ago, and wanted to come back and add my support for the guys. It was a very good show, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Do you think you know how they did the Magic Bullet trick? You might think you know, but you're probably wrong.
4	I loved seeing Penn and Teller while i was in Vegas in November! As others have mentioned, considering how short the show is, it's  not worth it to pay full price. Get discounted tickets in the morning! (but remember that you have to exchange your voucher for your tickets at the P&T box office). The magic was fun and Penn's commentary was hilarious! and the best part is that they hang out in the lobby afterwards to take pictures with the audience :)
5	Such a good show!!  Would definitely recommend them to anyone.  :-)
5	Hands down the best show I've seen in Vegas. I saw them once about 2 or 3 years ago and was glad to see they mixed up their routine for the most part. Something they are just famous for and do so everyone can see. They let you know their views but they do it in a really fun way. These guys are great I can't say enough really, but what is amazing is they will sign every autograph and post for every picture. A must see!
5	This is one of the top shows I have ever seen in Vegas. Tons of audience participation, lots of laughs, great political statements, and great illusions. I think it is really nice that one of them come out after the show and take pictures with the people who came to see them. I will be back to see them again, from what they said, it sounds like they rotate their show quite often and are always adding new things.
2	This show is very tired and boring.  Penn's rants are also tired and boring.  Saw this show last night and walked out very angry.  Felt like it was just waste of time and money.  Can't believe all the great reviews, maybe I'm nuts I guess.  Everyone is so impressed that Penn & Teller came out after the show and signed autographs, I could care less, I wanted some entertainment and they didn't provide it.
5	They are GOOD! This is such a funny show fills with lots of magic.  My boyfriend and I love it! It is a must see show :-)
3	Not sure what's up with all the 5 star reviews on here.  I can't even give it that many and I had free tickets.  I thought that there would be more magic/comedy.  It seemed to be a lot of ranting from Penn about being a libertarian, the bill of rights, etc.  The magic tricks that they did do, however, were pretty neat.  I just wish there was more magic and less BSing!
5	My favorite Vegas show...These guys are awesome.  When the show started off with Penn saying something like, "We all know magic, like miracles and prayers... is bullshit", I knew I was in a fun evening.They don't try and make you think they do anything "magical", but they know how to do some amazing illusions and tricks and don't mind showing you how good they are at them.  I was entertained with their show and humor the whole way through.  They're debunking of physics and palm readers was pretty brilliant.After the show, Penn and Teller both just hang in the lobby and sign autographs and take pictures with people - it's a great way to spend part of a night in Vegas.  I'll definitely come back.
3	This was an entertaining and enjoyable show. Definitely my mind was blown on more than one occasion.  But, maybe its because Penn and Teller have been on television so much, or maybe it is because I saw them perform 15 years ago, or maybe it is because the show was relatively short, or maybe it was because we had to make the hike out to the Rio to see the show -- whatever it was the show left me feeling a bit underwhelmed in the end.  For $100 a ticket it seems like a much better value to see a huge cast doing acrobatics over a custom stage than Penn and Teller like you have probably seen them before.
4	Fun Show! They were funny, righteous, educational, and, of course, magical! Worth every penny.
5	This was a very good show; it was very I.terrain.I.g and delivered a good message at the same time. Penn and Teller are true to form, meaning they are the same as they are on Bullsh**.  I would highly recommend this show to  anyone visiting Vegas, will go to see them again you should too.
5	Mind. Blown.This act is brilliant. Penn and Teller are the perfect balance of comedy and magic. Their style is very unique. The show flowed well and was not too simple and not too complex, but just right!The show was simply magnificent. There are so many tricks that left us in complete awe. Each part of the show was different and memorable. Penn and Teller are a stellar combination. Penn's radiant personality and Teller's hilarious facial expressions add so much character to this production.We had central seats, but I think paying the extra $$$ to sit closer would be worth it in this case. The theater is huge, seats are comfortable. Sound and lighting play a huge part in this show. I enjoyed that Teller came out off the stage and into the audience at some points. It's a very interactive show and therefore made it even more entertaining!The meet and greet with Penn and Teller after the show was a little crazy with fans pushing through to get to each of them, but definitely worth the wait as they signed autographs and took photos with both myself and my sweetheart.We would go back to see them again without a doubt. You must check it out!
5	Absolutely loved this show. P and T are genius and the mood in the show is awesome.
5	Had the opportunity to see P&T last weekend when I was in Vegas for a training conference. Two words OUT STANDING!Let's face it... I don't believe in magic. I do think magic shows can be entertaining but most of them are hard to enjoy because you feel like they are trying to convince you that THEIR magic is real. P&T show you how they do many of their TRICKS and amaze you with all of them. We did get our tickets through a discount place so we were in the balcony. Of course it would have been nicer to be closer but our seats weren't bad at all. Definitely a must see.
5	Absolutely love this show. Quirky, semi politically incorrect humor but very hilarious! We had central seats and got them on a whim, a couple of hours before the show. My mom and I originally went to the central box office at the Rio to purchase tickets, where the lady told us there were almost no good seats left, and also to watch the tv show first because we'd be in for a shock. And when we admitted we'd never seen him on tv or heard much of them other than advertisements she did her very best job of convincing us not to purchase tickets or give 30% off of good seats. Um. Seemingly strange to me. Lol. Anywho we went to another box office on the first floor near Field of Dreams, and the younger gentlemen gave us a sweet deal on great seats. I do agree, that paying the extra $$$ would be worth it in this case seeing that most of his show is interactive, and mostly uses audeince participation as evidence that their tricks and props are everyday items. They opened their show with (their newest?) a phone trick. However, I won't spoil the rest!! :) I loved how Teller came out into the audience and aside from two gross tricks, (maybe I have a weak stomach?) it was awesome. Penn and Teller come out at the end of the show to meet and greet and also as photo-ops for the audience. He is also outrageously tall but you prob already knew that. Lol.
5	This was our favorite part of our Vegas trip! I bought the tickets from a Vegas deals website for half price, but the hotel had trouble bringing them up. After some time, we got our tickets just fine. The show was great- we really enjoyed it, but we are also huge fans of their TV show Bullshit. Penn also performed some jazz before the show that we enjoyed. The best part was AFTER the show- Penn and Teller waited in the lobby to do autographs and pictures with everyone who wanted to meet them. We got our pictures taken with them and their autographs. They were very friendly and talkative- even Teller!
5	I have seen plenty of Vegas shows....this ain't Cirque du Soleil.... and it's not cheesy Chris Angel (whom I did see last year). It's Penn and Teller and they were awesome!  If you are looking for anything short of their sarcastic magical moments, then don't go. The show is performed at the Rio hotel, which is not located directly on the strip. It is about a 5min drive (with no traffic) but the hotel has shuttles until very late running to and from the strip.  The show description promises revealed secrets to many popular magic tricks. And, while they don't lie, they also added to these trips after revealing the "secret" that still left you mind blown.  Pro:FunnyMagicMusic before handPlenty of audience participation Reasonably priced tickets ConShortOff strip location
5	What a fun show!  I didn't know what to expect.  So I can say it was a very entertaining surprise.  With overt, covert, and deceptive "magical" illusions, and some political overtones, the ninety minutes flew by.  This show, in my opinion, is a great way to start the night.  Or end it.
4	Funny and inexpensive, worthy to check out!
4	I love this show. They change it up every so often. The Rio has a pretty nice theater.The show it self is always entertaining. Be sure to go up and sign the book to be part of the show. It's not to late. If you go, you'll know what that means.As others have said, Penn is playing the bass before the show. After, Penn and Teller are in the lobby for photo's and autographs. Very cool.If you like P&T, you'll like the experience.
5	Great show! They change it up every so often. The Rio has a pretty nice theater but it's far off the strip- cab ($5). In the beginning go up and sign the book to be part of the show. They've got some awesome acts including my fav. the goldfish trick. As others have said, after the show Penn and Teller are in the lobby for photo's and autographs. Very cool.Def a must see show!
2	I'm a big Penn and Teller fan. I love their TV specials, their "Bulls**t" show, and Penn's outspoken faith beliefs. I was really, really looking forward to going to their show -- especially considering the price was pretty high.I was really disappointed, though. I'd seen half the tricks on TV before, and a lot of them really weren't very spectacular. I think there were, maybe, five or six tricks in total. Read that again: There are only about five or six tricks in their whole act. The rest is "patter," as magicians call it (chatter). One trick, a pretend mind-reading trick, lasted about 20 full minutes. I mean, it came with a good message about not believing TV psychics, but honestly, for $95 per seat, I expect more than six tricks.I felt ripped off and, remember, I was a big fan.P.S. One bonus cool item -- as you're getting seated, Penn is on stage playing the bass.P.P.S. If there's a big box on stage and they're inviting people up before the show starts to go look at it, keep your eyes on the box and don't take your eyes off -- even when the show starts. Amazing little trick.
5	As good as it gets. Great show. Tons and tons of crowd interaction. I love Teller's shadow performance. It's very beautiful. Very appreciative when it was performed. If you are in Vegas, this is a MUST. And Rio is wonderful, far from the strip, but a nice hotel. Friendly staff that helped us find our way to the theater.
5	I AM BIASED. These guys are my heroes. Fortunately, seeing their show didn't change that... It solidified it. They are so entertaining. I know they keep saying, "There's no such thing as magic," but I've seen their show! To that I say, "Oh yes there is!" The fact that they're down to earth enough to meet everyone after the show and that they don't charge $400 a ticket is so cool. Would see them again and again. Good live music and excellent seating. We were in the third row off to the side and saw everything easily. They are very engaging and make everyone feel like they are a part of the show.Btw. To the people that didn't enjoy the show because of the politics... Do some research on an act/performers before you pay to see them. Everything about all of their performances (including on TV) is political. Celebrities abuse their fame. At least P&T are entertaining when they do it.
5	This is a must see!  Very funny and their magic will blow you away!  Out of the 15+ shows I've seen in Vegas, this is the best.
1	Wow, was I disappointed.  I saw them at the NJ Performing Arts Center and was in the 2nd of 5 balconies.  Many of their acts are not balcony friendly as we were simply too far away.  Perhaps 25% were entertaining, but at times I was struggling to stay awake.  It was definitely not worth the money... $225!  Sunday on the coach watching a game would have been much more enjoyable.  In short, I thought their show was dated and weak.
4	I had no clue who these characters were but I tagged along with a couple of girlfriends and I truly enjoyed it. It was entertaining, funny and they did magic. Any seat would be fine as the theater is intimate and you can easily see what's happening on stage.
5	My boyfriend is a huge fan of Bullshit! so there was no question as to what show we were seeing on our first trip to Vegas.I wasn't sure what to expect, from what I knew from watching him watch the show, I assumed it'd be snarky, political, crude and funny. I didn't really give a thought to the fact it'd be magic...It was great! Yes, it was political, yes they "burnt" a flag in representation of the right to speech, but I adore that they literally told you how they did each trick, sometimes even SHOWED YOU the secret tricks and reminded you all the time not to get swindled or fooled by the "magicians" and psychics on the strip, since it's all, as they say, bullshit.
5	Being a fan of both P&T and of Bullshit!, this was my absolute must-do for a recent trip to Vegas.Don't expect a lot of stage splash - the music, lights, fog, etc. These two really don't do it.What they do however, is both more entertaining and more clever - they very nearly explain many of the tricks, leaving you a little room to wonder. I was enchanted from the get-go.Come in expecting about 1/3 tricks, 1/3 explanation/comedy, and 1/3 political commentary, and you're gold.one thing i'd recommend different then a few others, don't rush out from the show. instead wait about 20 minutes, *then* go. P&T will autograph and take pictures after the show (separately though.. would have loved one photo with them both, but alas...) if you wait a bit, the crowds will thin out, and it'll be much easier to get to them. They wait until everyone gets an autograph/photo that wants one.
4	Having known a few of their older routines from TV and general culture, there were a few little lulls in the show when you kind of knew what was coming.  At least half of the tricks were delightful, and they have the nice trick of distracting you with a little dense concentration (sometimes which glazes your eyes over) which allows them to suddenly pull one over on you.  A little talky compared to most shows, but it reflects their approach to the magic show.  Lot of audience participation, mostly in the front.   I accidentally thought we could walk to the theater: warning, its really far, take a cab!   Hellish trying to get out with the crowds and taxi line.   Worth seeing on a trip to Vegas
5	They were awesome!  Certain things made them stand out to me.  It was not the typical "I'm the star---you're the audience" type of show.  They treated the audience well and involved them the whole time.  Their comedy routine combined with unique modern-day magic was awesome.  Penn's dry humor and Teller's great acting make them a star duo.  In addition, they met the audience after the show and took the time for autographs and pictures.I highly recommend their show!
5	Went using the buy one get one ticket offer from Allegiant airlines and had a wonderful time.  This is worth seeing and paying full price for.  Still trying to figure out how everything went down and if I go to Vegas again I would return just to try and figure it out!! (But would fail anyway) Oh, and don't try to walk here, take a cab.
5	I don't have anything to add that hasn't been said before, but loved the show. Penn & Teller are awesome! And they both stick around after for autographs and photos, which makes them even cooler.
3	I guess I was expecting something a little more...grandiose? Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the show, but I guess I should have done my homework on the type of magic Penn & Teller do before I went. Their stuff is basically a lot of sleight of hand, which is very interesting, but I think suffers when being showed to large scale audience. I don't regret going to the show, but  probably wouldn't pay 100 bucks to see it again.
5	These guys are amazing illusionists, especially Teller. What Penn lacks in illusory skill he more than makes up as a raconteur. The tricks were amazing, funny and enlightening and a good Criss Angel jab is always welcomed in my book. Got to meet P&T afterword, cool guys. You'd never think it, but Teller is the more talkative one. o_O Got them to sign the 3 of Clubs out of my Tally-Ho deck. If you're going to be in town at the end of December they do a blood drive for free tickets.
5	Great fun - also one of the few shows available on Sunday.  Put it on your short list of things to do in Vegas.
5	This show is awesome. I loved it. I really can't say anything more than that. It is an awesome show and every person should go see it if in Vegas. Awesome.At the end, when everyone walks into the lobby, Penn & Teller are waiting to sign stuff and take pictures with people. They are awesome guys.****Check out--- "Night of the Living Dead" Google it, YouTube it, look it up.****
5	Simply put Amazing!!!!  The way they encourage free thought in there act is inspiring!!  Its a must see!!
4	I love Penn & Teller and they put on a great show. I've seen it twice and it doesn't vary much but they seem to try to add new stuff as much as they can. I love Teller's goldfish trick and glad they don't tell you how they did it. It's also educational a bit as they show you the secrets behind a few of their tricks which I really enjoyed. Yes Penn does rant a rave a bit about political stuff but he wouldn't be Penn if he didn't.I only dock it a star because I think it's a bit over priced. Especially if you don't get a seat somewhat close to the front. Btw look for Penn playing the bass to your left when you go up on stage to sign the envelope. You get to meet them in the lobby after which I think is really cool given the fact that they don't have to do that. Very nice guys.
4	I think I appreciate them the most because they spend time after with people for pictures and autographs.  As for the show, the 90 minutes go by quick.  It's entertaining and funny.  I would probably see them again if I'm back since they do promise updates to their show as they get new ideas.  They didn't pack the house the night we were there so our discounted tickets go us fairly close on the bottom and near center.  Tickets were about $60 each for us.
5	If you're going to see one show in Las Vegas, make it Penn & Teller at the Rio.In reading some of the show reviews, you might get the impression that they give away the secrets behind all of their illusions.  Not so!  Penn & Teller are very careful to differentiate between "magic" and "psychic power" (non-existent), and "illusion".  When they do give you a glimpse behind the scenes to certain tricks, they do it to empower the audience to recognize unethical tricksters who like to prey on the unsuspecting.I've never been to a show featuring the level of audience interaction Penn & Teller utilize.  They brought in random audience members to support at least half of the performances.  This lent a tremendous level of excitement and authenticity to the evening.The show features something for long-time fans and newcomers alike.  They mix in a good amount of classic routines and new material to keep it interesting for everyone in attendance.As others have stated, they always make themselves available for photos and autographs in the lobby after the show.  They are personable, fun guys to interact with and this was the highlight of the evening for me.A note about Rio: it is pretty far off the Strip so you don't want to walk it.  There are free shuttles that run every half hour between the Rio and Harrah's / Paris.  This is a nice alternative to forking over money for cab fare.
3	I had high hopes for this show but was not impressed. I was assuming they were going to demonstrate how tricks were done but this was not the case. They mentioned most magic shows have people planted before tricks, which is probably what THEY did for all of their tricks. PS. I liked ordering beverage drinks in the casino because the requests are taken from ambassadors and not the cocktail waitresses. This makes ordering drinks more efficient. Ambassadors are not allowed to take tips so you are not forced to tip the waitress if you are down on your luck,
1	terrible. I mean, terrible. unbelievably slow. Penn spent time ranting about libertarian politics. There were only about 10 tricks, some of them took 20 minutes, most of them hokey. All 4 of us fell asleep at some point. Leaving the show, the audience looked depressed. Vegas is famous for ripoffs: this one maybe the biggest
5	I have seen a lot of magic shows and this is he best one I've ever seen. Penn & Teller are true students of magic and theatre and it shows. While they may refer to what they do as 'tricks,' they are much more like mini-plays. Each routine tells its own story.If you want to be wowed by large props, bright lights, smoke and loud music...then this show is NOT for you. If you want to be truely amazed and learn something at the same time, then thi sshow IS for you.The theatre was nice but no over the top. The jazz music before the show was very good. Penn and Teller also stay after the show to take pictures and sign autographs. One of the best shows in Vegas!
4	So I know nothing about Penn and Teller except one doesnt talk and they are based out of Las Vegas. I also know that had a show on a cable network that I have never seen. With that being said, Hubby and I wanted to see a show in Vegas and did not want to break the bank so we saw Penn and teller. He is a fan so I tagged along. We went to the Half off ticket booth early on a Tuesday and purchased tickets for the show. We saw the 9pm show.. I must say they started before 9pm, maybe about 8:57 or so, so do not be late. The show was REALLY good. I enjoyed it, from beginning to end. They have a lot of audience participation so if you are interested in being chosen get floor front area seats.  I actually can only remember one trick they actually explained and it was interesting. The time does go by quick because they show is good and funny. for someone that doesn't talk, that Teller is a hoot!If you are in Vegas for a couple of days and you have some time for an late show, check them out. Arrive on time and I think it would be best to go to the Tickets 4 tonight discount and get them cheaper.  I love saving money. I took one star off because it was good, really good, but not SUPER GREAT!
4	I was skeptical and unexcited on the way in, but it was worth the $60 we paid at the Tix4Tonight booth in Vegas.     Very funny & fascinating tricks!   My family & I walked away confused & entertained.   The only issue is- it's at the Rio, off the strip.  A free shuttle bus runs every 30min or so from the north side of Bally's.
4	Being a huge fan of the show Bullshit!, I knew exactly what I was getting into. Penn and Teller are huge Libertarians and will let you know of that first hand. They  however will not "force" their views on you, but mix a bit of politics, comedy, and magic.The line to the show wasn't too bad. It moved steadily till you make it inside the lobby area. Inside you'll find a bar, stairs, and a bathroom.The bar lines are a bit long and take a while. Since most people pay with their cards it took a bit of extra time. Our bartender kind of gave us the dirty look when we paid for our drinks. If he had stated the total, we would have paid in cash. The drinks displayed in the back for bottled drinks is misleading. They show a 20oz Aquafina bottle for $4, yet when you get your water, it's a 10oz bottle. What a bunch of BS. Complete bait and switch.We sat in the upper level section 4 area. The view was great and the theater was surprisingly not as huge as I would imagine.There was a jazz pianist playing there at the time, and a huge crowd of people on stage. Apparently there was a big wooden box that you could sign your name on. Or envelopes.. Not sure, but there was some cool factor if you want to check out the stage.When the show was about to start, the Pianist announces Penn and Teller on stage.Penn makes a great effort for their presence to be known and makes you laugh. Teller will be comedic in his own quiet ways. Each trick had great dialog and explains what you were about to see.I have never been to a show where there is a lot of audience participation. Whether your one of the luckier few that sit on the floor or higher level, you will get a chance to participate. I would say almost every other trick they had, there was a random audience member that got to go up on stage or from their seat. They did it fairly and basically did boy/girl/boy/girl method. So it wasn't just biased to extremely attractive ladies from the audience.I paid only $64, but would have gladly paid more if needed be. If you love the Showtime TV series, you will absolutely love this show.After the show, they run off the stage and out the entrances, to be later found giving autographs and pictures with the fans. How awesome is that?
2	I really don't understand all the positive reviews.  I really don't.  Let me preface my review by saying that I've always liked Penn and Teller, but this didn't do it for me.My scary future in-laws were in town.  They are simple people with simple tastes, so they really wanted to see a magic show.  Fine.  When they got a coupon for half-off this show, I was a little concerned that it would be too abstract for their tastes.  Little did I realize that I wouldn't even like it myself!  Every trick took for-freaking-ever to do.  Sometimes I just wanted Penn to shut his pie hole and do the trick rather than talking it to death.  We weren't very far away, but I still had trouble seeing.  I can't imagine how bad it was for people in the balcony!  Sometimes Penn spoke so quickly and quietly that I couldn't even understand him from our distance.  All in all, I felt like the act was lacking the usual Penn and Teller energy.  I can't describe it, but something was "off".  Maybe they've been doing this too long and they're sick of it.  I'm glad we didn't pay full price or we would have felt more cheated than we did.  Definitely the most disappointing show we've seen.
5	Great show!! But don't pay full price! Penn talks a little too much and is a bit of a mumbler so kinda hard to understand and lose interest when he goes on and on.....only part I didn't like were their political views on TSA and being searched before a flight....sorry guys but we were attacked and a lot of people lost their lives....if u dont want to be searched and feel like your right number 4 is being taken away...then charter your own plane and stay off commercial airlines!
5	Penn & Teller are amazing and this show is fantastic.  I've been a fan for many years.  I remember their movie Penn & Teller Get Killed.  I watched their show Bullsh!t.  On my first trip to Las Vegas I finally had the opportunity to see them live.The show runs roughly 90 minutes.  Many of the acts require a participant from the audience.  If I recall properly they all left with a token of some kind from their time on stage.  They even show you how a few of the tricks are done.  After the show Penn & Teller hang around outside the auditorium to sign any swag you have and take pictures.  You might even get to hear Teller speak!I was at the show this past Sunday (May 6, 2012) following the conclusion of the Libertarian National Convention.  It made the show all the more special because Penn & Teller are fellow libertarians and make several references to their beliefs during the show.  At the gift stand you can even purchase our beloved Bill of Rights on a little metal plate you can take to airports and whip TSA into a frenzy.  The price of admission was nearly $100.  No small sum to me but well worth it at the end of the day.  Even the under $25k per year crowd deserves some fun.If you enjoy comedy and magicians without all the pretentious b.s. you will have a blast with Penn & Teller.
5	A must see. You can see why they have Risen to the top of their profession. Funny, and truly entertaining. Go.
4	I am not a huge magic show fan but my boyfriend is so on our trips to Las Vegas, we always make sure to see one. We planned our trip around the dates that there were available and I'm glad we did. This is definitely a magic show for anyone, not just a magic show fan. Honestly, I considered giving them a 5 star review but my boyfriend wasn't thrilled and so I don't know how magic show fans feel about them. They're gimmick is that they explain how some of their tricks work and even let you go up on stage before the show and check out some of their props. This is what I liked so much about the show because I am anxious/curious and liked being both amazed and informed. I'd definitely recommend the show to anyone considering! If only it was in a better location...
5	Started with the jazz duo of Penn on Bass and Mike Jones on Piano. Two shows for the price of one.Well worth the discounts price (and more) we paid for the tickets. We constatntly asking ourseleves "How did they do that?". I suppose the actual tricks took about 2/3 of the show and the patter the rest. Well balanced and a true low key pro presentation. We both recommend the show.
5	This is a great show...they make you feel as though you are a friend over for some fun and games...well worth the money!!
4	Great, fun show, with their "signature" trick, firing guns at each other with something happening - don't want to spoil it.  Banter was funny, and you get to meet them after the show.  Really cool experience.
3	Love the show, Penn and Teller are great. Hate the Will Call system!!!!!!!!! We waited over forty minutes to pick up our tickets while two people worked. One was on the phone almost the full time, so that left one person to get through a line that stretched clear across the lobby. Finally the manager came out and helped out the last ten minutes before the show started.Most Will Call in Vegas is a simple pick up the ticket and go. Not here, you are in the same line as those purchasing and they are selecting seats while you wait. Very bad business. I am a huge Penn and Teller fan, but I have better things to do than in wait in a long line for tickets that were already purchased. I doubt I will see their show again unless we can somehow get tickets beforehand. Moral of the story, get your tickets when the Box Office is open so you don't get in the mess we did.
5	So I pretty much have to give the show 5 stars because Penn chose my son to participate on stage in one of the tricks. It was a thrill for my 14 year old. And the fact that he was able to get pictures and autographs from both Penn & Teller after the show in the lobby (they do this for all audience members) just made this the most perfect evening.  The show was great too. I have 2 sons (14 & 19) who both love magic and really enjoyed the show and the tricks.  They were amazing and we discussed all night , " how did they do that?". Also enjoyed the balance of tricks they let us in on the magic & those that left us scratching our heads.
4	It was a cerebral and lightly political but Penn was good and Teller was just as good. I didn't know Teller was that good of a magician. Not as flashy as we thought but worth the money!
5	I went to this show because I got 2 free tickets for donating blood. I went a few days before the show I wanted to see and picked up the tickets with my comps. When I got there for the actual show I waited in the line with everyone else who had already got their tickets to get into the show. The line went super fast - maybe 3 minutes once they opened the doors there were probably a 100 or so people in front of me. U have assigned seats and for my free tickets I had wonderful centered seats since I went a few days before and got pretty much first pick in where I wanted to sit. The show itself is pretty awesome. I had low expectaions though. I knew my Hubby was gonna love it but didnt think I would enjoy it as much as I did. Its like a comedy/magic show....whats not to love!
5	My Yelp friend Norm K. had an extra ticket, and was kind enough to invite me to go with him to this fine show.  I have always been fond of magicians (saw Lance Burton's magic show 3 times, David Copperfield, Melinda at Lady Luck decades ago, and numerous other magic acts, including some shows at the Magic Castle in Hollywood as a guest of my brother).  But I had never seen Penn & Teller perform before.  I expected them to be laid-back, and they were.  But their show is classy and the tricks are very, very smoothly done.  While Penn Jillette is an obvious extrovert, and verbally sets up the duo's tricks, Teller exudes a refined reserve, and emanates sweetness.  But both magicians effortlessly pull off spellbinding tricks directly in full view of the audience that seem like they couldn't have been done--like making whole persons appear and disappear without the aid of a locked box.  And, with rolled up sleeves Teller is often an alchemist, making coins out of water, fish out of coins, and tea from out of nowhere.It was a great, well-paced 1-1/2 hour show delivered in a comfortable theater-like setting, complete with a large balcony, where all sight lines are good.  Audio was crisp and loud, and special lighting was put to good effect.  Acts featured suspense, palpable danger, surprise, beauty, a significant amount of direct participation by audience members, and much humor to punctuate the magic with artful comedy both by word and deed.And, right after the show, in the theater lobby both Penn and Teller separately posed for noncommercial photographs with members of their audience, exhibiting what appeared to be a genuine willingness to remain as long as needed to send everyone home happy.  I thought this was a nice final gesture from two very professional magicians with heart who are masters of their craft and clearly deserve every bit of their abundant fame.
5	I saw Penn &  Teller last night for the 5th time and I thought it was the best show I've seen them do!  The show moved smoothly from one illusion to another and Penn has learned how to limit his narration so he doesn't talk too much.There are a few of the old favorites--the concluding gun trick, Teller's flower routine, and the "mind reading" part.  There are several new illusions and I was glad to see them.  This is what I like about these two guys.  They always do different things so the show is a combination of older favorites and newer illusions.And, if you go now, you get a chance to hear Teller speak--sort of--but then I guess you'll have to go and see the show for yourself!  These guys are good.A final note, my ticket was a comp from the two.  Each year in December, they give United Blood Services a card to give to blood donors for two free tickets to their show.  They support Las Vegas and it's appreciated!
5	My Wife & I saw the show tonight as a birthday gift, and from the good reviews on Yelp and various Vegas entertainment websites, we expected the show to be decent.  Being locals from Las Vegas, we figured it would be much more entertaining than those less to mediocre Las Vegas lounge shows where you can get discounted to free tickets for almost anytime.  At least we thought it would be on par with Chris Angel's Believe Cirque Show. Boy were we wrong.  This show goes above and beyond.  Not only is this show filled with amazing magic tricks...but you get a comedy show at the same time with a little drama involved.  I am not talking about your typical walk in to the bar jokes, but jokes that the whole audience can relate to.  Creative in blending jokes & story telling & visuals as well as mind teasing into their routines.  Penn & Teller must be doing something right, for there must be a reason they have been a Vegas headliner show at the Rio for 11 years and going strong!See, Penn & Teller create a magical show that is very interactive & crowd appealing.  It is not your sit down, shut up and watch the show type of deal.  Penn & Teller gets the audience involved showing how some tricks are done...yet leaving you awe and mystified in some tricks, in how it was even possible.My Wife & I got VIP seats, so we were close enough for a great view!  The Penn & Teller Theater was generally smaller than I expected, much more intimate, but definitely suggest getting floor seats and main seating to Vip front seats to get a great view and more personal sense in watching the show.  The ambiance was very mood setting, with a Jazz/piano pre-show by Mike Jones an hour before...gives you a sense of 2 in 1 setting the mood while patrons take their seats.My wife and I definitely recommend the show to anyone...If you are also a tourist and wanted to check out what show to watch....this would definitely be easily in our TOP 5 shows as a must see!  You don't have to take my word for it...but if you don't know, you wont know what you are really missing out on.***NOTE - Don't forget to have a meet and greet/autographs & photo ops with Penn & Teller after the show!  These guys are class acts, and knowingly they are tired and done this a million times over and over again...they still take the time to give the fans and audience their gratitude of appreciation for coming to the show.  Unlike most shows, these guys don't leave till everyone else does. :) Thumbs up to them for that!
5	Awesome show! I couldn't ask for much more than they did.  Highly entertaining for the entire 90 minutes!  Just wish it wasn't off the strip, but that's the least of worries I suppose.  Go see this!!
5	Loved the show. A top notch act. They know their craft and have perfected it. They are masters of bringing the audience into the act--making you think you're in on the trick and then BAM you are blown away by an unexpected twist. We got tickets on Travel Zoo for about $50 each. Sat in the mezzanine. Not bad. We could still easily see all the action. Go see Penn and Teller, they were "stellar" :-)
5	We saw the show on Saturday and it did not disappoint at all.  Penn & Teller moved from one illusion to another seamlessly and interacted with the audience really well.It was very, very entertaining and mind boggling.  We totally loved it and every minute was money well spent.  After the show, we were able to take pictures and get autographs with Penn & Teller.  They really took the time out to meet and greet and get to know the audience which made them so down to earth.Go see this show!  This show is truly worth it!!!
5	I'm not claiming I've seen every show in Las Vegas, but I'd be shocked if there was anything nearly as good as Penn and Teller's dark, irreverent, and mind-blowing show at The Rio.The classic duo, who have been performing together for over three decades, have honed their respective personas to perfection. Penn is the loud blustery big one and Teller is the diminutive one who never speaks and the act still works to perfection.P and T take you behind the scenes of how elaborate illusions are done and then blow your mind anyway. Penn plays the part of talkative con man, keeping the audience laughing and on their toes at the same time. Some of the illusions are downright dark and dangerous, as the duo has an obvious fascination with the morbid.Equal parts old school showbiz spectacle and edgy dark comedy, Penn and Teller are American originals and their show at The Rio is a must see.
5	Unbelievably good show. Penn & Teller are both Libertarians (read true Americans) and obviously put a lot of time and effort into their show to provide an amazing value to their audience. Always changing things up. Brought a few girls I know for the big 40th bday as well as my Dad and his wife. Good time all around. Paid extra for seats close to the stage and it was well worth it. Very humble guys and it was great to see them pose with fans and sign autographs without asking for anything in return. I've been following them for 15-20 years now and have never been disappointed with anything they've done. Thanks Penn & Teller!!!
5	Go see Penn & Teller. My husband and I didn't know what to expect from reading some of th reviews on yelp but it was by far the best show we saw on our teip to Vegas. Penn was funnier than expected and the maic tricks were amazing, to the point where it's been almost 2 weeks and we're still talking about it! Got our tickets signed and pics taken with them after the show and they seemed grateful!
5	I am a huge Penn and Teller fan. HUGE. I saw them 3 months ago in my home town while they were on tour. The person I went with this time has seen them both on tour and in Las Vegas, so this was  a repeat performance for both of us. Why keep going to see the same show you ask? Because with the exception of a few tricks I still can't figure out, the show is constantly changing. It was almost completely different from what we've seen before. I am still fascinated! I love that they try to make you think and have a patriotic message to their show. Thinking is good America! They also give you the opportunity to come up on stage and sign a sealed envelope they use in the show and look at, touch, investigate a box they have on stage that is used in the show. When the show starts, the box is magically populated. You saw the box yourself, you are stumped! I also love that Penn and Teller run out of the auditorium at the end of the show to catch the exitting crowd. They pose for pictures and sign autographs. They wait until the last fan has their prize. Its really wonderful to see them appreciate their fans. It makes the $105 a seat we paid sooo worth it.
5	Fun and comical. I appreciate how they tell you early on that magic is a variety of things (i.e. sleight of hand, distractions, illusion) so it makes you wonder how they do their tricks while they're doing them. I liked how they broke up their long acts with shorter acts. Paid $60 through a Ticketmaster deal posted on Travelzoo to sit ~10 rows away. The theatre is a good size so I would try to sit in the front half of the theatre, if possible.
5	The finest magic show in Vegas. I'd call it the best show in town, period, but Absinthe exists so I can't. It's my second favorite act in town. Penn and Teller are consummate professionals who do not talk down to their audience or hide behind ridiculous mystical bullcrap to entertain. It's honest, genuine illusion done with flair, and the illusions themselves are world class. Fantastic entertainment.
5	I've read all the books and have been to this show twice in the last year. The show has changed very little over the year, but I saw it first from the balcony and after from very close in the orchestra so I noticed a lot of things I missed in the first visit. Both were extremely enjoyable and the ninety minutes absolutely flies by compared to any other show in Vegas you attend (even Absinthe).  The better seats are worth the extra money if you are intending on attending once. Show up early for the opener if you can. - E
5	These guys are amazing. I'm a fan of them on TV, but they are even better live. The tricks are compelling. They expose some secrets of how they do the tricks, and then execute them flawlessly. Penn's also a pretty great bassist! Who knew? What really impresses me most is how they run out after the show to meet their fans, take pictures, sign autographs, the whole 9 yards. They mentioned that it'll be their 12th year at the Rio, and I think another 12 is easily within reason if they keep it up. If you're a fan at all of magic, go.
5	When my best man informed me that we'd be going to Vegas for my bachelor party, I told him that would be fine so long as we could see Penn and Teller.  In my prior trip to Las Vegas in late September 2011, they were on hiatus and we were unable to see their show.  I was super pissed about that...Anyhow, the weekend was awesome, and this was a highlight of the trip.  It was way, way cooler than I expected it to be.  And--I walked in with some pretty high hopes.  Prior to seeing the show, I was afraid to watch clips on YouTube from the show for fear of spoilers.  I've only seen the show once, but my understanding is that no two shows are probably 100% the same.  They are always debuting new tricks and pieces of their show which keep it fresh and memorable.  So, don't worry about spoilers!  In fact, watching the "fish" trick on YouTube may make your experience a bit more enjoyable.The night in March 2012 that I saw the show, it was either the first or second time that Penn and Teller performed their "I'm a little teapot" segment on stage.  The tricks were awesome, and the show was super entertaining.  I wish we had arrived earlier to see a bit more of the pre-show.  The finale is particularly awesome.  I won't comment too much on the layout of the show, but Penn and Teller follow their personas well in the show.Most notably, Penn and Teller's personality and attitude towards the public make it far more memorable.  I've met a few celebrities in my day and have developed a theory that additional fame and money amplify any personality defects that you may have.  My theory holds with Penn and Teller--it's clear they don't have any such defects.After the show, Penn and Teller don't retreat to their dressing rooms to dodge their fans.  Rather, they welcome them in the lobby after the show.  They'll sign autographs and take pictures.  Heck, they'll even TALK to you!  (Yes, that includes Teller!  Haha...)  Imagine that!  Penn and Teller actually interact with their audience on AND OFF the stage!From my meet and greet with Penn, one specific thing stands out.  As Penn greeted everyone, he referred to them as boss.  I imagine that most folks don't really think anything of it and think of it as slang like "bro" or "man" or "dude."  Not to put words in Penn's mouth, but I think he actually means that.  If you think about it, as his customer, you are his boss, and he's being super respectful.  My appreciation of Penn was cemented that evening when I tweeted about the show, and he responded to my tweet.  (Actually him--and not an employee or firm hired to manage his Twitter feed.)I wish more celebrities were like Penn and Teller.  Heck--I wish more people in general were like Penn and Teller.  They are great Americans, and I applaud their work and what they have stood for.  (I purchased one of the metal bill of rights in the lobby.  I regret not having them sign it.)Anyhow, it's a great show, and it's not to be missed in my book.
2	Was disappointed in 95% of the entire show.  Very sad as I really like these guys;.  UGH. :(
5	Absolutely awesome show. Much better than what I have expected.
4	I didn't know what to expect when I walked into the Penn and Teller show. I'm so glad I did though! It was filled with great comedy and magic! I enjoyed every act and was always left wondering HOW DID THEY DO THAT!?!?! LoL. This is a show I'd definitely recommend while in Vegas! Oh, and they come out after the show, so you can take a picture with them!
5	Amazing show plus P&T are two of the nicest celebs ever, taking time to sign autographs for and take pictures with each audience member after the show.
5	Awesome show! Teller is an amazing illusionist and Penn really sells the show and keeps it entertaining.
3	I am a HUGE FAN of PT. I too am a comedy magician on a much smaller scale, however i appreciate these guys. I think in 90 minutes we saw maybe 5-6 illusions. and for nearly $100 a ticket I think it should have been more. It is a family show and lots of kids in the audience, so not really any adult material from Penn. :(They have their act down effortlessly..its maybe a little on the pricey side, but its a once in a lifetime thing! GO SEE EM!
4	Great show. I would recommend paying extra to get seats on the first level. Had seats in the Mezzanine ($60 each) and it was a little hard to see what was going on at times. From this level it's hard to appreciate the complexity and intricacy of some of the slide of hand tricks. Also several people from the audience on the first level got to participate in the show! Very entertaining!I really enjoyed Penn & Teller's style. Not super flashy but a very well thought out and very well executed production. Also my husband was super pumped that he got to meet Penn & Teller after the show.  They definitely go above and beyond for their fans in my opinion by meeting & greeting in the lobby after the show.  There were a couple bits that they could probably replace.Shows are at the Rio at 9pm. Off days are Thursday/ Friday. Get there early so you can check out the props onstage.
4	First time being to a magic show so I don't have a lot to compare it to. I'm a local, but wanted to see something different with my fiance. We had balcony seats. I would have gotten closer seats. It was hard to see at times. Overall I enjoyed watching. It got better as it went on. Good show for the family. He did cuss a few times though, but nothing bad.
4	Great show, very engaging and funny! I enjoyed the tricks but it kind of takes away the magic when they show you how it's done. We were seated in the balcony which was not close enough to really get the full effect, but it was still a very good show. I'd suggest buying tickets early from tix4less! We got our tickets for about 20% off :)
2	If you would have asked me before the show, I would have told you my bet was that this was going to be a 5 star show, but I'm being nice and giving them a 2.  Yes, lots of crowd interaction and Teller is good, but Penn talks way too much!  Not only does he extend the setup of the joke/magic trick to the point where it is no longer interesting, but he also gets political, which was such a downer!  Bottom line is that there isn't a lot of magic, the jokes take forever to get to the punchline, the RIO is way off the strip, and Teller should consider going solo.
4	Great show, if you ignore the smug audience of skeptics and intellectual types wallowing in their cleverness and superiority for being at this show instead of all those other shitty Vegas shows. Lots of self-congratulatory circle-jerking going on, so wear a plastic sheet a la Gallagher...or beware.This show has something for everyone: plenty of highbrow artsy atheist shit for the liberal elitists, tempered by plenty of vehement all-Amurrican Patriotism (TM) for the American Patriots(TM) in the house. That's right -- unlike those other shitty Vegas shows, instead of tits & feathers Penn & Teller's show features The American Flag (TM), the Bill of Rights(TM) and Guns(TM). Yee-HAW! Case in point: I saw this show with a very conservative Republican, Christian, NASCAR-lovin' friend from America's Heartland (TM)...and we both loved it!! OK, so we were both under the influence of self-induced food poisoning (ahem), but I think we'd have dug it sober, too. Especially appreciated is the fact that both Penn and Teller come out and pose for photos afterward. You just don't see those fuckin' French Canadians doing THAT, now do you???!
5	I've always been a huge fan of the comedy/magic/commentary mix of Penn and Teller's Showtime show "Bullsh%$", and their live show at the Rio Suites Hotel and Casino does not disappoint. It's a fast paced mix of dry comedy, audience participation, great illusions, and political commentary. The other thing that makes the show special is after the show, Penn and Teller meet and greet in the lobby. They stay as long as they need to, and the gesture is incredibly rare in this day. Penn stayed in the lobby at least 45-minutes after the show, where he signed autographs, and called each and every person waiting "boss" . A pretty cool dude. P and T are absolutely awesome!
5	Hands-down the best show I saw in Vegas. The magic and the comedy are first-rate. You will be amazed.
4	Good magic/comedy show, but nothing really else to do in the Rio. My friends and I paid about $105/ticket, which was worth it on 2/10/13. Got to the hotel earlier because it is off the strip, so if you go, I would recommend going just for the show and nothing else. When we got into the theater, their was about 45 minutes of downtime where Mike Jones was playing the piano, and Penn accompanying him on bass (that was cool because unless you really looked at him, they never said it was Penn playing). Mike Jones invited everyone on stage as people came in, to walk up and look at a big wooden box and sign an envelope.  The theater was really nice, but not even 1/3rd full. My friends and I got into section 2, row F, which is basically about 8 rows back and center stage, so really the perfect seats. If you want to be called out or asked to come on stage, either sit really close to the stage or on the aisle and their is a high chance that will happen to you. If you want to be a part of the show, you can be. I like to just watch, and not be called on, so I had this unnerving feeling the whole time that I was going to be called on, but beyond that feeling, I really enjoyed the show and how they were upfront about how this was not magic, but an illusion. Penn kept calling out Chris Angel which was hilarious and really made for a much different experience than any other magic show. After the show, Penn and Teller were in the lobby taking pictures with anyone who wanted one, so that was pretty nice. Overall, the show itself was good and worth it, just don't go early to the Rio expecting to make an evening out of it. My suggestion would be eat dinner on the strip, catch the free shuttle over to the Rio, see the show and ride the shuttle back right away.
4	Came to this show a while back and really enjoyed it. They do fun and entertaining magic tricks and have great interaction with the crowd. The show was also reasonably priced which is a plus.The theater is nice and clean. The seats are a good size, sometimes theater seats can be tiny and uncomfortable. We got seats right in the middle of the venue, great view.After the show Penn & Teller come out and you can meet and take photos with them. Pretty awesome that they do that.
4	Wasn't sure what to expect but it was not cheesy, which I really appreciated. They are funny, a little political, and they do neat illusions.Before the show, there's a guy on piano and one on bass. The bass player is an unassuming Penn. There's audience interaction throughout the show. Afterwards, Penn and Teller meet and greet people as they exit until every last person gets a chance for a photo or autograph, which I think is really, really nice.
4	I get the feeling the people who go to the Penn and Teller show don't just end up there, they are fans.  I say this only because it seemed like I was surrounded by people incredibly excited by every aspect of being in the theater and seeing the show.  This isn't a bad thing, it just seemed unique!  We started by coming in to the theater greeted with the jazz band playing (yes, that is Penn Gillette on bass).  The pianist tells us all that we are encouraged to come up on stage and look at a box and sign an envelope that will be used later in a trick.  We happily obliged.  On stage we got to see Penn close up grooving out and look at a big wood box and sign the envelope.  It is cool to be on the stage and see the marks they hit and get a feel for what they see when they stand up there.  When the show started, right off I kinda wished we sat further up because this is a show with a lot of audience participation.  If you like that, sit down close!  Every time the house lights went up and they picked someone from the audience my heart jumped.  Not to mention constantly bringing up the lights is distracting. At any rate, the show is a series of tricks; some old, some new.  They really work to keep the audience engaged and it was an enjoyable, funny, interesting show.  They do everything from catching bullets in their teeth to plucking leaves from a shadow of a rose.  It is magic, only it is not (they tell you that a lot). The seats in the theater recline and they leave lots of room for people to walk by (which is super nice).  They do have a lot of political stuff in their show, which I kind could have done without, but it is mostly a show to entertain. Plus, they take the time to go out in the hall after their show to take pictures and sign autographs!  How cool is that!  It is a must to see if you are in Vegas!  They are in their 12th year at the Rio, they must be doing something right :)
5	Hilarious and very entertaining show. I loved how they had audience participation. I agree with most of their political views but if you don't, they might be a bit in your face about it.Loved that they greeted everybody after the show in the lobby.
4	Hilarious! I would definitely recommend going to see these guys. They do some pretty fantastic stuff and free of frills and glam and effects. I love that they are really down to earth and constantly let you know that what they do is just trickery. They even show some of the secrets behind certain tricks which was cool to watch.
5	Penn & Teller was the highlight of my trip to Las Vegas. I had even seen many of their tricks online & I was still amazed seeing them in person! Unless you don't have a soul, you won't be disappointed in this show.
4	I bought discount tickets off of Goldstar, so my tickets were a bit further then I would have liked for them to have been for a "magic" show. But for the price I got them, I have no complaints! This show was AMAZING!!!! Penn has a wonderful stage presence and is extremely captivating. Teller, although silent also has a great presence in the show, he has THE quickest hands I've seen in person!!!!!! The show is at the good 'ol Rio, no glam or glitz there...which was good because I didn't feel out of place with my casual attire. I would, without hesitation, go see this show again!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/penn-and-teller-las-vegas?userid=hJverBH9YFe3lMzlqxexbA#p2nlM-Bf9MrIzofUSvBEqQ
5	Great show, 4.5 rating but rounded up to 5 because it deserves it. Some tricks have long descriptions that lead into it, some too long in my opinion hence the .5 dock off the 5 star rating. Aside from that the tricks are numerous and funny and exciting. They are constantly trying new tricks to keep everyone engaged. I have seen Copperfield and Penn and Teller and I must say this was much better than Copperfield.Semi-spoiler warning* Classic tricks that are shown on youtube include the cutting woman in half, fishbowl illusion, cigarette slight of hand, and helium balloon escape. But they are all great tricks to see live as well.
5	Very awesome show. I loved it. It was funny, it was exciting, it was unexpected. I was lucky enough to be selected as one of two participants for the Magic Bullet illusion. It was a really cool trick and Penn & Teller seemed like really cool guys to hang out with and talk politics & philosophy. You have to see this show at least once in your life time. They've been doing it now for over 30 years, and over 12 years at the Rio location.
5	I've seen lots of shows in this town (after all, I'm a Vegas local), but Penn and Teller's magic show takes the cake. I've been to the show 3 times because I love it so much! Their irreverant brand of humor is so enjoyable, and I like their approach to magic -- this is NOT your grandma's tired magic show! These tricksters will even show you how they do some of their illusions. The bullet trick as the finale always blows my mind, I can't figure out how the hell they do that! After the show, they stick around to shake hands and talk with all the audience members. Go see it!
5	Awesome show, worth the price.  I plan to go again and pay more to suit closer.We sat literally in the very back row and could see and enjoy the show. The only negative was its at the Rio, which is off the strip and doesn't have any good restaurants.
3	This is an ok show. I have seen most of the shows in town due to my former job as a concierge on the Strip, so I have a bit of knowledge on the subject. It also means I may be a bit jaded and hard to please as well. The magic is awesome with a lot of humor sprinkled through the show. It is a fun escape for an hour and a half or so. I actually like this magic show better than all of the magic shows in town except for Mac King (hands down the funniest and best magician in town,, in my opinion). David Copperfield and Criss Angel have stuff to learn from these guys. My main critique of the show us that Penn talks A LOT. At some points it almost seems to drag a bit. Though this is how Penn is in his tv shows and every time you see him anywhere. I guess he just has a lot to say. Overall, it's a good show for a fun night out.
5	Amazing show. Cough up the extra bucks and get a seat in the first five rows, you wont regret it. I sat in the third row and don't regret a thing. Show its self is highly entertaining and don't take everything for face value. Also its pretty cool how they stay after the show and meet every single fan. Overall quality show that I will gladly go see next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Penn & Teller are a very unique magic duo. Nobody does a show like theirs. Don't go in expecting a spectacular, they're quite the opposite. It's really entertaining, especially for intellectuals or those who don't find the in-your-face, "Criss Angel"-esque magic appealing.The show features amazing, great tricks with humurous and insightful rolling commentary by Penn. What I found most interesting was their stage presence. I've seen David Copperfield live, and he sounded almost dead. Penn & Teller do everything with the enthusiasm as though it's their first time performing on stage and the perfection of having been together for so long. That being said, if you're already a P&T fan and have never seen the show live before, you will have already seen some of the tricks. But as I said, there's no sign that they've done it a million times over; they love what they do and jubilantly keep the show going at a great pace.What really carries this show to 5 stars is that Penn & Teller hang out in the lobby after the show to autograph your swag and pose for pictures until every single person is satisfied. I can't think of anybody else on their level that still does this. P&T obviously know that every show contains lifelong fans of theirs that have travelled miles and miles just to see them (like me!), and they want to make sure everyone in the audience has the best night possible. Truly amazing.Oh! And whoever said this show isn't good for kids is lying. As far as adult content goes, this show is tame, especially compared to other magic shows. No foul language, save for one use of BS. Perhaps I wouldn't take young children, but anyone over the age of 9 or so will be fine (why would anyone bring young kids to Vegas to begin with?).
5	great show
4	What I liked:- Atmosphere and smallish theater setting (you can see the stage clearly).- Teller. He is one of those classically-mesmerizing-charming magicians and they don't make 'em like him anymore. Wish there was a whole show just with his stuff!- There were at least 3 tricks that boggled my mind and kept me wondering long after the show.- The guys stayed afterwards for pictures/autographs and seem pretty approachable which makes it more fun to be there.What I didn't like:- I'm a Penn & Teller fan...but this was the first time I saw them live. So it was disappointing, as others have mentioned, that Penn rambled...on and on and on and on. It would be great if he can cut his set-up by one third, punch up the punch lines, AND enunciate.For now, while I give it 4 Stars, I wouldn't recommend this for people who aren't already fans of the guys. It really isn't those typical magic shows one might expect.Also, I noticed other Yelpers mention that this is good for kids. Warning: while it is a family-friendly show, I highly doubt my kids would sit through it due to the lengthy Penn spiels.Overall, an enjoyable time with a loved one.  =)
5	Went 2 years ago, and it's quite possibly the best show in Vegas!I've always loved Penn & Teller, back in the days of P&T's Bull**** beginnings.  I also relate to their politics, so that helps as well.It's like a political venting session / stand-up comedy / magic show. Basically, it has everything.If you don't like P&T's TV show, you won't like this magic show.  Don't go there expecting to just see a magic show. They will swear and talk smack about the government and religion.  Don't say I didn't warn you.MILITARY DISCOUNT - when we went a couple of years ago, they gave us a 2 for 1 military discount.  AWESOME!!!!  50% off?!  That's the best deal I've seen for a show in Vegas.  Hands down.THE BEST PART -- you don't need a VIP badge to meet them after the show.  They stand in the lobby of the theater to meet & greet EVERYONE, sign autographs and take pictures.  GREAT GUYS!
5	90 % different from the last time I saw them 4-6 years ago. But just as enjoyable.I highly recommend this show. Just true entertainers.
5	Great show and well worth every penny.  gut busting funny and astounding.  They stay afterwards and greet everyone who will stay for them.  They sign, take pictures, etc.  I spoke with several cab drivers and they all agree that it is one of Vegas best shows.  They have a staying power in Vegas to prove that they are a great show.  Don't miss this show.  You will need to plan because they took two days off, but do get to this show.
4	Great show with mind blowing tricks.  I still don't understand most of it.  A lot of fun!  Would defintely go again.
2	I went to this show based on a recommendation from a friend, but I was disappointed. There was too much (political) talk and not enough magic. And the patriotic pandering annoyed me. When they were doing magic, it was impressive, there just wasn't enough of it. I do not recommend this show.
5	My husband and I were vacationing in Vegas for the first time. We wanted to attend some shows, but only the best. I did some research and came up with Penn and Teller, Cirque du Soleil "O", and Blue Man Group. Since the tickets are so expensive, we could only afford the first two.My husband is a Penn and Teller fan. He used to watch them on Showtime. However, I'm not a fan of that show. I don't like all the vulgarity. But when I researched them online, I found that their Vegas show was tame, more of a family show.There were illusions, comedy, they pulled people from the audience to participate. It was funny, very entertaining, the illusions were amazing. I was sad when it was over.I highly recommend seeing them. They even take pictures with people in the lobby after the show!
4	One of the highlights on a recent trip to Vegas.Word of advice, spend the extra money and get the lower level seating.... We were near the back and some of the tricks were hard to follow from such a distance.When you think of Vegas shows, you should think Penn and Teller... A great evening!
5	Awesome show! Magic and comedy were great. Penn and Teller walk out to say bye to audience and pictures.
5	In my opinion, best magic show in Las Vegas. Very unconventional and most enjoyable. We booked the show last minute and got a few seats up in the balcony and while it was a bit hard to see parts of the act, the experience still deserves 5 stars. Book your seats early and get a lower level seat that's close to the stage.
5	I went to a show in November 2011 and it was the highlight of my trip to Las Vegas!  If you've seen their Showtime show, Bullshit!, you should be familiar with the wit and the charm that the duo brings to everything they do.  Of course, this is a magic show, so expect less of the political opinions and more of the magic.  (Though, there is a trick involving a metal detector that ventures into political territory in true Penn & Teller fashion.)  In any case, another plus is that both Penn and Teller come out to meet the audience at the end of the show.  I had the chance to get autographs and get my picture taken with both of them.I'm not much of a gambler, but I would place my bets on Penn and Teller any day of the week.
2	I was not familiar with Penn & Teller's performance style before attending their show. The tickets were a gift from a friend. I was not ready for the soapbox political stances they were going to use their show for. I really thought I was there to be entertained. I was most uncomfortable when they went on and on about their "rights" as Americans. The continual harping of his stances on guns, security, and the putting down of other countries did not have the effect on some of his audience that I think he was aiming for. Instead I walked away thinking I had just listened to a very uninformed uneducated person talk about things he knew very little about for an hour and fifteen minutes. They also had the audience sign an envelope before the show......don't waste your time, stay in your seat and drink a cocktail.Lastly, the magic was very nice and I appreciated Teller's quietness the entire performance. It made up for his partner's brass and encumbering demeanor on stage. I thought it was a nice touch that they both stay after the show for autographs.....although I think you can already tell I didn't stay to get one;)
5	Amazing show. The GF loved it!
4	Really love the humor and commentary from Penn & Teller.  They seem to still love what they're doing and their interactions with the audience were a hoot. Not a dull moment, here, and the bit where a spectator is invited up to the stage and is given a camera to film Penn was marvelously done.
4	Apparently Penn and Teller has had their show for quite some time but I have never heard of them until this trip.I didn't like that there was a lot of talking. I almost fell asleep a couple of times. Teller is adorable and really good.The theater where it was held was average. The entrance way had nice lighting and there was a place to get drinks, I'm not sure about food.Show was at least 2 hours? If they do more different things during other shows I wouldn't mind seeing them again.They do autographs and photos after the show, but there are a lot of people.
2	My wife and I are really big fans of Penn & Teller. Much of what I'm writing breaks my heart a bit, because they are two great performers and great people in general. The low rating is related to the last performance we saw, and not against them in the general sense.This was the second time we saw them perform at the Rio, the first being about a year ago. This performance had the exact same script, the exact same illusions, the exact same order. Last time we sat in the center, about the 5th row. This time we sat to the right, 4th row near the piano. Getting to see the exact same illusions from this different angle caused them to lose their luster as we could catch the "magic" in the act of occurrence since we knew what was coming. Bummer.Penn was clearly tired, and perhaps recovering from an illness. Maybe all the other events, like Celebrity Apprentice, have taken a toll.So, that was a disappointing experience. Love these guys. I would love to see them revamp the same, tired show into something new and exciting. Heck, I might even suggest a new illusion or two if they want some help! Until that happens, I don't expect to return, and that pretty well makes me sad.
4	It's always "Carnival Time" at the RIO, a real fun place to visit from the moment you arrive until the time you leave. The employees are friendly and make you feel at home. Penn and Teller was not awesome. They took the mystique out of "magic" by explaining some of the tricks. The show was "OK". More awe's and ah's would have been welcome.
5	Penn &Teller provide not only an awe inspiring magic show, but ample amounts of laughs from Penn's sarcastic comments to Teller's gestures.  They make fun of traditional magic and magicians and often show you how the trick is done while spinning a new trick off it it.  It was the best part of my trip to Vegas.  I will be returning to see them again.  The best magic show I have ever been to.  And I have seen Copperfield before this.
5	Awesome show.  Entertaining. Funny. Some stuff blew my mind.  How they turned coins into goldfish then back into coins... i mean... really??  my mind was blown.
4	Love Penn and Teller and enjoyed the show very much.  We had seats in the last row of the orchestra section on the left,  next to the aisle separating the middle section.  I worried that we may be too far away from the action to enjoy the show, based on other Yelper's reviews, but our seats were very good.  Had no problem seeing anything, and although Penn does mumble a bit, I didn't feel as though I missed anything.  There are lots of surprises in the show, and Penn said they had a few new bits and updated some old ones.  This was our first Penn and Teller show so it was all new to us.  A couple of tips:  first, if you have to pick up your tickets at will call, go straight to the theater instead of waiting in the smoke filled casino will call/theater ticket counter.  I wish I had known I could have gone to the theater instead of waiting 20 minutes in the line inside the casino.  Also, look closely at the jazz musicians on stage before the show starts.  The duo includes Penn on upright bass!  Finally, Penn and Teller leave the stage through the audience after the show to take pictures with everyone!  Thank you Penn and Teller for a great night!
4	Great show!
5	Vegas. Com ticket discount !!fantastic show ....awesome ....if you come to VEGAS !!!SEE PENN AND TELLER
5	Awesome show.  Had a great time and kept us laughing the whole time and definitely kept us amazed.  Penn & teller engaged the audience as well in various tricks.  I won't say much about the performance because I don't want to give anything away, but it is definitely a must see show while in Vegas.
5	BEST SHOW IN VEGAS & worth every dime.  Whether you get a discount ticket or not you will enjoy this show.  Amazing entertainers!  After the show both Penn & Teller  stay outside to shake everyone's hand and take photos and chat.
4	First timer watching a show in Vegas!  I was so excited for this show because I do love magic.  I'd say this was more of a 3.5 star show but I was nice enough to round it up.  As some people mentioned, Penn does ramble a lot so that was my only gripe about it.  Not enough magic!  The tricks that they did were super funny because they take the well known magic tricks and make it their own.  I love how there is a lot of interaction with the audience as well, so if you want to be involved, get the lower level seatings.  The show was only 1.5 hours with a 10-15 minute intermission as well.  After the show, they let you take pictures with them but they need to find a better place for that because the crowd was blocking the entrance out of the theater.  For now, it was a good show but maybe not good enough because my boyfriends dad started snoring in the middle of the show!!NOTE:-Crowded at the end of the show-Photo opp with penn and teller (separately)
3	Great guys, but the show needs updating.I really enjoy the presentation style of Penn & Teller and have been fans for years. I've seen their live show about 3 times in the past 6 years, and unfortunately there just hasn't been that much new material. Probably 80% of the show we saw was material I was already familiar with from their TV programs and previous shows.Also, be prepared to be disappointed if you aren't in the lower seating area at least mid-way forward.  The discount tickets are discount for a reason. A lot of their current material is difficult to see from a distance (and I have great vision).One of the classiest things about the guys is that all come out after the show to sign autographs, and they won't leave until all of the audience has a chance to meet them.
5	Went last week for my birthday!Loved the show, even my husband liked it.They are very funny and I wish we could of stood in line after wards, but we didn't.  I would of loved to have taken pictures with both of them
3	I knew Penn was an outspoken atheist before I attended his show, but dang - he made sure everyone knew how he felt about religion, psychics, the supernatural.  Ok we get it Penn - you don't believe in God or anything unexplainable!!  I would have enjoyed the show much more if I had felt less like I was being subjected to his worldview rather than entertained by his & Teller's amazing talent.  The magic tricks were excellent, and I would have liked to see more tricks, rather than hear about his views.  I do agree with him politically, which is surprising.  All in all, a good show worth seeing, if you don't mind the rhetoric.
4	Penn & Teller offer a fun, smart, mature magic show that audiences of all ages can be amazed by.  The fact that they tell you how the tricks are done simply makes them that much more impressive because it will still blow your mind.
5	Amazing show. Simply amazing. Although the show is a mix of tricks and acts they have been doing for years, the class and perfection is impossible to beat. I love the simplicity of their show and the lack of flash and cheesy new tricks.In reference to the "rhetoric" that other reviews talk about - to take from the title of their Showtime show - Bullsh*t. The only "rhetoric" present was a small bit on airport searches (to the tone of "boo, airport security is no fun!") and a patriotic splash of a reappearing waving American flag. If you want the rhetoric they are famous for, watch Bullsh*t and read Penn's books like I do. If you want the classy illusion act they are also famous for, head to the show. They keep the two very separate.I was honored that the men stayed outside of the theater to meet everyone after the show. We waited in line for a while and were basically the last to meet them, but they both still had smiles on their faces and were friendly and willing to chat and take pictures. Night after night for years and years... and they still respect and love their fans that much. That speaks a lot about their character.
5	A couple of years ago when I was working phone support for a certain streaming service, I got a phone call. To my surprise, it was THE Teller talking to me on the other side of the line. I'm not a star struck person by nature, but I was surprised to hear his voice (as he's the silent partner in all of their programs), and more so, to find his voice to be so kind and soothing. Long story short, I helped fix the issue his device was having and we went our separate cellular ways. Needless to say, I've to this day continued to talk with people about that funny phone call.And so, it was quite a pleasure seeing Penn & Teller perform at their home show in the Rio casino.The performance was stellar.Penn knows how to work a crowd and is quite the comedian, while Teller plays the adorable role of silent vaudeville. They did some traditional parlor tricks, performed some oldies but goodies, and experimented with some new show cases as well. There was hardly a moment during the performance I wasn't entertained. Even from way up in the risers, it was a great and often times astounding performance.The duo's libertarian, skeptical, and patriotic ethics shine through in their show. I enjoyed how they could awe me and explain how the magic works without taking the joy out of it.Post show, Penn and Teller patiently took pictures and signed autographs for all who were in want. It's refreshing to see performers have such a joy in what they do, even after thirty five years.Over all, a great experience that has brought me an even higher appreciation of the two of them!
3	The magic was pretty cool, I must admit. The problem I had with the show were the constant references to politics. I'm pretty coservative and basically agree with much of what they said, but when I'm out at a show in Vegas, I want to be entertained, not lectured about politics. Kind of disappointed. Sorry guys, I think you are very talented, just a bit too political for my liking.
1	Incredibly disappointed: a total waist of time and money. Penn went on a political rant about the Constitution, insulted all TSA workers by saying they're under educated, and made references to flag burning. Some of the tricks were anticlimactic after a long build-up. One card trick bombed when Teller picked the wrong card. It seems they've been in Vegas too long and they're show has become stale. Take my advice Don't pay money for this show. You'll be sorry
5	Fantastic show -- saw them at RIO 10 years ago -- and the theatre has been updated, great sound and light system.  We were there to celebrate my husband's birthday.  Only show he wanted to see. Thanks Guys for all the great BS shows, this wonderful show -- and making my husband laugh!
5	I got 2 free tickets as a benefit of being a Diamond Total Rewards card member. Diamond and Seven Star members get 2 free show tickets from a selected list monthly. Went with my friend and his family while they were visiting Vegas. I did see them once awhile ago. 5-6yrs I think? A few acts are still the same but some have changed. It's expected to change the rotation once in awhile or else it would get old.These guys are two nuts. They mix their magic acts with some comedy and try to keep you on your toes. If you're looking for a good laugh and like magic shows, you will probably want to see this show at least once.
2	I have clients in town and they waited until the last minute to book a show... I don't like magic shows but I was talked in to P&T.  The showroom was very nice and the local discount had me very optimistic. The local discount was only valid for the mid level seats... not close but far from the worst. the audience went wild when Penn and Teller came out on stage..that's when stuff went downhill... all of the "setups" took six times longer than the actual illusion.  the absence of any monitors made it impossible to see what was going on. you can not see a bullet from 100 yards!!! or see the face of card!!!! too little content and too much talk!!! my review may have been different if I could have seen what was going on. The man next to me was trying to give his girlfriend the details of what was happening on stage (she could not see anything going on) and became frustrated and left early. I wanted to like the show!!! Penn has become one of my favorite Las Vegas celebrities.... seems to be so pro Vegas!!Install some monitors!!!!
5	Such an amazing show! Not really into Magic tricks, but this sure was entertaining. A lot of humor, great tricks, with a artsy twist to it. Very much worth it!!
5	Such a Phenomenal show!!! They did not disappoint me. Kept me hooked. Wasn't slow. I love that they explain other illusionists acts and then showed them their version. Very funny. I was really blown away. Especially with their bullet trick. I was hesitant to see them at first but am soooo glad we went. Worth every penny. Besides the two drinks we got that were $26.00!!!!
5	fantastic show. penn & teller are great together and the comedy/magic act combo was great. almost every trick involved an audience member. make sure you get really good seats so you're able to see the tricks up close. I'm still mesmerized how teller got goldfish to show up out of nowhere.
5	My first magic show and I was not disappointed! There was a political edge that was uninteresting to me, but both Penn and Teller are talented and entertaining.
5	Saw Penn and Teller show on a Saturday night.  The theater wasn't sold out, but it was pretty full.  They had Mike Jones, a jazz piano player, entertaining the crowd before the show started.  You could also go up on stage and sign an envelope and exam a box to be used later in the show.  I've seen most of the tricks they did in the show, but they did throw in some new ones.  They do a great job of getting the audience involved in the show.  For those audience members who were lucky enough to be part of the show, they were allowed to keep the props used in the trick.  You can tell that the entire team has been doing this for 20 years as the show moved effortlessly and didn't seem anywhere near 90 minutes.  One thing I must mention is that after the show both Penn and Teller are available in the lobby to sign autographs, take photos, etc.  They wait until everyone has had a chance and they don't charge extra for this like some performers do.
4	There was a lot of audience participation in the show, plus Penn does a lot of talking. I expected a little more comedy and a little more magic, but it was pretty entertaining. Glad we went. But it isn't a show that I need to experience again and again.
5	Great show!! Not what I was expecting as I've only seen them a few times on Regis & kelly. It just fasinated me as how they even come up with the stuff they do as it is very brilliant. One, I didn't want to get up to go to the bathroom because I didn't want to miss anything and two, it went by so darn quickly!!! I didn't want it to end.  Laughed so hard and loved how they involve the audience. Note to self, don't sit close if you don't want to participate or go to the bathroom (it's a walk). Then they come out after the show to take pictures with the audience outside of the stage. It was great! Definately recommend!!
2	I'm not going to go into a detailed review of the acts because I don't want to give anything away but I'll just say it was okay. I thought it would be way better. Had I not gotten half off tickets through my work I would have been a little upset about the price. I'll be honest, towards the end both my boyfriend and I seriously had to fight to keep our eyes open. I think that we were too tired from the long day we'd had on strip, plus we expected more sleight of hand and magic tricks then what they preformed. Actually they were more making fun of people who perform "magic" then anything. They also kept going on political rants. Guys, it's Vegas, lighten up. We're here to relax not get irritated by the world we live in on our vacation. Also I didn't like how they kept turning the lights off and on, and off and on when picking audience members to participate. It was very distracting. Additionally they should add some monitors so you can better see the actual act.  Lastly,  with the amount of time they spent setting up for the acts (just lots of talking) didn't leave much time to do many tricks. I'm glad we saw them to say that we went and had that experience but I probably wouldn't repurchase tickets.
4	We got the day-of-event half price tickets from Tix 4 Tonight, so it was about $60 per person for the Mezzanine seats.  The mezzanine seats were fine; we could see everything we needed to see.  I'd think the balcony seats are a little too far back though.The show was great.  I consider myself to be educated and clever....Pretty much all the tricks I have no idea how they were done.  It's left me thinking about them days afterwards.  Also, apparently they like to rotate around their bits, so if you have gone but haven't gone in a while, it's worth checking out a second time.It's a wonderful mix of both comedy and magic.  Penn is a great storyteller that keeps you engaged throughout the whole show.The show is about 90 minutes long.  They advise people to arrive 45 to 60 minutes early, but it's unnecessary.  You can arrive 10 to 15 minutes before the show and be perfectly fine.
5	A mix of comedy, magic, and a little politics.  You will sit there the entire time thinking "How did they do that?"  What makes this different than other magic shows is that it isn't hokey or showy.  There are no theatrics.  Its Penn and Teller (and sometimes one female assistant) throughout the show.  No fancy lighting or costumes- just them and their tricks.  After the show, each one will stand for however long is necessary and sign tickets and take pictures.  Even after a half an hour, they still have smiles on their faces.  And yes, Teller does talk when he is off stage and takes one mean selfie!
4	We saw the Penn & Teller show at the Rio on Thanksgiving Eve and were not disappointed.  We had decided on this trip we would see two shows and we wanted one that was either magic or comedy, and another that was musical.Well you can probably guess which one of those this show isn't!  But it is a good combination of magic, or really I should say illusion, combined with a good amount of comedy.  It's really a very straight up front show, some great tricks, some good fun and no real over dramatization to boot.  I liked that combination.  I am a big fan of comedy duo's where there is the lively one (Penn) and the quiet/straight man (Teller) - they do this in a really good way.  This is truly a really fun show and made for a good start to our trip.Penn is very clear everything in the show is just illusion and not magic, and while I would hope most people actually realize that, it is Vegas so anything goes and for all I know maybe there was a Harry Potter convention in town and so they felt the need to make the point.  Regardless, some of the tricks were quite amazing, and other than a couple of parts of the show where the conversation from Penn got a little too much and you wanted to shout "get on with it" it was very engaging from end to end.I know some people don't like this show because of Penn's political views and commentary, and while personally I didn't find it extreme or offensive in even the slightest way, I think anyone booking a show should know that the people are going to have opinions and sometimes they use their platform to make them known.  There are places they actually use it to great comedic effect.  I don't pick shows based on the views of those starring in it, I am there to be entertained, and entertain you they do - I suggest others make their decision based on that also and not just because there is so much hype made about someone having an opinion.At the end of the show, both Penn and Teller are also right there for you to meet and get pictures with which is a really nice touch.  I'd definitely be happy to see the show again.
5	The most fun I've had at a show in a long time. The show so enjoyable I thought it seemed only 30 minutes long even though it ran over 90. Penn and Teller entertain in a refreshingly low tech way with minimal staging gimmicks. In a digital world it was refreshing to enjoy an expertly analogue performance. Both Penn and Teller personally greet each  and every guest after the show sign autographs and take selfies. Great sports!
5	Penn & Teller put on a spectacular show. I enjoy how they truly care about making us involved with the act, on top of their interest in us not being duped by other performers out there.~The Good~They seem to provide a variety of their acts, both new and old. The acts are anything but "grand" as far as scale of size, but they pack so much punch. The "Fish in Punchbowl" act was my personal favorite, and despite a disturbance in the audience (a young boy fainted) Teller was unfazed and went on once the coast was clear. The insight into how some trick are set up to fool me and others was very interesting, as was general tricks showing both Penn and Teller's amazing skills of slight. Not a bad seat in the house, a lot of audience interaction. Simply one of my favorite shows I have been to~The Bad~Barely anything to complain about. These guys are funny as can be. They are funny because unlike other performers, they do talk a lot. A lot. You better expect it, or you will be left saying "Penn talked my head off! Blaw blaw blaw...!" They also, like I pointed out, do not do humungous tricks, so keep this in mind when you are choosing to see them or not. If you want to be mystified by amazing feats of physical and spiritual, go see Criss Angel!~The Down Low~5 stars goes to this show for their creativity/sincerity, great sight lines, audience interaction,  Comedic takes and expertise. Might I add that you should get tickets close to the exit. Why? Because at the end of each show, Penn and Teller haul ass outside to greet everyone and take pictures (pictures to come soon). They are gracious hosts, and understand and appreciate the fact that you paid $$ to see them. This is an A+ show and has been around for over a decade. You can point this out when someone asks if they are good or not...or if it is worth the money. Go see the show, they will make you think about magic and sleight of hand, plus you will laugh your pants off.
4	Great show to catch in Vegas! Penn and Teller did not disappoint - they were hilarious and their show is very interactive. I especially loved when they told you how the trick is performed, and they still managed to surprised you!  Would definitely recommend their show if you're looking for magic & comedy act.
5	Got to be a part of  the show at the Rio the night before Thanksgiving 2013!  During the "Bullet Catch" trick where they fire Colt .357 revolvers at each other, I was invited up to the stage by Teller. There is a line on the stage floor separating Penn from Teller and another volunteer was on Penn's side. My part was to inspect the pistol, ammunition and the glass square on a tripod. Teller had me write my initials on the bullet and Penn asked me to draw a picture on the bullet case.    After firing at each other, Penn dropped the fired bullet out of his teeth into my hand and asked me to verify my initials were still on it.  (Of course it had my initials on it) Teller and I were able to have a nice conversation while Penn was speaking during the set up ( he speaks a lot).  I've been a fan of these two since they started in the late 1970s while I was in high school, so it was great to meet them in person, plus I got to keep the bullet and case from the act!
4	Great show and funny! I think some of it was planted though, even tho they despised of it. It really did make you think, but I managed to figure a few things out.The show is about 1.5 hours and it would be good if you sat in row 2-4. I saw in row 5, which was not too bad, but could of been better at 3. It was in the middle section up front, and I paid good money for those seats. For magic shows you really have to sit in the front.Overall, great experience, and would come see it again because they do change it up. I wished it was longer!
3	I didn't expect much from a Vegas magic show, but this was surprisingly entertaining.  I would have enjoyed a bit longer show with more of Penn and Teller and less time on the set-up, like their TV show.  The seemed enthusiastic even after 13 years doing the show.  The theater was very nice and easy to find in the Casino.  It would be interesting to see if the show is the same every night.  It was definitely worth the price of a ticket at half-price tickets.  The bottom line is that I am still thinking about the tricks and how they accomplished them . . . well done.
3	The show was OK. Out of all the shows I've seen in Vegas (I've seen quite a few) this was my least favorite. The ticket prices were $60 on SALE and we sat in the nose bleeds which made it difficult to see everything. The theater was huge and there's just these two dudes on the stage.. maybe a smaller venue would have been better? At any rate, the price of the show was not worth it. The show was barely an hour and a half and was allot of parlor tricks with some actual very cool tricks thrown in. I will say that the show is family friendly and they do allot of audience interaction. If you like magic and some comedy, you'll probably like this show.
5	My first real magic comedy show! I loved how they made fun of the audience members, loved how they had a lot of audience participation--even in the mezzanine, and I loved how they stayed afterwards to take pics with their fans! I was sitting a little far, so it made things difficult to see...I wish I brought some binocs. Their show theme was mostly about being a proud US citizen and our bill of rights. Cool I guess. There is a reason why they've been on for so long! Go watch!
4	As one of my prizes for raising money for AFAN's AIDS Walk, I received a voucher for four tickets to Penn & Teller, and I was very excited to finally see their show. Ruben and I brought a friend and her six-year-old daughter, whom I thought would really enjoy a magic show. The venue is really nice. We really enjoyed taking photos of and with the various P&T photographs and lighting fixtures. After sitting down (the seats were great!), we noticed everyone walking to the stage and signing a poster. This was a precursor to extensive audience interaction that makes the show so wonderful.All of us really enjoyed the show! The illusions are mind-boggling, the tricks are great, and the jokes are funny. These guys are just awesome. I would certainly go to their show again since I heard they rotate acts and constantly add new ones.
4	A Las Vegas staple. Went to a show back in 2008 and again tonight...was afraid most of the show would be repetitive from years back but I'd say 80% of the show consisted of new acts not seen before and that was refreshing.Funny, creative, well thought out elaborate magic that has you and the rest of the audience puzzled.Sometimes I zone out when Penn gets a little verbose but that's probably just me with some undiagnosed ADD.Two professionals at the top of their game.Highly recommended...
5	This was a great show. I have always wanted to see them. I have seen them on TV a few times but never in person. I was coming to Vegas with my beautiful girlfriend and when we talked about going to see a show I suggested this one and she said yes let's go.What a good choice. I like the jazz duo that open the show. They are very good. Mike Jones is an amazing piano player. I think it is funny how most of the audience didn't seem to realize who was playing the stand up bass. Right at the start they have a bulletin border with an envelope posted on it and an empty wooden box on stage. They ask that you go on stage and check out the box and sign the envelope. I thought that was pretty cool. I also like the fact the my awesome girlfriend got us seats right down front. You really can see a lot more when you are upfront. They were great seats.I really liked the fact that it wasn't this big fancy magic show with laser lights and smoke and all of the stuff. It was simple and about the tricks not some crazy flashy stage show. They do some great illusions and slight of hand tricks. A few times you think they are explaining the trick to you but they are still tricking you.I don't want to give too much away but trust me it was a great show and I would go back to see it again. They are very entertaining. Very funny.It is also great that they both go out to the lobby right after the show to take pictures with everyone. They are very nice and get to everyone. Just be patient and wait your turn. They won't run away. They will get to everybody.This really is one of the best shows in Vegas and it is no surprise that they have been there for 13 years and counting.
3	My friend and I were really excited to see this show as we're both Penn and Teller... but sadly, the show left a bit for both of us to desire. The "magic" in the show was good... but there was just waaaay too much talking during the show. Also, the "wow" factor wasn't there... at times it felt like a lecture by Penn with Teller doing the tricks...Having seen a good portion of the shows in Vegas... this show just didn't quite cut it for me...The magic they do is more of up-close magic, not suited for a theater of their size. My friend and I have been to the Magic Castle many times in LA and all that is close up magic in an intimate setting. In a big theater like where Penn and Teller were performing, you expect more "big" things and for more of a show to be put on.  I did not feel like I was watching a magic show. The energy seemed supar. It's a good thing I was able to get tickets for about half off because I would be very upset paying full price!The nice thing about this show is after, they literally run out... why, because they are outside doing a meet and greet for all their fans! They will take pics and sign stuff for you. I think that is pretty cool and humble of them!!I might go see this show again in a year or 2 because they said that they do change their show around... I'm just  hoping there will be less talk and more wow factor next time.
5	I have been to this show twice now and I would probably go back again.The humour is dry so if you're not keen on smart/political jokes this isn't the show for you.Magic is awesome! my favourite is the goldfish trick and the nail gun. I usually watch the show in February and fly through allegiant so they offer a 2 for 1 discount code. I would definitely recommend this show to anyone who is looking for an entertaining yet affordable show to see in Vegas.
5	Great show - entertaining but got a little political which was ok for me. Great magic and funny too . Penn was playing the guitar with the band when I arrived to the show - I didn't even notice him till someone pointed him out - it was great !' I was able to take pictures with him at the end / free and he tried to get everyone . Very entertaining and we purchased our tickets on Nellis AFB . This is a show u must see at least once. My husband and I purchased 2 drinks for 24 dollars before going in and was told "no drinks allowed " so we had to guzzle them down in the lobby - drinks can only be purchased inside theater .
2	Magic and comedy, what can go wrong. At this show, apperently alot. Penn and teller has lots of audience interaction but the first audience phone battery died so they said that we should believe them, then during another act one audience didnt look at the card, so they also said for sure it was the card but we dont really know. And then during another act that was shown in the dark, there was an emergency in the audience and the lights came on but the show kept going so I missed what happened during the commotion. It was professional of teller to keep on going. The magic was ok, the comedy was dry. The guy behind me loved it because he was laughing like crazy. But it wasn't satisfactory for me, should have just watch a cirque show for the price
5	Great show! Love their politics, magic, and performance. Super cool that they engage the audience during and after the show - they hang out after the show in the lobby to talk with people, autographs, and photo ops. The theater was comfortable too.
3	Great theater - perfect venue. Comfortable seats and reasonable ticket prices.The show itself is pretty good. Could not figure out most of the tricks and they will actually tell you how several are done. The cell phone trick at the beginning is just great - it is incredible to me, at least. How in the world they pull that off is a mystery. There are several other acts which will blow your mind, then there are a few where you just kind of say, "ok, cool. whats next?"The one thing I didn't like is the constant talking about the bill of rights, security, the amendments. I felt like I was getting lectured - and I am a liberal for the most part. Ok, we get it, you don't like airport security. Other than that the show is pretty good. Worth the money. Plus the Rio is a nice casino so hit that up after the show.
5	This last weekend was the second time that I've gone to see Penn and Teller. The first time we got buy one get one tickets and were in the 4th row of the balcony, which was okay but lacking luster. For those who complain about it being to far away, at least there IS a lower price point (if there weren't you would complain then too I guess.) This time I ponied up and I paid for the better seats, I got them 3 weeks in advance and we were seated in the 7th row of the lower section. I was totally pleased with this.My guy got pulled on stage at the end, for the gun trick. I think that this truly made the trip for him, he LOVES them SO MUCH!If you don't like their talking, you don't have an appreciation for their politics, and I suspect most people who go to see them have seen their show BULLSH*T and know those politics, but if you didn't ahead of time, you will before the show is over. I think its an amazing way to show people your politics without being a jerk about it. They also debunk and explain a lot which for me is just as good as the tricks themselves.We will go to see them again, never again will I CHEAP OUT and get the balcony seats though, do yourself a favor and treat yourself to better seats. I LOVE how they run out to meet everyone after the show and the fact that they stick around till every last person who wants a picture and autograph gets one.
2	Save your moneyThe highlight(s) is when Teller performs his illusions alone. Penn is given to dissertations, lectures, explanations, and generally boring banter about what is to happen next. The "trick" is sort of anticlimactical to his banter, which by the way is difficult to understand because he speaks so quickly.
1	I've seen the Penn & Teller show a number of times over the years; last. Night's experience will likely be the last.  Card tricks, mind reading trips and and other tricks seemingly most suitable for close up performances dominated the show.  Such illusions performed on a large stage just aren't entertaining.  Moreover, there's just too much talk and too little illusion.  While patter is an integral part of any magic show! Penn's lengthy rants about his Libertarian philosophy offer nothing particularly new or interesting--and this comes from someone who mostly agrees with the guy.A couple of the tricks were pretty entertaining, but literally, just a couple.  Penn and Teller used to be amazing.  I don't know what happened,but I would have given them five stars the first time I saw them and now they are a very weak one star.
5	A great show that makes you laugh and think all at once. The theater is nice and the chairs are comfortable. Sit as close to the stage as possible for better views. If you're in the lower seating area you can get picked to come on stage to help with various tricks.
5	Entertaining.  I was in the fifth row (center); glad I didn't cave and get the half price balcony seats.  I'm not sure how well those people could see, since Penn and Teller don't use large screens (and have valid reasons not to).The show moved at a good pace and acts were varied enough to stay interesting.  Only 2 minor complaints:  1) show was only 90 minutes.  I would have preferred 2 hours.  2) Audience participation was not volunteer but rather "called on"; I didn't want to go on stage and worried the whole time that I might be picked to go up.  While in Vegas, I saw both Penn and Teller and Jerry Seinfeld.  I'd see Penn and Teller again, but probably not Seinfeld, if that tells you anything.
4	Great show, but had great seats. I feel sorry for those in the balcony, as some of the magic is close-up....but this is a common problem with theater magic....to be expected. In fact, they do a whole routine about the intimacy of close-up magic that is projected on a big screen for those in the back of the audience, and the diversions created by the cameraman. That illusion was so excellent and to-the-point. Spoiler alert, spoiler alert ... how Teller became the audience member-videographer was amazing.Penn was his usual heavy-handed preachy and political...no wonder Teller is speechless...can't get a word in. But he's an atheist libertarian, and would expect nothing less from him.The comedic aspects of the show are genuinely funny and at times unexpected, making them even better moments.If you're gong to a magic show to be spellbound and tricked, this show's not for you. Although they have several cool tricks they don't explain, they do walk you through the process of being a huckster magician and psychic. No wonder other magicians hate them.Avoid the bar at the show, unless you like $16-20 drinks, $8 sodas, $6 water. Unless your an alcoholic, you can wait the 90mins to get your fix cheaper.Don't miss the meet and great after the show, especially with Teller. He'll actually chat with you...he speaks...and take a selfie with you. He takes the picture, and is a good photographer.The show is a well produced Las Vegas show. Buy the closest tix you can afford, or get discounted vouchers on the Strip, show-up early at 7pm and ask for an upgrade...worked for me. Got 7th row seats for $62. Would highly recommend, and quasi-kid friendly. They do swear, but no more than kids hear on the playground.
5	Great show. Funny. Love the bit about psychics and people who go to them.The nail gun routine still cracks me up. Mostly new material, only recognized two previous tricks from seeing them before when they toured.Nice theater.
4	This was a fun show. The guys did a great job, and I appreciate their skeptic based approach. I'm definitely not one who would care to see Criss Angel pretend he's a big bad ass. Penn & Teller were quite literally the only attraction I went to where they didn't force you to take a picture then bribe you to buy it. Penn & Teller ended up outside the theater after the show for free photos and autographs. They're cool dudes.
5	Our favorite Vegas show so far! If u like em at all u'll love the show! It's very interactive & fun the whole way through!
2	The show was a real disappointment for us, we really expected more magic and less talk.  We got very tired of the libretarian viewpoint and constant blater of the fat guy.Sorry I really can't reccommend this show, we have seen Jersey Boys which was fantastic and David Copperfield who really gave a wonderful magic show.  Take my advise and try another show, this one isn't that great!!
5	This is my third time seeing the P&T show, and I'll continue to come see it every couple of years.  Although some of the bits are the same, many change over time so you're always getting a mix of good old reliable stuff and something new.The show is 40% comedy, 40% magic, and 20% education on some of the stupid things around our daily lives like the TSA farce and mysticism.  They package it all in a very entertaining way and you leave the show both feeling entertained and smarter than when you came in.This time we got VIP seating through a connection, and it was really awesome.  I don't know what this normally costs, but it was really nice.  Might be worth the price as a real treat.TIP 1:  Get there an hour early.  Penn and Mike Jones play jazz most of the time, and they play it well.  There's usually something else going on too, this time we got to go on stage and check out some props and sign an envelope that will be used in a trick.TIP 2:  Get each person two drinks, you won't want to step out in the middle of the show.  Particularly if you follow tip 1 and get there early.
3	Honestly never heard of this show till my sister invited me to go. I was skeptical about going to a magic show because I could've  watched it on tv when they reveal how magic tricks done instead of paying $120 per ticket. But I decide to go anyways since there wasn't much to do in Vegas besides gambling partying and drinking, which I do none of. Overall the magic tricks was pretty good, but of course everything is a illusion. I felt like Penn did talk bit much and pretty fast so I couldn't completely understand what he was saying, I wish they did more magic tricks. He had a good sense of humor. Driving around Vegas is madness luckily there was a shuttle that picks up from other related hotel such as Harrahs to go the Rio. Overall a pretty funny show but I wouldn't bother going back to see again when I'm in Las Vegas.
4	It definitely needs more magic and less talk but it's still a good show to see. Definitely do not sit in the balcony otherwise you will lose out on a lot of the audience interactions and you won't be able to see most of their acts. They also stay after the show for pictures with the crowd.
5	This show was my favorite activity in Vegas. Funny, entertaining, and mind boggling at the same time. The show also had a lot of audience participation. It is great that they do a meet and greet with audience after the show as well. Don't miss this show!
4	Get here early as the doors open an hour beforehand and Mike Jones plays jazz piano which is nice to chill to. P&T do a great job of scaling back to basics and just entertaining the audience. Hang around afterwards as the boys are happy to get photos taken and are wise to social media and encourage you to check in on Facebook and Twitter etc. Good fun.
4	I really enjoyed the show, I guess their "thing" is to demystify the magic part of their act, but you still wonder how they do it. Amazing really. Coming from NY I didnt think the prices of the tickets were that expensive and the night I went it was sold out. They have a good chemistry & I can see why they have been popular for as long as they have been. I say "yes" to Penn & Teller!
5	Had such a good time at their show. The magic is incredible. Love the commentary by Penn. They get a lot of the audience to participate in the show. They also hang out in the lobby after the show to sign autographs and to have photos taken. Very cool of them.Definitely go to this show if you're in town. You won't be disappointed.
1	If I could give this show 0 stars I would but Yelp doesn't let me do that. We were so excited to see this show on our first trip to vegas. We saw the great reviews and we decided to watch this lame show! All they do is talk!! No magic and lame comedy, and the jokes werent even funny!!!  This show sucks big time!!!... Boo!! ..
5	SOOOO much fun! What a great time!Go early to listen to the jazz and mingle and go onstage to touch the props.Educational, irreverent and fun, this show is a must-see!
4	You won't see a ton of sexy posing or a parade of busty, disappearing women.You will see magic with attitude and humor.  It's what these guys have been doing for decades.I liked the fact that many of the illusions had some kind of message to them.  There were several bits about our civil liberties, the American flag and privacy.Penn & Teller also have a tendency to reveal how they do some of their illusions, so that's always cool to see.Make no mistake, these guys are expert magicians.  They don't fill the stage with dry ice or pump in crazy music.  Their tricks are deceptively simple-looking, but you'll walk away scratching your head about how they did that.Teller is straight-up mesmerizing.  He draws you in with his silence.  Some magicians my distract you verbally, but Teller gives up that crutch.  You're watching him - intently - and he still dazzles you.  If you're there for the coin/fishbowl trick, you're going to be baffled beyond reason.Some tricks were lost on me, since I couldn't see which playing card they were holding up.  Yes, you SAY it's the Queen of Hearts and the front row agrees, but if I'm 50 feet away, I'll just have to take your word for it.Still, that's a minor issue.  The show is great.And, as a major bonus, they run out after the show to pose for pictures with the audience.  How cool is that?
5	I was not much of a fan before I went to the show. I found Penn to be quite loud and annoying whenever he showed up on tv. I have a changed opinion now. This show was awesome. They are the best magicians I have seen in Vegas. Way better than Copperfield. Some of their tricks you had an idea of how it was done but it didn't matter because they were so polished with their act.Also it was very cool that you got to go on the stage and inspect some items. It seemed kinda cheesy at first but I'm glad I took the time to go on stage before the show and inspect the items. I won't say more so I don't spoil it.As for the politics of the show that some people bring up I don't think it was a problem. I think they had the right balance to the show but also use the show to show who they are and also try to promote discussion. I think the people that don't like the politics are likely the type of people who don't like to hear opinions or facts that are different than theirs.
4	I had a great time at the show. Not to surprising some of their tricks will blow you away. Definitely recommend the show and if you have the patience you can get your picture with penn and teller after the show. Tickets are a little pricey but they're less then some of the other shows on the strip.
5	I'm a fan of P & T from way back. So I could not think of a better place to end my 100 reviews for 2014 (in 108 days).The love runs deep for these two guys and their acts. From Bullshit, to Penn's appearances on The Apprentice Celebrity edition (and I really despise that show otherwise) I have followed these two through thick and thin.I love Teller's no speak gag (although I did get to talk to him after the show.. and he does have a voice) to Penn's fingernail painted for his Mother and Dad's wedding ring.. It's all just such a great show.So when I was going to Vegas, I knew there was going to be two places I wanted to go.. this and LOVE. Check and check.Myself from being such a fan, I had seen 80% of what they do through different mediums, so while it wasn't much new.. it's just so much more fun in person. And the girlfriend was just being introduced to them, and she absolutely loved it. I won't give spoilers..But for those who don't know.. they are libertarian and have quiet a bit of that in their act. It's just a really funny, fun and entertaining show throughout. I wasn't lucky enough to be a part of the show as much as I had dreamed I could be.. but as I said.. they meet you outside the theatre after the show and stay around to meet every single person and take pictures.. a rarity in this day.A must see Vegas act.
5	This is probably the best show I've ever seen in Vegas.  Highly recommended.  Don't forget to take pictures with them after the show!
2	Meh. Perhaps it was our own fault for accepting seats in the balcony... But most of the magic was lost on us up there. Having gone to the Magic Castle just months prior and seeing close up magic that was extraordinary, I realized right away what we were missing being so far away. People around me were commenting similarly. I heard walking out, "Good thing those were free tickets." Yeah dude, I wish mine were too! Some of it was clever, some of it was funny, and a couple of tricks were pretty cool. But nothing worthy of the Vegas stage... Maybe their tired act is better suited for Branson, MO? Let's get real, it should be called "Penn on his pedestal and the little guy, Teller, who plays the assistant."Way too much talking. The gun trick at the finale was probably the worst of the bunch. A major letdown. The worst part of the evening was trying to leave the auditorium. Because Penn and Teller sign autographs (which is super cool, guys! I'll give you that), nobody could get out. It was a sea of people with nowhere to turn. My husband gets anxiety from small spaces and almost passed out and I wasn't far behind him. It was at least 20 min of being trapped just trying to get out of the exit hallway and another 10 trying to push through after giving up on waiting. (Literally not a foot in front, side, or back of us was clear.) We couldn't turn back and wait for the crowd to go down. We couldn't wait off to the side, and we certainly couldn't move forward. It was a MAJOR SAFETY HAZARD. It would have been nice to see or meet the guys, but that was clearly not possible, which was fine, but PLEASE rope it off and clear a path for people who want to actually exit after the show. Major major MAJOR issue that needs to be corrected right away.
4	Saw the 9pm show last night 7.5.14. Had mezzanine seats in first row. Close enough to see some of the magic but too far to see some of the sleight of hand magic. Some of the magic was very elementary while others were definitely intriguing. I didn't realize how much commentary there would be. It took away from some of the magic imo. I still feel it was a good show. Wouldn't see it again but worth it 1 time. The negative of the show was the exiting. Penn and Teller do a good thing by meet and greet of their fans at the end of the show. However getting out of the theater was a nightmare. If there were ever a fire or emergency there, you would be in real trouble. Like 1000 people trying to get thru 2 small doors and 1 escalator.
5	Pay the extra for the VIP seats. We sat in the fourth row and had that up close experience. You also get the programs for free with the VIP. The drinks are expensive but good and they come in a P&T cup. The show is not for those wanting cheap and cheesy Las Vegas magic. The show is intelligent with a touch of politics and social commentary added in. Getting photos and autographs after is amazing.
1	What a waste of money! If you're looking for a lecture by a couple of sweaty libertarians you'll love Penn & Tellers tired old show. The magic is minimal and their big closer they've done on television dozens of times. The old bullet in the mouth bit. (The audience members aren't real audience members). The real magic act is the fact that people keep coming to see their stale mediocre show!
4	Great show.  Funny, good seats everywhere (we were in the mezz) and the magic was great.  I mean I was a total howhedothat.  It's off the main strip so grab a taxi (DO NOT WALK THERE).  They both stayed after the show to take pics with the fans.
1	I really am a fan of their show on showtime so I was looking forward to seeing them live. The show tries to be witty and informative about our rights and liberty but I'm there to see magic. The magic doesnt wow you at all. My uncle who is a amateur magician wowed me more at family barbecue in the back yard  i felt is was a statement telling you they are above being entertaining. I felt as if I was at a lecture with a professor that thinks he is so brilliant that I should just feel blessed to be in his presence.  Even the final trick was like setting off a bottle rocket for the finale at a fourth of july fireworks show. The piano player was talented but again played music that I would think only a hand full of people would like as if to say to me "see this boring music is what genous' love and I should love it also. So spend the money if you want but better to see any other show.
5	Thanks for a lovely evening, Mr. Penn and Mr. Teller.  Thanks for taking your time after the performance to meet your fans personally.  Thanks Mr. Teller for inviting me into the photo of you and my kids, and taking the selfie of the 4 of us.  Thank you both for tolerating our Snow-White's-Dwarf-Dopey behavior for lining up several times to shake your hands.  And thank you Mike Jones for the great music.
3	Pre-warning: This is a review written by someone who has never watched a single thing by Penn and Teller. My sister and I chose them based on reviews, as we were interested in seeing a magic show in Vegas, and this show sounded both fun and smart.Thoughts:-All of the magic tricks were awesome, shocking, with a lot of "wtf" moments. -I really did not care for the libertarian rants. That's some peoples bag, but not mine. Yeah I get that's their thing. I came for the magic.-Penn talks way too much. I fell asleep while he talked.-Teller is insanely talented and had the best tricks.-The theater is really, really cold. I know all of LV is basically air-conditioned, but this theater seemed to have the most AC. Bring a cardigan.-Penn & Teller will wait in the lobby and sign and take photos with EVERYONE. It's pretty neat.Overall I don't think it's worth the price. I would try to find discounted tickets. However, the magic, which is what I am trying to review, is the best. Also my sister loved it a lot so it was worth seeing her reaction.
5	Don't believe some of these post the show is full of magic some if the tricks may  have been seen but they have several new tricks and there a big difference from watching on TV and being there in person  much better in person there opening trick is a new one and worth the cost of the admission. Yes they tell you there views on the world but they do it in z way to add to the show
4	Penn & Teller deliver the goods. They are definitely not your typical magic act. They seem to always find new and innovative ways to perform a trick. They sometimes let you in on the magic, and perform a surprise at the end that you weren't expecting. Not every bit is astounding, but you will get your money's worth. Only real drawback to this show and the Rio is general is that is a drive, shuttle, or taxi to get there.
4	I've always wanted to see Penn&Teller, and decided to finally go for it. We found a 2for1 discount code in the airline magazine on the plane, so that saved about $100. Don't bother with the cheap seats (mezzanine or balcony), as they're too far away to really appreciate what's going on, on stage. Just look for a 2for1 coupon and be in the front area.I don't know what these people are talking about when they say Penn talks too much or is too political. That's not the case at all. It was 95% magic, 5% politically related magic. I mean I guess if you hate the US constitution, you may not appreciate parts of the show, but otherwise.. their "views" (libertarian) aren't exactly extreme.And the fact they both stick around in the hallway until the very last fan is done getting photos with them, is pretty amazing. Not all acts do this, and it's great. Oh but drink up before you get to the theater... they charge an insane amount for drinks at the theater bar.
4	Very enjoyable experience. Drink before coming to the theater, drinks are $16 each!
4	My husband and I came here on our honeymoon and were excited to see the show.  We became Penn fans by watching Celebrity apprentice and by listening to him on Opie and Anthony (before it became Opie and Agony).  We knew going in that there would be some libertarian rantings and weren't bothered by it.  I don't think it was that bad or that much of a distraction.  We did feel like a couple of the tricks were obvious but others were pretty cool.  I think it was a pretty good balancing between the two.  I was very excited to meet them after the show and get our pictures taken.  I realize that there were a lot of other people excited about this too, so even though I was disappointed that we couldn't chat with them, I totally get why.  They obviously love their fans and I love that.
2	Not good.  I live in SoCal, so I have gone to vegas pretty much every year of my adult life and each visit usually involves a Vegas show.  So I've seen many shows through the years.  Penn and Teller gets two stars only because this show isn't as bad as that god awful piece of dung show Believe with Criss Angel.
5	I've seen Penn & Teller several times, and I've treated others to the show as well.  The tricks are fantastic; and the story makes you think, and appreciate America.  Seriously, see the show and you'll understand! A few tips -- make sure your smartphones are charged!  Trust me.  If you're curious as to why, send me a message.  I don't want to plot-spoil anything.The show's theater is pretty good.  closer seats are better, of course.BUT. the real real is after the show -- the stars like to interact.  See the photo of Teller and yours truly?  OK i'm having trouble getting yelp to upload the photo and associated it with this review...but I'll keep trying!
5	This was my first Vegas show ever. Could NOT have been better. It was so awesome! I loved it. There was not a dull moment, I was cracking up about 90 % of the time. The other 10% I was just sitting there with my mouth hanging open *mind blown* I've always been a fan of Penn and Teller on TV and I'm so glad I happened to see the Spirit magazine on southwest ( It has a 2 for 1 deal on tickets). I agree with the other reviewer about getting the good seats. It's so worth it! We bought tickets at the box office the night before. Not sure if people buy them at the door, but we didn't want to risk getting crappy seats. We ended up getting bomb ass seats like 7 rows back for $105. The meet and greet was awesome, I got pics with both of them. They were super dope. Teller takes some amazing selfies! If you're not staying at the Rio, do yourself a favor and hang around the casino a while after the show. The taxi line was murder, Over all, I had a great time.
4	I picked Penn & Teller because I have been a fan of them since I was a child.  I had been to Vegas many times, but those I was going with showed no interest.  Well, Iw as finally able to go.Before the show starts they have someone playing music on a piano.  The music is great, so I was pleased by that.Penn & Teller is a comedy and magic show.  However, it's not the best comedy or magic show in Vegas.  However, for what Penn & Teller do, it's very very good.  The only downside is that they sink their political views into the show.  I have some similar views as they do, but that's not why I see a show in Vegas.  They didn't do it too much, but there wasn't a lot of magic or comedy in those bits either.  Some, but not as much as the other bits.Also, audience participation is huge for this show.  For the most part it doesn't matter where you sit.  So don't think you have to get the front row to get called on.  I wasn't in the front row, and I got to go up on stage and help Penn & Teller with a trick.  The best part is that Teller spoke to me, so that was a real treat.Afterwards, Penn & Teller come out to talk, take pictures, etc. with the audience.  It was quite packed due to that, so I didn't get to thank them for calling me up.  But it was still nice that they did that.They did push their products a bit, but they were all neat so I didn't think it was a big deal.  Despite their many years of doing the Las Vegas show, they didn't seem to show they were bored.  In fact, they stated they are always looking for new tricks for their show.If you are a fan of Penn & Teller, it's a must see.  If you aren't, well, I still say it's worth seeing.  If you want just a magic show or just a comedy show, there are other places for that.  But Penn & Teller do a good job of mixing the two together.
5	Let's just say - Pen & Teller were magical! (ba dum tsss!)We luckily scored comped tickets with awesome seats for my boyfriend's birthday. We enjoyed the show so much, we would definitely buy tickets and watch them again in the future. Can you believe they've been performing at the Rio for 13 years! That's incredible and commendable. They are true Vegas entertainers. I love that they change up their acts and throw in new ones. We were very entertained, wow'ed and in awe like school kids - we thoroughly enjoyed the show!Penn also grooves out on the upright bass with Mike Jones before the show, so make sure to catch that - he's totally in his element and it's heartwarming.Penn & Teller are an amazing duo, they are really meant to be on stage together. They are both so lovable, funny, friendly, and super nice! I'm glad that they take the time to take pictures with each and every one of their guests after the show.Not to give out any detailed spoilers, these were my favorite tricks:- Penn & Teller's cell phone act- Teller & ball act- Teller & gold dollar coins - Penn & Teller's cow actI would say I had only 2 complaints:- Photos are prohibited during the show (whoops!)- It's freezing in the theatre, so definitely dress accordingly
3	To be honest, out of all the shows I saw in Vegas, this was my least favorite. The boy and I went to Vegas for a few days and, we aren't really big into going out and partying or gambling, so we decided to see a show each night. I did a ton of research before deciding on a show, and Penn and Teller seemed to have pretty great reviews. I found the show to have fantastic parts and also parts that were profoundly boring and almost put me to sleep.Without spoiling anything for those who want to see it, some of the tricks are absolutely amazing and I had no idea how they did them. Other tricks weren't quite as wonderful. For about 15 minutes, Penn played a guitar, talking about something while Teller acted it out and used cards? Some of the things they did I just didn't get. And I know I wasn't the only one feeling that way because I got a vibe from others sitting around us as well.We didn't sit on the floor, we sat on the next level only about a few rows back. I think I got these tickets buy one get 40% off or something like that. If you can get a deal on the tickets, I would say decide if you want to give them a shot or not. I definitely wouldn't pay a premium to see them.Props to them though for staying after the show and allowing you to talk with them, get autographs, and take pictures. That is pretty cool!
5	I live here and don't go to too many shows, but my son and I are P&T fans, so I took him for his birthday.  I paid full-pop for the tickets.The show was awesome.  I would recommend it to anyone.  The coolest is that they stay afterwards to meet, take pictures and sign autographs for EVERYONE who wants to.  That speaks volumes about how much they appreciate their fans.  A couple of real class acts with a class act.I understand they update and change their act regularly, but I don't know how often.  I would like to see them again.
5	First off, big fans here, so we thoroughly enjoyed the show.  Paid full price at the box office because I had been given some bad advice that they weren't in town, but found out at the last minute that they were.  Wife was so happy because that's why we picked Vegas to celebrate our 20th wedding anniversary in the first place!  Anyway, best part, especially for big fans like us, is the meet and greet afterwards.  Both Penn and Teller will take pictures and sign anything you ask them to.  They stay until every last fan is satisfied.  This is how all "celebrities" should behave.  Shows that, not only are they wonderful performers, but they have great character as well.  Thanks guys!
5	Absolutely loved this show. It's not ostentatious and flashy like some other magicians who use lots of smoke, lighting, suspenseful music and feels like a rock concert.This is like an "unplugged" performance where you get to enjoy the pure magic along with comedy and laughter. They get the audience heavily involved with many of their tricks. Some of Teller's tricks are so captivating, the entire theater is literally so silent you can hear a petal drop on the floor.
3	Hmmm here is a thought, maybe someday there will be a magic show with just Teller, that would be something to plop some money down on.  He was amazing.  Even when they show you how they do the tricks before the next level, you still cant see what's going on, he is that good.Penn on the other hand can get lost.  He talks to much and is too much into himself.  Chriss Angel plus 300 lbs.  His views on everything from the TSA, to religion to the country is not entertaining and who cares what he thinks.  He is obviously talking advantage of the stage that Teller allowed him to share.Bottom line is I always wanted to see this show and I finally did.  Am I upset?  No, could it be better, I think so.If you are in the area, I suggest you see it.  We used a coupon that I got out of the Southwest magazine and it was 2 for 1.
4	Girlfriend and I really enjoyed the show - but we kind of knew what we were getting in to!  I'd recommend this show to anyone wanting to experience a good Vegas-style night out.  Penn & Teller will treat you to some great magic, funny dialog, and then a little something extra by sticking around and getting some selfies (Teller stayed for us, Penn did not - but he has for others).The only caution is that you will want to make sure you know what you are getting in to with Penn & Teller.  If you don't have a good idea of the style of comedy, and their outlook on life, then you may not enjoy this show.  You can tell that from some of the other reviews on Yelp.Penn & Teller isn't for everyone; but I'd highly recommend checking out the show if you've enjoyed any of the TV shows, or anything like that.  If you haven't experienced their style before, I'm not saying you won't like it, I'd encourage you to watch some of their stuff and then go.  Everyone should be able to enjoy this show with the right expectations!Thanks for a great night P&T!
4	An entertaining evening. They were their usual sharp wit, lots of audience interaction during the evening, lots of good tricks. We sat in the second row of the mezzanine and had great seats. (Hint, TravelZoo had a discount code I used, Google Penn & Teller discount codes for the latest ones).After the show P&T are patient with taking pictures with anyone from teh audience that wants one. Teller takes selfies, Penn lets other shoot the pictures. As was mentioned they are both libertarians and not shy about expressing their views during the show. Not a biggie to me. Also, I've been watching Penn and Teller Fool Us on CW so unfortunately I'd see 4 or 5 of the tricks on TV. For the life of me I still couldn't figure them out even though I knew what was going ot happen.
5	Five stars simply for the fact that they meet and greet fans after the show. I think it means A LOT to be as famous as these guys are and still make time to meet with average folk like us ;)The show was aaaamaaaazing!!! But they don't use close-up camera's (the exact reason was explained in one of their acts) so if you don't have good vision or are using out-of-date prescriptions (like me) then you might find yourself getting lost during some of the acts... Especially in the mezzanine where we were sitting.Lots of fun! It took me a few minutes to absorb the fact that I was in the presence of the same guys I see on Penn & Teller: Bullshit and Fool Us. We took pics with both -- and despite the horde of fans waiting, they were very patient and kind to all.We are still trying to calm down from the experience! It was just awesome!
3	I've been reading Penn & Teller ads on Southwest's Spirit magazine for damn near a decade, it seems like. When I finally got the chance to do Vegas (because one "does" Vegas, one does not simply "go"), P&T was on the list. There were 50% off coupons in the magazine, but I forgot them on the plane. I settled for a 40% off online deal. Two tickets ran me $108 for mezzanine seats, but our total was $134 due to "entertainment taxes" WTF.  We picked them up at Will Call roughly an hour before the show. The big night came, and...I was actually bored. I politely waited for the 90-minute show to end. The dude in front of me took a nap. I hate that, because these guys are quite clever. I was expecting more "big scale" tricks, like escaping a dragon or catching a unicorn, and most tricks would have been better up close. It was semi-interactive, but primarily with the bottom tier (since they can get to the stage from their seats). I also just didn't click with their humor. I felt disengaged, and the climax of some tricks came after too much dialogue. They do their famous bullet trick at the end. It's a 90 minute show, and I counted only 2 libertarian jokes, so it's not as extreme as I've read.I'm glad we checked it off the list, but I was disappointed. They did come out after the show for pictures -  Instagram or it didn't happen! Naturally we lost our tickets and didn't get their autographs.TIP: If you're getting to Rio from the Strip, there's a free shuttle that runs from Bally/Paris area. It cites every 30 minutes, but it's more like 20 (it's only 1 shuttle and it's just however quickly he can fill up and make a trip). The line can get long, so you may not be on the first shuttle.
2	I was really disappointed.  This was my first real vegas show as an audience member and I figured, how can you go wrong?  However, the venue was half empty and it seemed Penn and Teller just were not into it that night.90% of the tricks they did on stage have been filmed and aired on various shows the guys have been on so if you follow P&T on TV, you won't see anything new.  Furthermore, the tricks are fairly amateur.  I enjoy shows that challenge you mentally and challenge your understanding of the real world.  But this show had tricks that a child could figure out.SPOILER ALERT!!!!!Before the show, you inspect a box and sign an envelope.  However, right before show time, you see a couple come up on stage that are HORRIBLE actors.  They start to move the things around, take photos, etc.  If you pay attention, you will see Teller run behind them and hop in the box...  1st trick of the night, Teller magically appearing in the box....  If you do not have attention to detail, you will be have fun.  If you notice everything, you will hate it.  The ways the tricks are done are shown to you non-stop.So much for being the "best in vegas"
5	What can I say? I have seen Penn & Teller's show multiple times and I am going to see them again this weekend. I love that they change up their routine and they do an excellent job of making every experience feel unique. If you are looking for the best show in Las Vegas, go no further than Penn & Teller at the Rio.
5	This has to be one of the absolute best magic shows I have seen in Vegas. The tricks were done so well that even knowing how some of the tricks are done, their performance was so smooth that it was still mesmerizing. I read someone on here saying that the bullet between the teeth trick was boring and a waste but I was the audience member pulled on stage to examine everything during the trick and I have to say that I am astounded. The bullet casing was really fired and although it had to have been a blank, I marked the bullet and the casing with a marker and they were never close enough, nor where they around anyone to switch the actual bullet. The guns were definitely real and I checked the firing pin and rotation of the cylinders. This trick still astounds me at how well it was done. This show was unbelievably better that Criss Angel and it was half the price. I recommend trying to sit as close as possible. It's worth it.
5	I just returned from a trip to Las Vegas and saw Penn & Teller the 09:30 show on 7/25. I have to say that this is by far the best show we saw in Las Vegas and we saw Celine Dion, Zummanity and Criss Angel. These guys are extremely funny and downright good guys! If you are going to Las Vegas I highly recommend this show. I know a lot of people are complaining about the cost but I paid $100 per ticket and found it to be a good price for what we got. No complaints here....go see this show!
5	Hello everyoneAll I can say about this show is Wow. I honestly loved this show from its story to the magic tricks to their personalities and passion. You can just tell that Penn and Teller truly love what they do and belive in what they say. The magic tricks were great and very entertaining compared to others that I have in vegas. A huge contributing factor is obviously Penn and Teller and how smooth they are when performing and how energetic they are when acting it out.You can also see that they truly love this country and it honestly tugged at my heart strings hearing them speak so passionately about the USA. You can also tell that they have a grudge against psychics and how they show people the techniques they use to get people to pay them money to tell others what they want to hear. Honestly love that section of the show.Afterwards they even come out to take pictures with the audience! How many shows do you know where the main entertainers do that? Would definitely recommend the show to friends and family!Have fun everyone and enjoy the show!
4	I'm torn between a 3 and a 4 but the guys were super generous to appear in the lobby to interact with their audience after the show and that pushes it to a 4.The tricks were good but it seems done to me.  The splash of humor makes the tricks more entertaining.It's worth seeing if you get a discount on Goldstar or something.  I don't think I would pay regular price.
3	The guys did a good job; some of the bits were a little cheesy but the dialogue was great and they were really funny. The only part that ruined it for me was the "burning" of the flag. While I understand the point, and the message, and that we have freedom to interpret it how we want, it's hard as an active duty military family to support that particular bit, but again I understand their message.Overall decent show and it was nice of them to spend time with guests afterward.
5	WowWhat a fantastic show.AndThey performed for us on Christmas Eve. 90 minute's of fun and games.Apter the show both of them took the time to take pictures with everyone who wanted them.  Teller is quite the selfie king and took all his photos with the crowd himself. Both were very friendly and signed autographs for us also.Again if your in Vegas and want to have a great night pop into the Rio and catch their show.http://www.yelp.com/biz/penn-and-teller-las-vegas
3	Took the family during Christmas week. The show is very good and entertaining. Since we waited too long to get tickets we wound up in the balcony. Do not ever get tickets to a magic show and sit in the balcony. You can't see the tricks very well and why they sell balcony tickets to a show such as this is nuts.
2	We sat in the middle of the 2nd tier. There's no big screens showing the acts. My eyes were exhausted after 90 minutes of trying to see slight of hand tricks at a distance of approximately 100 yards. My wife slept for about 30 minutes throughout the show. If you go, opt for the first 5 rows. Any seats beyond the first 15 rows is definitely a no go for me.
5	This is a great show. Be sure to arrive up to an hour early.  Jazz pianist Mike Jones and bassist Penn jam off to the side of the stage before the start of the show.  Audience members are invited on stage to inspect a wooden crate and sign their names to an envelope that is used later in the show.  The show itself is very entertaining.  Years ago Penn used to drop a bunch of f-bombs, but he now keeps it clean.  My 11 and 16 year old really enjoyed the show.  It is probably appropriate for kids 10 and above.       In 1985 I walked into a Radio Shack. Playing on a few of the television screens in the store was a new magic act that I'd never seen before. Their performance was edgy, smart and funny. I stood there in the store transfixed by what I saw. These guys were presenting magic in a new way.  When the show ended I resolved to remember their names.  I have been following their career ever since. I first saw them live in the mid-1990s.  I was surprised at then end of the show when they ran into the theater lobby and mingled with the departing audience and signed autographs. They clearly like people. They continue this tradition today, only now they will pose for selfies.
1	Penn started the show by telling us how magic isn't real and it felt like a public service announcement telling us the dangers of con-artists. The next magic trick was a very long discussion about the bill of rights with a metal detector on the stage. Then he played guitar and talked astro physics and molecules while teller did card tricks that were not visible to the folks in the cheap seats (gee thanks).  The stage was blank with no flare or props so forget points for production value.  I felt like I was at a political science class which is not what any of us paid for. Teller's tricks were good but of course Penn had to tell us before he did the ball and hoop tricks that it was done with a string so again, no one gets to suspend their reality and go on a journey of magic.  I felt like Penn was just bitter and disillusioned (probably happens after 14 years doing the same show in vegas). Teller takes selfies with you after the show which I thought would be cool if you're a fan.  I hope Penn reads this and really thinks about giving the fans what they want, which is to get out of their day to day lives and be in a place of magic and wonder and not a bitter mans political science lecture.
5	GREAT SHOW!  Make sure you shop around for the discounted tickets.  I purchased discounted balcony tickets and was upgraded to the floor only a few rows back from the stage.  Penn & Teller give you a variety of entertainment that keeps you thinking, how the heck did they do that.  They don't just perform, they provide some explanation as to how they do some of their magic tricks, which made the performance so much better.  A couple of tricks too a little too long to set up, but the outcomes were worth the wait.  This is a show for all ages. There  is a lot of audience participation.  Clearly its to your benefit to sit on the floor, but they did use some from the first mezzanine.   Penn & Teller truly appreciate the audience because they take the time to meet and greet everyone after the show.  So come with your camera and a little patience so you can take your pics with two great guys.
