1	Very unhappy.  The man who did my nails did not articulate what he was doing or wanted (let out a big sigh and stared at my hands instead of telling me what to do or moving my hands).  He did one nail with the white tip powder first and all the rest with the pink powder first so the lines were off.  The tips were crooked and he did not apply them straight .  I asked him to cut back my natural nails a little as they were not even with each other. but he refused...probably should have walked away then but I thought I would give him a chance  I was very unhappy.  On top of all of it, he ran my credit card three times before saying he doesn't even accept debit...dude it's 2013!
1	The owner of this place is horrible. When you go to a nail salon you usually don't go with your husband for many possible reasons. One of mine is to not watch sports. The owner has two tv's a nice big 42+ in ( front and center of salon)tv that he will only play sports for himself and one other working male in the salon.  a little tv you have to strain to see on the side of the wall  he plays for the ladies ohh and you'll have to read sub titles because it's on mute not to disturb his games. Strike oneI continued to go because the girl Melissa does an amazing job. One time I got a specific pink that two days later turned beige. I didn't like the color and told the owner I would like it changed. He said he would correct the problem. I assumed I wouldn't have to pay full price for a correction but he made me pay full price! Strike twoIn the same session a lady came in with her young daughter he began doing the moms   pedi while the daughter got a mani. He cut the woman getting the pedi. This lady yelled in sheer pain. She took pictures of her bleeding toe. At the end of the session he charged her full price for her daughter mani even though the price board says half price for children . The girl was 10 but pretty tall (obviously a child). He said she was over 5 feet so she was not considered a child.so she had mentioned the poor service he gave her he and his coworker began arguing with the lady saying she was lying she didn't get cut. " it was just skin " made her pay full price for that. Strike three Plain rude, and horrible service.
1	Beware for unexpected charges! First let me tell you I made an appt 3 weeks ago as I always do with Amy, when I arrived she was surprised and said she didn't know I wanted the appt with her (I have been going there for 2 years and have always made appts with her) so she claimed she didn't recognize my voice over the phone, even though I clearly stated my name.Anyways, she had another appt at the same time And couldn't help me and because I was in a hurry didn't have time to drive around looking for another place, I stayed for someone else.     She told me her husband would do my nails and I had to wait 25 min. Then Amy must of told  him I always get them filled down a bit shorter (mind you she never charges me for that) when he proceeds to do my nails he cut them down instead of filing them and he charged me for the cut down. He also wanted to run my card as debit instead of credit, when I told him Amy always runs it as credit he said they couldn't do it. So I asked Amy what his problem was and she told him something in their language and he took the card and ran it as credit. That was the last time they saw me in their salon...
2	Pros: 1. Clean 2. Fast service 3. Prices ($25 for white tips with gel polish) Cons: 1. Did not have me wash my hands 2. Did not clean under my nails 3. Did not place the tips correctly. (I did not want to cut down my regular nails. There is a gap between my nails and the tips which shouldn't be there) 4. There were bubbles in my nails.   5. I asked him to round my nails and he thinned them on the sides which is not the same thing.  Overall, the service was OK. The nails look neat at first glance so I won't complain too much. Plus I still left a tip just because I always do. I may return again.
1	I am going out tonight with my girlfriends and I wanted to get my hands & feet done beforehand. This was a place I drove by & stopped. I have been here 20 minutes and the guy doing my pedi just got my glitter polish off...that's it. He hasn't asked me what pedicure I want or anything I see 2 state licenses on the wall & thee are 5 people working. He also keeps asking the girl next to him questions about what to do next!!! I don't think I'll he back. Should have checked yelp before I came.
4	Not bad at all. Service was fast and I'm very pleased with my nails and feet... I didn't get burned to hell with the drill either.
5	I went in today for a pedicure and when I walked in, it was clean and not overwhelming with chemical smells. I liked that!!! I could breathe and relax. My experience was very pleasant :) Thanks Lee
1	My french fill is horrible!!!!. I should have gone back to Ruby nails a few more block down craig. The older dude here is a Dick head! He never asked if I wanted my nails filled or not and when I asked he gave me attitude and said it would be $3, which is nothing but he argued I should have said something when he asked. Point is he never did asked me. NO TIP FOR HIS ASS!! First and last time here and very unhappy waving my nasty fill. Such a DING DONG!!
