5	I stopped in here on advice of my girl. Man as usual she knows what I like. Jacobi's has a great selection of suits, dress shirts, ties, and all the accessory's you could ask for. They also have a tonne of clothes that I see all over the clubs and through the Casinos that are to young for me(Affliction, Christian Audgiers, and so on). They have just recently expanded and taken over the store next door so they now have an entire woman's section as well. All the lines they carry are pretty edgy so don't plan on shopping for your dad while you are there but your wife or husband will love ya for it.
4	I've shopped at Jacobi's  a couple times now.  The staff is very nice and the clothing is quality.  Typical overpriced trendy fashion.  I haven't been in since they expanded but the store was a little crowded before.   The main woman who worked there 6 months ago or so was very helpful and nice.  I did feel like she was just stroking my ego though so I would buy more clothes.  Telling me everything looked soooo amazing on me.  It did feel a little fake because I heard her saying the exact same things to someone else on a different visit. But if you want to find lots of nice, trendy clothes definitely check out Jacobi's Couture.
5	When I lived in Vegas...this was my FAVORITE store to shop at! They always treated you with kindness and a knowledgeable staff of the latest in the fashion trends on the Vegas and ANY metropolitan scene! If you are needing to get fitted for a "fly" Vegas outfit for the "scene" in Vegas...go here first!
5	I bought my first suit and I am extremely pleased with the quality and the customer service. I wasn't pressured to buy an expensive suit, instead I was given advice catered to my style. If you need a suit go here.
1	Haven't seen them open yet. Google says they open at 10, yelp says 11. The right door says 10, the left door says 11. Got there at 10:30... Not open. Got hair cut at Roosters next door (excellent by the way) and they told me they open when they want. Came back at 11:15, still closed. Waited till 11:30 and left. I hope they're good once they open but till then I can't give a good review.
4	Good place..I don't knew what the other review is about...when I go they are open. Then again I don't go in the morning so...perhaps they sleep in our just a bad day. It is mom and pop retail store.  They have two locations...this one and the one in trop.  However this is the only one with both clothing.Anyways. First time I was here and usually every time I cost I'm offered water or wine, which is nice. Very nice actually. I usually only visit over a year it seems...And buy a couple of items.  They have nice clubbing dresses and tshirts...also nice jeans that are designed and shoes.  I've only bought the club dresses here.  They carry like savage and affliction type style.  I mean for the girls...for the men not so much. They still do...but a limited selection. Cool design shirts though.  This store is more everyday wear compared to the trop location which are suits.If you spend $200 or more you get a free car wash.  :) the owners are really nice and they have an in house Tailoring....rather there's another company inside this location that can alter your clothing if it doesn't fit just right.  He's a little pricey though.  But worth noting. Oh and if you like their clothing get on their email list. They sometimes email you when new things comes in...promos...discounts...And sometimes pictures of what they got in :) I'll be back to buy some items..
4	Nice selection of clothing.  Could use more in regards to shoes but close to a Miami feel to it.  Staff is pleasant, slow to see if you need anything which I like.  Let me breathe.  I'll ask you if I need help. Others please take note.
