4	Just opened this week in the old Corbin's location (glad they went out of business!).  Same clean & upscale atmosphere compared to other spots in the area for beer & grilled food.  Menu is quite broad with southwest items, burgers, sandwiches, salads, and more.  They have breakfast as well, which is a nice surprise.  It was quiet on my visit and I received superb service, and I'm fairly sure that was the chef who brought out my entree.  Food was good and I'm looking forward to a few alternative entrees next time.Looks like they have a decent happy hour with discounted beverages and food.
3	This place took over the Corbin's location and is attempting to be a modern sports bar yet seems to be lacking that true "sports bar" feeling. They were running a happy hour special for  1/2 appetizers until 7pm and various drink specials.Menu had quite a bit of options from burgers, wraps, salads, Mexican to entrees.  I've uploaded a few pictures of it since I couldn't find it online before we went.   They get fun points for having the burgers named after NFL teams.We ordered the Halibut Wrap, Buffalo Chix Wrap, a burger and a shrimp pasta dish between the four of us and everyone liked their food but no one raved.  Sweet Potato fries were really crispy though, so that's a plus in my book. Our waitress was on top of the drinks, if anything was at  gone it would be swiped up and refilled.  The hostess however left much to be desired, I'm pretty sure she hates her job and won't be there for very long.  The complex had a farmers market on Wednesdays, so be forewarned because parking is impossible to find! Overall, average food, not a place I would seek out but not one I wouldn't go to again.
3	I pass this place every day on my way to and from work, and decided I'd check out the new occupant of the old Corbin's location.  The hubby and I arrived on a Saturday evening around 5:30PM, and had absolutely no problem getting a booth.  All the tables were empty, but most of the booths were occupied, as were all the bar stools.The hostess was a little flakey--she actually took a cellphone call as she was greeting us at the door, which seemed rude.  Our waitress was cool, though.  She was very helpful in making recommendations on the menu, and seemed on top of her game.We started out with mojitos, which were the special for the evening.  They were served in a tall glass with a nice amount of freshly crushed mint leaves--very refreshing on a warm Arizona afternoon.  We ordered chips and salsa as an appetizer.  The chips were tri-colored and warm from the cooker, and the salsa had just the right bite to it.I ordered the steak fajitas, and the hubby ordered carne asada.  The refried beans that came with the meal were forgettable, as was the rice.  I had rather have black beans, thank you very much.  The fajitas weren't sizzling when they were brought out, but the meat was very tender and nicely seasoned, and there were lots of green pepper slices, but not enough onion for my taste.  The hubby said his carne asada was very good as well.  We both cleaned our plates and left the place stuffed.They have a nice patio outdoors for dining, although we ate inside.  There are lots of big screens for watching sports.  The logo on the windows says "Stocks * Sports * Spirits".  Not sure what the "stocks" are, but they have the sports and spirits covered.This place won't knock your socks off, but we'll definitely go back.  Gotta try that burger menu!!
4	Very good salsa. Carnitas were excellent. Staff didn't know menu
4	Very cool sports bar with pretty good mexican food. We came here for my friend's bday/NFL kickoff game and met during happy hour times, which was a thursday so all three olives vodka cocktails were $5 for the ladies. I think beer on tap was $3 or so. We all shared our appetizers which were half off. Buffalo wings, quesadillas, beef nachos, sliders, and spinach dip which were all really good, although I liked the nachos the best with all the guac, salsa and sour cream you get on the side. Fair warning though, the portions are all very big, esp the quesadilla and nachos which is good for sharing!Our server was great, considering our group was pretty large with no prior reservations. We had ice cream cake that we brought in and they were really nice about keeping it in the back and bringing it out at halftime. We even shared a slice with our server and she was very happy!Greatest thing about this place are all the tvs (they even had SF giants game on!) and that it's across the street from campus for us, so we also get student discounts (15% normally, 5% on top of happy hour prices!) Definitely want to come back, esp during game days!
3	Unless this place makes their happy hour specials a deal its going to suffer the same fate as Corbin's.  Happy hour appetizers for 7.99?!?!?!  The quality of the food was somewhere between Friday's and Chipotle.  The nachos were very large but just ok, the soup tasted like it was from a can, and the carne negro oddly resembled canned dog food.  I will give props to any food establishment that has real ice tea.  I tried the passion fruit which had a strange peppery taste to it but overall was still better than brewed lipton crap you get elsewhere. It's possible that I just happen to order all the wrong things and the rest of the menu is great but I won't return until I see a coupon in the savy shopper.
3	Waited until my second trip to write a review. First trip I really liked everything but the service, she was nice but pretty much nonexistent, it took about an hour and a half, from sitting down right away to getting food. We only got one check up during that time to make sure our drinks were OK (they were empty, and then empty again by the time food came). But the food was good and reasonably priced given the area and surroundings. We went again for happy hour and had a much better time the food was still good and the server was way better and actually checked in on us. They did have a band start playing covers that sounded pretty good, but was just WAY too loud, I couldn't talk to the other side of the table and we were on the other side of the room! But we will defiantly go back because I love saying the name just as much now as I did at rattler games a long time ago.
3	Um, they have Vista Point wine...All I have to say, but I usually have more so I'm doing it.FYI - Vista Point was Fresh & Easy's wine that we bought cases of every 4 days (no problem with drinking at all), and 3 out of every 5 times we did the pallet was near empty,or it was empty and we luckily found some on an end cap somewhere.  WAS, is the keyword, they stopped carrying it, and i refuse to shop there.  We even wrote them and they pretty much said, you are pretty much SOL!!Anywho, I like this place. It's a bar, I don't expect gourmet food. That being said, it being bar food, it's pretty good.  I like their clever burger creations all named after some NFL team. They have entree's you wouldn't normally find in a sports bar.  Wednesdays are half off wine bottle nights, like most places.  I usually sit at the bar, but I'm a belly up kinda girl.  One thing though, I'm sure Corbins was an overpriced disaster,I don't know I never went, but caamon Zendeja's people drive by you all day every day, and not once have you stood out and screamed to me HEY!  I'm a SPORTS BAR, with Good food.  Give the non adveturers a clue that you aren't CORBINs anymore.
4	Had to grab a quick meal between meetings and found Zendejas Grill.  Great service, order arrived in a timely manner and the place is immaculately clean.
5	This place is great!! Amazing fish fry!! Not the greasy fishYou find everywhere else. The food is the best keptSecret in the West Valley. All of you ASU alumGet out there and support this bar!!   It's ownedby one the infamous ASU (U of A) kickers.Please give this bar a try... You won't be sorry
1	HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE INCLUDING MANAGEMENT! Average at best on food. Wouldn't waste my time. I rarely take the time to write reviews due to poor restaurant service, but this time I am so frustrated that we wasted our time, money, a meal on this new restaurant.
4	I attended an event that a friend puts on every wednesday here called, "What Happened Wednesdays" and I had a ton of fun. The bar is intense and I love that there is another one across the room too. It wasn't too packed, which is nice, but at the same time there is a ton of room in this building. I enjoy the atmosphere. The bartender was okay... he made my friend's Long Island Ice Tea way too strong (and she only drinks girly drinks where you can't taste the alcohol). The other staff was really friendly and kept asking us if we needed anything.I will update this later when I try their food, but as for now, Zendejas you are a solid 4-stars.
5	We had a Business Mixer there last night and first time experience was a GREAT one.    Amazing experience as we were in the entertainment/lounge area and the owner and staff took REALLY good care of us!  Nice to see a Jazz Band there too and comedy :)My husband and I towards end of mixer had a Huge, Very Tasty Steak Chimichanga!  Had a Hurricane Drink too and it was awesome!We are coming back in May for another Mixer!Sandy           West Valley Mixer          westvalleymixer.comP.S.-Also had lunch there last week, tacos and the service was amazing!  :)Nice when your having lunch and having to work on computer at same time.Their carrot cake was so BIG that I had taken a picture of it-YUM!!Was a less stressful experience. :)
4	Another one of the better eateries here in Glendale with many TVs for those who want a place to watch the game and not drive too far from campus. The proportions are big enough to feel that you are getting what you pay for. No complaints about half a pound of beef in a burger :) Burgers usually come with fries but you can switch for other sides for $1.50. That would be my only suggestion: paying $9-$10 for a burger should let you have whatever sides you want at no additional cost. Other than that, good food, good location, and good happy hour.
3	I wanted to like this place for a variety of reasons; location being the top one.  I have now been there three times and can't get past just ok.  The first two times the service was so bad I finally gave up on the waiter and went to the bar to get my own drink refills.  The food hasn't impressed me so far either; arriving cold and orders wrong the first two times which isn't entirely the establishments fault; the waiter can shoulder some of that issue. Last week when I went for lunch was the best service I have had there to date; fast pleasant service and orders done correctly so maybe the 3rd time is the charm. The bar is HUGE and the bartender I dealt with was awesome!  I believe his name is Jason; and he went out of his way to provide great service, remembering names and drinks.  At this point, not high on my list of places to go.
2	This review is based upon service only - We didn't eat here.I am a big stickler for service and I will concur with the previous posts regarding that at this joint. Was here last Friday for Happy Hour. Not only did our waitress disappear, but I had to ask 3 different people to help us. 30 minutes later our 3rd round of drinks showed up, C'MON, there were maybe 10 people in the place at 4:30pm!Turned out that our waitress was also the bartender. She showed up again to bring us the bill an hour later...go figure.I won't be back
2	This looked like a place that would be oustanding but was so-so. The menu was quite varied. Something for everyone. Though they are listed as American cuisine, the name led me to try the Mexican dishes. Both dishes were well presented but the taste just wasn't there. My chicken Chimi was chock full of solid white breast meat but you know how bland that can be. I've had better at Macayos. The red sauce tasted like it was from a can. No sour cream or guac. I had to ask for that. The refried beans and rice were run of the mill. My wife had the chicken enchiladas. Not much filling in those at all. Prices for both were around $10-11.Our waitress was friendly and the only critique was she waited till we were halfway done before coming over to ask how it all was. I might come back again to try the American fare.
1	Its about time this place got put on blast.If you go to this venue for one of their events, in my case "What Happened Wednesday?", you will be severely disappointed. Repping drink specials at $3 for well drinks, draft, and bottled beers, you couldn't really go wrong. Until it comes to the point of closing your tab. When I did go to check out, I was charged nearly $30 for a 3 drink tab. If we all get our math done correctly, this comes to around $9. Unfortunately for everyone in the place, you happened to select a drink where if you're a pretty girl, you're charged $3. Otherwise, you're coughing up $9 a pop. Not to mention that you're charged for a drink you didn't even purchase (I was charged for 4 drinks, and only purchased 3).I'm not one to complain about rip-offs, if you go to a bar normally you should know what to expect. But this was RIDICULOUS. My only advice, ask a bartender how much you are going to be charged for a drink before you order it. I may sound cheap, but I'd at least like to know what I'm paying for. 1 star for being a joke of a bar.
2	Good people, clean restaurant but very very dull food.  Sorry but I have to say the only way I go back is if invited by a friend I really really want to see.Luke warm tortilla soup...sent it back, average corporate nachos, salty hot wings with a slight smell of day old funk.....oh but the salad was good.  And that tortilla soup...it came back reheated but the tortilla strips were not freshened up they were just turned into pasta noodles.No sign of a manager.....checking on the customers.  But if your looking to score on some cougars this is the place to be.....cougar rich environment.  Treat this place like a bar and it would be very enjoyable.  Not much pride coming out of the kitchen and that is brutally hard on the hard working servers.  Up your game guys.
4	I had a Groupon for this place so I gave it a try. The service was great and food was as well, they have a different menu from what you might normally expect. very good over all. I will be back.
4	I have been to Zendejas Grill several times and have usually been very happy with the food and service.  The burgers and wraps are very good.  The Mexican food is good, but the portions are somewhat lacking.  Overall, I have been very happy with this place and will continue to go back.
2	This was kind of a last minute option and kind of wished I had just gone home.  We went for a late dinner and possibly some drinks.  The food was just ok.  the service was horrible for the amount of people that were in there.  There was maye 5-7 tables seated and it took the waitress for ever to do anything.  Probably wont be going back anytime soon.
2	Went there on a Saturday afternoon for happy hour.  Initially our server was rude & nasty, we ordered drinks & waters...the drinks took 10 minutes for four drinks.  The water never came.  We did end up ordering wings (soggy), nachos (good), shrimp cocktail (good) & a Mexican app (okay).  The service did get a bit better & the water did finally come after we asked a couple times.The decor is a little strange now that they moved into another place that used to be a clubby place, but it's a newer spot for them.  I might go back to give them 1 more chance..."might".
1	This was the worst restaurant I have ever been to. Service was atrocious and food was bland. On my enchiladas they didn't even use real cheese. Waited over 20 minutes to get silverware and a drink refill.
3	The band was awesome, even though they started late. I thought the cover charge was a little excessive for what's basically a sport's bar. The food was okay. Our server was incredibly rude after we switched from booze to soda. But the vibe was fun, the band was fun and we had a good time.
2	this restuarant no longer accepts entertainment book coupons.i'm pretty sure that's all you need to know.(full disclosure: i didn't actually eat here. i was too angry about the coupon situation. ha.)
4	The food is great.  Menu is American and Mexican.  They have live music several nights a week.  Happy hour goes until 7, they have a $5 food menu on HH.  Wednesday night they have a salmon special that is really yummy and 1/2 price bottles of wine.  My other favorite dish is their chicken enchiladas.  My daughter loves the chicken quesadilla.   Not sure if they still have it, but sometimes when you check in on yelp you get a free dessert - I highly recommend the chocolate cake.  The atmosphere is cool.  It does get loud.  The service varies based on who you get, we've have really good and sometimes so-so.
5	The food and service is EXCELLENT! Best restaurant in the area! Great portions, friendly, efficient staff. I heard they opened up in Sun City on 107th in the Sun City Cointry Club.Must go!
