4	I've eaten at Engrained twice. We like to call it, lovingly, "the frou-frou restaurant at the ASU MU." Any place that has the words Pithivier, Quinoa, Frangipane, Kalamata Tapenade, and Wilcox Flavorina Tomato on their menu, all at the same time, has frou-frou written all over it. Engrained claims to be a "living-learning restaurant committed to locally grown food and environmentally friendly practices." Eh, whatever. So far, it all tastes good, or else I wouldn't bother yelping...The first time I ate at Engrained, I partook of the prawn spring rolls with a peanut sauce. I have to assume that someone in Arizona is growing prawn in a vat, but that's cool. It was really, really good! Today I enjoyed, and I quote, "Lamb and Feta Patties with Cucumber Tzatziki Parsnip and Potato Puree" for $10.95. The meal comes with a drink (soda, tea, coffee), so that's really not a bad value for what you are getting. The meal consisted of one good-sized lamb patty with feta cheese mushed into the patty, on top of a yummy mashed potato base with a few string beans and cherry tomatoes. I think there was actually a pesto sauce on the top of the tzatziki, and it sure was delicious!! Portion size always seems adequate, without being overwhelming - a nice change from chain restaurants.I haven't tried the sushi bar yet... Sushi "grown" in Arizona? Hmmm...Anyway, do give Engrained a try, and try to guess what part of Arizona your food came from! : )
4	It's been a while since we ate here (but we're going back again tomorrow). I think we had the Gazpacho, a Desert Sweet Shrimp Pasta dish and something with butternut squash and gnocchi. The Gazpacho badly needed salt, the shrimp pasta was a little on the bland side (just a little) but the butternut squash dish was phenomenal! We thought it was strange at first that you walk around and look at the food then walk up to the register to order, but it turned out OK because it's kind of nice to see what your food will look like when it comes out. The interior of the restaurant is beautiful too. Lots of bamboo paneling and everything is supposed to be sustainable. A side note: they don't have high chairs or boosters (a big problem for college students, I know, so if you have a little one, bring your own booster seat if you need one).  Most people won't have this problem but I travel with a two year old.  That's just how I roll.
4	As an ASU student I had a heard about the opening of Engrained last year and tried it at the reccomendation of a friend. They give you a number which corresponds to a table at which you sit. You can walk around and look at the foods they have on the menu for the day (which I think is so cool and eliminates the "wow this is not what I thought I was ordering" moments). All the foods they serve are locally grown (I'm assuming minus the fish for sushi...) which is nice and every meal comes with a refillable drink. Items I've had here include a pineapple teriyaki burger, steak melt sandwich, and pesto chicken panini. Sometimes they serve things that are kind of "overdone" with fancy ingredients that no one knows what they are but there's always something on the daily menu that looks delicious. In terms of price I've paid anywhere between $6 and $10 but when you consider the drink included that's not so bad. If you're on or near campus and looking for something different, give it a try!
4	My boyfriend is a student at ASU and treated me to the delight that is Engrained.  He had a bouillabaisse-type cod dish, and I had the portobellini raviolis with local ricotta.  Both dishes were fantastic, but the ravioli was particularly great -- the sauce was light and creamy, and the raviolis were perfectly chewy without being mushy.  We also split a dessert, some kind of pear bread pudding with whipped yummy nonsense.  Another win.BONUS: They serve the same "iced passion tea" as Arcadia Farms.
4	I went to an Infant Mental Health training at ASU on Friday.  At the lunch break, the instructor suggested Engrained at the Memorial Union.  I went to graduate school on the Tempe campus last year, and I'm so bummed that I didn't know about Engrained then.  They really need a higher profile.The pros: they use locally-sourced ingredients in a creative manner.  The menu offered several entrees built around Maya's Farm veggies.  My quesedilla of grilled asparagus with a cilantro lime cream sause was fantastic.  My friend said her panini and salad was really good, too.  It's nice to be able to look at the food before ordering it.  The seating is comfortable and the employees were friendly.  In spite of the confusing system, our food was delivered to our table very promptly.The cons: the ordering system is confusing, as others had mentioned.  I asked about it at the station where we got our table number, but still made the mistake of trying to order at the wrong place.  And it's on the ASU campus.  Parking is a nightmare; I took the light rail the day of my visit.  I'll probably rarely get to eat here, but I enjoyed the experience.
2	Engrained has made a few good dishes in their time. I was really let down though when, after inquiring about why they stopped labelling vegan options, I got an e-mail directly from the chef in which he told me that vegans are only a small part of the campus population (1%). Well, I already knew this, I have no delusions of a vegan majority, so it just came across as insulting. If you send a question to a restaurant because you have a peanut allergy and the response starts with "most of our customers don't have peanut allergies", how would you feel? What if you keep kosher or halal and the chef tells you "most of our customers are Christians"? Obviously veganism and allergies and religion are different, but it's never a good idea to essentially tell a customer their concerns aren't important because they're in the minority. Also, the food was never worth the prices and probably never will be, food takes forever to arrive even for simple dishes, the ordering system is bizarre and they are often out of menu items. Their hours are also really frustrating.
4	Wow, wished I found this place earlier before I flushed all my M and G at the decidedly sub par fast food chains in the Memorial Union. This place is a diamond in the rough especially for students like me subsiding mostly on Subway.My seared Ahi salad was interesting and well executed and had elements of beets, turnips, and quinoa in a romaine salad.Its a tad pricey but I'm willing to pay for quality when I get free drinks and a restaurant style setting once in a while. (Especially if I'm using Maroon and Gold)The ambiance is also 10x better then what you see at the other on campus restaurants.For people complaining about service try Hassy, PV, or even the esteemed Barrett dining halls =/ The service here is golden and lightning fast compared to that.That said returning as a non-student in the future is close to nil as I hope to have found better options but for now this is truly an ASU treasure and one I will frequent.
5	It's my second time eating here and I definitely loved it both times. Being the snobby vegan brat that I am, there's little to nothing to eat on campus but this place is really delicious and has well prepared and a diverse variety of options.
4	It's sometimes hit or miss. I enjoy the trio because you get a couple things for a decent price and it's not super filling. Sometimes its not filling enough though. Other items are good and the options vary. Sushi is pretty good too. Service is ok. They are nice but sometimes a little eager to clean up and have tried taking my plate before I finish. The atmosphere is nice. Even when it's busy in the middle of lunch it's still better than dealing with the madness in the MU. 3 stars for food and service but 4 because yes I'll admit I'm a fan and do look forward to when I get the chance to eat here.
1	The lady at the check in is rude and seems like she doesn't enjoy her job! I just asked for the menu and she pointed up and kept doing what she was doing.. So I was like BYE!
4	This is a very fresh and healthy place to eat on campus! Everything is made with fresh local produce and there are numerous gluten free, vegan and organic options. A nice break from all the greasy food on campus! Try the vegetable fried rice or the grilled chicken with the tomato salad. They also have great dessert - organic chocolate cake with strawberries!
4	I ate here while on a visit to ASU. I was incredibly impressed by the decor and the food at this cafe. I wish we had something like this where I work! The food was amazing and fresh. It's absolutely beautiful to look at. I had the sweet potato soup with a Cesar salad. Engrained has many options for vegetarians and vegans. The soup I ordered was vegan, and one of the employees offered me a sample when they saw me eyeing it. This was great because I wasn't sure if I would like the soup or not, but I loved it and made sure to get it. If you are unsure about something, be sure to ask for a sample. I'm not sure that it works for everything, but it does for the soup.When I checked out, the cashier asked me if I wanted chicken in my salad. I said no, I would prefer not to have it. She responded by saying it came that way (I ordered it anyways). Then she did the same thing to the person behind me. What's the point of asking people if they want chicken if the answer is going to be that the salad comes with it? I prefer not to eat meat so I just worked around the chicken - no big deal.The food came out in a timely manner and was just delightful. It was very fresh and had lots of flavor. If I worked at ASU I would be in this cafe as much as possible for lunch. You can get a good meal for a good price (10.00 or so I believe) and get something that is delicious and nutritious. Employees were very nice and professional.
4	This place is great! Located conveniently on in ASU's Memorial Union, students and community members alike can enjoy fresh and healthy options right on campus. Engrained has a seasonal rotating menu that always seem to feature new and local food. It's definitely one of the fanciest restaurants you will find on a college campus, but it's definitely worth it in my opinion if you are ready to switch things up. For those of you who still have Maroon & Gold dollars, I am happy to report that Engrained will accept M&G!The menu has everything from freshly made pizza to sushi, and it is focused on fresh ingredients and sustainable sourcing. Come here with an open mind and you will be blown away with some of the adventurous offerings. I love trying new things, and I can always trust Engrained to have some enticing menu options. If you want a healthy alternative to the other fast food options here on campus, I highly recommend this place. You will sometimes find ASU faculty and staff treating VIP guests to lunch here, and I have been lucky enough to be a part of a couple of those events. If you find yourself on ASU's campus, you will not regret checking this cafe out.
