5	The PV is a favorite.  The dive-iest of dive bars.  Strongest and cheapest drinks in the Phoenix Metropolitan area.  Don't come here if you are into places like "The Buzz" or "Axis".
2	Oh, the good times that used to abound here! this used to be a great spot to see some Tempe locals that wanted to slum it from Casey's or just wanted cheap, strong drinks and some good tunes on the jukebox.at it's height of trendiness, you could barely move or order a drink at 1 a.m. on the weekend, but it's popularity has waned severely in the past two years. it's a great escape from the college scene, with a couple of pool tables and PBR in a can is the drink of choice type of atmosphere.i miss when it was fun to go here, not cool. p.s. it's also the type of bar that opens at 6 a.m., so if you're still awake and partying, hitup this joint.
2	Palo is the equivalent of a late night booty call, but not a first or second tier candidate. I'm talking about that last resort option that you've never introduced to your friends and rarely carry on a conversation with outside of the bedroom. It's dark, raucous and everything is kind of hazy the next morning. The drinks are stiff and cheap, so you can get your drunk going strong and wake up the next morning with a pounding headache and mystery bruises. I used to come here all the time when I lived at the corner of Priest and Broadway because it was within walking distance and is the first bar to open on any given day. Ah, the memories. Usually relayed to me second hand. My favorite thing about this place is the graffiti. Where else are you going to see a squatting naked chick crawling with the crabs, little claws clinging to all sorts of uncomfortable places? Well on the inside of the stall in the women's restroom is where. Seconded as, "the dive-iest of dive bars."
3	You're going to find the guy who's been drinking all day here. You're going to find the tattoo and the studded and the guys who are sure to give Mom a heart-attack if you were to bring them home. Palo Verde is a dive in every sense.You may even be a little scared before entering the bar. It's dark, small and dingy and is located next to a liquor store on Broadway Road. The bartenders pour a mean drink that is sure to have you stumbling after a few. And you may even run into some Tempe friends who are escaping "the scene." It's a fun place for a few drinks, but it's a rough place to become a regular.
5	My Vote for Best Jukebox in PHX Metro. Misfits, Dead Kennedy's, umm yea, real music. I missed the sign that said "Black T-Shirts Only", but i met the dress code. This bar most reminds me of some of my favorite Baltimore/Fell's Point Dive Bars: Sharpie everywhere, stickers, tons of homemade stickers, a couple shitty pool tables, er.... Wait.. Is there 2?, ha, I'm usually pretty buzzed by the time I leave, hmm TGFCB(Thank God For Cheap Beer) and they got it.  I still have my headache from last night, haha. Chuck(the owner, I think) is a great guy and the grls are pretty ok too. Smokers can choose fore or aft exterior spots for their wildest carcinogenic pleasures.  All in All, PV is a great spot. If you don't own a Black T, only own white sneakers or think the Dead Kennedy's are Bobby & Jack, don't worry, MIll Ave is only a short drive East, when you get there head North. Unless you have a Black T, then you can turn South and hit the Timeout Lounge at Mill and Southern, heh
4	How have I not reviewed the PV?  Let me count the reasons to love its non-scene scene... 1) the dirty version of photo hunt is available. 2) you can talk to crazy dudes who try to pick you up by telling you about their job selecting granites and marbles (which takes them to all the finest quarries in Ferrara, Italy) 3) same dude can then transition into a story about that time he was "mistakenly" placed in a mental ward when he really just had a fever which 4) makes you inch closer to the one guy friend you brought with you (which may result in some poor choices later down the line) who is 5) currently playing pool against a dude without some teeth who 6) nearly fought with a group of young jockish hooligans who then 7) went outside where they were out of sight and out of mind because there are not windows or pretenses at the PV and 8) you're too busy drinking your sweet sweet PBR to care.  Not a great place for action or good decision making, but a wealth of stories to tell and retell await you on any given night.  I think I have the high score in both the male and female dirty versions of photo hunt on their machine.... unless they unplugged it recently.
4	I dig this place-First found it last year after a Company Xmas party-  Hotel bar had closed and this was the closest place they knew of-Walked into a smoke tinged room with tattoos and wallet chains a plenty- this is my crowd.  Even though i showed up in a suit and the girl i was with had on a cocktail dress, no one gave us a second awkward glance-Since I have the pleasure of traveling out to Phoenix a few times a year, I have made sure to stop by the Palo Verde as often as I can- minus the suit of course.  It is always interesting to see what kind of crowds you see in a bar on weeknights-  Punk Rock playing loud and cheap stiff drinks flowing easily-
3	I haven't been in here for 10-years... though from other yelpers reviews it sounds like it remains the same - the epitome of a dirty dive bar!If you are hankering for a run down old-school bar to get hammered in - this is the place! Don't forget your blade for the inevitable knife fight in the parking lot.
2	p.v is strange. a third and very friendly reservation crowd.  third college hip-semi-hip  crowd who seems to end up there when another bar turns down letting one of their under-age friends in...a third of the crowd seems to be a certain alcoholic, and some older working class folk...its the type of place that i feel like i ..out of respect to the older patrons ... i should not be..yet... i continue to end up there weekend after weekend...its dirty, and has the occasional drifting urine smell... when you run out of options cough* ...its does the job. friendly bar, friendly people for the most part. cheap drinksotherwise, nothing cool about going intruding on this longtime tempe dive..
4	I know I'm not the first and I know I'm not the last person who has or will throw up at the Palo Verde on their 21st birthday.  I came in their already blind drunk and the bartender served me a gigantic, obscenely huge shot of Jagermesiter on the house.  Throwing up at the Palo Verde is hitting rock bottom.  It's like admitting to smoking crack before work.In case you've never been there before, here's the rundown:  It's disgusting.  There's a mop hanging up outside that's gotta be in the running for "Dirtiest Mop in Tempe," second only to a mop used for a murder scene... although I can't say for certain that the PV's mop hasn't done the same.The bathroom... my god.  One time I went in there, and there were flies on the toilet paper.  Once, I had diarrhea (I know! it was bad!) and some fat guy snorting cocaine sparked some conversation, "Man, I've been going to bars for 18 years, never had to shit in one before, though."  The bartenders are hilarious.  The one guy, Chuck, looks like he'd beat the shit out of you for wiping your nose wrong, but he's as nice as anyone I've ever met.  The drinks are stiff.  Ten bucks will get you more absinthe you know what to do with.  Chances are, you will stumble out of the PV, jump on your bicycle and wind up home somehow, giggling like a madman.I love it there.  I would give it five stars, but I had to surrender one due to the "punching machine," they installed and the classic rock that some douche-nozzle always puts on the jukebox.
3	PV isn't as nasty as everyone says. So what if the bathroom door is merely propped up against the doorframe and the guy with the eye-patch sitting at the end of the bar won't stop smiling and licking his lips? The drinks are cheap and it's got real soul. Despite the bar's appearance the bartenders are all really friendly and surprisingly witty. It's cash only though, which can be shitty if you're not prepared. And then there's the mop. It's always there! Hanging on that wire.Highlight: The patio outside feels like your friend's friend's trashy backyard: lots of chairs haphazardly arranged around a small dirt/cement area, all of which have missing legs and/or the seats busted out.
5	An enthusiastic five stars.I haven't been to PV in two or three years. The first time I stumbled in, a Pit Bull walked the bar. Like, ON the bar. A thirtysomething army guy on leave hit on my girlfriend ("I just want you to know I'm over there fighting for your freedom"). A mailman chatted me up about how he couldn't decide what he hated more, his job or his wife. I slept in the back of my truck. Bliss.Then the hipsters came. Until they all descended on Rogue (and then Hot Pink, and then tens of other silly dance club nights), PV was the place to be seen. It was kind of annoying, but at least it was loud. Bars are best when they're loud.Then it got quiet again. That's cool, too. The drinks were still stiff and cheap. It's too bad I moved so far away.
4	Mmmmnnnn... The Dirty Verde.If the phrase "Shit hole" were in the dictionary, there might be a picture of the Palo Verde Lounge next to it. But, it's one of my favorite shit holes...It's kind of got a post-apocalyptic clubhouse feel to it, but not because anybody was trying to be 'edgy'. It's just kinda falling apart... On the worst of nights, one can smell the evidence of unthinkable things going on in the bathroom if one happens to be sitting at the wrong end of the bar.The juke box is not bad, but it kinda depends on who put the last couple of bucks in it. It goes from punk to hair metal to radio pop. The live Iron Maiden certainly adds to the ambiance when the Whiskey Tango crown is out in full force.None of that really matters though, because the PV is a drinking bar. This place is about strong cocktails and cheap pitchers, and it has both. The bartenders usually serve up said beverages with the kind of friendly disinterest that allows one to focus on the task at hand. There's also a surprisingly large selection of microwave food and meaty-greasy people treats to line your stomach. That might be useful, should the booze hit a little too hard... `Cuz let's face it, if you're at the Dirty Verde, you're either there because you want to get drunk or NEED to get drunk.
5	The PV is the ultimate dive bar. It should get some sort of national award. It has the most lewd and original bathroom graffiti in the world. There's holes in the walls and the ceiling. There's always something unexpected on the TV. The last time I was there I was watching Titanic with subtitles and drinking double shots of absinthe. The drinks are made so stiff that if you drink more than 20 dollars worth you'll be dead. Avoid the scene certain nights. That one guy who walks around squawking like a parrot will probably get on your nerves. Sometimes hardcore bands take over and play so loud your ears might start bleeding.
4	This bar is the divey-est of dive bars, but it's a great bar. The music is decent, the bartenders &amp; owner are really friendly, the drinks are cheap (and strong). Most of the people that go into the bar are regulars, and those that are not, are treated as if they were.However, it's not the most clean place in the hood. That, and the cash only schtic is kind of a pain in the ass if you have no cash &amp; you're going there on a whim (or aren't prepared).Make sure to make your mark in the bathroom.. bring a sharpie!
4	Looking for a dive bar, you got it! Been a long time favorite of mine and not sure why it took me soo long to write a review. I had some friends come for a visit from Tucson and they really just wanted a bar that they didn't have to worry bout dress code and obnoxious college students- Palo Verde it is! The bartenders they always have there are super nice- the crowd is very friendly and 'lax. The drinks are cheap that's for sure and if you wanna play a game of pool and dig some good 'ol rock & punk music blaring from the blown out speakers, this is your new spot. Definitely gotta keep a close eye out tho for it's location. You can easily pass it up if you're not looking. A Diamond in the ruff if you will :)
5	After a brief hiatus with the Palo Verde, I returned.  For a while there, I was seeing the same people time and time again and I feared that I was becoming a regular so for months I stayed away.I came back over the weekend and I'm glad I did.  When you go to the PV, sometimes there's a band playing.  Man, the PV does not need a band to be playing there.  The place is tiny.  When people are dancing and singing and what have ya, the temperature inside increases by maybe fifteen degrees.  The humidity raises.  It's disgusting. Other times, the place is just too crowded with douchebags who scream, "WHOOH!" each time they do a shot, and of course they won't just do one.  No.  If you say whooh, chances are you like saying it and you're going to use any and every opportunity to say it.  You'll take a shot to say it, you'll put a song on the jukebox you like or meet eyes with an attractive girl.  Whooh!Saturday night, I feared that maybe these two options were in effect.  But, no.  It was dead and I sat there for a few hours with my sister and my friend and we kicked back, watching Dinocroc and then Dinocroc VS Supergator.  Unfortunately we missed Supergator by itself but we did see the ultimate VERSUS match.  I shot the shit with the bartender/owner Chuck for a bit.  I asked him how much he thought the movie Dinocroc cost to make and he said, "I dunno... not as much as E.T., not as much as Star Wars, but probably more than.... Blair Witch?"Chuck told me one time he tried call Domino's Pizza because he had the number memorized.  He fucked up on two numbers and accidentally called 1-800-Condoms  I convinced him to call 1-800-pee-on-me and he did.  I saw his face sour and he was like, "Ah, man, nice sound effects...."It's a great bar.  I love going there, it's just such a nice, chill atmosphere and the drinks are dirt cheap.
5	Cheap drinks and lively atmosphere. Chuck mixes a hell of a Long Island, do it.
5	I LOVE PV!The nature of this bar can appropriatley be summed up in one word, this word has been thrown around describing the pv lounge far more than any other as far as im concerned: dive.yes and if that frightens you, or that isnt something that draws you like a moth to a flame...or a wino to a dive bar, then for heavens sakes piss off and dont come here! For the rest of us that like our beers and pool cheap, our tunes on the loud and punkish side, and our bars divey then you'll love the palo verde lounge. everytime i have been here i see something worthwile:a fight between two hobos on the way there, punk bands from denver too drunk to properly play, vampish girlies that'll steal your soul at pool with a sly wink, and kids smokin chiba from a beer can in the back alley. It never fails to disappoint! on the decor:It's about as big as my apartment inside ( and my apt is TINY!).the bathroom is about as equally disgusting as any hovel i have ever been to. There really isnt much room when there is a good band playing here- but who care's!? rub elbows w/ your barmates and make acquaintances! everyone is usually really cool and talkative, every time i have been there is someone new to meet.The PV is just one of the best little bars in the area, and its on the way to and fro from yucca or time out, so stop by for a drink on your ride home!
2	pee.  this place smells like it.  the 2nd star is for Gina, because she's good.
2	The service was okay but geez the place smells like pee.
5	If you know of a place where drinks are strong, these drinks are stronger. Good people, and an even better jukebox. I've had some great times with my lady Palo.
4	Just as I expected it to be.  A total hole in the wall.  Something that I've driven by dozens of times without ever noticing.  Yes, it does look a bit intimidating from the outside...but that flicker of doubt is what entices you to open the door and then to stay.... for probably way too many drinks. Totally unassuming yet completely unappreciated. Typical dive... absolutely no frills.  BUT LADIES, they have hooks for your purse under the bar!!! ... I was shocked... its one of the gnarliest dives I've been to in awhile... yet they have the convenient purse hooks! Drinks are cheap - $2 Mickeys- the night I was there... beer inside what looks to be a grenade... and for only two dollars... I'm in.  The best and most hilarious part is that is doubles as a small convenience store.  There is popcorn, top ramen, mints, nuts, jerky, and more... *They do have two pool tables crammed inside*
5	Sweet local dive, a Tempe institution. Great place to catch a show, and good prices on drinks. Also, there are a few arcades and a pool table in the back, along with a juke box in the corner. Perfect for pregaming or for ending your night of debauchery. Check it!
4	It's takes a certain type to hang out at the PV. If the bathrooms at the PV could talk, it would be a hell of a story -- I've seen it all there. I met my ex-wife at the PV, it didn't last long (it's that kind of a spot.)
4	Stopped by the Palo last night to see my favorite Arizona band, Twingiant, and the place was really great.No cover, nice small setup, cool patrons - THIS is a killer dive bar.Got 2 Kilt Lifters and they were nice and cheap - three bucks each. I'll be back!
4	Yo, this is strictly reviewed on Dive Criteria. The bartender was kind, funny, and very knowledgeable. I wanted a Guiness, and my drinking companion was craving Absinthe (he cray cray...but I thought, hell, why not!?) We searched for a spot which served the Green Fairy, and wouldn't you know it, this little unassuming place Palo Verde popped up.So, I cannot lie. I was a little nervous when I walked up. It's in a dark lot, next to a liquor store (which now that I think of it is a great plus if you want to after-party) and it had no windows...okay maybe 1 window but it's hazy as fugh. Some would/will say this adds to its charm. I suppose it does.I think I counted 3 tables in the joint, a couple of arcade games (noice) and two pool tables. This is a strictly a drink, and chill spot. There are a few snacks available which I thought was nice to do for patrons - Chips, Popcorn, Beef Jerky, Gum, Mints ect.Again, the owner made it a fun time. We watched a little CSI on the TV while we imbibed and chatted. It really felt like hanging out at someone's house...which I liked.OH and the thing you musn't forget: BRING CASH (There's a Chase on Broadway and Mill if you forget).
4	Palo Verde is a true Dive Bar Gem, its one of those places that you have to experience to really have lived here in Tempe. Drinks are cheap, I once got a double of Glenfidich for $4.50. Its easy to bring a group and take over, the bartender will usually wrangle the more vocal regulars (as long as your group is spending cash) BTW bring CASH! There is no credit here!If you can make it from 2am until 6am you can begin your morning here, as far as I remember (and the memories of that night are hazy at best) with a happy hour attended by the third shift from the milk plant down the block.This is not a bar to bring a date to, a partner that you have been with a while...awesome! If you bring a first date and she has a good time, it'll probably be with someone else.
2	I don't know what this bar was in it's past life. Probably a really awesome shithole where you could grab a drink and chat up a mentally ill local. Unfortunately what it is now is a place that harbors the highest concentration of douchey hipsters I have seen outside of Williamsburg....ever. Weirdly this fact did not totally bother me here. Yes all the guys have ironic facial hair, yes they also are all wearing ironic band t-shirts while the ladies are ironically dressed like they bought all their clothes out of a Delias catalog in the early 90's and yes they ALL use the word 'ironic' CONSTANTLY and out of context. But none of this really irritated me to a point where I felt like I had to find the next closest bar to get shit faced at. The bartender is a dick who makes it his job to let you know how 'uncool' you are (as if anybody after the 7th grade gives a shit:) and the barback is, I am almost certain, partially retarded or doing a really long running impression of Beavis. The patrons are pricks and nobody here has the slightest inkling of a sense of humor but the drinks are cheap and the DJ is pretty cool and that's all that really mattered to us last night. Farewell AZ, you will not be missed:)
1	Really scary place. The White Russian special that night was horrific. They added too much milk.
5	I can't like PV enough.  When I worked in Tempe it was my go-to bar.  It sure ain't fancy, and it does have that dive bar smell, and ambiance, but I will tell you the facts: You have never seen such an eclectic mix of music in a jukebox; you have never seen an eclectic mix of friendly patrons; you have never had cheap drinks like this.  All of my great bar hopping nights in Tempe have included PV.  I wish I was there now.
2	so the bartender was nice, and the beer wasn't pricey, but still. when i walked in, a thought came to mind that I can honestly say had never hit me before walking into any other bar."that guy who runs bar rescue would have a field day with this place". There's so much potential for a bar at that location, but something about it just feels like management doesn't care/has no interest in making it a remotely popular place. I think I only know two people who speak highly of the place, and all of their friends disagree with them. I want to love this place but it's just so darn divey that i have to believe there are health code violations of some sort there. I'm totally willing to believe that a year or two ago, this was a fun and popular dive, but I got the feeling this place was on a sharp decline.
4	I adore this place!  Kind of reminds me of the bars I frequented as a kid (no, not to drink).  The staff is always super friendly and the vibe is casual (think meeting your slightly-rough-around-the-edges neighbors for a drink, as opposed to your work buddies).  The beer is familiar, and ramen and slim jims are about as fancy as they get for bar food.  Never too crowded and always worth stopping in :)
3	So I came here with some friends and coworkers on a Friday after work. We couldn't find it at first because we were looking on the wrong side of Broadway. Parking lot is small and is shared by a liquor store. The alcoholic in our group who's dragged us to some sketchy places before was actually quite apprehensive about entering this place. LOL. I chuckled to myself that if he of all people was scared to go in it must be a REAL dive. Turned out it looked worse from the outside. Small place with a bar and another section with two pool tables side by side - lengthwise. I had a shot of Jameson and we hung out in the back part of the bar near the back door. A bunch of people were going in and out the back door - smelling afterwards like something that is legal in a few states up north by not here. Then somebody came in with two dogs. We got some weird looks because we're not regulars I'm sure but the bar staff was pretty cool. They have a jukebox which plays CDs - I guess you can consider that old school now that Touch Tunes seems to be everywhere. Musical selection is mostly punk and metal - perfect for a dive bar: Metallica, Slayer, Guns N Roses, Motorhead, Misfits, Dead Boys, Joy Division, AC/DC, and even a few local bands like Scorpions VS Tarantula. We all met here for the start of our pub crawl but after a while, one of the things that makes it a real dive - no AC - started to get to us and we decided to head on to cooler pastures. Parking - there's a little bit of that by the bar and by the liquor store. Note: the Yelp map puts the location at Broadway and Hardy but it's actually on the southeast corner of S. Industrial Park Avenue and Broadway Road - from where you can see a milk factory in the distance.
5	Love this place!!! The patrons are all characters, great jukebox, hot bartenders, and love, love, love the owner Chuck!!!! Saw a couple great bands in there as well. Nice place to have a cheap beer and talk smart... Go Vikings!!!
5	For the record, I only remember bits and pieces about my visits to the Palo, but I can say for a matter of fact that I love this bar. Sure, it smells a little like pee. And yeah, there isn't a patio. And, nobody is in there. But when a group of drunk friends meanders in there at midnight, it is an oasis. Rarely have we run into other groups there and when we do, instant friends! Except for the guy that just wanted to buy weed. He didn't like me much after I told him he was barking up the wrong tree. Pool table. Jukebox. Cheap drinks. Off the beaten path. This place may have started as a joke love, but just like so many other great romances, it has blossomed into a real and true one.
1	This place smells like a urinal and bums and druggies hanging out in front. Will never go here and I advise you don't either.
4	I haven't been to PVL in over a decade and I've never been here sober.  Place hasn't changed much but I think It might be a tad cleaner. Bathroom wasn't repulsive. The live music was great although the sound in that place blows. Will definitely return to see some great local bands. Palo Verde Lounge is a  Tempe institution. Great local metal and thrash scene. Don't be scared it's not that bad.
