4	I'm giving the Great Allegheny Passage four stars for what it will eventually become.  It's part of a trail system that will eventually connect Pittsburgh with Cumberland, MD and the C&O Canal Path to Washington, DC.  There is a gap between the Southside and West Homestead and again to McKeesport (more about that in a moment).  It is long the goal of mine (and my husband Rick) to bike it all the way to Cumberland and possibly Washington.As it is now, the trail can be used as a connector, for commuting, or a good way to spend an afternoon cycling, using the connecting trail.  My husband Rick and I returned home on it, after biking the North Shore Trail (also a part of the system) from Herr's Island to the North Side. The address I gave you above is the unofficial trailhead.  We picked up the trail at Station Square.  Like the North Shore Trail, it passes through urban landscapes, parkland, and riverscapes.  It goes past a lot of Pittsburgh's industrial past, including the former J&L Steel Mill site.  In fact, it can be used to connect Station Square with the South Side Works theater.  We rode it as far as Hot Metal Street because at present, the trail appears to dead end just west of the Glenwood Bridge.  The Duck Hollow Trail picks up on the other side of the river and the Glenwood Bridge, but presently they are not connected.  Plans are afoot to link them.This would be great because it would save us the long climb up Boundary Street and Four Mile Run Road (pant, pant!) on our way back.  We did connect with the Eliza Furnace Trail and then up the aforementioned streets to Schenley Park.As I mentioned, this will be a great trail system once completed.  Get out and ride or hike sometime.
5	I spent an entire day with the family riding the Great Allegheny Passage between Confluence and OhioPyle and it was a great, enjoyable ride.  It's mostly in the shade along the Youghiogheny River.  The path is very flat on dirt, which you can ride on with a hybrid or mountain bike, but probably not a road bike.  There are a few bridges which take you across the river at certain points.  It's highly recommended.
5	Great news Pittsburgh cyclists!  The last mile or so of the Great Allegheny Passage Trail has been completed!  You no longer have to try and bypass the area around Sandcastle.  For the first time, a complete trail ride from Pittsburgh to Cumberland is now possible.  Actually, if you're really ambitious you can connect in Cumberland to the C&O Canal Path, you could ride uninterrupted to the National Mall in Washington, DC.Hmm, do I sense a challenge here?  Perhaps a vacation idea for me and my husband Rick?Well my first ride on the new segment was considerably less grandiose.  I rode from my house in Squirrel Hill via Schenley Park, the Panther Hollow Trail, the Eliza Furnace Trail, the Hot Metal Bridge, and the South Side Trail (which is part of the GAP Trail) to Homestead--a distance of about 9 miles.  I would have liked to have gone down to McKeesport, but it was just a little hot out-not too bad though- and I didn't want to overdo it.  I brought extra water and I rode at a reduced pace.As I rode through the new segment I  thought, "It doesn't get any better than this".  I thought of all the years of hard work, all of the trail groups coming together, and all of the money wisely invested in this tremendous public asset.  It was well worth the wait.Oh, my bike and I road the bus home from Homestead.  It was after all a very warm day.
5	I like to ride on this trail weekly.  Generally we park down at the waterfront and ride either into downtown or towards McKeesport.  We are so fortunate to have this trail in our backyards! It is very well maintained. I rode the whole way from Pittsburgh to Dc several years ago.  Stopping in new trail towns along the way is so much fun.  Can't wait to ride the whole thing again!
