4	i like lai lai's a lot, but my lady is not the biggest fan (she says it's not spicy at all, even when she gets extra red chili oil, which is lame, she just said). i don't really like spicy so that's probably why i like this place, because their sweet sauce is pretty awesome.they have the best noodles that i have found at any mongolian place in the valley. the worker lady is super nice and always acts like she remembers me, which rules. their pineapple is too big, though. it seems impossible to find good pineapple in phoenix.also, it's a little expensive. and they don't let you take leftovers even if you just get one plate. to-go orders are priced by weight.
3	Good food on the Mongolian bbq front the chinese didn't look exceptional but that's not why I went.  Staff was very friendly.  Doesn't quite compare to the Mongolian bbq that I'm used to in the SF area in California but for being in the desert it wasn't bad at all.  Well priced and worth checking out just for something different.
5	I have been coming to Lai Lai's for many years now and have never had a bad experience!  The food is always great, and if you mess it up you have no one to blame except yourself since you decide what all you want in your bowl lol.  Sometimes I don't make it in for a year or so but the staff always remembers me and that makes me feel very much at home.  Lai Lai's is great!
2	I was hoping that this would be a great place near to my home for Mongolian BBQ, but unfortunately it didn't quite hit the mark.  There are much better options in the valley
1	First off I thought I had already review Lai Lai but I guess not. Had I reviewed it I would have given it a solid 3.Now I want to give it a zero. I don't know what happened but the Mongolian BBQ no longer exists. The hubs and I went in there this past Friday and it was all ripped out. They tried to get us to stay to order off the menu, which was just Chinese food...I reallllly wanted Mongolian BBQ. So sad. They are right down the street from us. No more Lai Lai for me.
5	I love this place. You pick whatever meats, veggies, and noodles you want. Then they grill it up for you. I usually take it to go they charge by the pound. It's enough for 3 meals. If you eat there it is buffet style and you can't take leftovers. Good food!I went to Lai, Lai after I started my review and they changed EVERYTHING! No more buffet, or Mongolian grill. They only offer eat in or take out Chinese food. They do have great taste, but we are very disappointed to find out about the change.
4	Unfortunately, this place has closed :(
