5	Brad and Joe are two great attorneys. Really I look at them as the skill and integrity guys for accidents and injuries. I have seen them working as a colleague for many years and highly recommend them. They are true litigators, meaning they don't just try to settle cases that need to go to court for justice. That says a lot considering how so many attorneys here in Las Vegas just seem to try to settle quickly regardless of what's best for the client.
5	I came to Brad Mainor after a car accident I was in; one of my friends had used his firm and said they were extremely professional and helpful. So glad I did, because even though my case was small he treated me with the utmost respect and fought hard for me in court. He was very thorough in explaining the process and made me feel at ease. If you're looking for a law firm that treats clients like family and truly cares about the outcome of every case, then this is the one to call.
1	I was referred to mainor wirth after a car accident in feb 2012.. If I could give them 0 stars I would. At first they were great but nearly two years later I still hadn't receive anything. The fact that I ended up doing most of the work and could never get a hold of Jennifer, the lawyer I was assigned too. I found it pathetic that I still had to pay lawyers fees when no one did any work. I will never use them again and never refer them to anyone. They don't care about us small guys all they want is there big clients. Horrible customer service. At the end of the day they only care about how much money they are getting. Completely worthless office.
5	Brad and Joe helped my grandparents settle their case after being involved in a car accident. Their staff was helpful and kept my grandmother informed every step of the way. My family is very happy with the results, as well as the care and professionalism shown by everyone at Mainor Wirth. I wouldn't recommend anyone else to my friends or loved ones.
5	In response to Mimi C.'s review, this reviewer has been confirmed to be a former employee who is upset for being terminated.  She also wrote a negative review about a prior law firm who employed her.  The employee who she praises in her review is in fact her. Mainor Wirth takes any negative reviews very seriously and we feel it is unfortunate that she has chosen this platform to try to seek retaliation.
5	I previously had an attorney from one of those big firms you see on tv who NEVER called me back. After a few months in the dark I started asking around to find a new one, and a friend recommended Mainor Wirth. Brad answered all my questions and actually updated me on my case. Good guy!
5	Amazing law firm. The staff was friendly, knowledgable and able to answer all of my questions. Strongly recommend going to Francine. She was so pleasant thru the entire process.
5	I was rear ended last year leaving work.  A friend told me about Mainor-Wirth and I contacted them immediately. They saw me that day and sent me over to be seen by a doctor.  Throughout the entire process I felt comfortable and knew that Mainor Wirth was concerned with my well being. I would contact them and if I didnt speak to them, someone would contact me immediately. I was also very impressed with the level of professionalism they all displayed. Very respectful and personable. I have/will definitely recommend them to anyone that is in need of a personal injury lawyer. And they handle traffic tickets too!!!!
