2	Called the office a few weeks ago to schedule x-rays, exams, and cleanings for my kids. I was told our appointment was at 1010am. We arrived at 950am. I printed the new patient forms from their website and filled them out PRIOR to our appointment. I wasn't impressed the first time I walked into their doors...but I figured I'd give it a shot. I provided my insurance cards and id for them to make a copy. My older child was thirsty and I had forgotten to bring our water bottles from home. Told my older child to ask receptionist for some water. They completely ignored her. So I went up and asked for some water. I was told, sure but you need to come around to the back since "it isn't fair to everyone else. Some kids are fasting". I had my daughter wait by the front door and no one came still...I was also told I needed to fill out additional paperwork. So, I filled out the additional paperwork. Even though we were early to our appointment my kids weren't brought back until 1048am. Yes, I checked my watch. Honestly, it was like a zoo; meaning kids were running around everywhere, front office staff disorganized, miscommunication. In the waiting area kids were in the middle of the walkways on the rocking toys... In regards to their schedule it's like they stack em and pack em as far as patients. Not a whole lot of one on one for patients, I feel... I asked the assistant who took us back how long she had been there. She told me she just finished her internship and got hired two weeks prior. She took my kids x-rays accordingly. It took awhile for her to get a Dr to perform an examination on both my kids. When the Dr walked in he said, "Oh wait, I need to do something" - but saw me and then stayed and did the two exams. Also, the assistant didn't chart the existing things in my kids mouths so the Dr had to tell the assistant to remember to do so. After the exams, the assistant spent about 20 minutes entering in the data she didn't do prior to the Dr walking into the room. I was getting a little irritated by this point. Asked her if we were finished since she wasn't communicating with me. She said my kids still needed their cleanings. I said, "Okay. were you going to do that or do you need to get a hygienist or certified assistant?" She told me she would get a certified assistant. That took awhile, too. All in all we saw three assistants for two cleanings since a different assistant kept poking her head into the room. I'm assuming she needed help with something? The assistant cleaning my one child's teeth informed me she had to stop and leave to a different room since that was her patient and she was just helping this assistant. So that's when the third assistant came in. I asked all three ladies how long they had been there. The first for two weeks and internship prior. The second for a year, also a previous intern. The third for 6 months. I asked if the practice was new. They said, "No, its been here for about 4 years". okay... At this point, I just kept thinking about we still didn't get any water and their water fountains were broken..ha. Had my kids teeth examined, x-rays taken, and cleaned. No cavities for the first and for my second child she has one cavity. I'm kind of nervous since they don't allow parents in the back with their kids. Parents have to stay in the waiting area. I have been to a different pediatric dental office that allows parents to wait outside of the room their child is in if they are consciously sedated or actually in the room if they are on nitrous. Anyways,  when I was brought up front I figured the assistants were pleasant enough. I just think the office is disorganized or whoever is the officer manager doesn't keep their ducks in a row so to speak. I say this because when I was brought up front the assistant handed the charts to the scheduling girls. I say girls, because they were gossiping and giggling. They ignored the assistant. She left the chart on the counter. I stood there for a couple minutes. Oh wait girls, yes there is a customer at the counter. It's like none of the three girls at the check out counter wanted the check out the two charts laid onto the counter, (AHH! work!) ...lol. Anyways, the chick was like she needs this and that. I told her, "yes, I understand". She told me, "I have a Monday". I said,"I am unable to come in as I work on Monday". I was asked,"Well, what day works for you then?" I told her, "Tuesday or Thurdays are best. If it needs to be later in the next month, that's fine". She scheduled me accordingly and also scheduled their six months cleanings and exams. I figure I will get the cavity filled and give them another shot at the cleaning and exam in 6 months. If its the same disorganization and chaos... We will be seeking elsewhere next year. All in all we left the dental office at 1248pm when we arrived at the office at 950am and their appointments were scheduled at 1010am. Fun!
5	My 4 yr old daughter was recently seen by Dr. Scott and his staff.  The entire experience was nothing short of wonderful.  From the attentive care and patience to the outstanding facility, I was very impressed.  There was never a moment that we felt neglected or treated like a number.  I would highly recommend this dental practice to anyone looking for a top notch experience!
1	0 Stars is what Cute Smile 4 Kids deserves. Will never go back or recommend after messing up my daughter teeth they refuse to want to help without ME paying an outrageous fee FUCK THEM...Off to court we go
5	I cannot put in words how happy I was with Dr. Scott and this office. My son had never been to the dentist and was scared leaving the house. The location was a little far from our home but I am so glad we went. My son loved the toys in the waiting area, we did not have much of a wait, they have TVs to watch while he was in the chair and he got a toy on the way out. He has asked me at least four times when he gets to go back! The staff explained everything to him so he knew what was going on they were all very professional but very sweet. I will be coming back. And now his teeth look gorgeous!
4	Big thank you to Dr Scott and his staff for seeing my daughter today. She was able to get her exam and dental work done and still make it to school on time. My daughter is very happy and so proud of her new smile. Thank you and your staff, for being patient, attentive and friendly
1	Worst pediatric dentistry I have ever taken my kids to. I have a 5 year old girl and a 3 year old boy. Once we were called back and waiting for the dentist to see my girl, my boy gets up from his chair reaches down into something (and at this exact moment the dentist is walking in) turns out to be a disposal box for biohazard needles! I about had a heart attack! I told the dentist and his assistant that my son had reached into that box and I didn't know wether he was poked or not. They kinda just blew me off and I asked the assistant as to why that box was on the floor, open, at a pediatric office where there is going to be kids all around she said "its because it's easier for the anesthesiologist" I continued with the visit but in the end I told one of the ladies in the front & she told the manager and she filed an incident report sent me off to concentra to get him tested. Long story short they couldn't help me there so we ended up in the PCH ER room were the doctor said it was unlikely that he was poked, blood was not drawn but that Cute Smiles 4 kids had just violated so many health regulations for leaving a bio hazard box on the floor open and just because it's easier for the anesthesiologist is unexceptable. Needless to say I'm not going back!
2	Even though they have a play area, a tv and video games- there is not much space for waiting. Constantly overbooked- children are running around unattended-touching other kids and scribbling on the walls. The front desk employes are standing around goofing off- there is complete lack of control in this place!
4	Very friendly, clean and my 5 year old enjoys going to the Dentist. They have a play area while we wait, the rooms have different cartoon themes and while the doc. Works on my daughter she can watch TV on the ceiling.  Everyone is always attentive and makes sure my daughter is enjoying her visit.  They treat her really well.
