4	Went to this food truck at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest on 4/26. The gentelmen that was working the truck informed me that it was a local truck and they were launching to the public via the foodie fest. The truck was very clean and the prices seemed a bit high especially for launching day but I was eager to try it. I noticed that this food truck seemed to have some tyoe of rewards system setup where you scan a QR code i imagine to get a discount I didnt get much information on it of how to sign up the sign was just out there. The truck was very well fitted i saw that they had an entire POS system setup with a clear modem and all. The ipad had a square on it that allowed them to take credit cards and it also wirelessly printed the reciepts to a printer that was seup on the side, pretty trick for a food truck. I wanted to try the asian wrap but they were already sold out so we settled for da lobsta ballz and da pho-licious "Q". Im not sure what it was but i felt like they lobsta ballz lacked something something to give them a kick or make the lobsta stand out. Da Pho-licious Q was really good however i found the pieces of meat to be a bit too big for a sandwhich that i truly wanted to share. I decided to re-try the food truck on saturday 4/27. I wanted to try the asian wrap again but again they were out of it. So this time we had da tofu nachos da meatballz and vegtable wa da pho. The tofu nachos were spectacular they made my wife and step son really like them and they are not tofu eaters at all. Da meatballz were also full of flavor and we're very tasteful. The pho was good too.
5	I saw this truck at the Las Vegas Foodie Festival and thought I'd try it because it's the first Pho food truck I've ever come across. I'm so glad that I did. They know how to do Pho as well as some other Pho(n) stuff (get what I did there?). My hubby and I ordered the delish Pho soup which was the right amount of seasoning and beef flavor. I hate a tart Pho and Wa Da Pho's was perfect. We also ordered the chicken lettuce wrap, Baos, the tofu nachos (yummy) and my favorite of the evening- the Ahi Poki Nachos! They are out of this world. I would seriously follow this food truck to eat the Poki nachos everyday. The only thing I was disappointed about was that they ran out of the Lobster balls but I was there at the Foodie Festival on the last day 2 hours before the place was closing so I can't blame them on that. I'll just have to get them next time. I also liked that the truck was super sleek and the service was on point. I couldn't believe they just launched at the Foodie Fest. These people know what they are doing. They also are on punch card / frequent buyer app called Epoxy where if you download you can get punches for each meal you order and the 10th entree is free. Pretty sweet deal for great food!
5	Food was onolicious! Da lobstah balls and pholicious Q is a must try. \m/
5	I'm a definite phonatic! ;)Tried the pho which was very tasteful. The broth was perfect n I didn't even need to add any sauce to it. It was perfect just the way it is. Also tried the lobster balls which was delish. Tried the tuna poke nachos. I can eat those everyday!!! But my fave was the Bau Bun sandwich. O-M-Gee!! That was to die for. :) already craving them n cannot wait til I get to eat some more!!! YUMMY!!!
5	Had the chance to enjoy the great food on their launch at the LV foodiefest. Let me just say....Lobster balls...BOMB!!!Big Bao Bun...BOMB!!!Tuna poke nachos...BOMB!!!Pho...BOMB!!!I'm sure the other stuff they have is good too but just couldn't eat anymore. Their service was excellent! Waited maybe 3 minutes, which was good cuz we were starving! Definitely following this truck around town!!
5	The first time I heard of pho I had no clue what it was.  My friend Micah went on to explaining how awesome it was and I'll never forget his facial expressions.  He went on to say that it's so sweet and spicy and chewy and crunchy and we immediately went and got some.  I never had anything like it and it was an instant hit.  It's not every day you find something out of the ordinary that makes you feel this way, but the first time I tried this food truck I felt like it put me right back to my first pho experience.  These guys are really on to something.  The "Q" sandwich is the bomb!
5	I got to try them at the food fest. LOVED the lobster balls. I had some kind of sandwich too with Thai coleslaw and I think the brisket used in their Pho. Wish I could remember the name, it was so yummy!
5	Definitely check this truck out!! And the "Q" sandwich is bad ass! Wa Da Pho Sho!
5	Wow! This truck is amazing! we were lucky enough to find these guys at the Vans Warped Tour Festival. The guy at the register was so friendly and immediately asked us if we wanted to sample their lobster balls! yummy!!! we went ahead and ordered their famous brisket sandwich which came with seasoned won ton chips. Delicious! I cant wait to run into this food truck again. Everything tasted fresh and delish!
5	Just found this truck for the first time at the Freedomizer Conference. Tried to lobster ballz & the meatballz - pretty good stuff. I did enjoy the Asian twist on both. Not a bad price - $5 for each of them. I would look out for this truck again, and will order from them at upcoming Vegas Streatz festivals.
4	The food was delicious, fast, and affordable.
3	Overall delicious but not blown away 3.5 at least until the next time I try more. So all morning I was all excited about going to Rollin Smoke BBQ for lunch and here pulls up the Wa Da Pho food truck outside my window at work. It was closer to walk to the food truck than my car. I had both Rollin Smoke BBQ and Wa Da Pho bookmarked for a while and wanted to try both equally as bad as the other. Talk about a food c-block, f-block.  Well since Wa Da Pho usually isn't out there, a regular food truck and occasionally a good food truck is parked there, I had to go for some. For lunch they have a "da pho box lunch special".  Choosing 2 of 5 items and a drink or a dessert and chips for about $9. I went off of the pictures on their food truck since everything looked good, didn't read the food descriptions usually the best way for me to do things. The first item I chose was the "da lobsta ballz" http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wa-da-pho-las-vegas?select=ggcqbQoGku7B-hmsjahGWg#ggcqbQoGku7B-hmsjahGWg I enjoyed most of it.  The outsides tasted very delicious. The insides however was meh, it tasted exactly like imitation lobster which is what the menu exactly said after I read it, lightly fried imitation lobster balls served with 'da' sauce spiced with their special blend of seasonings. I did no care for the insides because it was mushy like when you use too much water when you cook a pot of rice and try to salvage it. I know some people who like this kind of mushiness so maybe it suppose to be like this, which is fine.  The second item was the "pho-licious 'Q' slider" http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wa-da-pho-las-vegas?select=ggcqbQoGku7B-hmsjahGWg#FPBIQcO1L4JkJRqleDeUKg it tasted like eating a pho in a slider with more. It was a pretzel slider bun with BBQ pho brisket, papaya slaw, cabbage, cilantro and their 'wa' sauce. It was good again but I didn't really enjoy the pho meat part maybe because I always dump sriracha and hoisin into my pho. I'd ask for more sauce next time or even some of that 'da' sauce from da lobsta ballz. The chips and cinna-bao dessert were enjoyable.I sampled some of the "pho-licious 'Q' nachos and they were very good, nice sized but a little small for the price.  It was lightly fried wonton chips with pho 'Q' brisket (wow they actually call it that haha), cilantro, green onion, melted big eye swiss cheese topped off with a splash of 'da' sauce. Enjoyed them the most.I'm a fan of their organization and effort in making things easy and standing out, logos on food boxes and containers, order numbering and receipt system, friendliness, etc. Follow them on Facebook and Twitter to know where they at.
4	I just tweeted:@LVHelpGro @wadapho your brisket really is ridiculously #Pho-licious! https://www.facebook.com/rick.passo/posts/735566056470089 ... great meeting you @FirstFridayLV cc @FoodHubLasVegasReally great ingredients, wonderfully conceived fusion dishes, creative marketing, good people, amazing & fun vibe.  What is not to like about this Las Vegas Food Innovation??This truly is an awesome addition to the Las Vegas Food Scene! :)
4	Good food from guys that will make u laugh. If u see them give the food a chance. They will surprise you.
4	I don't go out of my way to eat at food trucks much anymore, but here's one that I'll probably stalk in the future. I got two orders of Da Big Baoz ($2.75 ea.) and one Pho-licious Q Slider ($2.75) for lunch. The sirloin in the bao was slightly sweet but the sauce gave it a bit of a kick. Both had plenty of filling. My only gripe is that the buns were a little dried out. The slider was amazing. I loved the chewy pretzel roll and there was plenty of tender brisket falling out the sides and back with every bite.
5	LOVE this food truck!!!!!!!!   It's not like ANY other food truck out there!!  So original!!!!  I mean PHO from a truck??  And not not just pho;  FRESH poke! Lobster balls! Brisket sliders???EVERYTHING my husband and I tried was delicious!! The Pho was amazing!!!  We ordered the wa da pho!  Best beef broth ever!  Tasty without msg!   My husband ordered another bowl when we finished with the first!Da lobsta ballz- soooooooo addictive with their dipping sauce.  When we were there they had a special dish, spicy poke!!!!!  So mouthwatering good!!  Some of the freshest poke I've ever had....and it came from a truck!I can't wait to go back and try the other items on their menus!  Definitely a must try. If you see this food truck parked somewhere, do yourself a favor and stop by.
3	Had the surf'n'turf pho and the tacos at the Vegas Foodie Fest. The tacos were fantastic, but I didn't feel the pho at all. A bit sweet, the noodles a bit too chewy, minimal lobster and chewy beef. For a $14 (I think) pho, I wasn't impressed. 3 stars thanks to the tacos.
5	Big fan of this truck .. the lobsta ballz are great and so is da big baoz ... Everyone on the truck was cool and helpful ... Will definitely be back.
5	I order the lunch special for 8.95 that included 2 (of 5 choices) entrees, chips, drink or dessert. I opted for Da Lobsta balls, Da Big Baoz, and the dessert.  The imitation lobster was firm with a nice crunchy coating.  The dipping sauce was spicy and delicious.  Da Big Baoz was served on a super soft and fluffy bun and was filled tender beef. The chips were fried wontons, a nice surprise.  They were spiced, but just wish that they were a bit saltier (I know, such a health nut!)  The dessert was a great finish - I think that is was a fried bun (yeah fried!) dusted in cinnamon sugar.  Can't wait to try the sliders and pho next!
5	I was FINALLY able to try this truck. I had heard so many great things about it...AND IT WAS ALL TRUE!!!! I first tried the Pho...ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS! The broth was beefy and yummy and oh so good! We later tried the Pho Nachos!!! OMFREAKIN'GOODNESS! ABSOLUTELY SEXUAL!!! OOOPS, can I say that on here?!?!? They were so freakin' good! I can't wait to have some more! If you see this truck, u MUST stop and partake! You'll be very sorry if you don't!
5	The best food truck food ever. Found them when I was over at Vegas Streats about 2 months ago. Was so happy they were going to be at GES today because it's on my way home lunch! Ordered 808 Nacho, da big boaz and pho-licious tacos. The tacos was the best with all the flavor! Yummy! Da big boaz was good except the meat was a bit chewy. 808, yummy as always!
5	This Asian fusion cuisine is amazingly delicious! I've never tasted food like this before! The staff is extremely friendly, price is right and besides who would've thought pho on a food truck would be this delicious! Their food is made to order so it's always fresh. I would say I would give two thumbs up and my face planted in to their food! Great job guys!
5	Awesome!  Just tried the Asian Chicken Burrito and it was great.  The mixtures of foods and spices just work so well together.  I want to try other items next time.  I'll be on the lookout for their truck!
5	Try the Pho li cious Brisket Tacos! I dream about these! nom
5	Stopped by the Henderson St. Patrick's Festival in Henderson and we had some Pho. Man.. it's probably the best I've had in a long time... seriously as good if not better than any Pho restaurant in town. Thank Jon & McGyver for everything. I hope you guys get to do the Henderson Farmer's Market!
4	Great! Love the Pho Soup. I was a little sad it was not vegetarian, but otherwise it is great food and friendly staff.
5	Returning customer !!! Love the BBQ sandwich , ate in like 2 minutes . I wish this place , had a restaurant !!! They know me here and I give shouts in line to people , that they should eat here , it's unique Asian fusion cuisine with personality and great flavor ! #wadapho #youramazing #yummy #cantgetenough
1	Terrible pho. The soup has no flavor. It's like eating noodles and meat with water. I wouldn't eat here again. I tried them out at the annual foodie fest, 2014.
