3	Visited Sticki Rice while in Dilworth the other day. If the name hasn't given it away already, it has lots of asian looking home decor and furniture items in it. Although their slogan is "Bring the World Home", it should really say "Bring Asia Home". It was a pretty cool place, and among all of the large and small furniture pieces you will find other home accents, purses, candles and the like. The furniture prices varied, from very expensive to reasonable. Being that these are true antiques, all of the pricing seemed about right. I really liked the set up of it as well; it is like a house and you can bounce from room to room checking out items. Be sure to watch out for the brass hand sticking out the inside of the door when you come in, it freaked me out!!
5	Sticki Rice is a very cool, unique shop in Dilworth. They've got tons of different items from Asian countries, but I especially love their wide selection of jewelry and purses. I've gotten several large necklaces there, as well as rings and bracelets. They've had some huge 40% off sales lately, so definitely check it out ASAP. It would be a good place to find some affordable Christmas presents.
3	My buddy's girlfriend recently dragged us to Sticki Rice. Definitely not my thing, but pretty cool shopping as far as that goes. Not that I was buying anything, but there was some really interesting, funky furniture and other home appliances, if that's what you call them. My friend but some wacky asian-themed (I think) jewelry; I wasn't much of a fan, but she thought it was pretty rad. This store is definitely for the type of person who still uses words like "rad" and "funky." Check it out, though--if that's your scene. Not too far from downtown CLT in dilworth.
3	Sticki Rice grabbed my attention from the street and I just had to check it out. The store is completely zen-themed with fans, hands, and statues. The store offers a great variety of home decor and accessories. In addition, they offer fun jewelry at reasonable prices (they were running a deal today that every piece of jewelry was $10). If you are looking for an Asian-esce look, you'll want to check out Sticki Rice.
3	This is now out of business.
