3	A nice hotel overall, besides the fact that when you (we) check into a smoking room, you get a ashtray preloaded with cigarette butts. the decor is nice, a little out dated but clean. Breakfast is the usual fare, the pool and jacuzzi areas are nice, especially when it's 104 degrees at 10 pm. The staff is very friendly. I found a Bible museum in the lobby, really, a room dedicated to the bible with artifacts to view or buy if you choose.
5	I'm not sure what the negative ratings are all about.  This is the nicest Hampton Inn I've stayed in... ever... and as a Five-Year Diamonds Hhonors member, I should know.Front staff was excellent during a quick check in and helpful with dining options (many close by within walking distance).The grounds are lush and well maintained and hotel has an almost "Brand New" feel to it.  Not sure when it was built.I stay here frequently and we put up visitors to our business in this hotel as well.The breakfast?  It's the same as every other Hampton Inn I've ever been to.
4	Basic clean Hampton with smoking room options ( I landed up with a smoking room,as that was all that was left but it was cleaned nicely and well -ventilated, minimal smell)Walking distance to a couple restaurants, good location to other businesses.  Parking lot very full late at night.
3	The hotel itself is one of the best that I have been too. They have a grand entrance, a great pool, and an outdoor basketball hoop. The three star rating is due to staff and the lack of treating Diamond Members. This could have easily been a five star had they known the loyalties that come with their honors members. I was very displeased.
4	Checking an old friends in they say they love it
5	The rooms are old school, not the latest style for a Hampton but the beds like all locations was very nice. The girl at the front Counter was very nice and I got a free upgrade so I guess you can say my stat is as good as it gets. 5 stars all the way!
5	Easy to find off the highway. There are plenty of restaurants to get a good dinner, within walking distance. Most importantly,  CLEAN. GOOD PRICE. COMFORTABLE.  Breakfast is included :-)
