3	I am so excited to be able to review things in Montreal, and extra excited this is my first thing to review!This is adjacent to the Jardin Bontanique (so you might as well get the full ticket package, though truth be told I found the Jardin to be underwhelming)The Insectarium is, as the name implies, a museum dedicated to insects. If you like mounted insects, this is the place for you. If you like watching living insects, maybe not so much, as there are only a handful of exhibits that feature live insects.The museum is two levels, the first being predominantly mounted insects and how they have been utilized in various cultures for jewelry, pigment, torture, etc. Downstairs is a more sprawling exhibit that includes more of the live insects, including this amazing ant colony, where one side is the nest, and the other side is their food source, so you can watch ants crawling over vines bringing food home. It's really amazing. They also have the mandatory honeybee hives (which make sense since it's connected to a large garden) and an amazing Goliath Beetle who will fascinate you (or make your skin crawl)
4	Possibly one of the best ideas for a museum.  The bee-hive-behind-glass-connected-to-a-tube-that-goes-outside is pretty dang cool.Just wish it was bigger and ya know with more alive insects instead of dead ones.
5	i love specialty shops and rarities.no where else to go in north america to see such a grand collection of insects.  unfortunately most of them are dead but they are very well mounted and you can study them so well.kids absolutely love this place.the live insect exhibits are really cool, the ants, the bees, and even the roaches.  i walked out of there with a greater appreciation for these animals.
3	I was so excited to go to the Insectarium. I mean who wouldn't at least be  curious about a museum of bugs?Once inside I was surprised at how small the Insectarium was. It's a good thing bugs are so small so that they still have a pretty sizable collection, but it still felt a little disappointing. There's not that many living insects on display. There's something that makes rows of dead bugs pretty easy to just breeze by where terrariums of living specimens doing little buggy things actually command your attention and time a little bit more.The museum is very kid-oriented. There's not a lot of information about the specimens except for their names and their area of origin. The interactivity level is quite low, but the under 10 set seems to really enjoy the collections.Unless you're going with kids who love insects you're safe to skip it.  There's nothing spectacular or unique in this rather small collection. Overall, I was pretty disappointed. This place has a lot of potential but they really need to make some changes.
4	It's not some place I really go each year, though it is a must for the family and for curious people of all ages. George Brassard was a Notaire (Laywer) and after a career, quit everything for his passion for insects. He's got a gift, a talent to make people believe some creature you'd usually find creepy to be magnificent. He gave his whole collection to the Insectarium, over 100K of specimen. This unique place promote the knowledge of those creature and fight against some predjudice we always have based on the fact we found those spiders or scarab ugly.To discover the exciting world of insect, at least 1 visit is a must. Fun things: They organized tours in English and French. Not really expensive. They organize Insect Cuisine too: Weird but fun! No Recipe is focussing on the taste of the guts, so it's not that discusting, really!I'd recommand people to check on youtube some clips of Insectia the documentary turns with Georges Brassard
4	I don't like bugs - not even the so-called cute ones (e.g. ladybugs and butterflies). The Insectarium does a great job at removing the gross factor because most of the bugs have been preserved and mounted behind glass. There are live insects as well - but they're all inside sturdy-looking tanks. If anything, I think I became less scared of household bugs (i.e. your average ant and moth) after seeing some of their monstrous cousins in person.The Insectarium is actually located inside the Montreal Botanical Garden - it's the building to your right when you enter. Both the Insectarium and Botanical Garden are included in the Nature Package at the Biodome for only $21 if you're a college student (normally $28 per adult).
5	My son loves this place. A world class collection of insects along with the coolest indoor/outdoor beehive you'll ever see
4	Came here on an afternoon walk. Being a tourist, i wasn't sure where it was, so I wandered around Olympic park for a  good while until I found a map that lead me there. I enjoyed the bugs in crystal balls lined pathway that led to the wrong place. Lots of cool bugs encased in crystal balls on posts. Very cool.  After spending some time, I finally found the front door of this place, and entered. A single adult ticket was about $17.     The museum itself is kinda small. But it's jam-packed with tons of information. the exhibits are informative and many of them are hands-on. The walking stick tank is massive and incredible. There are some walking sticks in there that are at least a foot long.  In addition to their live bug collection, their walls are adorned with thousands of preserved bugs in cases. Many of them very beautiful and interesting.     A group of small school kids were having a presentation, and I listened in for a bit.  I enjoy picking up bits of information from tours already in progress. The docent pulled a massive bug out of a small plastic tank and let it dangle on her hand like a dried leaf.  She showed the kids and they "ooooohed" and "aaaaaaahed" as small children tend to do.  It was neat.     I spent a few hours there among the bugs, and on my way out, hoped to get a magnet, or post card or small replica plastic bug of some kind. Then I discovered this place has no gift shop. Bummer.     Great place, good exhibits, no gift shop. Kinda hidden in the botanical gardens. (which are also nice by the way)  I'll definitely go again whenever I return to Montreal.
5	I am not a fan of bugs, but this is a great place to bring children.  The exhibits are well presented to make it interesting for children. Not for Adults that are sqiurmish.
3	It's hard to review this as it is mostly geared for kids. Since I am not a kid and not currently have kids that I know of, it was a tad boring. All the kids there really seemed to enjoy themselves so if you are a family, you should go see it. If you don't have kids, them not really bother.
4	If you like bugs this is the place for you..
3	This is included as part of the admission to the Jardin de Botanique. It is quite a small building filled with lots of information on everything that happens to insects with a few live ones to look at, and lots of dead ones. It is a bit interesting especially seeing some of the insects you would never get to see in real life but its not something I would race out to visit again unless I was bug obsessed. Kids seem to enjoy looking at all the bugs and the Ant Farm is pretty neat to watch but take the kids to a park and let them find some live bugs.
5	If you visit the fantastic and expansive gardens you may be tempted to skip the Insectarium due to exhaustion, but DO NOT MISS IT!  The insect displays begin outside the building and include fun viewing activities for the kids.  And inside the building are amazing displays of all kinds of creatures, including (these are all my names, not the technical ones) 14 carat gold beetles, walking sticks, gigantic "sword" bearing roaches, exotic  colored centipedes, intricately winged dragonflies and furry winged "winter" butterflies (and so, so many other specimins).  Plus roving "on the spot" carts with live insects on display described by a curator (let one run across your hand if you dare - I did!).  But my favorite thing?  The Leafcutter ants exhibit.  I could have easily watched them for hours, making their long perilous cross-country trek (well, surely that's how they must see it) to ensure the nest's survival; overcoming all sorts of obstacles to make it to the other side with their precious leaf cargo in tow.  I found myself critiquing certain ants for "lazy" work while rooting for others to make it home with leaf bits twice their size.   Never has any TV drama been this compelling.
3	Relatively small. Price is paired with the botanical gardens which was a cold experience in November. The exhibits are interesting once you get in, lots of insects that are either dead or recreations to see. A good amount of live ones too that will make you cringe to look at. Huge Spiders, stick bugs, Beetles, a cool ant exhibit. If you like bugs you should check this out. If you have to choose biodome or insectarium/botanical gardens, go with the bio dome.
4	Bugs.Love 'em or Hate 'em, the Insectarium is one of the coolest places to go and look at them. Personally, I hate most bugs, but I loved being able to examine them up close and read about them in detail. I am deathly afraid of Spiders, but seeing them in a contained environment where  I knew they couldn't jump on me was wicked! I think most of the fear of anything is the unknown. Getting to know these creatures in a more personal way, make me a little less creeped out by bugs in general.My boyfriend and I went here together, but this would definitely be cool for kids-- or for anyone who likes nature and learning more about the creatures that inhabit it.Price is decent since it includes admission to the Botanical Gardens.
4	Plan to go if you plan on going to the gardens as well because this is small. Although many cool bugs and things that made my skin crawl. Fantastic ant colony that you can see in action and we even saw some bugs humping. Just wish it wasn't so short.
4	A museum full of bugs, mostly dead ones on pins. You will see beetles as big as your hands.
3	a bug museum, it gives me the chill.. at the same time, you'd think it'll be awesome but it isn't.i don't like bugs but learning about them is extremely interesting! on the other hand, there isn't much going on. found the museum to be way too small or my hopes were too high. if you're a kid or going on a field trip, it'll be one of the best thing you'll see. as an adult, quite underwhelming.anyway, access to the insectarium is included in the price of admission (of the botanical gardens or whatever else exhibit going on)i still can't look at spiders..
5	The only disappointment was there was no gift shop.Came here on a Sunday in November and wandered through the bilingual displays. Lots of bugs, as you would expect, but it's charming in the stories it tells. The ant colony is amazing. I'm not that interested in insects, but if you've got a little time to spare and a curious mind, you'll enjoy it.
