4	Appellations Wines is a cut above a lot of swanky wine emporiums in Scotland, and light years ahead of the selection you can get in your local supermarket.I'm not a wine snob in the slightest - it's actually taken me 22 years to like the stuff (I'm more a rum girl) - but quality comes seeping out of this place. Appellation Wines handpick only the best wines from abroad, which is actually where I developed a better sense of wine. Call me predictable, but it was when I was in Paris for the first time that it dawned on me that wine could be nice. Most of the stuff I'd tried back at home had been conveniently cheap, and I had to flavour it with Robinson's diluting juice (a bad sign in itself, but that's what I subscribe to in desperate times).Appellation Wines offer a lovely alternative to that situation. Stocking wines from the best vineyards from all over the world, the wine in here is cheap considering the length it has travelled. I'm no wine fanatic but they sell a nice Rose Merlot, and although they have more expensive wines if you're in the mood for something with the wow factor, most of their bottles are cheap enough to leave you astounded.A lovely, tastefully decorated shop that will take your taste buds all over the globe (and no doubt to some wines which you've never tasted), this is a great place for someone who knows their wine to buy a bottle as much as it is for someone (like me) who doesn't really know where to start. Their staff are very friendly, and will help you out if you are in need of some assistance. With its grest stock, it's perfect if you're looking to pick up a bottle for a night in, and equally good if you're looking for a tasteful present!
5	I look at Appellation Wines much more from a beer lovers point of view and i havent actually ever bought any wine there yet! The shop is an excellent source of both quality craft beer from Scotland as well as the rest of the world, with a fair emphasis on American craft ales which is fantastic as they can be hard to get hold of.I think the prices are fair and the staff i have found are really helpful and the owner in particular is enthusiastic and knowledgable which is all you can ask for really!
4	I'm not a wine drinker at all really and I only ever have it on special occassions, but after just a short look around Apppellation Wines I could tell that it's the place to come if your serious about good wine.  It has an amazing range of red and white wines which are sourced from all around the world.  New Zealand, Portugal and even USA are just some of the locations from which they find their products.  Each geographical region gives rise to wine with its own distinct flavour due to differences in soil nutrition blah blah.  The staff are more than happy to talk you through all the different varieties on offer, especially to wine novices like myself.Some of them are very, very expensive, but you're obviously paying for aroma, maturity and all that jazz.  Definitely worth having a look if wine is your thing.
4	If you are one of those people who simply cannot get enough of wine then, even if it does mean a trip out of your way, this will be a place you will want to add to your list of shops to visit.  This place isn't just a wine shop where you can pick up a few cheap wines chosen to ensure that every well known wine making country gets decent representation whilst choosing the specific wines to offer based upon how well they reflect on the profit margins - this is a place where they were chosen because they deserved to be chosen.You can tell by the types and quality of wine of offer that this place is a bit different and that most of the stock has been hand picked because it justifies its place by being purely and simply good wine.  The people working at the store have taken the trouble to select out some of the best wines on offer so a slight trip out of the way to come here seems insignificant in comparison and it's a trip out that won't be wasted.
