5	Always a destination when the family is in town from Colorado.  As for me, I'm spoiled, just three short miles north on Central.  You just can't beat a breakfast of a lovely hot Chai latte and a bagel and cream cheese...all for about $5.  LIke I said, I'm spoiled :)
4	It's hard to find something bad about Aj's. The food they carry is unwaveringly good, the coffee they serve never disappoints, and they have one of the best florist shops in town. It all comes at a premium, but one that is almost universally worth the extra cost. I highly recommend stopping by on Thursday's, when they do outside BBQ lunches. Great side dishes and great sandwiches all around. I just wish there was more than one Thursday per week.
5	Gourmet markets, to me, are like candy shops to a sugar freak. "Hello, my name is Thomas. And I am a FoodAholic." There I said it. Do you feel better. Huh? Oh. Sorry. Didn't mean to get so defensive. But how can you defend AJ's? How? How I ask you? Ok, so it's REALLY expensive. And, yes, they should provide a blood donor center at the entrance to give cash on the spot for shoppers plasma. I HATE huge markets. Fry's too big. Safeway just right. AJ's just right and then some. The produce section is perfection. Not mounds and mounds of produce you know is wrinkling and rotting more than Bea Arthur in season 6 of the Golden Girls. Cute little baskets hold just enough fruit and veggies to select from and not too much where you know it's all riddled with germs and spiddle. The meats and cheeses? Oh, my! The filet (at a whopping $34.99 a pound) is worth every bite. Of course it'll be a year or so when I would pay that much again. Hello? Blood donation station idea! The ready made food is dee lish...curry chicken salad and brocolli delight to name two. Yes, it' s called brocolli delight. My gay ass did not name it. I would have called it beautiful broccoli. Just rolls off the tongue better. I've never had a cart wobble...see Fry's review...they ride smooth and apparently are good for the enviornment. Flowers, baked goods, dishes....AJ's. It's here. I'm queer. Get used to it.
5	UPDATE (11/26/07): If you're craving a home-made pizza, you can buy pizza dough at this particular location. It's from their little corner "Italian bistro" where they actually make pizzas. Imagine that. They have a simple menu too, and you can call in your order. That's cool. What's even cooler, though, is buying the dough and make your own special pizza, which I did. The crust turned out great!* * *Here is where I'll find my new favorite bread, AJ's brand. It's multi-grain, only 70 calories a slice with 6 grams of protein in each delicious cut. I couldn't ask for more. But, since I sometimes go shopping for more than bread, I know you can find pretty much anything at this AJ's, especially when making unique and exciting dinner entrees. From cheeses to nuts to produce and wine, you'll find what you need here. If you have any trouble, just ask. The people working here are really quite friendly. I actually enjoy going to a grocery store - GASP - so I can tell you that this place far outshines other retailers. Of course, it far outprices them, too. But, if it's a special affair or you just don't care, then this AJ's is for you. I love how it's in walking distance too, situated in an easy-access plaza that offers other interesting treats, too, like Booster Juice and Sweet Tomatoes. Oh, did I mention this place has a great beer selection? You can buy the 6-pack, sure, but for those nights when you're uncertain of what you're craving, you have the option of buying a single beer - mix and match, if you will - and not choking on the cost. Single beers here are cheaper than what you'll find at the bar. Granted, although it comes chilled, you can't open it on the spot. Wouldn't it be great if you could? (Beer tasting, anyone?!)If you're not fond of beer (my god, what's the matter with you?), then peruse the liquor or wine selection. You can even find Mexican tequila that isn't your typical Jose. As for wine, I have always loved AJ's selection. Now I love them even more after discovering my new favorite Italian meritage. Cheers!
5	My favorite grocer... Each location has something a little different.  FLW and Thompson Peak has great sushi! and their bakery is heavenly.
5	I don't care much for Basha's and I really can't stand Food City (see Phoenix Ranch Market), but AJ's is how the Basha family does it right.  My friend Bobo and I didn't even flinch yesterday when our total for two ribeye steaks, asparagus spears and corn cobs came out to nearly $50, because we knew we were getting high-quality grub.I don't come here often these days, probably because I used to come here all the time when I dated some pretentious A-HOLE a while back who preferred AJ's at all costs.  But I do come here when I prepare for dinner parties I'm hosting, go to brunches or just want to feel nostalgic for Bristol Farms and Gelson's from back home.You can never go wrong with ANY of their food whether its croissants or desserts from their boulangerie (which is French for "I'm a fancy bakery you can't afford, you chump"), the butcher block, pizza counter or cheese deli.But my absolute favorite part about AJ's is their wine selection and florist area.  I was gratifyingly reassured when I showed up to the home of Kristin S one day with the same exact cava, that lo and behold, we both religiously drink.  And when you're on the run you can always be sure they will have a trained wine sommelier help you in a pinch and chill a bottle for you in minutes.If you're looking to be romantic and get laid, this is a one-stop shop with the fresh fruit salad in the deli case, cheeses, wine, chocolate selection, flowers all under one roof -- plus Castle Boutique is just one block over.  Score!
4	I rarely make the trip through the construction riddened Camelback Road and congested Central Avenue; but when I do make the trip, it's worth it!Although the entrance of this place is on the opposite side of the bakery, my nose always finds it first! i don't know if it's the oh so purdy danishes and treats or the if it's the smell of all these things baking!! hmmmmmmmmmm...either way, I can't leave without a cream puff the size of my fist! I always look at the deli but nothing has ever jumped out at me. I LOVE the cheese section! i want to sample and buy everything!! I've had caught myself daydreaming on how I could possibly steal one of the large wheels of REAL parmesano. The wheels are still turning on that one! But alas, I haven't the balls to pull of that great caper. But I do have the balls to talk a little shop with the butchers who are always helpful and pretty funny once you repeat that one joke from the Chris Farley classic Black Sheep. I am always tempted to ditch the puff for a well marbled ribeye steak. However, my limited funds usually keeps me faithful to my sweet cream puff! Onwards I go to the Italian "shoppe" that doesn't really speak to me. I've had it and I totally didn't write home about it. But the produce!! oh my gosh!! My head whirls and spins about all the possiblities when I browse through the produce section. The organics that will spoil the second I bring it home... the tried and true pure produce that is bright and fragrant and in a good way! unlike some of the stuff that can be found in the more run down Food Citys in this town. I really like being inspired by food to make even better food. And quality really plays a huge role in inspirational food. So go, and press your nose up on the bakery's glass display case showcasing it's decident sweet goods and dont' shoplift any cheese! Talk shop with the butchers and be inspired by all the products in the store. Even chat up an employee or two, inspiration loves company! Have fun, take your time and don't forget you wallet!!
5	high end gourmet, speciality store. pricey, but great place for wine, cheese, meats and cigars!
5	This review is actually not about the store and instead about the pizza.  I think the first time I ordered the pizza, I was just really hungry and I saw they had pizza.  After the first bite, I new this was going to be one of my "go to" pizza places.  I will take a cheese pizza above anything they have to offer.  It is thin, cheesy and so NEW YORK style.  I usually get myself a pizza and a Henry Weinhardts bottled Root Beer and I'm set.  Throw away that Domino's number and give AJ's a call!
5	This is the store we shopped when we lived up the street. I like the size of the store, unlike other stores this size such as Trader Joes which drives me crazy. I really liked the choice of veggies since there is nothing better than a good salad or side dish. The meat counter has a great selection of meats and fish along with a few products put together for you and just cook. If I could not find somethng they often would order it for me and that was wonderful. Good cheese selection too is great. One thnig I did not usually enjoy was the pastry, it looks great but little flavour. And as for the prepared food counter, I looked often and thought it looks great but never bought anything. I preferred to cook. But most of all this store is always so well kept and organized with very helpful employees.
5	Yes it is pricey...  Lets just get that out of the way now.  AJ's is expensive.  They do however provide the service and selection to back it up.AJ's has excellent quality meat and produce (though I normally purchase those items elsewhere), a diverse selection of less common grocery goods, and a phenomenal wine/liqueur/beer selection.  Their employees are very courteous and well trained and the head of each department knows their product very well!  If you are looking for something that is new and exciting, this is the place to find it. AJ's also serves food and drinks throughout the day.  Their food is good but it is the green tea that has me coming back again and again.  If you like coffee, AJ's serves Illy espresso, a far superior product to anything Starbuck's has offered.As a final note, guys, this is the place to buy flowers for you honey.  I grew up next to one of the most well known florists in Phoenix (who has appeared on radio shows and in magazines) and when she can't help me because she is to busy, she sends me to AJ's.  Their Flowers are always fresh and in very good condition!
4	This place is like a Whole Foods mixed with Trader Joe's.  They have such a wonderful variety of fresh items and local items! I luv to buy their local salsa's there!! If you are in the area...pick up a bottle with the two bumble bees on the front (can't remember wat the name is) but it is yummy stuff!!!
5	This is a smaller, older, happier Aj's. A go-to spot for produce if you can't get to the CenPho downtown market or the Guadeloupe Farmer's Market. Very helpful and unpretentious service for wine and liquor. Good for pizza-by-the-slice (I like the veggie).Hot tip: Flowers are half-off from 4:00 to 6:00 on Friday. They have some really cool single-stems, so you could do something snazzy on the cheap.Fun fact: Chris Bianco used to make pizzas here in the late '80s, when the store was called Euromarket. Talk about nostalgia -- you could grab a Bianco pizza and eat outside with only a ten minute wait!
4	Last night I made a totally bad ass salad here at the salad bar. It had great things in it like chick peas and hot peppers and nuts. It totally rocked and made my night.Other good things about AJ's:The beer case. I'm a beer drinking chick and I always find something new and interesting to try.The cheese case. Despite my lactose intolerance I LURVE cheeses of all kinds. AJ's does not disappoint.If you need to pick up flowers it is very easy and convenient to create your own arrangement here. This is good to know for special occasions, parties...etc. (HINT HINT: Buy me flowers!!!) I also like to buy a fresh single stem or two and whip up a simple yet funky piece for the nightstand or dinner table. It just looks so fresh and chic and smells nice.
4	I treat myself to shopping at AJ's every once in awhile.  They are expensive, but so high quality!  I usually frequent the Camelback & 44th St or Pima & Pinnacle Peak location(s) but I was in the Camelback / Central area tonight, so I went in to pick up a few things.  Actually, I went in to use the bathroom, but $37.94 later, I walked out with the ingredients for our dinner in my hand!Really, I want to say THANK YOU to Marty.  Who's Marty, you ask?  Marty is the guy who works behind the meat counter.  He also happens to work behind the seafood counter.  He also happens to have experience as a chef.  Marty was incredibly helpful and friendly to little old me who had no clue what to buy for dinner let alone how to prepare it!Marty chose 3 perfect pieces of halibut, and I could tell he was excited when I asked his opinion on how to prepare it.  I knew I could trust him when he asked me all of the important questions including the following:-Who was I cooking for?-What was I planning on serving with the fish?-How did I plan on cooking the fish?I knew I was in good hands when he revealed to me that he has experience as a chef...So, I followed Marty's advice, and my brother, BF, and I enjoyed a marvelous, home cooked meal!  We had baked sweet potatoes, asparagus, and halibut... and I know you are curious how I prepared the halibut.  Ok - below is what Marty told me and it came out perfectly!I lightly drizzled olive oil onto the fish and put it in the oven on 350 for approximately 8 minutes alongside the asparagus which I drizzled with olive oil and salt also.  While in the oven, I concocted a tomato/calamata olive relish that I put on top of the fish while it baked for the final few minutes.The boys enjoyed it immensely.  We had a nice bottle of Cakebread Chardonnay to go along with it.  Perfection!  Thanks again, Marty - you rock!
5	I love, love, love AJ's!!! Jason, the bakery manager, is a miracle worker! He made the perfect cake for my mom's 60th birthday party! We ordered a carrot cake with REAL cream cheese frosting and walnuts with blue & yellow writing and little sugar butterflies. And GLITTER!!! Yah, they have eatable glitter! And my mom the pickiest person I have ever met loved it! All I can conclude from this is that Jason must be an angel because I still cant figure out how to please my mom but Jason did it with just one cake! Anything I needed Jason was there like our own personal cake concierge. I would absolutely order from them again.They also have Barb's Bakery cookies and Tammie Coe Cupcakes. I love that they support local small businesses. They are a little pricey but everything you get in return is well worth it!P.S. Did I mention the cake was amazing? The absolute moistest carrot cake I have ever had and the cream cheese frosting... I mean it was real homemade cream cheese frosting not from a plastic tub. Sooooo yummy! I still dream about it... Yes, I know I have a problem.
1	This place sucks.AJ's already pisses me off for being so ridiculously overpriced, but  this location is dirty and poorly run to top it off. Ok, to be honest, it's not THAT dirty or poorly run, but I did once buy a refrigerated package of hummus that already had mold on it. I would probably give this place 3 or 4 stars if not for the prices. The prices are just stupid. The beer selection and salad bar are ok, but again, did I mention how maniachally expensive everything is?I also don't cook a lot. So maybe this place is useful if you cook a lot and you need some ingredient you can't get anywhere else. But in that case, you'd still have to be the Prince of Dubai to be able to afford a lamb chop and a jar of imported chutney (or whatever people who cook put in their food).
5	I, like most that frequent this AJ's, reside in the downtown Phoenix area.  I am just a short drive down Central Avenue but there are several grocers closer to me.  I shop exclusively at AJ's for a few reasons.  1.  The quality of the groceries far surpasses anything available anywhere else in the city.  2.  I am an unusually busy Healthcare Administrator  who does not have any time to waste on typical grocery store games.  The staff at AJ's are continually resourceful and courteous.  They are extremely helpful. 3.  The prices!  AJ's has the highest quality product at an incredibly fair price.   I do all of my shopping at AJ's.  4.  In addition to the quality of their product, their staff, and their prices, AJ's also prepares hot food throughout the day.  I eat breakfast there everyday, and frequently dine there for lunch also.  I would highly recommend AJ's to anyone who seeks a high quality product and wants the resource of knowledgeable grocers.  AJ's truly is the purveyor of fine foods!
5	I used to shop her constantly when I live right across the street and I still make the drive up there, even though the prices are higher than Safeway. Why?-The staff rocks. Need a certain type of wine? They know where to find it. Need a spice? That's covered too. Every employee is courteous, and most importantly, SPEAKS FLUENT ENGLISH.-Their deli rocks my socks. Always fresh and always tasty, I've purchased more than a few dinners and have never been disappointed.-The ready to cook stuff is delicious too. In the mood for some kind of meat stuffed with a vegetable and/or cheese? This is the place.-I also loved the fresh food cooked every day right in the store. From BBQ to MASSIVE Sunday omelets, the choices are a plenty. Again, not cheap, but you certainly get your money's worth. Go early if you want the breakfast, they run out quick.And you can buy good beer by the bottle! Dogfish Head rocks.
4	MEATLOAF!!!! OK.. so my mom's meatloaf growing up was NOT the best...(sorry mom, it just wasn't your thing) in fact, I had no desire for meatloaf again until I tried the meatloaf at AJ's. I'm not even sure why I tried it... I mean, to me meatloaf and stomach pumping were always used in the same sentence, so I should have ran when I saw the meatloaf in the AJ's display case. Perhaps it was the hunger pangs (pains), perhaps it was the artistic way the bright red glaze embraced the loaf... It really makes no difference, I was hypnotized and had to have it!  This is the best that I ever had..Their meatloaf is always juicy, beefy and perfectly spiced (for me) add the savory, somewhat spicy chile sauce based glaze....mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm... For me a yummy meal for about $5.00. Based on the above mentioned childhood trauma, I may lack the knowledge of of really really great meatloaf... and AJ's is just "OK"... so if you have a favorite meatloaf place, PLEASE email it over... now that the meatloaf scars are starting to heal.. it may be time to experiment and try more!
5	Love, love, love AJ's!!! It will be my go-to place for hard to find items and for when I feel like really treating myself. The deli dinner we got a few weeks ago was great. Chicken was moist and flavorful and the pasta salad was very tasty. The cannolis from the dessert case were fabulous. Great wine, floral, meat, and produce sections too. I didn't think I would find a replacement for Huckleberries Natural Market in Spokane. Well, Hucks, you've been replaced!
5	AJs ismy regular Sunday morning coffee walkmy floristmy gourmet mustardmy Karsh's bunsmy Simply Bread Monkey Bread & Challah(so sad, no more Willo bread)my wine storemy salad stopmy pizza place (trivia - Chris Bianco used to work the oven here, maybe before it was AJs)my delimy dinner (usually salmon)my fresh fruit & veggies (Utah peaches!)Staff is happy, making it so pleasant to shop. Jason is a terrific barista!A few cautions - some out-of-date items still on the shelves (two weeks ago it was eggs) and one barista/bakery worker who has been there for years who just can't get an order done. They also seem to be closing earlier.
4	Oh AJs, you never let me down for delicious, impulsive purchases.  Only in you could I drop 11 dollars on a deli lunch and be happy about it.  Or get excited about baked goods.  Or buy fruity beverages I have never heard of just because I see them there.  AJs is the perfect combination of hippy products and profitable business.  It has things that seem earthy and organic, but actually taste good and make sense.  It makes too-lazy-to-cook me extremely happy.  I have yet to try the same thing twice at the deli, bakery or Italian pasta/pizza counters.  To justify the lack of a fifth star, it is really obnoxiously expensive to shop there.  But, worth it in generalDon't expect a bargain, but do expect to find really delicious and appealing products in every isle!  Also, the potato gnocchi is probably the best thing I have ever tasted.  No lie.
3	It's expensive. It's smaller than most AJ's. But guess what? There's not many places like this in central Phoenix. It's hard to get quality cuts of meat, great veggies and over-priced flowers any closer to downtown, so I'll keep venturing back from time to time. They are dedicated to keeping local products on their shelves, which is a big plus to me. I wish they had a better cereal selection, though. Seriously!
5	Celebrating a co-worker's birthday in the conference room is never a fun thing to do..even when it is getting you away from your desk for 10 minutes. Well, a few weeks back that all changed. Roxy got a chocolate and champagne cake and cinnamon rolls, just because she was craving them at 3:00pm. Well, always a white cake girl, I tried the champagne cake and omg!!!!! It is the BEST cake I have ever had! It's rich, but not too rich. Creamy and buttery and oh so good. I needed to get Nico's uncle a birthday cake on Monday and just HAD to get us a champagne cake. I sent have of the leftovers home with Johnny and I single handedly finished the rest over two days. Maybe they make single portion sizes? Oh why lie, I can eat a whole cake in a few days!
5	I just love going here!  You can find anything you need and a whole bunch of eccentric and cool gifts that you know no one else will have!  So normally I go there to browse in their extensive wine selection and end up leaving with a few bottles of dessert wine.  Or I grab some sake, which I absolutely love and can't find anywhere else.It's at this point when I hit up their deli for a delicious tuna salad sandwich.  It's so disgustingly good, it's sinful!  The people that work there are so nice and helpful!All in all, just a great experience!
4	I love this place. Good selection of deli food and a decent selection of groceries. The staff is very friendly and actually makes you feel like they appreciate your business. A great alternative to the plethora of ghetto grocery stores in central Phoenix.
4	Even though the weekend morning pandemonium at the coffee bar/bakery area practically gives me hives, I keep coming back... again and again. The plain old school straight up coffee is surprisingly mellow and palatable. The baked goods are downright irresistible. The cinnamon muffins and scones are out of this world, and I'm clearly not the only one who feels that way since they were already out of both last few times I was in. You greedy bastards! The flowers are gorgeous, unique, and high-quality. The beer selection is excellent and I love that you can buy singles (although I worry that Total Wine is going to have them beat in no time, both in selection and price). The soup and salad bar are predictably satisfying, and their cheese selection is fab. Oh, and they have my beloved Fage Greek yogurt -- the only vendor in central Phoenix, that I am aware of. Only minus one teensy tiny bit of a star because it's pricey; but do remember, you get what you pay for. The remainder of that star comes off because the patrons are completely insufferable. I practically have to elbow bitches out of the way to get my number at the bakery. This ain't Last Chance, you crazy hos! Calm down, we will all be caffeinated in turn. Sheesh!
1	All this hype for nothing.  1.  This place has no natural foods.  I wasnt expecting whole foods, but really, whats the point?  2.  They have very little gourmet food.  3.  Why not just go to Fry's or Safeway?  I mean seriously... "fine foods"?? You sell friggin cherios. Whats fine about that?  The same exact stuff you get at safeway for more $.  I will shop at Sprouts.  Hey AJ... GFYS.
4	I don't think I can ever buy pastries any where else. There selection is amazing. Nothing better that a coffee & a scone to get me through the work day. There cheeses are also really good.
2	Oh, AJ's. If you didn't exist less than 3 blocks from my apartment, I would never go to you. Although you have high-class pretensions, and several amicable sommeliers, your employees are aware that you are a ripoff.Case in point: I go to AJ's on St. Paddy's day, 2010, looking for some corned beef. 1 corned beef steak remains. About 2 pounds. Price: 25.00. When I lived in Oregon last year, I was able to get 4 pounds of corned beef (a very cheap cut and preparation of beef) for under $10. I mentioned the price gouging to the guy behind the meat counter, and I quote: "Hahahahahahahaha!!!" -- Nothing else. No joke. They know they're overpriced. They sell the exact same things as food city for 4x the price (same company owns fry's, food city, and AJ's) because they know that a tamale will be something the whitebread customers of AJ's will consider a delicacy unavailable outside of the Spanish Mass at their local catholic church, and worthy of more than $2 apiece.Furthermore, more whole and organic foods are sold at any one Sprouts, Trader Joe's, Fresh and Easy, and Whole Foods than any AJ's that ever existed.Avoid this place unless you're a yuppie with too much money and not enough sense, or unless you think one of the sommeliers is hot. 2 stars for the awesome beer selection.
4	Today was the first time I've tried the AJ's salad bar.  Hey Yelp, I'm a fan!Fresh, high quality items and my salad was dee-lish.  But I made it myself...so how could it not be?$4.89 for my salad and I'm a full happy camper.  Minus one star for having too big for me chicken chunks.
4	Very nice grocery store indeed. Everything is well organized and not messy at all. The fruits were definately of decent quality, well it better for the cost. This is one of my top grocery store for sure.
5	I LOVE THIS STORE!! I think this store (this location!) feels like home. Everyone is very nice.  When you walk in the first thing you see are the beautiful and unique display of flowers. Go  forward and you will walk into the fresh produce, and again a very unique assortment. Each department if filled with very knowledgeable employees who are happy to help you. In the back on the produce area is my favorite, the Italian kitchen. GREAT PIZZA!! there is always 2 to 3 pizza available by slice, but if you call ahead they can make you any specialty pizza you want. Next up is the butchers corner. Fresh seafood, beautiful cuts of meat, and some already done up wings, twice baked potatoes, ribs, the lists goes on. next big section is the booze. A whole wall of specialty beers, rows on fabulous wines and a great aisle of liquor and yummy choices to mix that with. As far as i know, AJs can order anything you want, but they don't have. Keep walking and you will find delicious cheese's and olives. Moving on to the salad bar and you have found lunch!! very fresh lettuces,romaine and mixed greens,  spinish,turkey, chicken. peppers, the list goes on. If its a chili outside AJs always has at least 1 daily soup available. Plus a deli with hot food and every kind of sandwich you want. almost to checkout and you will be stopped by the beautiful display of baked goods. From just a slice of cheesecake, to cookies. Go in before work and you will be taken away by the Illy coffee, and pastries. Enough said.PS there are 5-6 rows of specialty barbecue sauces,rubs,anything you want to bake with yadda yadda yadda.
5	Poped into this AJ's last night after going to Gallo for dinner. We got here 5 minutes after they closed, but the employees were nice enough to still let us in, and serve us dessert! Amazing service!!! Definatly the new late night dessert spot! Thank you AJ's, you are the best!
4	As far as some of these reviews go, I'd totally have to agree...A.J.'s in NO place to purchase everyday groceries.  Unless you've got that "old money" lying around.  I actually saw someone purchase Windex and a roll of paper towels from there today.  I'm not too proud to get 3 rolls/$3.50 at Target - come on now.I WILL have to say that A.J.'s has an excellent salad bar.  Not your typical potato salad, macaroni salad type salad bar.  They have crab, actual chicken chunks, artichokes, green olives, real bacon, parmesan cheese, sun-dried tomatoes, eggs, etc.  It's my go-to salad spot when I'm in the mood.Their tea selection is awesome.  You can't go wrong with the green tea...always with an orange.A.J.'s does carry fruits that some stores (not even Safeway) would carry.  We were looking for star-fruit for a drink garnish and found it there.  Sugar cane for mojitos and cute novelty stuff.I think it's funny how uppity people get when they walk into A.J's, however...it's like "dummy, you just got out of the same kind of Honda I have...don't act like your stuff don't stank"!!!P.S. - You must try their pretzel bread!!!  OMG!!!
3	I like a good stroll through AJ's now and again.  Especially if I am in the search for some specialty or gourmet item.  Their meats are super fresh as are their deli, salad bar and bakery items.  I don't find myself ever buying much, just a few items here and there.  But I will still go through every isle to look for cool and interesting things to try.  [But to be honest I love going for groceries and do this in just about every grocery store when I have the time.]While a solid 3.5-4 stars I dropped it to 3 because on my last visit I discovered they no longer carry my favorite Cock & Bull Ginger Beer anymore, replaced with some line of stevia sweetened soda.  Now I can't just ride the lightrail to get it...I have to get in my car and go to a bevmo or total wine.  So sad....
4	If your wallet is burning a whole through your pocket- you better sit in a fountain quickly, because that would really hurt.If you have extra money, and want to treat yourself, look no further. I have been to most of the valley AJ's, and this is easily the best store. It's not the biggest, newest, hippest, but it is the best.The people at this store are rock stars, and just as they know all their customers, the customers know all the staff, and treat them like family. If you ever can, make sure to hit this spot on Halloween, the costumes are outrageous and amazing (I'm looking at you, tan bakery man).The food here is just stellar. If you cannot find it here, you likely do not need it. As others have mentioned, generally speaking things are not the cheapest here, but you know that ahead of time by the words 'Fine foods' in the name of the business.The produce is great, butcher is cool with funny and knowledgeable. This store has an Italian Kitchen, where they serve fresh pasta dishes, pizza, and more. Trivia, this is where legendary pizza chef Chis Bianco got his start. True story.To recap, this place is amazing, the staff are even better than the products they serve. If you are broke or on a diet, this will not be a happy visit for you, but otherwise you're in good shape.
2	We ordered catering for Christmas day.  This is the first time that we catered food for a holiday and after hearing some other family members have success doing it, we decided to try it and picked AJ's Fine Foods. It was about $130 for a turkey breast meal. Since they are not opened on Christmas day, we went and picked it up on Christmas Eve. It came with reheating instructions. When we tried to heat it up, the heating instructions were no bueno. The containers the food came in were meant for heating in the microwave and not the stove and the instructions should have included something to that affect. The stuffing, gravy, and yams were pretty good. The meal had three huge turkey breasts that didn't seem cooked very well. We never ate the pumpkin pie that came with it so I couldn't tell you how that was. It was a lot of food for 4 people and most of it just seemed sub par. The rolls were store brand and so was the pie. It looked like they just took them off the shelves and included it in the catering. All in all the I've had better catered food for Thanksgiving at Chicken Express when I visited my cousin in Texas. AJ's Fine Foods did not deliver the quality that I was expecting. We could have made something better ourselves. I will say however that AJ's does have a large assortment of beer.
4	AJs is one of my favorite work-week lunch stops!! Sure, you can try and hate the fact that their groceries are over priced but you can't argue with a a pizzeria, a bakery, a deli, a coffee shop, a soup/salad bar AND fresh sushi when you are looking for lunch! Their lunch items are always fresh and decently priced.  Usually, they have free samples at the bakery so I usually take a bite or two of that and consider it my dessert!
3	I guess I expected more.Having recently become the proud owner of a backyard grill, I was desperately in need of some sort of fish to cook.  Since this would be the inaugural grill event I decided to splurge.  Where better to shop than AJ's?The store is fairly small, with a mix of hard-to-find items and basic groceries.  The produce section in particular has a nice selection of uncommon items.Wandering back to the butcher shop I found a decent selection of fish.  To be quite honest the selection was almost identical to my local Safeway, just pricier.  I decided that an ahi tuna steak (26 bucks a pound) would do nicely.  The service at the meat counter is slow, but the butchers are friendly and very helpful.The fish was good but as I ate it I couldn't help but wonder if it was any better than what I could have gotten somewhere else.
4	Only 4 stars because I have seen better. Nevertheless, AJ's is a great runner up to my personal favorite which is the  thriving local business of Portland, OR called New Seasons. If you have been to a new seasons you know that AJ's is the close primo of find food grocers.I will one day visit the the other AJ's in town.This place is a nice bike ride to from my house and has really nice employees...AND THE ONLY place near me that sells kombuchaRelax and pleasant atmosphere. [like]!   R\_
5	Love AJ's!  First and foremost, I am completely addicted to their iced tea.  Every food establishment in Phoenix should be required to offer the same brand of iced tea, in several flavors, with your choice of lemon or orange slices.  The only problem?  Frequently long lines.  But super great and friendly service.  Don't forget to pick up a brownie or tiramisu.  Oh yeah, they have really great groceries, too.
3	AJ's is caught somewhere between a chain supermarket and Whole Foods.  The produce section is nicely stocked and includes some harder to find fruits and veggies and the prepared foods looked pretty good.I was definitely impressed with the wine, beer, cheese and meat counters which all have great selections.A good place to fill the gap and get your common grocery needs with the specialty items typically found elsewhere
2	Expensive.  The deli needs a lot of work.  Their pastas and deserts are way too overpriced for the quality. Chocolate mousse tasted like whipped cream with hershey's syrup blended in. Overcooked cold large prawns were so bad I had to return the item.
5	This is a great store and has been there for as long as i can remember.  Yet it still always looks clean and fresh.  The selection of products is off the Hook as they say.   (They) the young generation.   They absolutely have everything that you could imagine.       Of course there is a drawback!!!   The Price, i t is very high priced shopping , but well worth it in a lot of ways. Lots of parking and very friendly service .AAt
3	AJs is an incredibly beautiful store, so much so that to me it's like a dream:  imagine a museum of all kinds of delicious food, but it's food that we can eat.  The problem I have with this place is the cost.    This is not a competitor of Frys or Safeway. AJs is for the well-to-do, the well-heeled (which I'm definitely not) and wannabes.  I only come here  for the white chocolate rum marble cake - everyone that has this cake, loves it.  I've heard "this is the best cake I've ever eaten" from everyone that tastes it.  We only found this by accident.  We needed a cake and didn't want to pay upwards of $30.00.  We saw on AJs website that they reduce the cost of one cake each month from $25 to $20.  This cake happened to be the one that was on sale, so that's what we ended up with.  We couldn't believe how good it was.  Much better than any cake we've ever bought elsewhere and paid considerably more for (Does anyone besides me belive that TammieCoe is completely overpriced?).  Every time we need cake (because who has time anymore to bake a cake, wait for it to cool, make frosting, and then try to get it to look good), this is the one we get.  Don't wait until the last minute - order in advance.  They don't have every cake listed on their website in stock.
5	Little shout out to Lori and the floral department staff. I needed some special order flowers that were in season but not a common item any store carried. I called and spoke to Lori and she told me that she could get them in for me.The day I picked them  up a very nice girl in the floral dept. helped me out. The flowers were amazing! I will for sure be going back here for floral needs!
5	Alright seriously if you rate AJ's less than 5 than you're a buffoon.  Seriously think about this for a minute.  AJ's offers top quality products and specialty items that you can't find at your typical supermarket.  IE. Langoustines.  Is the store pricey? Yes, but you're paying for top quality products so I don't mind.  Their cheese selections blows any main competitor away as well as their prepared food.  I could go on forever breaking down each department, but I will not bore you.  Shell out the few extra dollars and shop here, you won't be disappointed!
5	The more I go, the more i fall in love with this store. i love cooking and this is the only place where i can get those "weird" ingredients.
5	The best part of shopping here isn't the really great coffee, chewy yummy chocolate croissants, or the faint-worthy deli and prepared foods counter.The BEST part of shopping here is knowing that by overpaying for simple items that cost less elsewhere, I'm making the savings and deep discounts of Food City and Bashas possible. It feels like giving to charity, only charity never sends me home with full bags of gourmet groceries after I write them a check.
1	Instead of a review, here is the letter I wrote AJs about my experience in their store. They NEVER responded,  and now I can no longer, in good conscience,  shop there because of their apathy."I'm writing, because I had an experience at your store that I just can't stop thinking about. I visited last Sunday, Oct. 30th- close to closing time. As I was checking out, the cashier (a younger man- he looked like he might be of Latino decent) was incredibly polite and professional. However, I had a very negative/offensive experience with another employee of your store that appeared to have just finished her shift and was waiting in line behind me to make a purchase (she was a middle aged woman, with dyed blond hair and heavy eye make-up). As my friend and I were making our purchase, we briefly chatted with the kind cashier. I, in error, went to the wrong place to check out. Your cashier made a friendly comment about how at Costco they have arrows to guide people and that it was an easy mistake for me to go to the wrong spot. It was just friendly rapport. I suppose he was trying to ease my mind in case I felt embarrassed, which I appreciated the gesture. Anyhow, while he was talking with my friend and myself, the woman interrupts and starts loudly saying to the cashier helping us, and I am QUOTING her, "Not MY Costco, you live with 'needy' people! You go to the 'needy' people Costco. My Costco is beautiful because there aren't any 'needy' people there. I live in a different city than YOU. I don't live amongst 'needy' people. We're not needy where I live like YOUR city". Sadly, I am not exaggerating this in anyway. I was completely appalled by the lack of  basic manners. This woman is completely unprofessional. Regardless of her personal feelings towards wherever the young man lives or her delusional superiority over "needy" people... laughable, since she is working at a grocery store but that's beside the point. I can not believe she would have the audacity to speak to this young man in this manner in front of CUSTOMERS. Despite her rude, insensitive and unprofessional comments, the young man remained gracious and kind and never said and unkind word or even gave an unkind glance while this woman was attempting to belittle and humiliate him in front of customers. She is lucky that I was too shocked by her behavior to say something at the time, because I am and was completely disgusted. This has left a lasting impression, a negative one to say the least, and I certainly hope that you have a talk with this woman about basic manners and conduct- even if I wasn't present- her behavior is basically harassment and no person should have to deal with such ignorance and insensitivity."
3	My family used to shop here, and we liked it. Phoenix has more different grocery stores per capita than any other place I have ever lived, it's amazing. There are a lot of choices.But my dad, in particular, liked that there was an actual butcher to talk to when he wanted something special to put on the grill. And it was cool to grab a decent slice of pizza for lunch before or after shopping.Not a bad market, despite some of the bad press here.
5	The bakery here is amazing.  We order cakes here regularly for business and they are beautiful and delicious.  It's also nice to see a place that still values great customer service.
4	This is a small AJ's, but really its the closest thing you're going to find in Central Phoenix to a specialty, gourmet market like Dean & DeLuca or another old-school independent market. I wouldn't shop here for staples, but they have an excellent selection of items you can't find elsewhere, plus prepared food, wine, spirits, cheeses, etc.Plus, if I drank coffee this looks like a place I would want to sit out front and have a cup on a regular basis.
3	Keep an eye on the register...I don't shop here often but when I do, they ALWAYS over charge me!  As if their prices weren't high enough to begin with!
4	Great employees with excellent customer service. You pay more here obviously, but to me its worth it. They have REAL butchers as opposed to most of the chains that employee meat "processors", most of the time meaning they could not identify a tri-tip or flat meat cut if their life depended on it. AJs has a good selection of a wide variety of international foods. My main reason for this trip was DARK or BLACK Sesame oil. Check!
5	Great custom bakery! We ordered a chocolate cake for a big birthday cake, with some tweaks to our specifications, and the results were delicious. We were served by Marina Padilla, who did a terrific job for us. Thanks, Marina!
3	Meat and chicken is high a quality-customer service gets three stars though-unfriendly staff at times-with high prices they charge excellent customer service should be an expectation.
3	Shopping at AJ's lets me keep shopping local when I need more high-end stuff. I admittedly don't come here that often, mainly to pick up meat or seafood because their selection is pretty good. They also have a very nice deli section and they have a small but nice selection of wines. Until Total Wine came along, it was the only place I could get my much-coveted South African wine.It's not practical for me to buy much more here because I can get most things at other Arizona business for less but when I need fancy stuff for a dinner party or other special occasions, AJ's is where you'll find me.
3	Great food in the mornings to eat in house. It's like a grocery store/restaurant. Omelettes and baked goods, coffees etc. my omelette was great, coffee was fine. Massive portions. As for groceries, they have an okay gluten free section which is why I go there. If you like to bake they have a million and one different types of flour. The fresh food is good but get there early by the end of the day it's more slim pickings. Prices are very high on most things because they are fancier brands and a lot of organic etc.Cashiers are kind of slow and they offer you a bag of ice and then charge you for it, without telling you they will first...so that sucked but otherwise this place is decent.
5	Best gourmet grocery store in the area!Veggies are always fresh and the fruits are always ripe and ready to eat (which isn't the case at normal grocery stores nearby).They have an awesome selection of fresh seafood and fish, and the best prime filets and NY strips around. If we're cooking a special meal, we'll always go to AJs for the meat.Its never crowded and the Staff are always friendly and helpful, especially the butcher. Need a special cut of beef? No problem!  Just tell them what you need and they're happy to help.
4	I'm a big fan of specialty and whole food stores. I can spend hours in there just reading labels and ingredients. Yes, I'm weird! They carry brands I had never seen before and I was temped to buy everything so I can try them out, but unfortunately, most things were also very expensive and so I was proud of myself for leaving the store without spending a ton of money. I will be back though, you can count on it.
1	Will never return the this establishment again!I have been coming to this AJ's for a couple years but unfortunately I will not be returning. When I first started shopping here it was a pleasant experience but over time the customer service got worse. I am not sure if this was due to new employees or management. Although, I must blame management because the attitudes and treatment that I received usually travels from the top down. I had the most issues with a couple employees that work in the deli area. They were both always rude, short, and unpleasant. Every time I said hello to one of the women she NEVER responded. Not so much as a head nod to acknowledge my presence. I brought this to the attention of a cashier and she told me that she would speak to the manager about the service. I continued to go to AJ's but nothing changed and I received bad service over and over again. The last straw for me happened last week. I went to the deli area to get breakfast. I greeted one of the deli workers and she AGAIN said nothing. I was sure that this was on purpose and not her just having a bad day because it had happened so many times before. I asked her why she never responds and seems to have bad customer service. She dismissed me and said "actually, I was just about to ask you how you day was going" I thought this was amusing considering she just neglected to respond to my greeting... I told her that she had done this on a number of occasions and it was quite frankly rude and disappointing. She then jumps to want me to get my manager... Like she could care less about fixing the situation for the customer, apologizing, or making things right. Super disappointed with my treatment at the AJ's. Will stay away from here from now on and I would definitely NOT recommend anyone else to shop here. A number of employees could care less about you, your hard earned money, or treating with respect and dignity. Management obviously doesn't follow up with complaints properly as well.
5	Really happy with how the meal I got from this place turned out. I got a banana chip muffin (low fat) and a large coffee (raw sugar had to be requested) and not much could be said about anything wrong with the experience. This was a five star slammer. I loved everything about it and the next time I'm in Phoenix (I live in Los Angeles and work in the entertainment industry) I will definitely be coming back. Thanks A.J.
5	My favorite at any location. They make there own Sushi. A lot of the Delhi food is hand made. Only the best.
3	I enjoy walking into AJ's and looking at all the goodies.  Everything appears delicious and I'm sure to see many items that no other chain carries.  Foods are over priced - of course - but I'm willing to pay for good stuff.  This location also has a gift / knickknack section up front.Having said that though, I only shop at AJ's for a few particular items.  Out of the produce, baked treats, and prepared foods that I've purchased there, I'm rarely impressed with the taste of anything.
2	I was across the street for a Dr appointment and decided to step into the AJs after to browse since it was "right there". Haven't been into one in years for the same reason that I probably won't return after the recent visit: way overpriced for things I can buy elsewhere. Almost everything in the store you can buy at any regular grocery store, and pay less for it. They do carry a small number of "gourmet" items on the shelves, but I can find those other places, too. So, you'd think that their deli or bakery or something would stand out, but not that I can tell. I was going to try something from the bakery case but it was all way overpriced and totally unimpressive looking. I was there in the AM so I did try a slice of the breakfast pizza that was out in the deli. First off, it took me several minutes to be served because the staff was busily ignoring me. Then when I did finally get my slice, I went to pay and eat it, and the thing was cold and chewy. The crust was just so tough. The eggs were somewhat dried out. I was seriously underwhelmed. The store was practically dead the whole time I was wandering around. The staff outnumbered the patrons BY FAR. How do these places stay in business? You won't get more money from me AJ's!
2	Well, there are two reasons to go to AJ's: you have plenty of money to waste, or you're looking for a certain product that's not sold elsewhere. My friend and I came in for the latter the other day: me, for some of my favorite foaming bath, and she, for some flowers.Avoid this store at ALL costs in the afternoon. It's rich kid hell. A mob of Xavier girls fills the patio and coffee area, while even more clog up the lines inside. My friend gave me said flowers because I was having a rough pain day. She handpicked the bouquet. The florist beheaded one of the flowers and impaled it with floral wire, and it was dead by the time I got home. The other flowers only lived for about a day. I was pretty surprised, because when I buy flowers at Trader Joe's, they survive much longer.I'm sad to say, AJ's is phasing out the Fruits & Passions line. Well, now that Wal-Mart carries Nathan's Famous pickles and I won't be able to buy my bath products here anymore, I don't suppose I'll have to stop by this place at all. What a shame.
3	I was disappointed with this location/visit.  I have never been to this location, but have visited two others here and there.  I'm used to superior quality on everything I buy, but was disappointed with most things on this visit.I picked up some prepared shrimp and Spanakopita in the deli.  Well the shrimp were a little off, smelled fishy, and were rather hard.  The Spanakopita had no noticeable cheese in it, not much flavor, and was mostly just a clump of spinach.  It's supposed to be creamy and with a lot of flavor.  I also got steaks at the meat counter, and once again, not quite as expected.  I pay the AJ's premium to get premium quality; both steaks were grey on one side and had an off-scent.  They tasted ok but not great.Not sure if it's this location or they just had a bad day, but I won't be back here to find out.
4	Friendly knowledgeable staff and great fresh food. Sometimes the value of certain things isn't there and wish they used more organic or quality ingredients when preparing foods and what they carried at the salad bar. The tomatoes are the worst, they're just plain ol' salad bar tomatoes. You can grab the local heirloom tomatoes from the produce section at usually 5.99/lb vs. 7.99/lb for the salad bar so just be aware :)
4	Really, really fine selection of awesome cheeses!  Really, really good breakfast and lattes.  That's about all I can say about AJs.  Everything is ridiculously priced!  Especially the wine!I'll stop by over and over again for their coffee.  I'm not much of a Starbucks girl :)
5	The seafood and prime beef here can't be beat. If you watch for the sales when they have 50% off prime steaks and their awesome seafood events you can get some great deals on top grade meat. They also have some really great produce and I actually come here more often for fruit and veggies.
5	AJ'S is not to be missed when you are in Phoenix! Their bakery,  sorry,  boulangerie,  has delicious baked goods to accompany your breakfast.  My mom's love of chocolate croissants is what brought me there,  but my love of their canolli's,  macaroons and other sweet treats and their colorful staff keeps me coming back whenever I visit the family.  In addition to the bakery,  AJ'S has an incredible wine selection and just about any exotic ingredient you need to find outside a normal grocery store.  It's fun to peruse the shelves,  aisle by aisle,  to see what they've got.  I wouldn't do my regular grocery shopping there but love to pick up special goodies there.
