5	Finally La Condessas sister spot is open. If you love La Condessa and are on the Westside then make sure to come in. The Horchata is the best I've ever had. My favorite tacos are the chicken mole, tinga, cochinita pibil, and el gaucho. They have a huge salsa bar with tons of options.
5	Stumbled upon this place and I'm so glad I did... This is the best Mexican food hands down in all of AZ! From the family recipe for horchata to all the different types of tacos you can see that they pride themselves with only using quality products! Cant wait to go again.
5	Incredible tacos and quesadillas and salsa bar like the original, plus the space is large and beautiful!
4	Posted Sunday, December 15, 2013, but was deleted....Rice and beans, just like Nana's house. Over 15+ tacos you can choose from. Each has its own flavor and distinction. Atmosphere is basic and modern. Paintings hang on walls. The simplicity of the restaurant is only supported by the flavorful tacos. This is a must to go spot in downtown Glendale.
5	Went here on a whim after passing by. Super happy we did. My husband had Carne Asada tacos , I had the Pastor they were amazing! My husband is supppppper picky about Mole. I make him try it everywhere we go for the past 14 years . Never found a good one till now! Amazing!!! But the most incredible thing for me was the Horchata holy good lord I loved it. I will be stopping by just to get that on my way home from work on many occasions. The waiters were a bit shy but very attentive without being annoying. I will defiantly be bringing everyone I know here!
5	Welcome to the neighborhood!  Had the marlin tacos and the carne asada, and they were some of the best I've had.  Great atmosphere.  They serve beer and margaritas so they are perfect as a late afternoon destination.  The salsa bar is well equipped with different tastes from all over Mexico, and the owner Felipe is a food guy at heart.  He made it a point to come over and say hi and introduce himself.  We ended the meal with a Horchata to go, and I have to say I couldn't have left any happier!
4	Awesome to see more gems like this on this area. Carne Asada is fantastic. Great selection of salsas and house margarita is the perfect stand by to cool things down. Only complaints are the wobbly tables, missing drink menu and absent children's selection
3	Tried them on a whim in passing by today, it was just ok. .my carne was well seasoned and flavorful,  my pork was horrible, they screwed my order up only to correct it...then when i got home I realized it was still screwed up...My total for 3 tacos, small rice & beans came to $14 and some change, I don't think it was quite worth that but i may be inclined to try them again - at someone else's expense. I'm a little salty that I didnt check groupon before going lol.
4	Short Story - Order the Smoked Marlin or Chicken Mole Tacos or a Quesa and enjoy the salsa bar.Long Story -You will be razzle dazzled by the ENORMOUS selection of salsas for you to try on the salsa bar. I think we were told seventeen but it might have been twenty. I tried the unusual creamy pecan salsa and a grilled vegetable salsa and whole lot of others that were very interesting.One of the specialties of the house are the hand made Quesas. The Quesa was described as a quesadilla but seemed very different to me as I would describe it as a Mexican GINACOTTI or fried Calzone. We shared an all vegetable one stuffed with an assortment of vegetables including spinach and cheeses. It was very tasty and I like anybody would enjoy it. Out of the four tacos we tried the Smoked Marlin Taco and the Chicken Mole Taco were the best and the ones I'd recommend. The Smoked Marlin really tasted like Fish Tacos I had in Mexico. They were full flavored and dimensional with layers of cilantro and the right amount of smokiness and spice and that just right crunch. The Mole sauce from the chicken tacos was very well made and heavily coated the tender tasty dark meat chicken and was very good. Nothing was wrong with the beef or pork tacos but they seemed very average after the Smoked Marlin and the Chicken Mole.The Quesa and the tacos were a very generous portion and more than we expected. I didn't think two tacos a person and a shared quesa would be that much food but it was.Best tacos I had so far in Glendale.
4	Stopped in for lunch, the incredibly LARGE parking spaces in a small amount of space leads me to believe this place was either small inside or has horrible drivers for customers, once i entered i assume now it is the latter, a spacious dining room, bar, and outdoor seating available.First off i ordered a horchata, which was the second best i have ever had, they put a good variety of fruits in there that perfectly complemented the flavor.. I then ordered some street tacos, and before they came out i walked up to the Salsa Bar.. oh man, i need more than just a spoon for this place, they have every flavor you would expect, and an delicious peanut salsa.. it was soo tasty i don't even know if the tacos themselves were any good, guess i gotta go back!
5	The salsa bar was fun and interesting. Maybe not quite as tasty as I had hoped. But it was amusing to try so many different styles of salsa.When people say get the horchatta, they mean it. Get that thing. Lots of flavor. Not too sweet. Overall very much worth the price.The tacos were wonderful and this was the first time I had mole that I really liked it. So much deep flavor. Give this place a chance. It is not like the stereotypical heavy, greesy food that we've come to expect. But the flavors are amazing.
4	I've had my share of Margaritas and I must admit that these are the best in town. However, the new Glendale location needs to catch up on the quality of Margaritas as the ones they serve at their parent location (16th street and McDowell). I have faith that they will as they begin to settle down at their new location.
4	My rating is based on experiences from previous visits to the sister establishment on 16th St.  The service and quality do not hold up here.  I hate to be so blunt but that is the way it has to be.  I have watched people walk out due to lack of service.  Watched a father and son dine without silverware!  THEY DID IT.  Will they be back???  Watched my uncle clean a dirty table that had been sitting dirty long before we had decided to sit outside and just before we had decided to leave.  All in the same day.The food has been really good here, but they definitely have some growing to do.  We have come to love La Santisima's and would have no problem going back to the 16th St. location.  Get it together.
4	This is for the new Glendale location- we've never been to the one across town. I'm definitely a fan of this place, and we'll be back for sure. This place fills the niche for good Mexcian food that isn't heavy and greasy. It was empty when we walked in but there was a steady trickle of people in and out. The waiter was extremely friendly. He explained portions of the menu to us, chatted a bit, and the service was prompt and polite. The salsa bar wasn't all that I'd hoped for but it was interesting. Lots of different salsas but many of them were spicy and I didn't really love any of them. Hubby did though so that might just have been my issue. The food, on the other hand, was delicious. Hubby had mole and it tasted like mole is supposed to taste. Like chili and chocolate and all sorts of yumminiess rolled together. I had an Arabic burrito which was much more delicious than it sounds. They happily made it without onions for me and it was awesome. Oh, and order the horchata. Trust me. They make it in house and if horchata tasted like this all the time I'd drink it way more often.Parking is in the back and there is a surprising amount of space considering they're on the edge of downtown Glendale. I also appreciate that the parking area is VERY well lit.
5	This place is wonderful! The decorations are authentic and neat and the food is delicious. They have a HUGE selection of salsas, I enjoyed their guacamole and peanut salsa. My boyfriend and I ordered yummy Mexican Coke in the bottle, our favorite. I ordered two of their carne asada tacos with pickled onions and chimichurri sauce which came with rice and beans with fresh cheese on top, it was fantastic. My boyfriend got the bullet burro which he absolutely loved. We'll definitely be coming back to try more of their salsas!
5	My second time here, I found salsas I didn't see last time and all very tasty. The steak or the chicken mole tacos are great. My husband had Al pastor w hummus and it was excellent as well!  Can't go wrong with the house margaritas either. 2 thumbs up!
5	Absolutely the best Mexican food that I have had outside of Monterrey, MX! We were waited on by the owner and we had 5 star service. We will be back as soon as possible.
2	Luckily we learned about the small taco shop on Groupon. We drove past the Glendale location and we thought it was closed. Had to call to double check the hours. Once we walked in, we were greeted by the manager or owner, very welcoming. He offered us some chips and guacamole. Came to find out there was no refill on chips and we had to pay for the guacamole...  I would have liked to enjoyed some chips throughout my meal, not just the first 10 minutes. Me and my boyfriend don't drink soda, so he offered a drink we took water. He brought us the water, but in a PLASTIC CLEAR CUP. Like the ones Circle K gives you. However the tacos we ordered were AMAZING. I had the Carne Asada street tacos. They were delicious. We ate and talked. about 20 minutes later, still no waiter for a refill. I had to get up and walk to the bar for more water. Finally the check comes... we paid in cash and we had decided what the tip was going to be. The change came and the waiter/manager/owner took some of the change as his tip... So if you can get past the bad service, getting offered something that should be free, small plastic water cups, then you'll have a great meal. We're going to go again, but to the other location.
4	This is soooo much closer to where I live than the original location. Awesome :) I'll be back. The only kink is service and signage. The people are new and are being trained so that should improve. I swear one of the servers also works/worked at the original. This location is just as hard to spot though. Small building, but plenty of parking in back.I'm a huge fan of the original. Been there multiple times. I was much more impressed by the mole being served here, but not so much the dogfish. It was still good, but seemed to be more batter this time around. Cabo shrimp and marlin are good at both locals.Two taco plates with rice and beans and two horchatas = $25-30I finally have enough experience with these restaurants to complain just a little bit.1. Go back to putting the rice and beans in cups or bowls please. I am begging you! I'm so tired of my tacos getting soggy from my beans spreading across my entire plate. Get plates with ridges and sections or something. Something! Anything!2. The music IS REALLY LOUD at both locations. I'd like to not have to yell at my dining partners.3. No pecans in the horchata anymore? Did I miss this menu change or was it just a hiccup at the newbie?
3	My experience here left me willing to try it again, though it didn't live up to expectations.I came in by myself at dinner time. I was promptly seated and provided with chips. The server was by herself handling the entire dining room and bar at supper, and as a solo diner, I was last priority. It took me all of two minutes to choose what I wanted--a single taco--but it took fifteen minutes for my order to be taken. If I hadn't been given the chips, I would have given up and left. In the meantime, I saw people who came in after me get complete service because they ordered drinks.The chips were excellent--very fresh. I like the salsa bar but the lighting was poor back there so it was hard to see what was what.Finally a male server joined her and he took my order. My Aztec chicken tinga taco came out about five minutes later. It was excellent. The chicken was very tender and tasty. Just the right about of spice. It only took about five minutes to catch the server's eye and soon enough I was on my way.
4	We stopped in for the first time based on a recommendation of another Yelper.The chairs are extremely comfortable, but the artwork on the wall is very strange. I don't get it. It seems like they just decided to hang ugly paintings instead of actually painting the walls, they are very dirty. Our service was ok, but I assume she was new. I ordered 2 tacos a la carte and my boyfriend ordered a meal which comes with beans and rice. We then headed up to the salsa bar to accompany our chips. There were sooo many to choose from. I loved the green salsa and who would have known salsa made from radishes would actually be really tasty??Our tacos were great, the beans didn't taste like they were from a can and the meat was cooked perfectly. The only issue I had with my lunch were the taco shells, I feel like they were a little too soggy.
4	I've been here a couple of times now for lunch.  I had been to the other location previously known as La Condesa once so I knew the food was going to be good.  And it certainly is.  Parking seems like it could be a hassle at times.  Another Yelper says they park at the school when it is not in session.  This time I noticed the back gate was open with an empty lot on the other side of the alley but my server could not tell me if it was ok to park there.  The salsa bar is always a delight and I try to limit myself to two per meal so I can keep track of what I am having.  Service both times has been OK but sort of an afterthought.  I will certainly keep this place in the lunch rotation.
2	In a nutshell: After 1 1/2 hr wait we left without other food in our stomachs but chips with salsa!Place was packed, 2 servers for the whole hungry crowd, our order got misplaced, and with two hungry kids next to me I had to leave to a nearby Subway. I do believe the food a the two sister facilities is great. But the service at this location is close to the worse I've ever experienced. I was happy when I got to know this place had been opened in Glendale, since we just moved to the West Valley, but unfortunately I'm not planning to come back anytime soon.
3	This was my first time here. I was glad to see new blood come into the downtown Glendale area. I spend a lot of time in this area and I'm always looking for a new spot. The decor and styling of the restaurant is great. I loved the paintings and lighting throughout. There is ample seating although we came on a very busy night. Now for the bad news. We waited nearly an hour for a total of 8 tacos between 4 people. We were told by the manager that he was sorry and he was missing two servers and a cook. Sadly I did see people leave prior to getting food due to service. I can only hope this gets addressed. On the good side the tacos were excellent. I ordered two steak tacos, while my friend ordered one steak and one shredded pork. He also described the steak taco as good but he said the pork was delicious. Great menu with lots of choices. I will go back and hope the service issue is fixed.
3	Extremely poor service! The location on N16th street in Phoenix is better in terms of service. Food tastes the same.
4	I've been here twice and now feel like I can write a fair review. First off I'm very happy La Santisima came to Glendale. Hopefully it can spark a renovation in the area. The decor is really cool, lots of paintings on the mall of skulls and of lucha libre wrestlers. Not as many as the famous lucha libre tacos of San Diego, but very cool. Especially in the bathroom they have posters of El Santo which I believe was a Mexican wrestler and actor.They have lots of room inside, and a nice sized patio facing Glendale ave. to be honest I doubt I'd sit out here at night to "people watch" if I was the only table, but I would if it was busy. After two visits I have to say the food is excellent! My favorite has to be the Mayan Cochinita Pibil Tacos. Both times I've had the and they were excellent! Very juicy and full of flavor.  Today I just had the Oaxaca Black Mole Chicken and shared the Sonoran Carne Asada Tacohe. Man both were awesome! The mole was really unique and it had shredded prices of chicken in it. Very good. I ended up buying a few Groupons for this place and can't wait till I can try more food. I have a feeling this might be my favorite restaurant in Glendale if not the west side of Phx. My only complaint and reason I gave it 4 stars,  not 5 was the service on both days. I have read other Yelpers complaining about the service. We came in during a Saturday night while there was a festival. It was super bush and got lucky to get a seat. After about 15 mins to get our order we were told by a neighboring table that they have been waiting for over 1 hour and were about to leave. We ended up waiting about 40 mins after we put our order in for our food. I made a comment to the manager who apologized and said a cook and 2 servers called in. I appreciate his honesty. Sticks for the restaurant because I can tell this was a big business day and they might have missed out on some sales. On our recent table in a quiet Sunday night our service was much better. Not great, but it was good. I will be coming back so if the service improves just a little more I would easily up my rating to 5!Overall great tacos! I'm sure everything else is good too. Oh almost forgot about the salsa bar...wow! Some pack a punch and a half so try them all to see what you like!
4	I had a groupon to this lovely place and since then I've visited this place TWICE! I absolutely love the horchata and have definitely not tasted anything better.
3	We live in  Glendale and was excited to go here. Akward small salsa bar. No one greeted us as we came in. Self seating I assume. Who works here? No uniforms.  Nasty standing water by salsa bar. This food better be good! Weird way to get to the salsa bar where you have to twist and turn. No utensils or napkins on tables. You have to ask and wait.  Positive.  Music and atmosphere is good. The outside patio looks nice. The prices are decent and they look to have a good vision. They have really nice art work but walls need painting.  Seating is good and looks nice wooden tops and cast iron details.A bit more attention to details and some training will have this a destination for Glendale folks who want authenticity yet do not want to go near the hustle and bustle of Westgate.
2	Make sure when you order a veggie taco you specify you don't want meat in it.
5	So so awesome!! The salsa bar was huge and armed with more types of salsa than I could possibly taste in one sitting. Anyway the tacos were more than filling and very tastey. As far as the location lets just say I drove past it and had to do a u-turn. I was not expecting it to be "right next to" La perila. Which is another mexican food place but has been around for quite awhile. So here you go.... If you are looking for a mexican dish enchilada style that can be eaten with a soup spoon?? Go to La Perila, which is good don't get me wrong. But if your looking for a flavor party of some really good authentic mexican food go to La Santisma. There is a good chance you too will be excited to share this place with others. Don't want to forget the staff was very friendly and helpful. The layout of this place is cool and family like. Nice front patio that would be pretty cool come sundown. Welp Enjoy I sure did and will again.
4	Place was super cool. Great food. Sat in the patio... Could've used some umbrellas for shade. Would've liked to see some drafts but nonetheless, the bottled beer selection was great. The wait staff seemed a tad unprofessional. But I'm sure with time and good promotion this spot can be a hit. My husband and I will definitely be back for the great fish and shrimp tacos :)
5	La Santisima is easily one of the best taco shops in the Phoenix area. The menu is fresh and interesting,  with dishes taken from various areas in southern Mexico. If you want to try new and authentic flavors, this is the place. It's simple and unique, with a minimal staff and barebones table settings, but you somehow feel a sense of "rightness". It's no frills, no fluff, just great Mexican food for a price you can't match. I'd rather pay 9 bucks for an amazing burrito and eat my salsa out of a plastic bowl than visit a snazzy upscale place with food that's no better but have to shell out twice the price. Go. To. La. Santisima.
5	This is an awesome, quaint artsy restaurant nestled just slightly off the Historic Glendale strip with a casual vibe and truly delicious food. We visited on a quiet night and had attentive service, since we were the only other guests other than a large family gathering in the center. The number of patrons, however, is no reflection on the food or experience. We split two, two-taco plates for maximum sampling--chicken black mole, la santisma with shrimp, chicken tinga, and pork pibil...all of which were delicious. The la santisma, loaded with veggies and cheese was the overall winner (and was the one recommended by our waiter). Also, being a mole fan, I was excited to eat a REALLY good mole! I only wish there was one closer, because I would eat here wayyyy to often. The salsa bar is out of this world if you are a salsa nut like myself. Sooo many options, all for the tasting. Ever had a delish jicama and cilantro salsa? How about the less common radish salsa, which was outstanding? Not to mention the other 10+ salsas on the bar, including a spicy guac. Many of these have quite the kick, so this may not be for the faint of heart. Lastly, the house margarita was tasty and we both loved the mixed citrus, including lemons, limes, orange and grapefruit. This is not a "knock-you-on-your-a$$" bev, but probably the tastiest mixed drink I've had in a long time. So fresh, crisp and well-made for enjoyment. I will be making the trip back again and again. Yum...
4	This place is amazing!! Can't say enough good things about this restuarant! The set up is nice and the art work is superb! A great place to go have a date night or a quiet family dinner. The food is always fresh, (highly recommended the el pastor quesadilla!!) The only thing negative per se about this place is the service. They really need another waiter. I give respect to the guy that works there solo, but he's so busy hustling and bustling that it's hard for him to give adequately good service when he's rushing through our orders. We have been there 3 times and each time it is the same, 4 or 5 tables and we end up waiting 20 minutes to get a drink order.I love the atmosphere and food too much to stop going, just hope they hire another waiter in the near future!!Definitely recommend this place to others!!!
5	Been here a total of 4 times and I want to make it my 5th as soon as I can. So this was easy for me to update my rating from 4 stars to 5 stars!  I still love my tacos but my wife recently had the argentine steak quesadilla and it was amazing!! It was very big..big enough for us to easily share. On our last visit we didn't share but ended up taking the other half home and have an amazing snack!Overall service isn't the fastest, but I'll wait a little for food so good. Nice local restaurant in Glendale!
3	The food is always great,  I have been here maybe 5 times and only one of those times were we waited on in a timely manner.  They drop the menu off and then go away for at least 10-15 minutes.  For some reason the wait staff refuses to write down any orders.  I'd rather they write them down instead of getting them wrong. The lack of staff is the downfall of this place.  Can't deny the meat and the food is fantastic.
1	My husband and I would go here every week since they opened.. But it seems as though since the owner hasn't been in the place lately the restaurant is going down hill... The 2 waitresses have a very poor attitude... Last week we went the girl waitress had an attitude and told my sister in law they were out of rice & michelada's!  Went back today and the waitresses would not even wait on us! Another couple sat next to us and they give them menus & chips!!! We waited 20 minutes before walking out! Mind you have been loyal customers since they opened their doors! The food was great but has gone down hill!
4	It was a little hard to find and went past twice!  However, although small, it had nice and a very interesting decor (loved the padded chairs).  The menu was large with very different types of tacos and burros you don't often see.  As mentioned by others,  the salsa bar was excellent with lots of choices with a surprising (and tasty) fruit salsa!  I was slightly put off as we ordered our iced teas at lunch and they were delivered in wax paper cups which was not what you would expect in a sit down restaurant. Then the meal came in baskets like you might get at a Sonic drive-in which was also a little disconcerting.  However, the meal certainly made up for these drawbacks (which in the end is the most important quality!).  We had the lunch plate with a small paper cup of beans and another with rice but believe it or not, I was very full at the conclusion of the meal and even took one of the corn tortilla off one of the tacos as I was 'stuffed'. Overall, I wish they had served on regular plates and regular glasses but the food was excellent. The service was also attentive but not intrusive. Will definitely return!
5	Gourmet tacos!  Try any two gourmet tacos you will not be disappointed. These tacos aren't your regular small street tacos these are some serious tacos. I tried the la santisma taco with arrachera carne and the shark taco. Both were incredible. Really like the shark taco with its sauce.  And the santisma taco was right on. Real Mexican sodas with real sugar straight from the glass bottle. And don't forget the salsa bar. Seriously, so many salsas to choose from. Try them all, I did and simply went back for those I liked, no loved!  Oh. Did I forget even the rice and beans were good and I only know this because they mistakenly added them to my plate, the chef was being generous the waiter said. Thank you I said!  These are definitely better the average rice and beans.
5	Decided to take my dad on a lunch date to La Santisima. We were both more than impressed with the taste and presentation of the food. I purchased a two taco plate and was stuffed like a turkey on Thanksgiving, well worth it! The salsa bar was amazing, so many options, you can't try them all in one sitting. This definitely means I'm going back for more!
1	Well the horchata was ok.I guess the first issue.. ordered street tacos a la carte that were supposed to be 1.95 but somehow they decided the bring out the plate w/ rice and beans because this was supposed to save money.. well it didn't.. I didn't ask them too.. but hey.. thanks i guess lol.Stay away from the carne asada tacos. The meat is poor quality.. too much fat and it makes for a greasy taco..this in my opinion is a pretty bad asada taco. The mountain of cabbage doesn't help it's overall lacking in flavor either. Pile on the salsa, those are really good. Also it's reheated which is standard practice i guess but some of these pieces were pretty black.. living in a mexican household you know this happens when you reheat the meat a few times. I could not tell the difference between the street taco and the more expensive arrachera taco. Meat quality = same.Burro was solid. Salsa's great.. no chip refills. All in all for 70 bucks.. not worth it. That's 12 tacos rice and beans, 1 burrito, and 5 drinks.. this at Los Taquitos would cost me $40ish. However those tacos are ridiculous good unlike here.  Don't get what the fuzz is all about.
5	Went here today for lunch. Fast service, great salsa bar, food was awesome. Not a typical taco stand. I recommend this highly. I can't wait to go back!
4	I have been here twice and both visits were enjoyable.  The food is amazing and the portions are generous.  It is fun to order and share among friends since there is such a variety on the menu - definitely many flavors to suit every palate.  The salsa bar is eclectic and amusing and brings a great point of conversation to the table.This is a great addition to downtown Glendale.I was disappointed by the slow service provided at both visits.  The staff plays music from an mp3/iPod but we had to ask several times to turn it down because we could not even here each other talk over the volume of the music.  It was a feature that I could have done without.  These are easy fixes for the management and staff.
5	Been here 3 times the quality of the food is so good. The best tacos I have had since moving from LA. The quesadilla I got was so good I ate the whole thing! The asada street taco and mole taco is just the best. The horchata was very good and unique. The salsa bar is good and clean too.
5	Great tacos and the rice tasted great.  Had the 3 tacos rice and beans.  The chicken tacos were very tasty the one meat taco was little on the chewy side but still very good.  Would recommend.
2	Not impressed. We went in around 4pm and there was only one table in there. Exterior was really original and set a good vibe, then we stepped inside and I felt like I was in a tattoo artists bedrooom. Took about 5-10 minutes for someone to come out of the kitchen to greet us and seat us which was not a good first impression. The salsa bar had good variety but was set up very poorly. The "togo" salsa containers you use to grab you salsas were so small you couldnt even fit a tortilla chip into it, We had to get a plastic spoon to get our salsa onto our chip because there was no metal utensils on the table. They didnt provide us little plates either so our table was a mess before we even started ordering.As our tacos hit the table the first thing we noticed where that both mine and my husbands plates had big cracks on them. Flea market much?I got the smoked marlin taco which had the texture of canned tuna fish with a minestrone like vegetable concoction on top and the shrimp tacos, pretty decent. The corn tortillas were pretty flimsy though and resembled the storebought el paso brand.Service was not the best either, our questions about the tacos were answered with finger pointing at the menu and blank looks like...uhh you dunno what achiote rojo is? All in all, the fact that we said we should have gone to chipotle instead says everything.
4	Dear La Condesisima or whoever you are now...I don't need to add to the already glowing reviews of your food, I love it and hope you stay around forever (especially your chile oil...I could drink that stuff).In fact, I love it so much that I frequently crave it on my way home from work....but I am almost always thwarted by the fact that no one ever answers the phone to take my order. I'm not going to stop and wait for you to take and make my order when I'm trying to bring dinner home to my kids, I just want to order over the phone so I can walk in and pick it up. Please answer your phone so I can spend my money at your place.(unless you're trying to discourage take-out orders, in which case please tell me so I can stop getting my hopes up when the craving strikes!) Thanks!
4	I love this place. I have been eating at the original one on 16st and palm ln for about 2 years. This one is even better!  I love the quesadillas. Not your moms quesadilla!  I almost always get th he chicken mole in the quesadilla.  Love it. I have tried almost everything.  I would also recommend chicken Tinga. Shrimp tacos are awesome. Try all 20 of the salsas. Including,  pecan, hicima.  Green toatilllo is awesome. The Margaritas are fresh with chunks of fruit! Yummy! Enjoy.
3	We'll as a taco shop it's ok it's a self serve salsa bar and get your own fork kindaPlace not overly impressed with the food beans runny rice wasGood tacos ok  prices are fair Service was good need some help on there tables they all are wobbly tried several lol give it a try.
4	My husband and I had dinner here this past weekend for the first time. We had been wanting to try it, but hadn't gotten around to it. We are glad we finally took the time to have dinner here. It was really good.  The tacos were fabulous, the margaritas were good and the choices of salsa were great. The service is a little slow, so if you're in a hurry pick another time to visit this wonderful establishment. I definitely will be returning and bringing friends and family!
5	I love this place. Been here quite a few times now.I love this place because it stands out among the hordes of Mexican food places serving smothered in cheese and sauce Mexican food. That's not my Mexican food at all. La Santisima is. The location is across 59th. Ave from Old Town Glendale so not exactly walkable from Old Town because who wants to cross Grand and risk death by car. There's a small parking lot in the back of the restaurant though. It's never very busy when I've been for a weekend lunch or dinner. La Perla next door can be packed with patrons and 20 tables will be empty at La Santisima some weekends. That simply means less hassle to get some of the best food you can find in Glendale.I would recommend trying anything with arrachera in the description and the al pastor tacos. Their seafood choices are bangin' too. Their salsa bar will challenge your ideas of what a salsa can be made of. If you want to go for lunch or dinner at La Santisima and you can't find a date, I'll go with you anytime.
4	Food was really good. I had a Quesa and it was not the ordinary quesadilla. The horchata was also unique. I am definitely going back to try the shark tacos. I would have given it 5 stars but it was warm in there. In AZ you do not want to go from baking outside to eating in a warm restaurant. There was also only one server working.
4	This is a hidden gem, nestled anongst fifty more taco shops it really stands out. Their menu features dogfish shark a fliet mignon tacos that really live up to the name gourmet. The salsa bar is features approximately 20 different salsas that range from peanut to classic pico. They are however lacking in the service department as well as quality beverage choices.
4	Let me start by raving about the salsa bar!!!!  OMG!!!!  Pecan Salsa, strawberry salsa, YUM!  I had their La Condesa veggie taco...it was delicious.  And we got there around happy hour, so, the cervezas were only $2!  Everything about this place was great...food, drinks, prices, decor.  I'm giving them 4 starts because even though they only had one other couple there, the service was slow!  Speed it up...and you will earn 5 stars!!!  Please don't change the menu.  This is truly gourmet mexican food with a twist.  Gracias!!!!!
5	This place was delicious and different! Has vegan and vegetarian choices.  Loved the many different salsas from the salsa bar. Laid back atmosphere.  Friendly staff. Will definitely return!
1	We get here get greated 5 stars We sit down they bring us chips 5 stars They ask us if we are ready to order we say yes I'm about to ask for a torta and the waiter tells me nope don't order than they aren't that good if you want tortas you should go to a torta shop. My reaction 0_O really grade 1 star.We finish our chips server just looks at us doesn't bring us chips I get up give him the basket to see if he can bring us more he says yes grade 1 star.He comes back I want to order some tacos he says no you should eat the quesadilla my reaction o_0 grade 1 star. We ask for napkins he responds "oh they are in the hallway next to the restroom my reaction "wtf" I get up and grab them myself. Grade 1/2 star The deep fried quesadilla was so chewy I couldn't cut it "this is what they are known for" yeah.! They need another cook.! Grade 1star The meat was delicious.!!! 5 stars The salsas 5 stars The tacos were too big my advice keep them small and don't do double tortilla we get it you guys want us to leave satisfied but are doing a mistake serving your tacos with two huge tortillas.! We will not be going there anymore want so good tacos 7 ave and camelback next yo Charlie's "tacos Yakis" delicious tacos and not as pricy! Oh and why do you serve tacos with beans and rice wtf that's too American! Good night people.!
4	Had the 3 Street taco plate, Al Pastor, Carne Asada & Cochinita Pibil. Delicious! Wife had the La Santisima veggie taco plate. Very hardy for veggie only. The salsa bar selection was awesome, all very tasty. The wait staff was attentive, knowledgeable on the dishes. Used a Groupon for this introductory visit. Will so be coming back.
5	Absolutely sensational food! For example, the best guacamole we've ever had. Raisins and mangoes in guacamole? Who would have thought of that! Marvelous! Everything we ordered was prepared from fresh, high quality ingredients, and was served almost as soon as our orders were place. The black mole tacos were wonderful; earthy, smokey and rich mole sauce balanced off by pickled red onions. Our server, Louis, was attentive and informative. We'll be taking friends to try the place soon. It's the closest thing to the Barrio Cafe you'll find on the West Side of town.
4	I'm so happy that there is a La Santisima near me now. Although not very large, this location isn't nearly as cramped as the original location, and overall, the service was much better! The food was as tasty as the original location. I had the mole quesa and my husband had the al pastor quesa. Both were delicious. I'll definitely be back.
5	This place has jumped to number one on my Phoenix taco list.  For real, OMG, we got a Groupon and decided to redeem it today.  The salsa bar... it's freaking amazing (strawberry, chipotle/pecan, cilantro crema, and many others).  Don't even get me started on the horchata.  I had NOTHING bad, or even average here, it was all amazing.  Cute, trendy/rustic decor, and the food is outstanding.  The mole was so smokey and rich and flavorful and the Mayan cochinita pibil taco was so tangy and tender.  Seriously, I ate until I literally could eat no more.  America's used to be my go-to for cheap tacos a la carte, but this place has edged firmly into first place.
5	The La Santisima Quesa is absolutely delicious!  I crave it all the time.  Order it, you won't be disappointed.  In my opinion, this is the best restaurant within a 10 mile radius of downtown Glendale. It has the best margaritas, tacos, salsa bar and service.  I tipped off my buddy Jason V. to this place and now he's the duke.  It's goooooood.
5	I've always passed by the place but didn't take notice until I got a groupon for it and wanted to try it out. I really liked the decor and the restaurant looks clean. The food I ordered was great and fresh, and the horchata was quite different from other places but it was pretty good. They had a wide variety of salsa, my favorite was the salsa pecan. I would most likely come back again for the food and good customer service.
3	I've driven by La Santisima many times but never stopped in. The decor on the outside intrigued me so I Yelped it and was impressed by the reviews. We decided to give it a shot on my moms birthday with a party of 5. We were seated quickly got our chips and drinks and started trying the various salsas from the salsa bar. It was pretty cool having more than a few choices and some were really good.There is almost to much on the menu. All 5 of us had a hard time deciding on what to sample. I decided to go with the shark quesa. It did not disappoint. It was great. All 5 of us enjoyed our food immensely and were talking about when we could get together to go back. The service was good. Not great but the one waitress was pretty taxed because of how busy they were. We ordered my daughters quesa with no sour cream and it came out with sour cream. It was noticed by the waitress as soon as she put put it down though and she took care of it. My wife's tacos and my daughters quesa were brought out quite a bit later than the other 3 meals. No clue why the tacos took so long but it is what it is. Also it took a bit of effort to get the chips refilled and I still haven't got my drink refilled. Notice I've mentioned that we had a party of 5 quite a few times... La Santisima automatically adds 18% gratuity to parties 6 or above. Well when we got our bill it was marked as a party of 6, with gratuity added. The waitress took my card, ran it, and low and behold the itemized copy that showed the added gratuity was gone when she brought the customer/store copies back. You know, that's the part when you fill in the tip. If I wouldn't have noticed beforehand I would not have had any idea that the tip was already included. Because we didn't have a party of 6, only 5. I kind of felt like someone was trying to get over on me and get double tipped. Just a suspicion. I don't tend to be the conspiracy theory type but it just seemed a bit fishy to me. I would definitely go back. The food was fantastic, 5 star territory, but the service snafus and the gratuity mystery cost them a couple stars. When I do go back, and I will, I'm just going to keep a really close eye on my receipt.
5	Excellent food, excellent serviceThe restaurant is always clean and presentable. The owners are very warm and welcoming. Lots of different salsas to choose from. Fantastic horchata (probably the best i've ever had) Tacos are amazing!!
5	Yes. Yes. Yes.  Anybody who does not give this restaurant a 5 is a food critic who's just trying to take down one of the best taco shops in America!  We were so excited when this place moved over to the west side closer to our house.  Try to quesadillas and the horchata.
5	I can come back to this place anytime! I always recommend this Mexican Gourmet restaurant to all my friends when they are up to trying something new. I love ordering the street tacos with rice and beans. The Cochinito Pibil meat is very delicious. The horchata is mouth watering! The horchata is served with pineapples, strawberries, and peanuts at the top of the drink. It's a great place for a date, lunch, or after work happy hour. I wouldn't recommend big parties.
5	My new favorite medium scale Mexican restaurant in Phoenix. Very high quality and simple. The oxacan cheese, fresh herbs and spices, grilled chiles, the 10+ salsa bar options and the homemade horchata with berries and nuts are all you need to know. Vegan and vegetarian options!
4	I had the chicken tinga and dogfish shark tacos. The tinga was packed with flavor. My companion had the chicken mole taco, and I have to say that's what I'll get next time. It was the perfect combination of heat and sweet. Victoria beer rounded everything off. Service was adequate.If you're looking for Mexican food off the beaten path, try La Santisima.
4	La Santisima, known in a past life as La Condesa, makes some of the best...THE BEST burritos and salsas in the valley. It looks like fast casual food, but it's a sit down restaurant that costs less than competitors while offering way higher quality eats. Like the 15+ varieties of salsa, ranging from a spicy, smoky chipotle to a light, creamy cilantro. Your food is going to take forever, so you might as well enjoy as many as you can. They all come across as very fresh--none of that canned crap. My burrito, the Gaucho, was up there with the best I've had. And I've had a LOT of burros. The grilled white cheese, rich steak that had a faint wine flavor, cucumbers, and some peppers. Amazing. Great! The portion was huge as well, and I could barely finish it. I have a HUGE appetite. The coolest part was that it was only around $9. That's somewhere between fast-casual and sit-down prices, but with better quality than virtually any Mexican restaurant. For about another $4 you can add some awesome aguas frescas like the horchata, complete with a touch of strawberry. I actually don't like that type of fruit infusion in something I expect to be straight up rice and cinnamon, but I can appreciate the quality ingredients. I'm sold on this place, and I definitely recommend you should go, but that doesn't mean I'm going to overlook a few flaws that irk me. The first is that I'm not sure the furniture is either comfortable, tasteful, or clean. The high wooden tables are much obliged for taller patrons like myself, but they were sticky...despite being actively cleaned as we walked in. Gross. The seats are shoddy as well. The airbrush-on-canvas Frida Kahlo paired with the "no no THIS IS HOW MEXICAN FOOD IS DONE WE USE PROPER NAMES" motif on the menu give this a unique, yet eyeroll-worthy vibe I can best describe as try-hard and totally hipster. Service is questionable as well. Although I appreciate that everyone who is not American actually takes their time at restaurants, I don't find anything particularly complex that warrants 20+ minutes for a burrito, and tacos/beans/rice for my dining partner. This is on top of the 10+ minutes it took to get a menu. We actually had to get up and grab them ourselves! They were not really paying attention. Oh yeah, and then there's the warm tap water. Gross. Anyway, Santisima comes across as a place with great cooks that don't know how to run a restaurant. I can't say I enjoyed any aspect of dining in besides salsa sampling, and so I've gotta deduct points even though that was a 5-star burrito. Fortunately, you can avoid these issues by just ordering something to go, which is probably what I'll gladly do when I undoubtedly return.
4	Food is very good. I had the al pastor quesadilla which is unbelievable. The service was slow and waiter a bit grumpy but the food is worth coming back for.
3	Finally visited La Santisima.  Thought I would really really like the food, but I didn't.  Although I did finish my plate, it wasn't spectacular in any way.Before I get to what I ordered, let me make note on how important it is for a restaurant to have an eye soothing menu.  The online menu is great, but the restaurant menu is much more extensive than the short list on the website.  Unfortunately for me, the menu was much too busy.  The colors were awful and I didn't want to look at it for more than two minutes.   Red and black text looked crammed and didn't stand out the way text on a decently designed menu does.  I barely read past the tacos.  Ordered three tacos a la carte ($3.99 each). The mesquite cactus taco (I can't remember the dish name) with no queso, La Condesa Veggie with no queso, and the fish taco.  Also a side of guac which cost about $4.Honestly the guac was the most exciting thing on the table. The food was filling but all three tacos needed some DIY spicing.  Ranking:1. guacamole - made with dried cranberries and mango.  A bit tangier than I prefer, but palatable.2. spinach taco - wished the spinach was chopped smaller3. cactus taco - slabs of cactus made my mouth work overtime 4. fish taco - too much breading on the fish, and just plain cabbage with bland white sauce drizzled on top.  Wish I had asked for no white sauce. The salsa bar is okay.  There were only a few salsas that I thought looked appetizing.  Most were watery and needed some DIY mixing of two or three to get a fantastic flavor.  And with the serving cups being so small, I couldn't grab a decent serving of a favorite salsa.  I refilled at the bar three times and then just gave up.Our server was kindhearted and brought a sample of horchata.  I have tasted something similar to it, but didn't like it.  Sweet drinks with cinnamon flavor aren't my thing.If I'm in the area and feeling hungry I would go back.  It's a decent restaurant, but not one to where I would plan a night out.
5	My husband and I drove out to Glendale to wander the shops and discovered that many of them are closed on Sunday. Oh well, we were hungry so made that our priority! We got out our phones and decided to check Yelp reviews for a good Mexican restaurant. La Santisima Gourmet Tacos popped up:)We were welcomed immediately when we entered and received outstanding service. The restaurant has a cool vibe with colorfully striped chairs and large, vibrant paintings of Frida, Diego, images of Dia de Los Muertos and other iconic images. A lot of Mexican restaurants have salsa bars, but not with this many freshly made salsas and in such flavorful varieties. We had to stop ourselves from eating chips so we would have room for our lunch! I tried the combination plate of three street tacos with rice and beans. All were fantastic, but the spicy pork was my favorite! My husband had a quesadilla that he raved about. And he grew up in AZ, so he is picky about Mexican food! We'll definitely return...with friends:)
5	We went hiking the day after Thanksgiving and after that we were starving. I have been wanting to try this place out for a while, we loved it!! Not only did we enjoy the atmosphere & music, the food was seriously good!! I have to watch my carb intake and my husband discovered they had tacos protien style SCORE!! they were beautiful, looked like enchiladas.  I had the chicken tinga and gaucho steak tacos, the taste was an explosion sooo good!! Even the kids loved them. We really liked this place, the pictures of skeletons were awesome, our teen girls really thought it was cool! We will be back for sure!
5	Being an AZ native along with my husband, we eat lots of Mexican food and tacos. We have lots of places we love to go and get our fix of Mexican food. This place by far has the best tacos we have ever had. The salsa bar is so great with like 16 different salsas you get to help yourself to from Pico to strawberry to pecan, I think we tried them all! Such a good experience and friendly staff. We haven't even left and are planning our next trip back, tomorrow maybe? Live this place!
1	HORRIBLE service!!!! They have good food, but the service is so awful that it's truly not worth your time.  The staff is unprepared and rude. Sat for a while without being even noticed and once we were served they never came back. Horrible service! Other people around us got their food to go due to the service and the staff was ignoring other tables as well! Numerous customers were upset. Go to their other location, it's much more friendly and the staff is on top of things.
1	4 star food with 0 star service so I compromised. We walked in and questioned if anyone even worked there. We waited about 5 minutes before I had to walk over to the bartender and ask if it was self seating. I was told that they have to clear the tables which were full and that's why we weren't sitting yet. Thanks... I guess? So we finally sit and its 15 minutes before were asked what we want to drink and are given menus. About 10 minutes later the bar tender walks up and says "I'm not your waiter but I'll help you" the girl that was supposed to be our waiter was in her own world staring at the POS system like she was having problems creating people checks, but I think she just didn't want to face all the mad diners looking impatient around me. People that walked in 15-20 minutes after me are already getting Togo boxes and pretty much the same issue was present with the table next to us. We came in five minutes after him yet finished eating before he received his food. There was no order or massive issues in the kitchen or both. Even a walk up Togo order was in and out quickly, but the man was complaining about receiving the wrong food. The waitress seemed to argue back with customers or give excuses. It was very unacceptable customer service wise. I will never go back or recommend this place even though the food was good. Near the end of the meal we were told the food was great (which it was) but the service was horrible (also true) by a staff member. Why can't you fix it if you know it's wrong? If you order take out I would suggest the street tacos as they are all very good. If the restaurant isn't busy I'm sure the service doesn't struggle (as I've experienced the first time I went in) but when I returned on a date to careless and horrible service I know it's not worth my time to return.
5	We LOVE this place and couldn't be happier to have them on the west side!  Fresh, unique, incredibly delicious food in a comfortable atmosphere and contrary to other reviews, our service has always been exemplary!  Not at all the typical swimming-in-grease-and-cheese Mexican food but fresh and interesting and an extensive menu!  We are regulars and have hardly made a dent at trying everything they offer!  The salsa bar is like no other and stands on its own in making this a must-go destination!  Give this great restaurant a try....you won't be disappointed.  Then, tell all your friends and family so one of Glendale's best restaurants stays here!
4	Definitely the best mexican place in the west valley! Very authentic and unique flavors! Escape all the chains and go to this place! You can't go wrong with the margarita that has grapefruit in it!
5	Great tacos, delicious micheladas! Great selection of sauces, love the decor. Service was friendly and prices are good.
5	This place is awesome!! So many salsas to choose from!! If you want a taste of authentic Mexican food... Come here!!!
