4	We come here a lot for work functions. The service is usually pretty decent even though they're always busy and the food is good. This is a classic pub - so burgers, wraps, sandwiches and CHICKEN WINGS (my god, they have good ones. I recommend the Irish beer BBQ, with a 'light' amount of sauce). They try to branch out, and I hear they have a good butter chicken but I don't really trust a traditional pub to make Indian food. I guess I'm just not a believer. The portions are big, and you'll leave satisfied. If you're a vegetarian though, beware. They are very light on veggie choices. We went once and they were out of veggie burgers which, if I remember correctly is their only vegetarian entree...
4	Service was friendly and food portions plentiful while the live duet doing a folksy cover of Bob Marley on the patio kept me distracted for the few minutes that my drink was empty. The wings must have come from Arnold Schwarzenegger's chickens since they were so meaty and Sauce-trian. And it was the spicy BBQ kick from the Meat Lover's Pizza that elevated McCabe's from a blah-bar-experience to one worth repeating.
5	Easily the best pub food in the area. I've tried lots of different menu items and each one has been great. In particular I recommend their poutine with the curry gravy... Sounds odd but believe me it is excellent
3	Exec. Summary: Decently interesting food tarnished by crappy beer selection.McCabe's is an "Irish" pub in much the same way I'm a "Scottish" Canadian... which is to say, not at all.That aside, I was pleasantly surprised to when I arrived to see some interesting food choices on the menu.  The burgers, especially, were pretty creative - I had a Japanese inspired tofu burger with wasabi mayo - it was quite good.  Throw in delicious sweet-potato fries and large portions, and you got yourself some great pub-fare.Where McCabe's falls down, though, is on the beer selection.  They have something along the lines of 18 taps and of those 18 maybe 1 or 2 are even mildly interesting beers.  I mean, really... do you need to have Canadian, Bud, Bud Light, *AND* Coors all on tap... surely drinkers of any one of those swills will accept another of them and hardly notice the difference, no? The rest of the beer selection was equally underwhelming 'mid level' beers (Keith's, Creemore, Moosehead...etc...).  I'm pretty sure there are some interesting microbrews in the KW area, but you wouldn't know that from a night at McCabe's...
4	We were looking for a place with good poutine and McCabe's did not disappoint. We had the one with the Guinness and HP sauce gravy.  The whole family loved it.  Even the 18 month oldThe beef pie was amazing. A wonderful combination of flavor and texture.  Perhaps a little too much gravy, but man it tasted great.  Same with the mushroom tarragon soup.  My wife commented it tastes so good because its made fresh on site.  The portions on the kids meals were generous.  Two of the three kids ate all of their pasta and were raving about it that evening.Our server was friendly, patient with our three dawdling kids and frequently checked in to see how we were doing.The restaurant itself looked like the standard pub style.  I really liked the lounge area with the couches, and the washrooms were quite clean.We are definitely planning another trip to KW soon for another round of poutine and Irish fare.
5	Really enjoyed this place. We have been a couple times now and it has always been good. The place is very clean and well laid out. Service has been great every time. The food was excellent. We had mostly bar food. Between the four of us we ordered deep fried pickles, loaded potato skins, chicken wings, garlic bread, mozza sticks, and the spinach dip. Everything was awesome, perfectly cooked. My only complaint would be the chicken wings. If your going to highlight on the menu that your suicide wings are "no joke" at least make them hot. They were mediocre hot at best. Got me all excited for some good wings only to be let down on the first bite.
3	I visited McCabe's with a friend this weekend, and the place was, as expected, full of St. Patty's Day spirit! The beer selection apparently isn't very extensive, but we were mainly there to chow down, so it wasn't a problem. I was really excited to try the beef and potato pie, but was informed by the waitress that they had run out... which was disappointing considering it was only a bit after 1 pm. However, the burgers were also a very appealing option so I went with that instead. My friend and I were also feeling ambitious, so we got a side of nachos.First off, the serving of nachos was very generous, which was nice, considering it cost more than my burger. The tray on which they're served has a large diameter, so the toppings were evenly distributed amongst all the nachos (ie. no sad bland chips on the bottom). The chips were the baked ones, and were fairly bland, so it wasn't too salty with the cheese.I had pretty high expectations for the burger, because there was a substantial blurb on the menu about how the meat was from Beretta Farms. The burger wasn't a total disappointment, but the patty was under-seasoned and did the meat no justice. Nonetheless, it was certainly among some of the better burgers I've had. The "side" of fries was also massive. It also happened to be seasoned much better than the patty.The service here is cheery, the food satisfies and if I lived in this area, I would definitely be back more often!
4	The food at McCabes is consistently top notch and is served up quickly; I can honestly say it is one of the few restaurants that I consider a favourite.The service can be hit or miss at times but overall nothing really to complain about. The pub boasts a nice patio, large menu, friendly staff/regulars and an excellent selection of both whiskey and beer.I highly recommend McCabe's!
5	McCabe's is our go to restaurant in the area. The food is excellent in the staff are very friendly. The hamburgers are delicious and the pulled pork is awesome. My wife usually has the chicken fingers and my kids love the french fries. We have never been disappointed going to McCabe's.
4	Stopped in last night for Monday night football. There was $5 pints of anything and 69 cent wings. Lots of nice TVs with great HD, but maybe not the best layout for watching sports, as there are places where you cannot see a TV. The wings were awesome! Some of the best wings I've had in a long time.
