3	Second most expensive oil change, ever. For $70, it should include a massage. I guess they figure since you have a Jag, you wouldn't bat an eye at $70. They don't consider broke ho's like me with 18 year old Jags.I do give them props for not trying to upsell you fifty bucks worth of extras (hello, Jiffy Lube!). They also call you when your car is due again. If I was getting that kind of cash each time a customer came in, I'd be on the horn too.I can't say anything about their repair service. But they seem to have plenty of business. Their parking lot is always full of Jags. Apparently they work on Rovers too.
5	You go to someone like Dave because he specializes in British & Related higher caliber vehicles. Why...? You don't have to worry about them cross threading oil plugs or other BS that happens on the cheap-o places. I've come to Dave a few times on strategic repairs on my Land Rover (repairs that only fix what is needed) so the car keeps rolling. Dave and his crew understand this and don't try BS up-selling. If one wants to be a low-budget player and drive a British car then one is dreaming. Try a Toyota, beep-beep.  -- bottom line -- Dave and his team get the job done and at a fair-market price for the caliber of car. Try going to the dealer and you will pay much more.  Whatever to the whining about a $70. oil change. Head back to Jiffy Lube, sounds like you already going there Korina, or get a corolla.  ** update 6/27/11, Dave and his team got my car in and out in under an hour. I passed emission after some minor adjustments. DAVE AND HIS TEAM DELIVER!!
5	The best!  I had my 2008 Land Rover to the dealer for service a couple months ago and was told there were several things that needed to be fixed ASAP.  With very low mileage on the vehicle I was skeptical.  I looked up garages on Yelp and came across Dave's.  He went over the car with a fine tooth comb and gave it a clean bill of health and didn't charge me a dime.  He has a customer for life!
5	I've taken my 2004 Range Rover to Dave twice and he's done a professional job on both occasions. His prices are fair and he's a knowledgeable and honest man.
5	Dave has worked on my 1999 Jaguar and rebuilt a 2000 Range Rover for me. He has always been a straight shooter who always keeeps you informed of work needed at a fair price. Bring him a cigar for a job well done. When I sold a car, he would take the time to let the buyer know exactly what work had been done. 5 Stars. Highly recommend.  Jeff K.
5	AMAZING. Super honest, super fair priced, super knowledgeable and a super nice guy. Yes, I'm giving him a great review because he deserves it and you will think so too. I guarantee it.  Don't use the other British car mechanics because I have.  I drive from Scottsdale right past two closer British car mechanics because Dave is outstanding.  If you need more of a recommendation. You can email me at Rollsroyce50@aol.com.  Yes I have one!!!!!
