4	After watching Hypnosis Gone Wild, my interest piqued when I had the opportunity to catch another hypnosis show.While I went to use the restroom, the BF held our seats.  I came back and he was holding a shot glass filled with a pink concoction.  Me: "Uh, where did that come from?"  the BF: "Here, it's yours...I already had three."Me: "Three?"  "Did you pay for them?"the BF: "No..." "The cocktail waitress in the nurse uniform came around with them...She came around with one round, then came back and noticed you were still gone, so she gave me another."Me: "Are they trying to get us drunk before the show?"As the crowd settled in, we looked up at the screen above and prepared ourselves for another night of laughs.  First to appear on stage were two hot scantily clad women dancing.  This is already looking much better than the other show.  When the hypnotist finally emerged, he chose about 30 volunteers and had them all seated on stage.  He went through his monologue of getting them under, and chose about 10-15 who fell the hardest.  Not revealing too much about this show, I would say it was much better than Hypnosis Gone Wild because they used a lot more props.  (It also helped with his assistants - the two women I mentioned before and one male who definitely spends some quality time at the gym.)The 'suggestions' were much more provocative and had us falling off our seats.  I would definitely go back soon to watch this show again.  Damn, good stuff! Some of the 'volunteers' were just too good though.  It made the BF and I wonder if they were planted in the audience because they were just so over the top!  Nonetheless, they added to the humor of the show.  Mesmerized shows nightly (except for Fridays) at 10:30 pm.  21 and over only.
5	Marc Savard is back, my friends!  After a few months off when his show, Mesmerized, closed at the V Theater in the Miracle Mile Shops of the Planet Hollywood Resort, Savard has returned.Now setup on the second floor of Trader Vic's, Savard has tuned down the sexuality of his show but kept the laughs at a maximum.  The stage is very small which did concern me.  However, Savard makes great use of what he has and ensures that the entire room is used by his "victims", his assistant and himself.The view from Trader Vic's is worth the price of admission alone...you look out from an elevated view over the Belaggio fountains.  Inside the bar area, if you buy a $20 wristband you get unlimited drinks for the entirety of the show (which is about 90 minutes).I attempted to become hypnotized the 2nd night of his new gig at Trader Vic's.  Unfortunately I only half went under; the woman next to me went fully under and fell into my lap which woke me up.  Finding my regular seat again, I could not stop laughing for the rest of the show as Savard suggested what the people on stage might do, then snap his fingers and have them do it.I know for a fact this works as my roommate went on stage before Savard's show ended at the V Theater.  He would never do anything that he had done on stage if he was fully aware of what was going on.  We purchased a DVD of the show after and he was completely surprised and embarassed by what happened and is only now beginning to see how funny it was.  If you end up on stage, you can purchase a DVD of the show for $30.  Savard also sells CD's that can help you quit smoking, lose weight, etc.The cost for the show is $20-$30.  I would recommend going with as many friends as possible and having as many of you go on stage as will go.  You may NEVER forget this night (unless you were hypnotized)!Note: Beause he has toned down the sex in the show, kids age 12 and up can go.  Show is only Monday thru Thursday as well.
4	I love Marc! I've seen the shows a few times and he's great. I'm not going to spill the beans on what goes on. That would take away the greatness. Just grab a drink and enojoy the ride. THis guy has a good voice, great charisma and humor. And when my friend on stage fell over in a hypnotic stupor, oh i was on the ground laughing so hard i cried. ANd you can meet the man after the show. He's the kind of guy you want at your next party. Really.:)
2	Really??  My wife and I were so convinced everyone on stage was a ringer and that everything going on was just so insanely ridiculous that we actually left in the middle of the show.  I guess if some of these yelpers friends were actually into it (all very credible reviewers imo) then maybe I should give it a 2nd chance and bring a lot more people to the show.  I am still shaking my head in disbelief.  I thought it was so lame cuz I just couldn't believe it.  He's back in the V theater too.
5	Heh, just as soon as I mentioned he was back, he was gone again.  It was a short-lived hiatus. He is now back at the V Theater in the Miracle Mile Shops.The show is still as good as ever and better than at Trader Vic's because of the space for the action is more adequate.  Some acts that were taken out of the original at the V Theater are now back...these final acts are the best part of the show!Check our Marc Savard if you can, he's the best in town!
4	My fiance and I caught this show on a whim after watching The Variety show at the V Theatre. We got the tickets for 5 bucks on a regularly 50 dollar show. So we said why not?! To our surprise the show was actually entertaining. We have no idea if the show is staged or anything but some of the "volunteers" got way too much into being hypnotized. It was kind of unbelievable, but entertaining at the same time. This show has a lot of adult content and innuendo so they prefer an 18 and over crowd. If you want to laugh I totally recommend this show.
4	Any show that begins "Expectant mothers, people with serious injuries and whiney little bitches should not volunteer. All others are welcome to come on stage until all chairs are full" can't be all bad, and Mesmerized, with Marc Savard and his assistant Jacky Pagone, wasn't.What: A hypnotism show. 30 volunteers are brought on stage and put into a trance. The ten or so most susceptible to hypnotic suggestion are kept on stage and in the trance, the rest are woken up and returned to the audience. The lucky ten are given a series of suggestions and a surprisingly great deal of hilarity ensues. A very, very mild example: the volunteers are told the room has gone to 140 degrees  and before long begin to fan themselves and then disrobe in a desperate attempt to keep cool. Cost: Pretty much whatever you feel like paying. List price is $54.99 for general admission and $65.99 for VIP seating, but free and discount tickets are very widely available. We got handed a pair (of free tickets) when we asked directions at a time share sales booth inside Planet Hollywood. Of course, this is Las Vegas so free isn't really free - you'll still need to pay a $5 fee  at the box office. Free tickets are general admission but if you'd prefer not to stand in line to get in, they can be upgraded to VIP for $15 each. A cocktail waitress circulates but there is no minimum drink order.Is it real?  The people, yes. The trances, sometimes. Penn & Teller in  Bullshit!, their TV show,  call stage hypnosis 'a license to play-act' http://www.sho.com/site/ptbs/episodes.do?episodeid=121297&ep=213 and my own experience mostly supports this.*  I volunteered and stayed on stage for the 90 minute duration of the show. I was having fun, wanted the audience to have fun, and didn't want to be flunked off stage, so I often called on a mixture of Actor's Improv Workshop skills and yogic breathing to fake or at least exaggerate my trance. But I honestly don't know if "often" means 50%  or 90% of the time. I do recall suddenly becoming consciously aware of things around me a few times, which tells me there were periods when I was genuinely under (or suffering from sleep deprivation and alcohol). I remember experiencing some but not all of the suggested sensations, though none very strongly. The other volunteers, with the exception of one person who just might possibly have been a plant, were at least as real as I.Should I go? Assuming you are at least comfortable with risque humor and either curious about hypnosis or enjoy watching people act uninhibitedly, then yes, absolutely.  Hypnosis shows are 'in' in Vegas right now, but based on the reviews I've read and my own impressions, no one has technical chops better than Marc Savard. Ratings: - Value For Money: *****- Convenience: ***** The show runs everyday but Friday, which means it's available Sunday and Monday when many theaters are dark, and a 10:00PM start makes it easy to see after dinner- Audience Experience: I bet most people would rate the show good to very good. ***1/2- Volunteer Experience: Mesermized offers a ton of people the chance to get on stage, and the volunteers have an experience they'll remember for a while ****Some random notes- I suspect Mesmerized operates with a slightly different business model then most Las Vegas shows. Rather then a cast of hundreds and a sophisticated set, virtually the entire show is Marc, his poised, beautiful and insanely in-shape assistant Jacky, and a few rows of folding chairs.  What Mesmerize does have is lots of merchandise they sell at the end of the show. That probably incentives them to fill the house, rather than make the most possible on each seat. - Marc Savard's website and blog  can be found here http://www.marcsavard.net/ and the official show website here http://www.varietytheater.com/mesmerized.htm* Looked up the Penn & Teller Bullshit! show on hypnosis after seeing it referred to in an excellent article by Mike Weatherford  in the Las Vegas Review-Journal.
5	I was not so sure about this show in the beginning. The only reason we went there was because we got a discount ticket $5 ea (after seeing the Ultimate Variety Show at the V theater) This show ROCKS!!! It was pretty funny all the way through and totally hilarious towards the end. I would recommend this to anyone that is looking for a great funny show. Adult humor - not  OK for children.
4	Non stop laughter from the beginning of the show till the end. Try to volunteer and get hypnotized. It's a great show.I signed up to see a timeshare (complete waste of 3 hours) but it got me 2 buffett dinners, tickets to the V show and after the V show got this show's ticket for five bucks.
4	This show was amazing from beginning to end. It is a nice show to go to with a group. Volunteer to be hypnotized only if you are the type of individual who is care-free. The show is videotaped and you can purchase a copy of the show at the end. Very humorous and entertaining.When purchasing tickets, VIP seating seems very appealing, but I was disappointed with the setup. We had "VIP" seats and they were not as close to the front as one would imagine VIP seats to be. The theater map shows VIP seats to have tables, and that was not the case. It seemed like they just had theater style seating with a few tables in the front and everyone else that was "VIP" got to sit behind that..... my point is... don't waste your money on VIP seating... it is not all that.
5	This is a VERY funny show!I love stand up comedy but this was the first time I have seen a hypnotist. I will definitely back.If you like to laugh and are looking for something to do in Vegas, this is money and time well spent.
4	I got a pretty good deal through Goldstar for this show. Since it really didn't cost me much to watch the show, I thought it would be a good way to kill some time in Vegas. Wow, 45 minutes before the show, there was a long line for general admission. I still had to pick up my ticket from the box office so that took another 15 minutes. They started seating 10 minutes before the show.The trick is, the earlier you get there, the better seats you get. Trust me, you want to get there earlier since I was almost seated where the structural column was blocking my view of the stage. The ushers will escort you to the appropriate seat for general admission. Marc puts on a good polished show. He is quite entertaining. I think the best parts of this show are at the end. I still don't know whether I am convinced about hypnotism, but I think it has made me think twice about it after watching Marc's show.
4	My husband loved this show. It was very entertaining. I wouldn't pay full price for the show, but discount tickets are well worth the money.My only complaint is the long line for VIP seating. My advice is to pay for general admission. All of the seats are good because the theater is so small.
3	Entertaining. With going if you have extra time.
5	Bottom Line:Show is affordable, and, acting volunteers, or not, I haven't laughed so hard with eyes tearing in a while!! Well done Mr. Savard.The Skinny:Walking into the miracle of mile shops there was an "information" desk who gifted me 6 free tickets for admission to the hypnotist show.  I'm always intrigued by hypnotists..especially of the comedic variety, fond memories of Flip Orley back east.  We meandered over to the theater n learn the free section is sold out. Bummer. The map she showed was a huge auditorium(optical illusion??), we opt for VIP seating for $16/seat. Good thing was we could arrive 5min before show as we now have assigned seats. BonusArriving a few minutes before show time the line is huge, but with reserved seating we're good. Inside we see our seats are pretty good, maybe 15th row back. VIP! And second row from the back. Huh? Where's all the free GA section? Vegas Scam! Ha. Maybe the freebies were off to the sides. Sure their view is a bit worse, but the theater is small, not really a bad seat in the house. My beautiful girlfriend was among the ~30 volunteers on stage. She made it through the first few 'tests' but fell out of trance and joined me in the audience. She fully believed the others were in trance, they wouldn't make eye contact, and with the stunts they were pulling off they must have been! Perhaps it was a combination of being on stage and wanting to be perform, either way, we, the audience loved it.  Rather than give any spoilers on the contents, just know it's more PG-17 than PG/G. You Tube has some clips, though I found the live performance 100x better. Tip:Don't forget to shake the volunteers hands before the leave the bldg, you, and they, will have a nice surprise
5	Marc Savard is hilarious! My friend volunteered to go on stage and this really worked on him! I definitely believe that hypnosis is possible after this experience. The stuff he made volunteers do was pretty funny and I was laughing the entire time. Definitely recommended watching this show and having a friend volunteer!
4	Affordable, raunchy, and hilarious.
4	I got two tickets for my husband's birthday via Groupon for $15 each. I'm not sure if that's much of a steal after reading that people were getting in for free, but still worth it. Because we had general admission tickets, we sat on the side but still had a good view of the show due to the small size of the venue. One man that stood in front of me in line for 40 minutes and one who was sitting in my row were of the final 11 who stayed on stage. This makes the show seem pretty real and not plants or actors.I do believe that some who are not in an extremely deep trance try to exaggerate to stay on stage but that's fine if they want to make a fool of themselves consciously. Overall, the show is really funny, Marc Savard is HOT (that photo does no justice), and for the same price as a movie, is far better entertainment. I just heed warning to those who are sexually conservative because you will probably be offended.
5	Really funny show. It's still hard to believe some of the people aren't plants with the way they act. But I'm sure the quality of the show depends on who goes up there and gets hypnotized. We had a good bunch and had a really good time.  Anyone can volunteer, so its not like they pick people out of the audience themselves.  Probably best if you go in a large group and one of you gets picked.  You'll have some unbelievable stories to tell about your friend after that night.  I recommend this show to anyone going to Vegas and looking for a good laugh at a reasonable price.  We got our tickets at Tix4Tonight the same day of the show hours before it started.
5	by far the best hypnosis show in Vegas! I love the way Marc says "bull-shit"
4	I've been waiting for a while to write this particular review because I wasn't sure how to approach it from an unbiased standpoint.Firstly, I was a fan of Marc Savard well before I ever saw his show at the V Theatre. Clips here and there, hearsay reputation (all positive) and my fascination of hypnosis and the power of suggestibility all pointed to a favorable bias. That all said, the show relies heavily upon those that volunteer at the beginning. I've heard from other people that the routine stays the same, but I can only imagine how different the show is for Savard and his assistant(s) every night. On the particular night that I went, compared to the youtube videos I'd seen, the show wasn't as R-rated as I'd anticipated. (Not a gripe, just an observation.) But it was still super funny and I've never seen my boyfriend laugh to the point where he did the "I'm waving my hands because I can't breathe" dance.(And I think that had I not jabbed him in the arm while Savard was putting his volunteers under, my boyfriend would've ended up participating from the audience!)I've seen prices for his tickets vary from 70 dollars a pop to gratis. All depends where you go and how far in advance you try to acquire tickets, but I think the information desk at the shops at Planet Hollywood have daily 2-4-1 specials if you're a "walk-in" and decide to see him the same day.We got the aforementioned deal and spent 54 bucks, including taxes, for two tickets and I think it was worth the money. Bottom line: The most affordable and the funniest show starring a French-Canadian in Las Vegas. Go see him!
4	Love it! Very intertaining. Way better than I thought about a hynosis show.
5	Funny, funny, funny!  The beginning is pretty slow, when Marc Savard is picking his selection of volunteers.  But it picks up quickly.  Not too great for kids though.  However, I've been to a hypnotist show before with kids, and the guy tamed it down to a more PG/PG-13 level.  Our show was probably rated R, but hilarious!  Hopefully you go to a show with no kids.  It's more entertaining.  Couple of volunteers were the stars of the show.  Marc really knows how to "play up" the volunteers who would make the show.  Even those who don't volunteer (if you are sitting in the front rows) would be a part of the show, without hypnosis.Although we had general admission seating, the view is pretty good.  The theater is small, so every seat is pretty  much a good seat.  No need for upgraded seats if you are just there laughs.
5	Great show, as many posted before, well worth the ticket admission ($20 - $30 in tix4tonight or even cheaper if you go to the nathan burton show). Some people might say that the hypnotized people are fake, even if they are, the show is quite funny. It is one of those shows you shouldnt miss while in Vegas.
4	I've seen the Anthony Cools hypnotist show (Paris Casino) several times over the years. I decided to change things up and check out Marc Savard (Planet Hollywood). From the get-go, I was pleased with the price of tickets for Savard. I got VIP tickets through Savard's own website, for just $25 each. These tickets put us stage center in the second row. In Las Vegas, that's a sweet deal. Having seen the Cools show before, I couldn't help compare the two hypnotists. Here's how they stack up. Best venue - Savard's showroom is better with ascending theater seating. Cools just has floor level seating. Another big selling point at Savard's show is they have waitresses serving cocktails table-side during the entire show. At Cools show, there is no cocktail service at all. If you want to enjoy a drink with the show, you have to bring it in with you.Best value - Savard's show, hand's down. $25 for VIP tickets is a deal. For Cools, you pay abut $75 for the same VIP tickets (several rows back). To sit in the front few rows of Cools show, you need the "ultra VIP" tickets, which cost even more.  Best show - Savard puts on a good solid show. He's also generous to show  participants. If you volunteer, and Savard keeps you on stage, he'll give you two free tickets to return again as a spectator. However, Cools is a better showman. His act also includes more adult X-rated material.
5	I had seen this show in June 2011 and had the time of my life and really regretted not volunteering for the show, so when we went back this month my mind was made up and I did volunteer and became one of the stars for the night. I wanted to feel what it was like to be hypnotized. I was very different from what I expected, and a very interesting and rewarding experience. I had seen my boyfriend get hypnotized many years before and turn into the star of the show, and when I asked him how or why he did the things he did on stage, his only explanation was "Because the hypnostist told me so." That was an unsatisfactory answer back then, but now I have to give the same answer to that question.You do the things you do on stage and act out all the scenarios he's giving you, just because the hypnostist tells you to and because somehow that seems to be the right thing to do. It doesn't seem funny or embarrasing when you do it, because the hypnosis takes your inhibitions away. It doesn't feel like you're in some zombie trance, it feels like you are super aware and really concentrated. I even wondered whether I had faked it, because I was so conscious of my actions on stage. But as a rather shy, self-conscious, and self-censoring person (who is even embarrased to dance in front of her friends) I would never have done all the crazy things on stage in the spotlight in front of 300 strangers without feeling embarrassed and at least laughing at myself. After being hypnotized I did quite some research on hypnosis and found out that's exactly what hypnosis is supposed to feel like. Everything I experienced was typical of hypnosis. It's not some mysterious trance in which you have no idea what you are doing. It's a relaxed feeling of super concentration where you let yourself be guided by the hypnotist without hesitation or regret.And it was such an awesome and fun experience! I felt great during and after the show and this is going to be a great memory for a lifetime. Go to this show and volunteer, you will not regret it!I've been to this show 3 times now (I got free tickets after my performance on stage), and they were all great. The best one, for me and my husband, obviously was the one where I was on stage myself, but the other two shows as an audience member were really entertaining as well! I can't remember laughing as hard as I did during these shows! I will definitely go again and again on future Vegas trips, and probably volunteer again as well!
5	Went with some girls from work last weekend and it was SO much fun! I was a little skeptical with hypnosis but I'm a total believer after this show. It is 100% real and so hilarious! I can not WAIT to go again with another group of friends! If you are looking for a fun night this show is the place to go!
5	One of my buddies came to Vegas for his birthday. I've always wanted to go see this show so we decided at the last min, armed with a $25 locals VIP coupon. It came out to $33 with fees (assigned seating, so no waiting in line).My buddy and I volunteered to go on stage. I really wanted to get hypnotized, but I couldn't. As I was leaving the stage, I looked at my buddy and he was playing air guitar with his @$$ on stage. I knew he was "under." From that point on, I didn't stop laughing at my buddy & others.For those who think it's fake, it's NOT. We spoke with my buddy and others who were the finalists and they were so out of it that they vaguely remembered what they did or saw on stage. I'd remind them what they did and it would come back to them, "Oh yeah! I do remember that." or "I don't remember that at all." My buddy didn't even recognize some of the other finalists. He said it felt like he was sobering up from being drunk. At any rate, we bought the DVD and he was shocked at what he & the others did. We got to laugh the second time around watching it with him. He even scored two free tickets so he gave them to me. After seeing the porn star auditions, I'm glad I didn't get put under. But a part of me still wishes to know what that feels like to be under hypnosis. I'M A BELIEVER.
4	my husband and i ended up with free tickets to the show and upgraded ourselves toreserved seating for $11 dollars a piece. we had a very fun time we laughed the whole time. i wouldnt recommend this to people with younger children because there is a lot of adult humor. but as two adults we really enjoyed the show!
5	We had SO. MUCH. FUN!!! My husband had to go to Vegas for a short conference, I begged to come along. I was in charge of finding our entertainment. Because I have had an interest in hypnotherapy, I thought we would check out Marc Savard's show. I watched a handful of clips on you tube before we came to Vegas, and I was sold. We arrived a few moments late, just as Marc asked for volunteers, I begged my husband to go up and volunteer (even though he hates being the center of attention, anywhere), and HE DID! I sat anxiously watching as the super professional Savard got the volunteers settled, relaxed and into hypnosis. I kept waiting for Marc to show my hubby off stage, but alas he became part of the show! It was amazing seeing my husband without inhibitions, something I have not seen in the decade we've been together.I laughed so hard, my jaw hurt, it was a fantastic time!My husband really enjoyed the experience, and is excited to continue on with hypnosis through Marc's CD sets (sold after the show or on-line).We came back the next night (and used the free tickets he received for volunteering), so my husband could actually see the show. The participants were not quite as funny as the previous night, but it was still hysterical. I think it all depends on the energy of the crowd and the personalities on stage.For the people who think this stuff is faked or staged, I guarantee you, it is most certainly NOT! Marc Savard is amazing at what he does. This is no ordinary "comedy" show. What he does takes far more intelligence and quick thinking than any comedian.Go with an open mind, a great attitude, and a sense of humor, you'll love it!
5	Great show! My boyfriend and I had great time.
1	I really don't understand all of the 5 star reviews for this show. I will admit I was a skeptic about the show going in, so I went on stage to experience the hypnosis process first hand rather than simply being a spectator. I tried to do exactly as Marc said in the hypnosis process, but in the end I didn't feel hypnotized and ultimately I wasn't selected as one of the final eight to participate in the main show. After taking my seat back in the audience, Marc proceeded with the show which consisted of a few silly skits and corny jokes. It looked to me as if the final eight were simply acting the parts that Marc had assigned to him and Marc was using them for cheap laughter.To sum it up, I didn't find the show entertaining or enlightening in any way. If you are taking a trip to Vegas and don't want to see a bunch of class clowns act like fools on stage pretending to be under the control of Marc Savard, I suggest you spend your time elsewhere.
4	Last weekend, my mom and I were in the mood to laugh and we had always heard good things about this show so we decided to give it a try. You have to go into these kinds of shows with an open mind. I've seen a few hypnosis shows and they've always entertained me so I thought "hey, why not give it a try?"My mom and I loved it! We had a great crowd, Marc was hilarious, and our seats were pretty good. We love shows that make us laugh out loud and this one definitely did the trick. Some other yelpers were wondering why this show received 5 stars and I honestly think it's just the idea of "believing." Might sound kind of cliche, but you will only enjoy this show if you believe in the magic of hypnosis. I recommend this show for anyone looking to have a fun night, you won't be disappointed.
5	I have been to a few Hypnosis shows, so I had an idea of what I was in for.  My BF on the other hand was very pleasantly surprised.  It was really really funny.  We both laughed so hard that our sides hurt.  It was a great show, and would highly recommend it.
3	Thankful that this show was free. The first hour is absolutely brutal if you're not participating in the hypnosis. You just sit there quietly and watch Marc hypnotize volunteered audience members until he requires our assistance to clap so the people under hypnosis can act a fool.The very end of the show if begin to get funny as he had the audience members on stage do vulgar and obscene acts without them really knowing what they were doing. The men compete against each other and women do the same for the title as "Stars of the show" and win autograph items.
3	Personally, I felt that it was a tad bit overrated. Although it picked up during the second half, I find that the guests are the ones who make the show funny since they compete against each other doing wild things, so this can really be a hit or miss. Still, it was enjoyable in the second half, and would probably be a better experience if I was able to participate.Cheers
5	Funny, funny, funny. He is cool, comical and smooth. He represents the profession of hypnotism well. He is a great comic as well and rolls with the crowd. You got to see him and buy his CDs. They are great at a great price.
3	Was a great show.  Still hard to tell if people on stage just like acting like they're making fools of themselves or if truly under.  I went up and didn't make the cut.  I guess I'm not easily hypnotized.  Was pretty funny and a good way to spend 1.5 hours in the evening.
5	I laughed so hard it hurt!  This is one of the most entertaining shows I've seen in Vegas. I wasn't sure what to expect since most of the hype in town is all about the Cirque du Soleil shows. It was absolutely the funniest thing I've ever seen. The audience members themselves are The Show. Marc selects volunteers and goes through a hypnosis exercise to weed out the people who can't be hypnotized. This process takes a bit of time. Be patient, it's well worth the wait. From there the party get's started. Yes, the people are truly hypnotized. I've watched them return to their friends in the audience once the show ended and react in complete horror when they are told what they did on stage. Marc also gave the participants a free DVD of the show they participated in and complimentary tickets to return so they can actually see the show next time.Ya gotta see it! Here's a link to some video from past shows. You can find them on Facebook and Youtube as well.http://youtu.be/nlWWxBWWNL0
4	I was laughing so hard that my tummy hurt. Didn't expect to be this funny and look like ppl were being under hypnosis. Will go back and maybe I can volunteer to be on stage. Don't if the volunteers are real ppl or just actors.........someone needs to confirm...
5	Arguably the best show in Vegas!  You will laugh you @$$ off the entire show.  No pressure to go on stage or participate.  I've been to all the hypnosis shows, but only his twice.  I'll go back again, too.
4	When Marc invited people to come up on stage to be hypnotized, I asked my date if he was going to do it. His answer was a definite, "NO WAY." If he wasn't going to go up, and if I didn't go up, I probably would have been just as skeptical about the "hypnotized" group. But you get the most of your money when you see people who know personally go up and do out of the ordinary acts of craziness. That's where the real entertainment lies. So if he wasn't going to do it, I was. The people who volunteered to get hypnotized were not actors. They were average Joes and Janes just like me who wanted to see what hypnosis was really all about. And despite what some people think, hypnosis not about someone having complete control over your mind and making you unknowingly do things against your will. It's about getting you in such a state of relaxation that you're open to the idea of just about any kind of suggestion because there's no filter in your mind screaming, "It's embarrassing! Don't do it! You'll look like an ass!"I knew exactly what I was doing, and I did have control over what I could and couldn't do. It's not like Marc could really give me a knife and tell me to stab the person next to me and think it would actually work. But if he did tell me to strut my stuff like a Playboy model in front of a large crowd without being hypnotized, I wouldn't do it... or at least, be awkward and hesitant about doing it instead of smooth and collected like I actually was.I felt like the audience was miles away. As far as I was concerned, it was just me, Marc, and the others onstage who were also under. I wasn't worried about the silly, harmless things I was doing or who was judging me until Marc sent me back to my seat at the end of the show and I slowly started coming out of that relaxed state of mind. It was definitely a unique, fascinating experience.A star is missing because the only way you can actually get a five-star experience is if you or someone you know was hypnotized. Otherwise, your money should be put towards a different Vegas show. That, and Marc made me chuckle, but he wasn't particularly ROTFLMAO funny.
3	First, the show could have been a lot shorter...it was a bit long for me especially in the beginning when he repeatedly kept telling everyone the same rules. Also, the 25 "volunteers" was a waste of time. Most of his tricks were not even working on most of the volunteers. The final 8 or so were most likely actors. I did think it was funny though...which is why I think it was all staged. No normal person can be that funny and entertaining. But, the fact that they were actors kind of made it less appealing. If you want to see a cheesy show for some laughs go ahead and see this but don't expect any real magic tricks like Chris Angel or something.
4	I enjoyed the show and found it to be entertaining and laughed heartily throughout.  Marc asks about 35 audience members to volunteer on stage and as the hypnosis process begins, individuals are eliminated. The remaining 10 or so start to do the hilarious antics he tells them too! I can't imagine not being hypnotized and being able to the things he asks and not fall apart in laughter or embarrassment. Between the older women he gets to think he is the hottest guy on earth and the young girl who he convinces he is repulsive, there are many gags and laughs. I asked a fellow who was up on stage about his experience and he said he didn't remember a thing! Real or not... if you want some laughs it's totally worth your money and time.
5	Omg Loved this show!!!  So glad we watched this show!!  We bought our tickets at the tix for tonight and each of us paid $25.  This show was too funny!!  We were laughing so hard.  This show is a must see if want to laugh hard!
4	This is a pretty entertaining show for a decent price. My wife and I both decided to try going up to stage when Marc called for volunteers, neither of us was selected. I do believe that the people selected are genuine and not actors as speculated. My wife felt very relaxed after she was told to leave, and during the process myself I did not feel it when the girl next to me put her head on my shoulder, I just felt a numbness and did not realize until she sat up someone was on me. So I am pretty sure we could have been hypnotized but just required more time then others. As for the show itself, it is fairly entertaining, the majority of the show is pretty safe, in the end the last couple routines were more adult humor. I have been to one of these shows on a cruise ship and it was a lot more adult content which I think made it funnier. This show is not a bad value, you get some good laughs, for a good price.
4	Great for Mindless entertainment! I've been to this show 3 times in the last 6 months. Mostly playing tour guide to my friends in town visiting. The first two times I went, I DIED laughing so hard at what was going on on the stage, convinced that the people were planted. It's a great show to turn your mind off and be entertained and if you check the backs of cab seats, buy the local Vegas book or even check tix4tonight-you can find a pretty sweet deal. That being said, I laughed so hard the first time I saw this show. He had people river dancing, imagining farts, people were convinced other people had BO on the stage-it was a riot. Now I'm an outgoing person, but I would never go up on the stage, just not my thing. But one of the things that added believe ability to the show was they had random audience members come up on the stage, now I was standing in line with lots of the people, and they were a mix of teenagers, college students and even grand parents. These people in line were here in Vegas visiting-definitely not plants.The hypnosis guy had everyone do tests, and eventually weeded the group to about 12-15 on stage, originally starting with about 30. Some people responded better than others to the hypnosis exercise. I loved how he had people river dancing.  All in all, I'd say most of the crowd on stage is legit-if there were any plants-I couldn't tell, and Marc Savard has some real skill doing hypnosis.t Make it a point to see this awesome show-everybody will leave feeling like they've got there money's worth...and watching girls (who think there guys)  being gone down on by guys (who think there girls) is a sight to behold and leaves you in tears-I will definitely hit this up again. ;)
5	Absolutely hilarious! Got these tickets at a bargain ($5) after seeing Nathan Burton Vip ($35 for 2, not bad!). A bit slow when starting, but it's worth it in figuring out who will be the best. There's one part where they hypnotize audience members to believe they are in freezing cold weather. A woman on stage feels so cold that she bundles up in another guy's sweater, putting her head in his hood. Totally awkward but extremely funny.  A bit inappropriate at the end (that's why you don't bring the little ones, or the prudes!), but worth it. Give it a chance!
2	My second visit was rather disappointing.  I thought he would make a few changes in the show but not so.  I went with a group and we all decided that Anthony Cools show is better.
5	This is my favorite comedy show in Vegas! Absolutely hysterical and there is never a dull moment. Even if I were to find out it wasn't real I wouldn't care, the fact remains that it is funny and entertaining. You never get the same show twice and I always leave with a smile on my face. This show is also surprisingly affordable! It's a relatively small theater, so paying for VIP doesn't make too much of a difference however it is nice to have assigned seating. This show is a must see!
4	went to this several months ago on a date.  my date was the one who picked it and at first i was thinking this will probably be stupid, but i was wrong.  from the first moment, marc was funny and entertaining.  he pulled several (and i mean several) people from the audience to participate.  the entire show was based on the participation of the audience members on teh stage.  we were laughing the whole time.I always thought hypnosis was fake, but after seeing this and the way people were acting, i think it may be real, lol.  all in all, it was def a fun show to see!
4	Solid show but definitely not for the faint of heart or if you are easily offended! The show takes about 30 minutes to an hour to get going, but even in the early stages of hypnotizing the guests, it was still fun to watch as the guests fell deep into hypnosis.This is my second time to a  hypnosis show and definitely the most fun. The first time I went was in high school where they couldn't do certain things because many people in the audience were under 18. This one though, holds nothing back! A lot of dirty jokes and crude humor is involved BUT it's hilarious! Marc plays on gender, race, how you look and he caters the performance to whoever he chooses to use.Great show and well worth it!
5	THIS SHOW IS NOT STAGED. If you don't go because you don't like racy jokes, or crude humor, that's fine..but if you don't go because you think its staged then I pity you. I would have never done the things I did on that stage lol Just go. trust me.
5	This was an awesome show!  I purchased my tickets on Marc Savard's website and had front row seats!  If anyone has any questions on if this is real........It is very real!  these were not actors and I was truly entertained.  I told everyone I saw about the show.  I will be back!
5	Loved it, so funny !  Love to do it again, but I wonder if the whole thing was legit.  Even if it wasn't,  loved the show.  Very adult show.
5	I laughed out loud through the whole thing and it takes a lot to make me do that! I was completely blown away and in total shock and awe at Marc Savard's talents. I really enjoyed this from beginning to end. I will definitely see him again. My only regret is I didn't have the courage to go up there and volunteer. I wish I had. But very religious and devout Christians, be warned: you may be offended by some of the material.
5	I've seen the show twice and it was a blast both times. I got on stage the first time, but didn't go deeply enough quickly enough so I got to rejoin the audience and died laughing. The second time my boyfriend actually got picked and made quite the spectacle. Marc really pissed him off when he made his belt into a snake and I teased him relentlessly. Really great show. Starts a little slow (out of necessity), but it is crazy fun. Go see Marc, please!!
5	A MUST!!! Marc is hilarious. Everyone has to be 18+, so it makes it an adult show. First time I could not stop laughing. Second time, I had to get on stage. And I did and me and my wifey was able to be hypnotized! Very fun, a must do. Great for an adults night out!
4	My friends got free VIP tickets to this show because he got chosen to go on stage at the Nathan Burton show. We decided to join thinking it will be $5 because of the ticket deal we got from the Nathan Burton show. We wanted to sit close to our friends so they offered us VIP tickets at $26 per person. It was well worth it. At first, I was kind of bored. It could of been because we had a long day and we were tired. But once he got one of the volunteers to fall in love with him, it escalated pretty quickly to hilarious proportions. We would totally come back to watch it again.
5	This was a great show the the people on stage are definitly real I know this because marc told one of the girls after the show who ever shakes het hand before she exits will give her a 3second orgasm my hubby shook her hand she nearly dropped to her knees with exciment and her boyfriend got all upset and blocked her from everyone lol awesome show hilariously funny adult humor
5	This show is amazing.  We went this past Saturday night. I convinced my friend Kim to get up on stage.  She ended up going under and staying under through the entire show!! Can we say hilarious!  Marc was very personable, funny and outgoing!!  I can't believe the thing my friend did.  For example she would never pretend to do a pole dance in front of me, let alone a group of strangers!!! I wish he would have asked for their stripper names. I would have loved to hear what my friend came up with!! If you have any doubt about hypnosis, go to the show and volunteer!! Marc will make a believer out of you!!
5	Hilarious!  I was laughing the entire show. Next time, I'll volunteer to be hypnotized and maybe I'll be the one to fall in love with him... LOL!
3	Marc was good and the show was good. Bought tickets online for discount. When I called to ask if they had seats available she asked if I wanted to upgrade to VIP for $9.99. She said I would have a better chance at being picked for the on stage performance. WRong!!! Don't ever do this! First off, we were only upgraded to preferred seating which is nothing special. Four rows from the back, and also the audience gets to come down and volunteer from anywhere you sit. Would not go again unless I have free tickets.
5	My husband and I did not have that much expectation to this show. However, we were laughing so hard during the performance. I was a skeptic of hypnosis until I saw this show. Highly recommended! Book it through smartervegas.com to buy it at a discounted price!
5	Probably one of the funniest shows we've seen in Vegas. Bought the tickets through Groupon and saved considerably on the price. The show was a little slow to start as he got the volunteers under hypnosis but once the show started we couldn't stop laughing. I would definitely recommend going.
5	I was super excited to see the show. I wish I didn't see the Youtube videos thouygh because I feel like I ruined the show, BUT seeing people do the silliest things is just plain hilarious.
4	Wow, what a great show!!! I was beyond impressed and entertained!  I saw a Hypnotist once before at a County Fair many years ago but that show was pretty tame compared to this show, which is just what I was hoping for!From the moment it began the show was entertaining.  Even watching as the selected audience members were hypnotized was interesting.  I didn't have the guts to volunteer, though I may in the future, it actually looked like fun!Marc's edgy, sometimes off-color jokes fit-in with the show perfectly and brought lots of laughs.  It was a really fun show and one I'm looking forward to seeing again the next time I'm in Las Vegas! I purchased my tickets at 50% off from Tickets Tonight (basically $20 each) which seemed to be the best deal I could find last-minute.I did subtract one star because the theater which hosts the show, well sucks.  What other reviewers have written about getting the hard-sell to upgrade their tickets is true (my wife and I just had general admission tickets and were happy with the seats we had).  When asked for my E-mail and phone numbers I gave them bogus ones just so I wouldn't have to put-up with endless spam and text messages as one reviewer mentioned.  That's all annoying but the worst part is when you first walk-in the theater it smells like a locker room! I'm not sure why, also there were empty beer bottles left in the row we sat-in which tells me the staff doesn't do much cleaning between shows which is too bad because this awesome show deserves to be in an awesome venue!
5	Every time I go to Vegas this is the first show I book.  This show never gets old!  The people on stage are not actors his show is 100% real.  I have had several of my friends volunteer to go up and get hypnotized (who were non-believers), needless to say.. They now believe!  Great show, great guy!
5	There are currently three hypnosis type shows in Vegas (that I know of).  This is the very best one.This show has very adult themes and strong language.This show is at Planet Hollywood.  I have nothing negative to say about the experience.  The ticket process is quick and they have lots of help to get you thru the line quickly.  The seats are comfortable and there are only a few "bad" seats.  They are on the far right side.Marc is a very funny comic and the hypnosis is amazing.  The best part about the show is he is doing all these acts with volunteers from the audience not staff.  It is truly shocking what he gets them to do.  I am not an expert on hypnosis but it funny how some volunteers are quickly hypnotized and some of them never really are able to do it.  Marc quickly weeds these people out.The show is extremely funny and you will laugh the whole time.  He says that you have more fun at the show if you volunteer to go on stage but I'm a chicken and couldn't do that.https://www.marcsavard.com/showtickets.php
5	Very interesting! Everybody in our group enjoyed this show very much' especially the price. With the ticket of Nathan Burton's show, it only cost $5/person for this show. Very much worth it!
4	Got discounted tickets through the timeshare (Worldmark Tropicana) I stayed at. I didn't get selected to get hypnotized but I'm glad I didn't!  ONLY because I was with my family and parents and the show was very adult! In a good and funny way though. It's worth seeing for sure!
5	My wife and I saw Marc's show last summer. I don't think we have ever laughed so much. We are definitely going to see him again the next time we are in Vegas.
3	Okay show. I'm neither happy nor unhappy that we went. Theater is a tad bit hard to find. General admission for groupon ticket holders. Seats were comfortable though. Marc Savard is funny although I don't believe for a single second in mass hypnosis. I volunteered to go onstage and was one of the people obviously non-hypnotizable, if that's even a word, lol. Hubbie disagrees and thinks maybe, several of the people were definately hypnotized, but I vehemently disagree It is a enjoyable show. Tries to be a bit "adult" themed, but comes off really being corny. If you can get it for a good price, go and see what you think.
4	Marc Savard is extremely entertaining. I really enjoyed this hypnosis show.The two complaints I'll start with are, the beginning is a little bit slow, but it's part of the act. He has to get volunteers on stage and weed out the ones who are not susceptible to hypnosis. It's amazing to watch some folks fall right into a trance within minutes. The other is, with the general admission seats, we were a bit far to the right and it was hard to see the entire stage. If you are not on a budget, do splurge an extra 10-12 bucks for the VIP's.Aside from that, the show is hilarious. Marc really gets the volunteers eating out of the palm of his hand (almost literally). My personal favorites were the strip pole tease, which an out of shape woman in her 50's made the crowd go bonkers with. And the adult film bit at the end with the remaining male contestants. You have to see these for yourself, but I would not bring kids under 16 to this show as there are a lot of adult/sexual themes.Certainly worth a night out in Sin City!
5	Marc is a true professional. You  can tell he takes care of the volunteers on stage and makes sure they are safe at all times. His show itself is hilarious and the best part is that its different every night. Drunk or sober it's a great time!
5	We have seen this show on 3 different occasions and each time it's been great, we leave the auditorium still laughing!!! We always buy a Groupon where you can snag a ticket for about $17. If you're from the Midwest or you've been to the Midwest and you know whoJ Medicine Hat is (RIP) you will appreciate a good comedy hypnosis show. Although as great as Marc Savard's show is, he is no J Medicine Hat. There is no comparison.  Still an awesome show and we will definitely go back!!!
5	Great show!!! My husband won't stop talking about it...
4	A group of 5 friends and I went to the 03/15/14 show. It was recommended to us by the concierge at the Venetian and I'm glad we decided to go. The V theatre is small but I think it works best that way with a show like this. Its funny, entertaining and a good way to spend an hour and 15 minutes. It should be taken into consideration that since there are different people/volunteers for each show, the show itself will be different each time. Even if Marc says and does similar things each person reacts or responds differently (explains some of the negative reviews). Fortunately for my group he was able to keep 11 people on stage and they were each very funny. Everyone in the group enjoyed it. Whether you believe in hypnosis or not I'd definitely recommend this show while in Las Vegas. Great show Marc!
5	We had a great time. We had a long day and were all tired. If we did not have tickets we would have gone to bed (well if we were not in Vegas). Then the show started and we all woke up laughed a lot and were happy we went. Great time for everyone. Highly recommend.
5	This show is hilarious! I was sceptical of course but he did an amazing job convincing everyone. The volunteers are not randomly chosen from the audience, he asks anyone who wants to participate to go up to the stage so if you're suspicious you can just get on the stage. The volunteers in our show were great, the host is really funny, the drink I ordered (watermelon margarita) was delicious.. I highly recommend this show. I got the tickets discounted on Groupon but they were worth the full price.
5	Hilarious!  Marc is professional, charming and has great comedic timing. This is the second time seeing his show and I would absolutely see him again.  You don't need to believe in hypnosis to appreciate how entertaining his show is!!Keep an eye out for great travelzoo and groupon deals. Do not be fooled by the hard sell from V Theater to upgrade to VIP.  The theater is small enough that general admission is perfectly fine!
3	Marc Savard is definitely talented at his trade. The show itself follows a very similar process to all other hypnosis shows - select volunteers and have them do funny things. It's a funny show and worth seeing if you have not see a hypnosis show before. Especially if someone in your group gets selected. They do not allow any video or photography (even non flash), so they can sell you a photo and video at the end. i did buy the photo because it was only $10. Overall, if you have seen a hypnosis show before this one is exactly the same, so i'd see something else, unless you are willing to volunteer to be hypnotised.
5	Great show! it's hilarious! Highly recommend :)
5	My wife and I went during our honeymoon and it was hands down the funniest thing I've seen in Vegas. I must see for adults that like to laugh. It could be best described as reality TV live in-person.
5	This show is piss your pants funny! I've seen it twice and can't wait to go back again. Definitely NOT appropriate for those under 18, but a MUST for those 18+!! I met Marc after the second show and absolutely loved him even more. He's so funny, down to earth.Boys and girls, if you want to volunteer, make sure you have a group with you to enjoy the fun! They won't be let down. I might get the courage to volunteer someday.........
5	This is the best show in Vegas!!!! Marc is awesome-entertaining and highly skilled in Hypnosis, it is amazing what he can get peoole to do! We had the best time, never stopped laughing, and we subscribe and watch his videos he posts from current shows. Will be back every time were in Vegas!
4	I'm not a believer and, for that reason, I assumed I wasn't going to like this show. In fact, I went in almost not wanting to like it. But as we really got going I realized that, although skeptical, I was enjoying myself. A lot.I will say that I assumed all the participants would be staged but as my peers from the audience started piling on to the stage to volunteer, I was convinced that it was (mostly) random, at least in the first round. As he narrowed down the participants I could see where it might be a bit staged, or at least "overacted" by the random subjects. But it was fun nonetheless. Marc doesn't waste any time getting into the show. He's a fast talker but he gets you involved quickly for an evening full of interesting, funny, and, at times, unbelievable "stunts" with his subjects. And, whether this stuff is mostly real or mostly fake it is hilarious. If you run into some free or discounted tickets, I recommend not passing up the opportunity to see the show. And if any of you have first-hand knowledge about whether this is a load of you-know-what or not, I'd love to hear about it!
5	This show is one of the most memorable shows I've seen in Vegas.  I'm writing this review because I'm still thinking about the experience a week later (whereas the other shows we saw I haven't given second thoughts to).  First: to enjoy this show to the max extent, you need to understand the reality of hypnosis.  Read this discussion topic: http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/277lty/have_any_redditors_been_hypnotized_was_it_a_hoax/6000+ comments from real people about experiences with hypnosis.  Also, my brother had told me about a hypnosis show they did at his high school, where his friends and peers he had known for years got selected, which completely eliminated his skepticism.So with that mindset, I fully appreciated what was going on throughout the show and it was not only fascinating, but hilarious and entertaining.  I won't spoil any of the acts but if you go in with an open mind you will have a blast.
4	Went here for my daughters bachelorette party.  Crowd was very small, but Marc worked it none the less.  I have been to hypnotists before, and they are really not my thing.  But, I thought it would be fun for the girls.  We had a few get on stage, and then the bachelorette went under in the audience.  I was pissing myself!  His comedy was adult, but not raunchy.  I was very pleased with the experience.  The draw back-the video they sell was awful.  One of our girls was in the last chair onstage and was never in the shot, which is just a still of the stage the whole time.  Pretty generic, but captured it I suppose.  For the price it's good fun.  Go with a brave group and let loose.
5	One of the best entertainer in Las Vegas , I would and I have seen the show again and again and again ! Lots of laughs
5	My friends and I found this show because we couldn't decide on a show, and the concerts we wanted to see were playing when we left.  It was the best thing that happened to us!  We went online last minute and scored a great deal on the tickets, $25 for VIP tickets.The greatness of the show comes from the volunteers.  You never know what you are going to get.  We laughed the entire time and are still talking about it.Marc did an amazing job!  I highly recommend this show.  It's at the V Theater inside of Planet Hollywood.  Go and enjoy a night of fun and laughter.
5	i dont know for sure if this was staged, but i like to believe it was real. in any case it was hilarious and i laughed so hard the whole time. great show!
5	I was 1 of 8 volunteers chosen to be apart of this show!!!  This is not staged or fake!  Marc Savard is able to make us relax our minds and bodies to fall into hypnosis!  It's so weird and dreamy and although when in sleep mode I could hear everything you are like a puppet and do everything he tells you to do.  It's crazy and fun and I highly recommend watching the show, but more so volunteering and being apart of it!!
4	Funny! Not for a conservative audience. First time I had seen anything like this. I would go back. Great for a group of friends because one of you might end up on stage! One area of caution. Me and my two girlfriends went to check on tickets at the V Theater counter and a woman approached us with a clipboard and tried to sell us VIP tickets to the 'almost sold out' show for $60 each. We were going to pass but then back at our room, I checked online and the VIP tickets were only $25 each. We bought them directly from the Marc Savard web site. Crazy Vegas. So hard to tell who is legit.
5	My friends wanted to see this show, although I wasn't too interested in going. Glad we went...this was the funniest show I've ever seen!! I was laughing the ENTIRE time. I definitely recommend seeing this show if you have time.
1	My fellow yelpers, did I go to the wrong show??? . . .what a waste of money but most importantly my precious time!!! I paid $39 on groupon for two tix and I regret it. This show is a joke. Im not sure why it has 4 in a half stars. He chooses about 30 ppl from the audience to go up on stage and by the end there's only about 12 left. Those who really want to play the part of being "hypnotized" . . . You got chosen if you werent playing around on stage (ie. Laughing, peeking thru one eye, etc) . . .it was just disappointing. . .oh well. . .
4	This show was hilarious! I was laughing so hard that I was tearing. My only complaint was that our free voucher did not say to make reservations, so when we arrived our section was full. We had to pay $16 each to upgrade our seats.
5	I think I was expecting a cornball state fair act, or something on par with a kid's magic show. What I experienced was a well put together and incredibly entertaining hour that had me laughing to tears. Marc is funny and all, but the participants from the audience are what makes this show so hilarious.I highly recommend this show, however, there is some adult content, so no one under 18, please.
