5	BK the owner and Sushi chef is fabulous. Great place. Definitely worth stopping in to try.
4	Went with a groupon in hand but have been here before The prices are a tad higher than others, I don't think $4 for an Lipton Iced tea or a watered down Green tea are worth it, so got a Kirin. The place has a limited dinner menu, sushi is mostly ordered. I had the battered shrimp and calamari and it was great. My hubby asks every Japanese restaurant we go in if they have this item with an egg and beef over rice, he used to eat years ago in Japan and they didn't make it.  Anyone know what dish I'm speaking of?
4	Very good selection of sushi rolls to fit just about every taste. Very friendly and low-key. We will definitely be back!
4	We travel to Fountain Hills frequently throughout the year and happened to stumble across Katana while on the quest to explore and support more of the local businesses in town. Were we ever happy to discover this tucked away gem!  Their extensive and creative sushi menu will please even the pickiest of fish eaters while also providing adequate options for non-sushi-lovers. I sampled some of their beef udon on our last visit and I have been craving it ever since. The staff is always friendly and even remembered us on only our second visit. Katana is definitely now on our 'must-visit' list every time we're in town.
5	Katana has typical Japanese hospitality and excellent service.  I felt as I was part of the family with the type of service we received.  In addition, there were a wide array of interesting rolls.  I forgot the exact name of the roll, but it was a spicy crab roll with avocado and a tangy type sauce.  It tasted absolutely perfect with the right balance of spice and tangy/sweet flavors.  This location is very close to the actual large fountain in Fountain Hills.  Next time I take some visitors on a tour, I will definitely make a stop at Katana!
5	We recently discovered this wonderful sushi restaurant! We are new to sushi and the staff there is so helpful teaching us all about sushi. What an absolutely awesome place this is! Will be going back a LOT in the future!
3	Meh. Waaaaay overpriced, sushi is decent, but not for the price. The casino has better quality sushi! Gyoza is pretty darn good, however.
5	Good service, good food as always !! Very cozy & relaxing atmosphere
4	Surprised to have a good sushi place like this in Fountain Hills.  Can get expensive, but eat in or take out is always great.  Fun to mingle with the chef while making the sushi.
2	We stopped off for dinner to find the restaurant busy. There were at least  4 groups totaling 12 people and 1 waitress and 1 sushi chef. It seems each time we go there, there is a different server. She just didn't know the menu or how to check on her customers. Several times, the chef had to come over and wait on his patrons. He actually took our order.We were served green salad with too much dressing for the amount of salad we had. The soup was luke warm. Our sever disappeared for a while. Good thing the Olympics was on to help pass the time.My wife ordered the Tempura dinner and a dragon roll and I had the Chirashi with Seaweed salad. The Tempura was quite good but the problem was that it was brought out first and by the time I received my food, she had finished hers. Some of my fish in my Chirashi was butchered and sushi rice was not soft and fluffy.The Dragon roll was good, but could have been much larger. Most sushi houses give you a nice FAT roll.
2	First time was not great, Tried again and definitely nothings changed. Hard rice/ small rolls/crap happy hour. The best is Shaggy preparing the sushi. WTF, Really a young white dude?  The two stars is for the waitress who was by herself and obviously trying. Meh, I'm gonna skip and head to Stingray or Toyama.
1	$6 for a 12oz bottle of Perrier, no lunch specials, and a $22 tab for a Cali roll, Philly roll and the water...the staff was friendly, but it was definitely overpriced. If you're going to charge someone that much for water, let them know first.
5	Many complain about prices...but think about it....it is the desert...and you get what you pay for.  The food is excellent, creative and is some of the best sushi I have had in any city.  The complainers should just go to Denny's and get an early bird meal.  Those who appreciate good sushi and a small quite spot will love this!   It is relaxing...don't expect a quick grab and go meal.
5	One of the best sushi places I have found!  Very fresh, good service and a nice smaller atmosphere. The owner really takes pride in his business and it shows!
1	Again, it really does pain me to give low stars but my experience there was quite terrible.NOTE: I tried Katana several times in 2010 (when I first moved here) and wanted to see if they were new-and-improved in 2013. For me, they've gotten worse.I was craving sushi one night so I called for take-out of salmon sashimi, Philly roll and Rainbow roll. The girl who took my order (Brittany) said it would be ready in 25 min. Okay - great! See you then!I gave them 30 minutes (just in case they were slammed). Showed up and Brittany seemed a little flustered and kept apologizing that my order wasn't ready and made a quick phone call. Okayyy. Mind you - no one is sitting in the dining area. No one.After 5 or 10 min, a couple of patrons came in and were seated. Still not ready.More time elapsed and the sushi chef (don't know his name) came through the main entrance w/a box of food. Thought I caught a glimpse of cucumber and perhaps other veggies. More time elapsed.Chef apologized to me and said "5 more minutes" - I nodded and smiled. Finally order came out (WAYYYY over-priced too).After about an hour wait (total), the sushi was quite disgusting - I must say. Way too salty and it just tasted "warm" in some wierd way. Salmon sashimi was pretty decent - good cuts and okay quality. That was the only thing I finished.Will not be returning here in the near future - but, I still have hopes for this place to turn itself around.
1	It actually stings a little writing a bad review for Katana as this once was one of my favorite sushi places. 1) no happy hour on Fridays.2) no service, there is one guy in the back washing dishes and the sushi chef. I have been here on multiple occasions and last night was the last.  Each time the service got worse and worse, the last time I ate here we were there for three hours, the first thing we ordered came out last!  Last night the restaraunt was busy, we were seated and stated we would like to order some drinks.  The sushi chef walked away.  Needless to say we left after that.  The sushi is good, poki tuna and the Katana roll are my favorites on the menu but it's definitely not worth the wait.  If you do end up eating here be prepared to stay for a few hours.
1	Loves, I'm the sushi chef at home and I make fresher, and tastier sushi than a restaurant up the road from me. The sushi rice was tough and hard, not steamy and fresh out of the rice cooker... like it was just sitting there for hours y'know. The fish did not taste fresh to me, and I always make my sushi fresh at home. My step-father even looked up at me as we where eating and said... "I'm spoiled at home... really I am." I laughed but silently agreed with him. The Price: Ridiculous. Period. Who wants to pay $65 for sushi that tastes bad when I could have made the same amount for around $10 and it taste terrific. Never again. The only thing I like about the place is the amazing waiter... she's friendly and does so much work that I really appreciate her.  You go girl!
1	I order over the phone tuna tataki 3hand roll and asked if 2california 1spicy tuna and tempura vegetable it took over 40 min wen my husband picked it up I couldn't believe the hand rolls were the size of a felt pen and the paper sea weed crumble in my hand .He had charge us 47.00 so I call and told him he said he would correct and give us back like 15.00 that he charge to much so another half hour later we get back the 3 rolls the only one that was right was tuna the other two I don't know no California hand roll the last 3time I Was there it was again over price and did not get for my money ,I'm done going there.not worth it.
5	Just met John the new owner of Katana Sushi & Grill here in Fountain Hills (next to Starbucks on Palisades & Avenue of the Fountains). I had a fresh and generous Lunch combo. Check it out. Yum!!
5	best sushi I ever had. love this place!!!! the Oktoberfest is to die for. new owners kept it on the menu and I couldn't be happier!!! prices are good and who would have thought sushi in fountain hills. well I'm one happy customer
4	My coworkers and I just went here today for lunch. We work on E. Avenue of the Fountains so it was super close. We went at noon and the place was empty. It was sort of a bad sign, especially given the previous reviews, but we've been meaning to try this place out for a while. The waiter was very nice and attentive. The water is pretty gross tap water but the food was really great. It definitely exceeded my expectations. They have really good deals - Two of us did the buy 2 regular rolls for $9, which is a great price. The Vegas roll is even listed as a regular roll, instead of a specialty, which is great. Our other coworker did the lunch teriyaki chicken bowl which was $7, also a decent price. I got the Vegas roll and the spicy tuna and both were amazing. My friend got a regular salmon roll and an eel roll, which both tasted fresh and delicious. We also ordered eggrolls to start, which had good flavor but were steaming hot (which is good - they were obviously fresh) but they were quite oily and when you bit into them the piping hot oil keep coming out of the bottom and burning my hand. I probably wouldn't order those again, but the sushi was amazing. Their list of specialty rolls (about 2 double-sided pages!) looked great - I'll definitely have to try one of those next time.Overall, service was great (but if they do get busy I'm sure it would go down if they still only had one server). The water isn't great and the egg rolls were rather oily but the sushi is worth going for! Prices aren't bad at all for good-quality sushi. You don't even have to wait for a happy hour since these deals are available all day. We will definitely be returning!
3	This is my second time trying (and reviewing) Katana. Since under new ownership, I thought I'd give it another try. I really should have given it 2.5 stars, but since the wait staff was so nice, they get a 3. I really, really wanted to give this local restaurant a great review.My friend and I ordered Sake off the bat. We both took a big sip-- of heated VINEGAR! Whether it was sake that had turned, or if the apologetic waiter had poured from the wrong bottle, I'll never know... But it literally started the meal on a sour note. I had 3 rolls-- the Philly, Tuna and the Hot lover. The Hot Lover roll was the only one that was memorable, because it contained jalapeno... But even that one was just meh. The rolls weren't all that flavorful.Will I go back? Yes- but only because it's the only sushi restaurant in Fountain Hills. But I won't take any out of town visitors here.
4	Amazing sushi and fire cracker appetizer. Reasonably priced. You'll leave extremely full and happy. Portion sizes are great. Loved it. However since their regular chef left for another place food quality has changed.
5	I've been coming here for years when I lived in FH and now when I visit my parents. The previous owners were great, it quickly became our favorite sushi place in town and nearby scottsdale. With the new owners, I'd like to say wow. The fish is so fresh. The previous owners had good fish but this is superb. We rank this probably one of the best sushi restaurants in the valley. We prefer to do the sushi combo because the chef picks the most fresh fish and it's amazing every time. This is now a must go when I visit my parents.
5	I tried Katana for lunch one day.  I was so impressed, I went back for lunch the very next day. Thank you for the delicious food and friendly atmosphere.
5	Great sushi!!  Real friendly staff especially Michelle. Everythings clean. I would go out of my way again to come here.
3	The fish is all farm raised & the crabmeat imitation. They do not buy or use anything wild caught.. I have never known a sushi restaurant besides this one who does not use fresh wild caught fish.  The seaweed saladis overpriced for the amount you get but it sure is good.. the veggies rolls, avocado rolls are are very tasty. I tried the jalapenobomb and it was good & not very hot.  The stools are small & hard. The lunch specials are nothing to write home about.  If you are craving sushi & live in town a decent place to go but I would not drive up from Scottsdale or Mesa to go here, there are so nsny other great sushi places. JOHN the waiter was very helpful
5	We are nearly regulars now and love the food and service every time. Highly recommend everyone give Katana a try, they really do a nice job.
4	Fountain Hills is a tough market for restaurants. Just barely enough of a population to make a go at it (especially in the summer). Choices for dining out are limited unless you really like pizza and burgers. I have been a customer of Katana (old owner) for a number of years, and while I did have some decent meals there, it was nothing spectacular. I just visited Katana for the 2nd time since under new ownership (ownership change in Jan 2014), and the meal was very good. The fish was fresh (not sure if farm raised or wild caught). I ordered four various rolls to go (Katana, Garlic Tuna, Lemon Salmon, and one more) and the Tuna Tataki salad. Total wait time was 15 minutes. Total came to about $60. I was happy to see the place about 50% full. Last thing you want to see is a sushi restaurant in the middle of the desert with no customers... makes you think about how old the fish is that you are eating for sure!. I will be a customer again here.
