4	This is the best Mexican Food joint in West Phoenix. They have great customer service, and are great to call in an order. It's not a place to sit in and eat w/the family, but a nice take-home place. I usually order the chicken chimi. Great alternative to the chain restaurants.
5	I've been coming to this Ramiro's since the late 90's. I have always had a great experience when it comes to the food, always so fresh tasing!! The staff is always friendly and smiling and their menudo on the weekends is definitely some of the best around. You can really taste the love and care that goes in to all of the food here.
4	Their chorizo burritos are delicious, and the tortillas are brought in from a local bakery. The carne asada fries are good, but Poliberto's in Glendale wins on the fries. I like the rolled tacos here as well... They are rolled small so they aren't filling up with a ton of oil when being fried. I've always had good service here, and we are here often.  Yes- it's a little run down...but it's clean.
5	Love this place they are friendly and the food is awesome I'm a regular. Never been sick.
2	I just moved to the area and had high hopes for this place. I ordered carne adada tacos and cheese enchiladas. The tacos were ok, but there was nothing special about them, and definitely not worth the price. The enchiladas were the real disappointment. The cheese was barely melted and the sauce tasted store bought. It is sad to say that I have had better enchiladas from the frozen food aisle.
4	This place is not bad, at least it is way better than Federico's and to a certain extent filibertos. The chorizo burrito is great just has a little too much tortilla for the amount of filling you get. The chile relleno plate was also pretty good, you get one more chile relleno than I am used to getting in texas. The only problem was that the plate was covered in lettus, so much lettus I had a hard time finding the chiles. I was also not happy with the prices, a little high for a fast food mexican place, it might just be the Arizona economy changed since the 5 years I've been gone. Other than that, it's a pretty good little mexican place plus it's only half a mile from my home so I got that going for me.
5	Great customer service !!!! The lady that works here is such a sweetheart !!!! Muy amable Ella.... I had a adobada burrito it was  good! They serve aloot of food... Big meal !!! Good taste!!!!
3	I had the Torta, it was decent, there was not a lot of meat on it.  If I come back I won't order the Torta again
4	First time to the place & it is an Awesome place for breakfast.  We ordered machca & eggs.  The corn tortillas were soft & warm, the rice was a little dry, the beans were flavorful & the machaca was full of veggies, beef & flavor. It wasn't soggy or greasy & the veggies were cooked just right.  Only giving 4 stars since this is our first visit but we will certainly be back.
5	Without a doubt... this place serves up THE BEST breakfast burritos in the entire US. It's the tortilla... the tortilla is just perfect.
1	I love mexican food and was craving rolled tacos with guacamole and chicken chimichanga. I decided to go try Ramiros. I was very unsatisfied with the food. There was no taste  to the food at all. The guacamole tasted watery and bland. When i cut the chimichanga open the chicken was cold and no season or salsa on it at all. very disappointed in the quality of the food. The salsa in the cups were all one piece n chunky not liquid at all. great customer service but food was bland.
