4	Aside from taking away all ethnic businesses within a 20 mile radius... me gusta mucho.
3	If everyone in the world only did what was in their best interest at any given time, without giving any thought whatsoever to the effect on those around them, the whole world would be like Walmart.  The whole world would be full of crying babies, ogling pervs, and people who smell like they just finished fertilizing their lawn. It's seriously as if real world rules don't apply here. Oh, you just finished covering your lawn with horse manure? Nah, don't shower, it's only Walmart! Oh your kid has been screaming at the top of his lungs for 15 minutes now? Who cares, it's just Walmart!I personally can only handle a Walmart trip once every couple of months. But when I go, I bring the douche! I have loud personal conversations on my cell phone, I give people dirty looks, I once punched an old woman in the neck just for the hell of it.  Okay, that last part was made up, but if that ever did happen, I'm sure nobody would bat an eye. It's just Walmart.It's actually kind of fun to pretend-stop caring about things like "manners" and "kindness" and "common human decency". It's pretty liberating not having to worry about being polite, because you know nobody else is. The only people I bother being courteous to are the employees, because they have to deal with all the other assholes. And I have a feeling the other assholes aren't pretending.They have good prices. I don't grocery shop here, but I'll stop in for paper towels or TP every once in a while. They have a McDonalds in the store which I like. I wish Target would get on that and stop with their silly pretzel and popcorn stand. I'm not really tuned into the whole business ethics issues with them, so I won't get into that.Basically, if you like cheap TP and letting out your inner douche (and we all have an inner douche), Walmart is the place to go. Just hold your nose when manure dude passes by.
1	Wal-Mart is bad but this one is horrible, it reminds me why I spend a little more to avoid experience like the one I had here. First they have no wheelchairs for handicap customers, 2 spots for them to park in. Then the store is a mess you can barely move through the aisles. When you finally make it to checkout expect to wait another 20 minutes and when you reach the front of the line expect it to be closed be for the check you out. Finally the service is horrible the employees think talj to each other is more important than their jobs.
4	Every Time I get something from where they cook food, the place is always clean and fresh food is always out. There's a lady by the name of Silvia that is incredibly nice, & keeps the spot extremely clean.
