5	I used Creations in Cuisine to cater for my wedding reception and the food was fantastic, it was a few years ago but I can still remember the awesome ravioli dish we had and the chicken dish was very flavorful.  I also love their shrimp cocktail, the cocktail sauce had a nice kick to it.  I also went to a Christmas party that they catered and they had prime rib & some of the best mash potatoes I have ever had.  The owners are also very nice and sat with us and took their time to help us choose our dish items, their location is nice with a great display everything and you can see their whole operation.  They also have all the rental stuff for a complete dining experience.  I always recommend them and rave about how their head Chef was a 5 star from the Boulders Resort!
5	We recently had an event and this company did the catering. Working with them was so easy. We worked with Tony Rea (one of the owners). He is so easy-going!  The food was great and the service was just as great. The servers were amazing.  Everything was set up as planned and they even decorated the serving area to blend in with our party theme. They handled all the linens.  Everything was homemade and fresh.  The cake rocked too! For professionalism and top-quality, I would call this company! Flawless!
5	We had Creations in Cuisine cater our party. When they brought the food over and set up the display table it was beautiful, the food presentation was perfect. All of our guests loved the food, it was delicious. We had a smoked  salmon plate and other appetizers, assorted salads and then also petite fillets and a chicken dish, OMG it all was wonderful. The staff that helped us were very friendly and attentive. I will always have Tony cater for all my parties. The Best Caterer in the Valley, hands down!!! (very professional)
5	We used Tony and Creations in Cuisine to cater our son's bar mitzvah. I could not be more impressed.  From start to finish Tony and his crew were simply the best.  They worked very hard with us to pick a fantastic menu within our budget.  They helped out with many extra perks such as helping with the bar.  They had great ideas to make our event special and affordable.  We had a theme for the party and they came through big time with helping to decorate their end of the presentation (the food) to the theme.  Wow!  Best part... the food.  It was so tasty and so ample.  All our guests raved.  I would not even consider any other caterer.  Tony is my caterer.  Thanks.
5	This was our second time around using Tony and crew. We had an amazing experience both times around. The complete package! They can provide everything you're looking for: on time, friendly and some of the best food going. It's a real challenge to create a great meal for a large group. it's an even bigger challenge to pull it off and have it be so good that you feel it was created just for you. These guys can do it all. Can't recommend them enough.
5	I recently attended business meeting in Downtown Phoenix and apparently these guys were the ones behind the amazing food I ate. Maybe it was the fact that it was free (that always seems to skew my opinion of food) but it tasted like someone paid a bunch of money for it. I had some hella tasty beef empanadas which had a nice chipotle flavor to it. I was also served some chicken in a tortilla that was oozing with what I think was pepper jack cheese. Everything also had great sauces to go with the food. My business is not big enough yet to cater meals for meetings but when that day will come I think these guys will be one of the first I'll call. PS - If you can make a twitter feed where I can crash some more of your catered events and get more of those empanadas that would be great.
1	Creations in Cuisine catered my wedding in September.  We had a burger bar set up. The burgers were under cooked, there were no vegan options as we requested, and they ran out of food for our guest. Simply put, we were not satisfied.
5	We used Creations in Cuisine for our Wedding in November and they were a total hit.  Professional, attentive, organized, easy to work with and customer focused are just some of what comes to mind when I think of Tony and his WONDERFUL staff.  And, how could I forget the food?! People have been raving about the quality and flavor of the food since the wedding- and I had some hard to please guests.  We had a beef, fish and pasta dish and all were excellent.  What's even better is they got the small things right- from the "captain" (think head waitress) introducing herself to me and making sure that if I had any problems or concerns that she would take care of them to working with us on all our special requests to making sure that my dog (who yes, was in attendance) had food and water.  We supplied all of our own alcohol, and the Creations and Cuisine team served it- including a signature cocktail. Amazing!  Oh, and how can I forget Tony working within our budget.  Friggen awesome.  Here's an example- beef dishes are expensive; more than we wanted to spend, but we really wanted that option.  So Tony used some creative thinking and designed a plate that featured 2-3oz fillets instead of one 6oz fillet, which saved us a ton of money- not to mention the presentation was gorgeous!From start to finish working with Tony and his team was an absolute pleasure.  If you're planning an event, look no further and just hire Creations in Cuisine.  I promise you'll be glad that you did.
5	I worked with Creations in Cuisine for a small (about 20 people) event my work was putting on for our Board of Directors.I worked mostly with Frank Vara, the co-owner, who I found to be VERY patient and willing to work with me. I think we changed our menu selections about 3829028 times! Frank sent me their standard menus, but also worked with me to create unique choices based on what we were looking for. He was always very prompt and sent me updated invoices and menus. I thought I was being incredibly annoying but I'm sure I had nothing on some of the Bridezillas they probably work with.They arrived for set-up exactly on time and put together a beautiful display. One of the chefs called me a few days before and got some specifics on our event so she could plan on how to arrange the food and put together some decorations for the food tables. It was beautiful and festive (without being specifically "Christmas" or "holiday" which is what we wanted) and the food was AMAZING. Our plan was to have several options of appetizers that people could make a meal out of if they wanted to. No one wants to leave an evening event hungry, right? Well, I'm pretty sure we succeeded. Protip: Opt for their antipasto tray and inquire about the stuffed shells. The staff member was diligent about clearing empty plates and packaged up all the leftovers for us. He also took care of the trash and cleaned up everything. I thought their prices were EXTREMELY reasonable (including delivery fee, gratuity, etc.) and after hearing rave reviews on the food from both staff and board members alike, I will be passing keeping Creations in Cuisine in my contacts for future planning.
5	We used Creations In Cuisine Catering for a Christmas/Holiday party for our work.  They were spectacular.  The food was amazing, the setup, the employees, everything was immaculate.  I didn't hear one bad thing about them from anyone at the party.  Actually, most of our employees wanted their name so they could use or refer them in the future.  The quality of food was unsurpassed.  The appetizers and dinner were out of this world.  The staff and chefs were amazing.  They were so nice, helpful and attentive.  I would highly recommend if you are looking for a caterer in the Phoenix area that you give them a call.  We were not disappointed and will definitely be calling them again in the future.
5	Creations in Cuisine catered a company, outdoor (yet dressy) holiday party I attended.  It was absolutely wonderful.  The service was impeccable and the food was amazing - good quality, healthy portion and tasted fabulous.  Everyone was raving.  I would recommend them and when I have an event to cater I will definitely be calling them.
5	Thank you Creations In Cuisine for adding to my dream wedding! We did a fajita buffet with amazing appetizers to match and everything was SO delicious!!!!! My guests couldn't stop raving about how this was the best wedding food they had ever tasted. Me and my husband were completely was blown away by all the flavors! Our guests had more than enough to eat and we left with leftovers even! We also hired Tara Gray as our coordinator and she was our breath of fresh air. I HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend investing into her services. She is super professional, insanely organized and flat out amazing at what she does. Without her...we would have never been able to have our dream wedding. From set up to tear down she made sure everything ran smoothly so we wouldn't have to stress. It is SUCH an amazing feeling being able to walk into your wedding without a care in the world. She was worth every dime we invested into her services and truly deserved more than what we paid. Thank you Tara and Creations in Cuisine!!!!!!!!!!!!
