2	Perfectly adequate as a gas and convenience store frequented by neighborhood commuters and students from the nearby high school.  It's a little dirty, and they recently removed those neat advertising TVs from the pumps, so pumping gas is less entertaining here than it used to be.but here's the thing....Pump N Munch is a *superbly clever* name for a gas station / convenience store!  Bravo on that, if it's their own, novel idea.(shmoogle shows another store in Lansing, Michigan with that same name -- since i'm too lazy to investigate further, it becomes a chicken and egg paradox, as to who had it first or whether they're related in any way)However, having the slogan on your employees' tshirts be such a stolen and uninspired piece of drivel as "What Happens at Pump N Much Stays at Pump N Munch" is simply inexcusable.  C'mon, that's the best you could do?It might as well say "Got Gas?" on the other side.  (I bet if they see this, they'll say, "Great idea!" and print those tshirts up, pronto)Hmmm, the one in Lansing, MI is even called "Dick's Pump & Munch", so I'm going to have to give them the benefit of the doubt.I'm not even sure I could do any better, but let's try:::::::I don't know, maybe, "Pump N Munch - Satisfying ALL Your Cravings""Your Neighborhood *Service* Station winkwink"Or how about something like, "in a recent customer poll, most men prefer to Munch, then Pump, while most women prefer no Pumping at all"Addendum _This place charges a premium price to buy gas on credit or even your debit card.  This is sadly more common lately, but at least at the Valero's they waive the extra fee if you use their own gas station charge card.  Even using a Shell card, PnM doesn't give you the cash discount.  Big Fail since that means I'll not be buying gas here unless it's some dire emergency.Here's one, "Pump N Munch - Getting Our Dirty Hands in Your Pockets Since 1996"8^ {
5	This is an Arizona-based and family-owned gas station and convenience store. Support Arizona businesses! Say hello to Sam, the owner. Also, their Eat This! deli is surprisingly good and affordable. Try the Greek salad and gangster fries.
3	Pump-N-Munch...... need I say more...... I gave it an extra star just for the name. It's a bit seedy but I can't help stopping in, just to check in at the Pump-N-Munch. I may not be a regular but damn it, long live the Pump-N-Munch!!!!!!!!
