1	BIG KIa on Bell Road is a  TOTAL RIP-Off! Once you enter their premises you are attracted by all the outrageously low monthly posted on all their Kia and Hyundai vehicles. Then ,over-friendly salesmen scramble to sweet-talk you in buying it NOW. the usual low-interest rates , a mere 500 dollar down and all the hype about them assuring you 100 percent that bad credit/no credit would pose no problem and that once you sign up you get the key to your dream vehicle.which i did. and almost 30 days after i got a call from them saying there are some documents i needed to sign which they just overlooked. Lo and Behold when i got there they rudely demanded i pony up another 1500 dollars on top of my 500 dollars because my credit wasnt good enough. i countered with an additional 500 cash and they said they will get back to me after deliberating with the other members of their company. They came back and instead of acceding to my counter, they put on more demands. They now demanded i get a co-signor or else "you can just take a cab" and go home as long as we leave the keys with them.I demanded that they put down their demand in writing so that everything is recorded in black and white, They refused to do so and again said in the most rudest of decorum that they would do us a favor by taking us home because there is no way we can leave the lot without either getting a co-signor or returning the key.  I asked if I could get my 500 back and they said yes but they would have to deduct a "sizeable" amount for my using their vehicle and i would get a trickle of my 500 dollar cash back ,if at all.   I had to accede to their demand because i did load the vehicle with close to 1500 dollars of accessories like GPS, body-enhancement kits and the like and wanted to avoid the embarassment and humiliation.So in the end i was able to get a co-signor and later on i found out that they intended to put additional charges to the original contract, probably sensing that my co-signor is financially "loaded."I am examining my legal options. This has caused me great aggravation .   Other prospective car buyers, BEWARE!The dealership is a total Let-Down! A Total Joke! Rip-Off Artists of the Highest Calibre.They are just to make a quick buck. They instantaneously give away the key to your desired vehicle because they know that they can earn fat commissions if your credit goes through .And if your credit isnt in the best of shape they know they can always threaten you to get a co-signor or charge you outrageous  through-the-roof car-rental rates .Once you sign the contract all signs of friendliness disppear and you are left to your own devices. The salesman i talked to admitted that his job is to "sales-talk" and that is what he is being paid to do which means he will stop at nothing and say all those sweet-sounding lies and half-truths til you get bamboozled into signing. After that everything goes downhill. A bunch of good-for-nothing scam artists!
1	I did not have a good experience at Big Bell Kia.  They could not locate the vehicle I wanted locally, nor could they get a VIN number for the vehicle I wanted out of state.  I did not need the actual vehicle right away, but I did need to complete the transaction right away, to ensure that I could use the Cash for Clunkers program.I was in the dealership for 4 hours on 7/26/09 working with Nate, the salesperson, and JJ the finance guy.  To be totally fair, I did test drive three models of vehicles, so take that into consideration to the time frame.Interestingly, Big Bell Kia (Which is rather small actually) initially told me that I should hurry up and buy the car because the Cash for Clunkers would end in a matter of days.  Later when they could not find the car I wanted, they changed their statement to I had "plenty of time."   I really didn't appreciate the attempted manipulation.Big Bell Kia said that they could get the car at the Tucson Desert Kia dealership, but the dealer wouldn't call them back with the VIN.  I managed to get in touch with this dealer and was told that they did not have this vehicle. I did manage to find 2 of the specific make, model and color in the Phoenix Metro, which leads me to believe that Big Bell Kia was either being intentionally deceptive, or completely incompetent.When I went back into Big Bell Kia to get my deposit back, I was made to wait 30 minutes while the sales people had a pow-wow in someones office.  I watched the entire thing.  I don't know what they were talking about, but it takes one minute to run a credit card.Then I was accosted by the owner.  She started out saying that she was "disappointed that they didn't get my business, and what could they do to earn it back."  I said have the car in the parking lot, or have a VIN to complete the transaction.After that the owner got REALLY NASTY.  I told her that the matter was closed and I was done with the discussion, she kept being nasty, and I had to walk away.The cherry on the crap Sundae of Big Bell Kia was when Nate, the salesman I worked with (who was initially quite pleasant and easy to work with) called me the next morning 7/28/09 and was equally hostile with me.  Nate said that he spent the day driving to get my car.  I know this is not true for a fact, because Nate told me yesterday 7/27/09, that he was still trying to locate my car.  at 2:00 PM yesterday 7/27/09, when I called him, he was still in the office.  When he called me 7/28/09 he then claimed that he missed spending a day with his kids because of me.  I told him on 7/26/09 that it was not necessary to skip a day with his kids, just to locate my vehicle, get the VIN, and complete the sale.I actually told him to spend the day with his kids, and not to worry about getting the car to Phoenix, but just to get the VIN number so that the sale could be complete.  I told him that I was willing to wait a few days for the car, if my clunker was processed.I bought the car at a different dealership, for $500 less than Big Bell Kia and in just over two hours.Take this and all other reviews with a grain of salt, there are three sides to every story, but this was my experience and I would not recommend Big Bell Kia due to the inappropriate nature of the owner and employees.
5	For some years now I have been buying cars from Big Bell Road Kia and finally today I do what I should have done long ago. I want to say thanks to the Service Department and all the folks at the dealership. The service director really went the extra mile to correct a problem with my Kia. I had shopped around my issue and heard a dozen different fixes and costs to repair the transmission problem which one independent garage assured me was a particular part - that was no longer covered by warranty. Well the part in question was fine and the part that proved bad was covered by warranty. The last car we purchased here required us to roll over a loan into the new vehicle cost, Big Bell Road Kia worked with us then making us happy and again this week they exceeded my expectations. We are looking forward to buying a Kia Soul with them in the future.
1	I went to Big Bell Kia on 3/18/11 because I saw an internet advertisement for a good deal on a Sedona minivan. The picture on the advertisement just showed a generic picture; not the specific van that I wanted. Oh well. I got there and spoke with Bait-and-switch artist/car-salesman Tony Sol. He tried to sell me a bunch of different minivans without first checking if this one was still there. Then he checked around and found the "someone else had taken it home to see if they wanted to buy it." Then they dug out a handful more minivans that weren't nearly as good a deal as the one on the internet, so I left and Tony told me to call the next day to see if it was back yet.I called the next day and talked to a random guy at the dealer who "verified" that it was still there. I called the day after that and asked Tony specifically if the vehicle was there and again it was confirmed that the vehicle was on the lot. I showed up about two hours later and Tony was busy so I went to go look for it while I waited. It wasn't anywhere to be found. When Tony finally was available we walked around and still couldn't find it. Tony suggested that it was in the service shop, which was closed on Sunday, and apparently nobody in the entire building had a key to the service shop, (which is probably a huge fire hazard, by the way.)I called back the next day and Tony keeps swearing that he'd seen it on the lot on Saturday, but still there's no sign of the vehicle.Salesman Tony Sol and his dealership are apparently a team of bait-and-switch con artists. Steer clear.
5	Little hassle, very honest, in/out in less than 3 hrs even after test-driving 2 vehicles.  Went back 10 days later to talk to them about getting the same deal for my sister-in-law.  Did an even better deal in less than an hour.  They even drove the car to Tempe, had her sign the papers on her lunch break, and that was that.  I highly recommend talking to Joe Vassias.
1	Changed hands from Big Bell Road Kia to Earnhardt Kia from a Friday to a Monday with no warning. All new staff and no records from the previous owners. Had an appointment to take our new car in on the 23rd of August for some problems that Big Bell Road Kia had agreed to fix. Service had no record of our appointment, nor what was to be fixed, after some discourse they said they would take care of us, parts would be ordered, things would be scheduled and we would get a call. Two and a half weeks later and nothing has been done and the Manager is claiming they no nothing about it, and it was like we were never there on the 23rd. I am sure we are not the only people in this situation over the transition with this dealership. Now we are left with a messed up new car and no way to get it fixed, unless we go somewhere else and pay out of pocket.
