1	Sucks! Seriously they take cc thru the drive thru but not inside! Wth!!! There is absolutely no logic in that so after I ordered and tried to pay I was refused (even though I go thru the drive thru all the time! So I pointed out there was no signs anywhere saying that and they still refused. So I took my crew down to the one on boulder highway (where we ordered the same thing and it was cheaper) and paid inside with a card!
4	I know, really, I'm writing a review of McDonald's? Well, there is a good reason. I always pass this McDonald's when I work at a convention on the strip. It's just on my way. I do not eat a whole lot of McDonald's, but sometimes those Golden Arches just call to you.Usually when I am on my way to work it is early morning and I have just run out of the door and I haven't eaten anything. I tend to swing through this McDonald's through the drive-thru. Usually I just get a coffee (I do have an affinity for their coffee btw), but sometimes I get the breakfast burritos. I won't lie, I'm addicted to these things. Um, I'm not even sure what is really in them, but I really don't care.Anyway, my experience with their drive-thru staff is always awesome. When it is early in the morning and the McDonald's employees are still being really nice and happy I think that is a good thing. So props to this Mickey D's, you've earned my admiration even if you are a fast food establishment!
2	This location is consistent with being inconsistent.I frequent this location because it is close to my house. ONLY REASON.I pretty much order the same thing every time:4 piece chicken nugget happy meal, ranch for my dip, for a boy and a apple juice. Absolutely nothing special.Yet, every time they forget something. One day it is the fries, next it will be his toy, some days it is the sliced apples. So I have to make sure I check my order every time before I leave the drive thru window.And the inside is always dirty. Always.
3	This location has always been a bit seedy. I guess they have problems with the homeless trashing their bathrooms because they make you ask to use tge bathroom & then buzz you in which is extremely inconvenient when you have toddlers who can open the door from the inside. The service was friendly enough, but the guy didnt have change, and though i ordered (and paid for) extra ranch, it didnt come with my meal. The kids area has been recently renovated. I cant say its an improvement. They took away the toddler slide area to add more seating. They didnt add that much more seating, and i miss the toddler slide for my kids. This location is also homeless central. There are always three or four ppl begging on the corner, and often asking for change when you walk in or out. While I dont mind giving to those less fortunate than myself, i dont like being accosted by an army of them like a zombie apocalypse. Three stars. Would be less except the play area looks like a big tree house , which thrilled my kids.
