4	excellent place to stop by for a quick eat.After paying $30+ for buffets, you come here and pay $8 and get a full steamy meal.  It's quite amazing how cheap and quick you can please your stomach.The place is quite noisy with a lot of kids/families eating here.  Definitely not a place to impress your date, but if I was by myself and was in a rush, it's one of my top choices :)
3	Pretty much the same food you can get at every other Panda Express across the country - quick-serve Chinese.  Nothing wrong with it, but nothing grand either.  The good news is that it wasn't going to slow down our trip, nor was it going to set us back a ridiculous amount either.
1	Never mix Johnnie Walker with Panda Express = NO BUENO. I ordered the fried rice and orange flavor chicken followed up with a brisk rasberry ice tea. Normally I would enjoy that mix but not this time. I took four bites, pushed my tray forward, then passed out as if I was back in my stats class in college. All while: Eugine Y, Johnny G, Reid Y were taking pics of me.Never again shall I eat this while intoxicated.
2	The Panda Express at the Venetian served me the worst Panda Express food ever - and I LIKE Panda Express! The food was already ready, like all Pandas, but it tasted overly salty (I didn't even order anything bizarre), and everyone else with me agreed.Can't beat the convenience factor, of course. Maybe I caught them on a bad day?
5	i'm not a big fan of chinese food but i absolutely love panda express and i love it even more in vegas when my pockets are swollen and my stomach is growling. yummy!
4	Ok... strange right? I'm usually anti-Panda but to be honest.... I have been eating at this one for the past two weeks every few days and the food has been good. My only complaint about this one is the fact that the people serving the food all have varying portions. One day I feel like I'm getting barely anything and I'm still hungry, the next day I can't even finish my food. I have been ordering the same dish the past few times and the food has been fresh and very tasty.I order the 2 item and 1 side combo plate. My side is fried rice when it looks fresh and I accompany that with Sweet Fire Chicken as item 1 and Mandarin Chicken as item 2. I was skeptical to try the Sweet Fire Chicken at first because I don't like spicy foods and it has a spicy sticker next to it.. but the guy behind the counter told me it just had a small kick to it. He let me try a piece and it was deicious.I must say.... Panda has grown on me. Hope they keep up with the quality, fresh food that I have been getting recently.
3	I try not to eat at Panda express.. I don't even eat panda back at home but I was on vacation and I was hungry so I opted for it. It was like any other time at Panda and it was good. Very convenient, located in the food court with the pizza place, chipolte and micky d's right up stairs.
2	They were stingy with their portions and the chow main tasted smoky. But the Beijing chicken was good as always =)
3	We got the panda bowl with Beijing beef right before seeing Phantom of the Opera at the Venetian.  The Beijing beef was good.
5	LOVE this place!! Wish we had one in NYC! Its amazing! I first fell in love with Panda when I was in Texas a few years back... I loved loved the orange chicken but this time I changed to the Bejing Beef and that was a game changer!! OMG!! That was amazing. It was like generals chicken crossed with hunan beef. OMG! Unreal!! PLS PUT A PE IN NYC!!!
5	Dear Panda Express on the strip,I love you. You saved my life the afternoon after coming back to my hotel at 8am. I wake up with the worse hangover feelin like I was in the movie hangover and the last thing I wanted was some fancy Las Vegas restaurant food where I'd have to sit at the table with the whole room spinning than run to bathroom and throw it all up. I needed somethin to hit the spot and make me feel good!! And you were there panda. I turned to my girlfriend and said babe, I need some damn Panda. And as soon as we get back to San Jose were eating some!! And she turns around and tell me, we passed a Panda on the strip. You were too drunk to notice. I innmediately get dressed and stumble my way about a quarter mile down the strip and there you were. Right next to Mcdonalds lookin fly as ever! I opened your doors and it was amazing....only two people in line! You gave me great service and I stumbled my way back to the hotel to fall on the bed and open up my take out box full of rice, noodles, beef and broccoli, and orange chicken. Thank you Panda Express on the strip. You saved my life.
1	Food tastes like plastic !! What a place.. no customer service at all. The 2 girls behind the counter were absolutely rude. The tasteless food was overpriced. Prolly was worth $1.15 not the $9.00 I was charged. Quick tip: run away from there, go across the blvd to Chin Chin, inside New York, New York Hotel. You get charged $8 for a decent chicken n Shrimp fried rice !!
4	If you don't feel like paying 30 bucks for a meal and you just need to refuel or recover from that Vegas hangover, this is the spot to hit up!  The portions are definitely larger than most other Panda Expresses and the food is consistently quasi-Chinese.  It's like McDonald's, you'll always get about the same thing taste wise.
3	This is the ultimate hangover spot in Vegas. Me nd my friends slightly tipsy nd majorly hungry stopped by here round midnight nd they were luckily still open. Needless to say we pigged out :D open later than chipotle nd if ur bold u can defiantly try ur luck at the soda machine. Just pretend ur drunk wit no cash
3	overall one of the better panda expresses, not my favorite place in the world but sadly prob the best "chinese" food your going to find in vegas.
5	I love Panda Express! This was my first, and last, meal on a recent trip to Vegas. The first time I got the fried rice and orange chicken bowl and it was really good. The chicken was crispy and sweet. Their chili sauce is good too, tastes kind of like Sriracha!The second time I got fried rice and sweet fire chicken, which was mostly sweet, but if you add the chili sauce it tastes even better.  The server didn't give me as much chicken as my other friend so I told the manager and he gave me extra :)The fried rice was good, and garlicky, just the way I like it.Great food at a great price (I got the bowl for around $7, and it was very filling), which is much appreciated especially after spending so much in Vegas!
3	Picked up two entrees (~$6; credit cards accepted) to serve as a poor man's brunch. Can't beat this location's convenience, and service was good. If only they were open 24 hours...Before you judge me, Panda Express is my guilty pleasure, and like all guilty pleasures, you're not too choosy after an all-nighter. I know Panda isn't real Chinese food, but nor is it Americanized Chinese; it's Panda. And since they're inexplicably hard to find on the East Coast, I lust after their chow mein once in a blue moon[1].[1] Yes, it's sad, I know.
5	FINALLY EAST COAST PANDA!!! Just got one near me!! There is a NEW PE in Bayonne, NJ right over the bridge!!!! There is a brand new strip mall there with a Panda, a Sonic and a 5 guys!! Its the best parking lot in the world!! Its about a 10-15 minute ride from Staten Island. Went there tonight for a fun cheat meal. LOVE the orange chicken and beijing beef. Omg. Happy I dont have to wait until I go to Vegas now in the summer to get it. I highly recommend.
1	Food is good only because of massive amountsof MSG.  Also, you NEVER pay what the menuadvertises because they have many hidden extra costs that you don't find out about untilyou get to cashier.  $1.00 more for shrimp?PUT IT ON THE MENU!!
3	Even though the same basic types of alcohol are served in different bars, not all bars are the same. Some bars have bartenders with heavy hands and some don't. It can make or break the experience.Well, the same idea applies to chain cheap eateries such as Subway, Chipotle, and of course, Panda Express. Some servers have heavy hands and some don't. It can make or break the experience.Luckily, the staff here has (very) heavy hands. It made my day and broke the button on my slacks.
3	Ok I will keep this shortSaturday night 2items plus fired rice entered my stomach followed by 7 shots of alcohol, all the food was back out from my mouth 2 hours later.But seriously this location is ok, the food wasn't too hot around 6pm regular dinner time, nothing special compare to other Pandas.
2	The food is undoubtedly good for fast food Chinese, but they do this thing that gets me every time.  They have the menu designed in such a way that it LOOKS like your drink is included as part of it (1. Get Side 2. Pick two entrees 3. Get Drink) but they charge you extra for the drink, and Egg Roll is NOT a side, so they charge you extra for that.Its better knowing all this, but it keeps me from raving about it.  I'm sure the prices here are more expensive because its in the Venetian too. All in all, pretty decent, but there are a lot of choices near by that I probably enjoy better.
4	Quite frankly, I am a fan of Panda Express in general just because I went to college in Santa Cruz, and sadly, this was the closest thing to good Chinese food.  This Panda Express like many others is consistent.  One thing that irritated me about this location was that when I got there, they only had a fourth of the menu items out.  Maybe they had just opened?  I was not keeping track of time because I was too busy gambling.  Nevertheless, they had the entrees and items that I wanted.
3	They are all the same.  But I am impressed that this store is fast and efficient with serving.  There is not much seating in the place since it shares a seating area with Chipotle and a pizza joint, so I would recommend preparing to get your food to go.3 stars because I asked for more orange chicken than fried rice and he told me "No". Really????
1	Food is too expensive. The quality is too cheap and poorly prepared to justify the outrageous prices. The staff will likely ignore you until they feel like doing their jobs. The worst Panda Express I've ever been to.
1	Panda express is okay. Not something I will ever suggest to eat but at this location it's HORRIBLE. The noodles nor the rice were fully cooked. Food was really nasty here. I will nevee come back to this location.
3	I can't believe someone would give this place 1-star based on price and quality.It's Panda FUCKING Express. Other than the PE at Six Flags Magic Mountain, this is the second/third time I've had it. It's cheap, it's passable, and it does the job. You know what you're walking into. Vegas is incredibly expensive and finding any place where you can pay $20 for two people to eat and be satisfied is good enough for me. And you're probably drunk anyways...I stayed at the Venetian, so I came here twice and it's so busy that the food is always coming out. Does that mean it's fresh? Nope. What it means that at least it's not sitting there for hours. I tried the fried rice/noodles (bland), the orange chicken (good), beef & broccoli (good), and the teriyaki chicken - which was the best thing after the girl poured sauce all over it. Also, get the LARGE drink - it comes with free refills. After you're done, have them fill it up again and pour some alcohol in your drank. Be practical! Overall, a decent place. It's Panda Express, people. Calm the fuck down.
2	I stopped at Panda Express during my visit to the Venetian during the holidays. I had never experienced anything like it. There was a young woman texting on her cellphone while I waited for help. Two people waiting for assistance, a gentleman in front of me and I. I am an avid texter so I decided to be patient while she went on texting.   Much to my surprise, a young man arrives (in Panda Express uniform) and starts kissing her. It was more than the average kiss...lol! She turns to the counter and a bit frustrated makes an attempt to take our orders.   By this time, I'm already contemplating just walking away a few more steps to the other food vendors, when a very nice Asian woman comes to the rescue and starts taking our orders. The food was great.   I know it's fast food Panda Express; I do not expect red carpet treatment here but the kissing part was a little extreme lol! For that reason, I am giving it 2 stars.
3	OK, it's Panda Express, same food you get anywhere at Panda. But THIS one will charge you $2.95 for a PAPER CUP of water to go with your meal! They say Panda Express corporate forces them to do this. I can understand charging 25 cents for a cup of water if someone doesn't order food, but charging $2.95 for a paper cup of water for people ordering food... Ridiculous!
3	When it comes to a mall food court, you can't do much better than Panda Express. The food is fresh wok'ed and hot but watch your wallet because you will be paying through the nose to eat here. Yes, this location has super high food court / tourists prices. My 3 item plate and small soda came to $14.00! Fourteen dollars! I nearly fainted. The food is standard and the employees didn't want to give me a free sample of one of their new dishes -- they looked at me like I was from outer space when I asked for a sample. This is one of the only places in the Fashion Show Mall food court that offers free refills that you get to refill yourself. Buy the small soda and refill it all you want. They have Pepsi products. I tried to drink 8 cups of Diet Pepsi to get my money's worth. At least the food was good.
3	Stopped by for a quick meal after hearing about the new shiitake kale chicken breast. I didn't see the outrageous prices until it was too late. I got a bowl and it was about $8, my brother got a 3 entree plate that came out to about $13. These crazy tourist prices are only reasonable in Vegas. We did ask for free samples and got them which was a relief because I heard a lot of complaints about no free samples. The food was delicious as always, but the bill was not.
4	$13.07 for a 2-entree meal of Sweetfire Chicken and Black Pepper Chicken along with a medium soda. They even charged me $1.25 extra for Shanghai Steak which I didn't order and didn't notice until I had walked out of the joint. I must have paid for the drunk guy ahead of me. The food was hot and tasty and the counter area was clean despite the big crowd. I can't complain since the buffet across the street wanted $39.00 "Holiday Pricing" for dinner. I might give this location another try. Oh, and I'll be watching next time for extra charges.
1	Food at this location is consistent with the look and taste of all other Panda chains. The Issue is the rude people working behind the counter. No customer service skills whatsoever. They're there to collect a "paycheck" and to be a body. So if service matters, skip this Panda Express.
3	Your standard Panda Express with the typical, salt-laden dishes but the prices are decent for the Strip and it is super fast!
1	This one star review isn't based on the food; It's Panda Express, fast and decent food, no complaints there. The issue was the service. Granted, its on the strip, it was wildly busy, long line; we waited our turn. It was very loud there, so it was a challenge to get our order in; I ended up with rice vs chow mein (which they did correct, and I appreciated that). The problem was with the cashier, Richard. I assume because of the noise level he was having trouble understanding our drink order; however, after two failed attempts to get the order right, he completely lost his cool and began repeating his questions to us in a very pissy tone of voice (the kind of attitude you take when you are talking to someone who you think is very, very stupid) without giving us time to respond. I eventually had to cut him off and tell him we were trying to order he just was not listening. At that point he stopped speaking whatsoever (other than a final, snotty "thank you") and finished the transaction. I am a general manager of a large retail store, and whenever I observe any of my associates behaving in this manner with a customer, I remove them from the selling floor and discuss what the issue is that is causing their inappropriate behavior and how to correct it. None of this happened at Panda; Richard simply moved on to the next customer with the same surly attitude. Now I am sure this location makes money hand over fist, and my one opinion wont matter to any of them in the least, but we will never give this store our business again, no matter how badly we are craving Orange Chicken. If you do give this store your business, avoid Richard at all costs.  His offensive belligerent attitude left a very bad taste in our mouths.
3	Didnt feel great after eating this. Poor service. But good veggie options as always. Too expensive.  When i went there they ran out of spring rolls. Definitely not filling either.
