3	This was the closest hookah lounge to where I was house sitting last week. It's good to know it's there, but I wouldn't desperately seek it out unless I wasn't in the area.Tucked away in the corner of a not-so-well-lit strip mall, Hooka Jungle offers the casual seating of sofas arranged so three of them form a U with a large table in the middle. There are plenty of burn holes in the sofas, which one sort of expects. I guess. Their shisha selection was very limited, and a brand I've never heard before. I settle for a watermelon mint. That was pretty good. Locating an open sofa arrangement, I wait for my hookah. It doesn't take long to arrive, and in that time another group walks in. They must be regulars. Now we are the only people here, besides the two guys running the operation. When another, younger group shows up, the music goes on. So that's when my modest enjoyment of my smoke ended, because who really wants to be bombarded by bass? Suppose I'm just too old for this trend.I didn't take any pictures because it was dark inside, and outside I didn't want to advertise I have a camera phone.
5	My boy Razzy and I went to the Mayhem Festival and, after a day of the likes of Born of Osiris and CHILDREN OF BODOM, we had to get the hell out before the Rockstar Energy Drink Main Stage Corporate Card, including Five Finger Death Punch, completely ruined my buzz. Is that crap fine for the manicured rock fan in his crisp sleeveless Harley-Davidson tee and factory-distressed American Eagle jeans when he shows up at 6:45pm? Sure -- because all he is focused on is slamming $14 dollar beers while his AP Clerk-Turned-Biker-Bitch-For-The-Night, complete with Pinterested Rob Zombie tee and leather shorts, remembers where they parked the Windstar. But we'd been baking in the sun for hours and were not in the mood for some kind of garbage Kings of Thunder event -- nor were we in the mood for a bad hookah experience.Why so few hookah places are on yelp in the first place is beside me. I can get 1200 reviews for Matt's Big Breakfast for I can't get ten for any non-Tempe hookah lounge? Come on, Yelp. We can be better than this. So after calling a couple establishments to find out they were closed (or their numbers were bad), we ask a cabbie at a Circle K about what hookah places are actually still in business. He mentions the one on 27th Ave and Northern and I call. David answers, confirms they are in business, and we are off to the Sky.\Gotta testify, come up in the spot looking extra flyFor the day I die, I'mma touch the sky\We roll in to find ample seating on a series of couches and a free pool table. A few groups were set up with some hookah with sparklers (Initial Impression = EXCUSE ME?) and we meet Dave at the counter. Polite dude, he discusses their offerings with us and we snag a couple of reasonable-priced drinks and head to our couch. I was pretty much just a wad of flesh on a big comfy couch but, throughout our visit, the hookah was good and the service was excellent. Coals are consistently changed out and I hear the DJ playing everyone's requests (which, including my request, Thriller, were all very reasonable). We were camped out by the front door but I didn't think the music was too loud (not that I cared to hear the surely well keyed dialogue of Fast Five that was playing on the television). /Baby, I'm going on an airplane,And I don't know if I'll be back again.Sure enough, I sent the plane tickets,But when she came to kick it, things became different.Any girl I cheated on, sheets I skeeted on.I couldn't keep it home, I thought I needed a Nia Long.\We tried a couple flavors of hookah, played some pool, and at one point, discussed some kind of crazy like e-hookah that you just pull a tab and the damn thing is good for hundreds of puffs (and you can go days in between). Have no idea how this works nor was I in any mood to figure it out. I was three hours removed from Sixpounder and in no mood for math.  By the time we left, I felt we'd adequately taken in the full Sky High experience and all was well. Highly recommend hitting it up. Sky Highly./I gotta testify, come up in the spot looking extra flyFor the day you die, You gonna touch the sky (You gonna touch the sky babygirl!) Testify, come up in the spot looking extra flyFor the day you die, You gonna touch the sky/
5	My friends and I have been going here for years! It has switched owners but it is still a great place! The new owner David is really cool and has great deals on Hooka! The atmosphere is more like A club but still not too loud! Has a pizza joint attached and is perfect for a night out! Lots of seating and is always popping! You should definitely give this place a try!
3	Super super friendly staff.but in a very odd area and the clientel....hmmmm all high school thugs.Might come back, I definitely don't feel uncomfortable there, just out of place maybe.
5	This place is absolutely fantastic. Music is awesome. Hookah is great. My boyfriend and I went here after being referred and we were completely satisfied. The new owner is friendly and really on top of things. His customer service was personal and made us feel welcome. His staff was just as lead from example. Not to mention the food is very addicting. I would recommend this place to anyone. The location isn't all that awesome but you don't really have a thought about it once you're inside and settled. We can't wait to come back when it's really going on the weekends.
3	Went last night and the workers were great and on top of refills and coals. However the 3 stars is due to the atmosphere. The music sounded like it was off a playlist on iTunes and there was a lot of old music that was at least 5 years old. The Dj didn't really mix and only played one type of music for the time we were there.  Everyone kinda just sat around and didn't really socialize. I was wondering when people would actually get up and dance like in there photos. I went on the facebook page and it looked like so much fun. But in reality no one was there and kinda a lame night. Hooka was good though. And they were out of appleheads which also sucks. I mean it's friday night how can you be out of apple heads?
5	Fantastic hookah lounge, great music, quality hookah and friendly staff. Sky High had been my go-to hookah lounge for a year now and I love going there
5	Been going here for a year now!!! And the hookah is amazing! The owner  has specialty things you can use to I have your hookah experience... Bubbles... Sparklers!! Best nights to go are Thursday through Sunday! Best flavors and hookah in town!!
4	Recently moved here, so I was in search for a good hookah bar in phoenix. Was recommended this hookah lounge and so glad I came. Their flavor menu is huge. The atmosphere is super chill, and relaxing. Although it was a Wednesday when me and my friends went, so can't say how the atmosphere is on weekends. Anyways would definitely recommend.
5	I came from southern cali for a few days, and decided to check out a few lounges while i was in the area. I tried a couple but this is by far the best lounge ive ever been to.even better then so cal! 25$ unlimited hookah! Amazing deal! Definitely if you live in the area or just visiting! Check this place out!
