4	I'm not a whisky drinker and in fact, even the smell of it makes me feel sick. I worked for a catering company when I was at school and I remember having to walk around with trays of various different whiskies for people to take. Every single person asked me which was which and even though I should have arranged them in a manner that made it easy to remember - I didn't. So ended up just making whiskies up... I wasn't fooling anyone. After my whisky experience I still really am none the wiser about any of them but I've bought a few bottles in my time for retirement presents and such.This store is jam packed and looks very traditional, with all kind of whiskies, they also have other spirits too including a good selection of gins (my favourite), I guess whisky is their speciality though and I'm sure whatever whisky you're looking for you'll find it in here. Great for a souvenir from Scotland, a gift for a whisky drinker or great if you just fancy treating yourself to  fancy new bottle of your favourite whisky.
5	Jim BeamJohnny DrumMakers MarkHeaven HillBuffalo TraceKnob CreekEagle RareKentucky VintageElijah CraigOld FitzgeraldJ D wantPikesville RyeJeffersonsMcaffe's BenchmarkBulleit& Van Wickle Family ReserveI know it's probably a hanging offense to go in Royal Mile Whiskies store and head straight for the American bourbons but I can't help it. The bottles are prettier than the Scottish and Irish whiskies and the selection is truly eye-watering. Alongside rye, maize and barley bourbons, they have one made with honey and one made from pure corn (Georgia Moon) and served in a jam jar. Frankly, you can't get any sweeter.
4	Now, I don't know a whiskey from a hole in the road and this -yes I know- is a very, very bad thing indeed.That being said, these gents were quite nice to a somewhat befuddled Dutch girl walking in at 7pm sighing that she needed whiskey but didn't know which kind. Now what is even more remarkable is that said gents stayed kind, showing no signs of arrogance or annoyance, when they proceeded to attempt a full-body explanation of the delight that is whiskey. When the bemused blond girl put on the puppy eyes, looked even more confused, and asked what single malt was, they gave up and started showing the girl various bottles.In the end, the slightly befuddled -and now tipsy- blond girl walked away with a very, very good single malt 12 year old whiskey, that her brother-in-law will surely love.How does she know it was a very good whiskey you ask? Well, it's 5 hours later, I only tasted the tail-end of a shot glass and I can still feel it in my veins.That cannea be bad, aye?
5	I find myself in Edinburgh every year or so.  Royal Mile Whiskies has become a necessary destination each time I visit.Though in a heavy tourist area, this is a great store.  Prices are reasonable and the customer service is the best.  They have a great selection of Scotch Whisky and will let you try a wee dram or two while you're shopping.  They even sell some US bourbon that you can't get in the US.And, they ship to the US.  I always get my shipment promptly and intact.Royal Mile Whisies gets my highest recommendation.
5	IN PERSON: My visit to Royal Mile Whiskies in Edinburgh was wonderful.  Their selection is out of this world, including an amazing selection of rare and unusual Scotch, plus everything else you might expect.  What I didn't expect, especially in such a touristy area, was the personal and thoughtful service I received.  The employees are passionate about Scotch, and are happy to spend as much time as you like helping you find some new favorite malts.  It was a wonderful experience.MAIL ORDER TO USA: I have placed a few orders to be shipped to my California USA residence, and was equally amazed at their service.  My most recent order was for four bottles with a shipping cost of about $12 USD per bottle -- very reasonable!  And I placed my order on a Wednesday and it arrived the very next Monday!  Just 3 business days!  I don't see how Royal Mile Whiskies could possibly improve their customer experience.
4	Competitive priceThey export around the Worldand free samples too
5	There isn't an enormous amount to say about Royal Mile Whiskies that hasn't already been covered. They know their stuff, they have a good selection of spirits and beers, the staff are very friendly.  I especially appreciated coming in here with my mom who wanted to get something which she couldn't get at home (USA), and the person who was helping us was able to rattle off a list of options. Though I feel weird giving them 5 stars, that's just me being silly - I honestly can't think of any way they're lacking.
