5	Great service! My truck started having electrical problems Friday night, they took me in as a walk-in Saturday morning, no problem. Truck was fixed and returned in a matter of hours. Even replaced a part that my local Nissan dealership was unable to provide. Neil at the front counter was very friendly and helpful. Honest work/pricing and friendly service.Highly recommend.
4	Was leaving the Wachovia parking lot in U-City, and my car wouldn't start. Searched on my phone for the nearest auto repair, and Griffin Brothers came up. Called them, and they sent a tow out for me. They were able to look at it, but unfortunately it was late in the day so I would have to wait until the next day. They provided a shuttle to my house and picked me up the next morning. Luckily it was just the battery. Good service and they were sympathetic.
5	I'm absolutely floored with the service Griffin Brothers offers.The other day I realized I had a flat tire about 5 minutes away from home.  With the wheel on the ground and no car jack, I wasn't sure what to do.  Much to my dismay, my AAA membership had also run out.  I had my tires and oil serviced at Griffin Bros the week prior, so I figured I would give them a call.Not only did they send someone out to air up my tire, but when I drove to the shop they put my car immediately on the lift when I told them I had a meeting to be at in 30 minutes.  Unfortunately they didn't have the right size tire in stock, and it was going to be an hour before they could get it. Realizing I had to make the meeting, I told them I would need to jet, and offered to pay for the roadside service...which they waived.Griffin Brothers was there to help me out in a time of need, and helped me for the sake of it being the right thing to do for a customer.Hands down, I will continue to do business with and recommend Griffin Brothers for anyone needing automotive service in the University Area.
5	A few days ago I got a flat tire, I needed a quick fix so I just got a cheap plug and told myself I would get it properly fix the day after. I went to a shop right down the street from Griffin Brothers first, and they tried to sell me a tire. Saying I was upset, it's an understatement. My tire was in great condition, I just wanted to get it patched up. Thankfully I stopped at Griffin Brothers. They were not only extremely nice but very helpful. They had my car ready within an hr, and when I went to pick it up I got such a pleasant surprise. They didn't charge me a thing. I could not believe how great and generous they were. Needless to say I'm getting my oil change and everything else that involves my vehicle done there from now on. You can tell they are professional and trustworthy.Love them! And will recommend to anybody.
4	Michelins. Their service writers are competent and courteous. Free rotations.
5	I've been a loyal customer for over a year, and if they've moved me enough to shrug off my inherent laziness and write about them, that really ought to be all anyone needs to know.I've had two inspections, a flat tire repaired at no charge, and probably something else I can't remember. I just keep going back.
4	I've been taking my vehicles here since 2008. No complaints. Love the shuttle service. Free coffee, coffee, & wifi if you want to wait. Friendly and proffessional staff. Clean bathrooms
