3	This place is a convenient walk for the 1st Warders so we had been waiting for it to open since we saw it was coming. It's a nice looking place on the inside, has some outdoor seating as well. The menu was mostly medium to higher priced. If I remember correctly, the pizzas looked almost outrageously overpriced...didn't try it, but can't imagine it being good enough to justify the cost. I opted for a traditional Italian dish of lasagna ($12.95). It was a good size portion, the bottom layer seemed a little chewy, but initially i really enjoyed it. My lady friend ordered the a chicken roll (i took a bite and was not a fan) but she thought it was good. Along with the calzones, the chicken roll and other rolls were the cheapest item at $6.95. When i go back, i will probably opt for a calzone. They did serve little bread loaves with oil. The first bread they brought out was delicious, the second batch tasted more sourdoughy, not sure why they varied in taste. The service at the beginning of the meal was almost overbearing, being asked how we were doing every few seconds, however when it came time to get the check, we sat for awhile waiting for our server to come back. Friendly all around though, being a new place i'm sure they'll figure it out.
4	Another First Warder here that anxiously awaited the opening.  This is a great addition to the neighborhood.  The food is great- and not just because it is convenient.  In my opinion, the prices are fair given the quality and portion size (you'll have some left for the next meal).  I would be happy to go a little out of my way for this one.  I have been several times and never been disappointed.The pizza is excellent!  The price is comparable to other unique pizza places (i.e. it's not Domino's- think Wolfman range).  It is real New York style (I lived there for a short time, and had almost forgotten how the real thing tastes until this reminded me.  I don't know how it compares with other NY style in Charlotte- but I thought it was very good.)  The lasagna is as good as any I have had, and just yesterday I had a Meatball Hero that was delicious- perfectly toasted roll with big and tasty meatballs, their excellent sauce, and lots of mozzarella.I hate to oversell things, but I really think this is worth checking out if you are looking for good casual Italian food in a friendly atmosphere.
3	I was home from school for Winter Break and took a friend to meet another friend uptown at Villa Francesa's, near the second friend's apartment. It was Christmas Eve, so we weren't too surprised that the dining room was empty mid-afternoon.The waiter was very attentive throughout, but had trouble understanding that one of my friends wanted a slice of lime for her water. He made an odd comment about not having any lemon because they'd been closed for a few days, which made us a little uncomfortable. TMI? Still, we appreciated that he split the check for us without any fuss. Classy!We had a calamari appetizer, gnocchi, and tortellini. We were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food. Nothing extraordinary, but solid and edible Italian staples. The calamari was crispy and tasty, and the tortellini was rich and cheesy. I'm not sure that I could taste the gnocchi, but I'm getting over a cold, and my friend enjoyed it. Overall, I would have expected a lower price-point for good Italian that wasn't quite great.As a final note, we enjoyed the Christmas-themed window decorations  and felt that the place had a reasonably authentic neighborhood vibe.
2	This place is literally a block away from my brothers apartment.  We decided to eat here because my parents needed to catch a flight and we thought it would be quick, it was not.  When we got there it wasn't that busy and we were able to find a booth.  Our waiter took his time coming and getting our drink order but was back quickly to get the rest of our order.  Then the waiting began.  None of us ordered anything complicated it was all rolls and soup, shouldn't be that hard to put together, yet it took 15 minutes for the soup to come out.  The "bowl" of soup was huge and did look good.  Also when the rest of our food came out another 5 minutes later it was good but we had hardly any time to eat it.  The real problem was our waiter.  He was not attentive and was out of order when serving the food.  We got drinks then soup then bread with oil then main course.  When we did get our food it was good and a big portion.  I hope Villa Francesca gets it's act together I'd love to go back and get served.
5	Last week, I drove by Villa Francesca, I said out loud, " I want that restaurant to have great pizza by the slice."  I tried it tonight and it was outstanding.  A fresh pizza came out of the oven and I ordered a slice.  I sat outside on a bench and ate my pizza. It was a little thicker than "thin" crust, topped with crushed tomatoes, fresh basil and mozzarella.    The owner came out and introduced himself and offered me another slice!!  It's good to be a girl!I don't think I want to eat pizza anywhere else in CLT.  My slice was $3.  The menu dinner items were $10-$15.  I can't wait to go back.  They are open on Sunday and outside seating.
5	I have eaten quite a few Italian meals around Charlotte, since I arrived in 1993.  Today I had lunch here for the first time.  It was without reservation the best Italian that I have had in town!  I am already planning my next visit, so that I can work my way through the complete menu.  See ya there!!
5	I am now up to my sixth visit here.  I have never eaten the same thing twice.  I have yet to be disappointed.  I have now tried the pizza, subs, pasta dishes, and entrees.  If you haven't been here yet.....why the f**k not?!
5	Do you have any idea what Grandma Sauce is?  I didn't either, but now I do!  The last two items I needed to try were the Grandma Pizza and the Sausage Rolls.  THEY WERE FREAKIN' OUTRAGEOUS!!
4	If you love pizza by the slice then you need to stop by Villa Francesa!  They make a meat stuffed pizza which has pepperoni, cheese, sausage, and ham made into the pizza with a dough top covering it.  It comes with side of marinara sauce that's great for dipping.  You also have to try "Grandma's Pizza", it's awesome.  I would classify their cheese and pepperoni pizza as average and comparable to what you would get at most pizza joints.  I've had several of their pastas as well, all of which were very good so I don't think you can go wrong there either.  We had two waters and 3 slices of the meat stuffed pizza and one slice of pepperoni and cheese which costs us about $15 including tax.  The stuffed meat pizza is pretty filling.  The staff is always welcoming and friendly so do yourself a favor and stop in for a cold beer and a great slice of pie!
4	I have been driving by this place for months thinking "I really should stop one of these days".  So tonight, thanks to Nicole W's foursquare check in, I got inspired.  The pizzas are huuuuuuuuge!  If you check on foursquare you get free garlic knots :)  The pizza was the perfect combination of chewy and crunchy.  Definitely going back to try some traditional Italian dishes.
3	Was in the mood for Italian so I thought I'd try a place I've never been. Always drove by this restaurant, but never made it in until now. Had a sports bar feel was my first impression. Menu was extensive with apps, salads, sandwiches, pasta and pizza. Was a little disappointed on the beer list. Not too many choices. Only two domestics and about 5 imports. They had shock top though, albeit at $4.50/bottle. Oh well, it was good. Decided on the calzone w/sausage & mushrooms. The calzone crust was a little overcooked and I wasn't a fan of the canned mushrooms, though the sausage was sliced thin and tasty as well as the marinara sauce with good for dipping. Many different types of pizza to choose from and I think I'll go that route next time. They deliver too.
3	I almost didn't want to write this review and give Villa Francesca only 3 stars. I say this because our server was sweet and efficient, it's a very convenient location Uptown (not too bad to park) and I'm always on the prowl for tasty Italian. I'm clamoring to get back and try the 'za and I imagine that will likely take it up to the next level. I suppose that's what review updates are for!Inside, Villa Francesca is a roomy Italian resto with tables a plenty and booths large enough for the whole famiglia. This isn't super fancy pants Italian, and I kinda like it that way. The menu has all the classics: the parms, the pizzas, the pastas, the salads, etc. No doubt even the pickiest of eaters will find something to satisfy their hungry. I also imagine that this place is pretty good for kiddos as the portions are pretty generous and every kid I've ever known loves pizza.Anywho, I was in quite the mood for stuffed shells this particular day, so that's what I went for. The shells were good - a generous portion of four jumbo stuffed shells baked with a bit of cheese and covered in pomodoro sauce. While I enjoyed half and took the remaining home for a next day lunch, I kept comparing them to other stuffed shells I've had in Charlotte. The flavor of these was nice, albeit a bit salty, the shells were cooked well (a bit al dente) but it was the filling that I wasn't blown away by. The ricotta mix tasted a bit gritty...not creamy and insanely delicious like I'm used to. I know I'll be back to try some other items and I think I'll be much happier with the end result. The pizza looked huge and delicious, I'll need to hit that up. So, for now Villa Francesca, see ya later & ciao.
4	Feels like home. Being a New Jerseyan, having a nicey-nice corner Italian Restaurant is a must. They are the only Italian place in Charlotte that I trust and go to. Want to get some homemade Pasta Fagioli? BAMMMMMMM pick up the phone and order from Villa Francesca. These guys are from NY and know their way around the kitchen. They have phenomenal manicotti and great pizza.Only complaint, their sauce is a little to sweet for me and if you park in front it's metered. Must try though, so make the trip. On the corner of 7th and Caldwell.
3	I like the aura of this place. It's a casual yet classy kind of decor. Easy to see the TVs, waitresses are sweet and smiley. And an odd mixture of Panthers and Yankees paraphernalia. They have a few different types of pizza pies to choose from. New York style, grandma style, white pizza and I believe the last was Sicilian style. We went for New York, it had a thin-chewy crust, a very light sauce presence and quite a bit of cheese. It could have used some more garlic.What was nice was after the waitress found out there was a miscommunication in the kitchen and therefore a delay in our pizza, she handed us some free garlic knots. Tasty, dense little rolls. But yeah, that's nice service.Next time I'll try one of the other pizza styles. They all mentioned having slightly different crusts and sauces so perhaps I'll find something to write home about later.
5	I was wrong!  I thought I had tried everything that was on the menu here.  How did I miss the Chicken Parmesan Hero?!  I had it today.  It was FABULOUS!!Seriously kids....if you are not stopping in this place to have a meal with "Lucky Luciano" Suppa with some sort of regularity, then you are probably sitting home alone eating kibbles and bits with your hairless chihuahua.
4	Yum. I've got to add on here: tried the grandma pizza, and that grandma sauce is everything that the NY sauce was not - chunky, herby, garlicky, delicious.  If you go NY style I'd recommend getting it with meat to liven up the flavor.  If you go with Grandma, I'd recommend plain cheese or veggies cause that sauce is SAUCY.
4	My new FAVORITE THING OF ALL TIME is the Italian Hero Sub here. Geez I all but gave up on good Italian subs in Charlotte until I spotted this lonely entry on their packed menu. Huge sub with a ton of meat (I can't remember all of the varieties but they definitely didn't skimp) and lettuce and tomatoes and cheese, all perfectly flavored with dressing. I got it takeout so they put balsamic on the side and I don't think I would want it on it if I was dining in - personal preference.... I can't remember how much it was, probably a tiny bit on the pricey side which is the theme of their entire menu.... Something to skip: Don't bother ordering the Mozzarella Caprese. Right idea, right ingredients, poor quality. First it is covered with roasted garlic which wooohoo you better not be kissing anyone (unless they ate it too of course). Second the mozzarella is fine, not fresh (like sold in Italian delis in water) but close-to-fresh....you get the idea? So both of those things aren't so bad but then you get to the tomato, it was not a Roma or something tasty and delicious and RED but instead one of the crappy big ones like from the HT that is pink and grown in some petri dish from an alien hermaphrodite tomato-plant like wannabe. Yuck. I threw it all out. I was kinda blaming myself like why would I order this when tomatoes aren't in season but darn it, if i can get an ok Roma or vine-ripened tomato at the HT, they should be able to get some better produce from their vendors. So minor salad disappointment aside, I do love this place and will go again many many times. Favorite pizzas here are the plain cheese or the grandma's pizza, and favorite pasta here is the Penne con Pollo Pomodoro sooo good...all in all I would definitely makeout with this restaurant but it wouldnt get to second base and I would never let it drive my car.   :-D
5	Fabulous restaurant with delicious authentic Italian cuisine!The pizza and garlic knots are the closest you can come to New York! The spaghetti sauce is out of this world! The Pasta is cooked to perfection and tastes great!Overall a great experience and I would recommend this small cozy restaurant to anyone!They even have canoli's!
4	"Grandma Pizza: Essentially a thin-crust Sicilian pie." But ohhhh so much more than that. Square, crisp, greasy, salty, oreganoey, stewed tomatoey, add mushroomy, heavenly. The menu is large and prices reasonable on all the classics - Lobster dishes, of which there are many, climb to the 18 range, but veg-pastas stay 9 to 11, and since these guys are heavy handed with the garlic (rare), they satisfy. Subs are BEHEMOTH and hover between 6 and 8. But Gramma, she knows what I like, and I stay faithful. And since I'm usually the one driving over here, it's what I'm picking up, because no order of Manicotti or Shells is going to make me croon like that pie does. Serious pizza. NY style is a decent rendition. Garlic knots, nice. The decor sets me off a tad bit, all polished, no old school. But that pie, itta keeps me a-comin back. My chihuahua is so lonely.
4	For some reason, Charlotte lacks simple, good Italian food. I love Hawthorne's and Luisa's for pizza, and Fiamma is one of my all-time favorites, but when you just want pasta and red sauce, there just isn't that much to choose from.Villa Francesca is just that.  Simple.  Good.  Italian.  (And despite some of the other reviews, I think the price is spot on.)  As I've written in previous reviews, a good meal starts with good bread. VF makes their own, and it comes out warm with some nicely seasoned olive oil.We skipped the salads because we thought they were slightly on the expensive side.  (Why can't more restaurants offer a simple side salad for around $4?)  I had spaghetti and meatballs based on Francesca's recommendation.  I loved them.  After a big workout at the Y, I downed the entire bowl.  My wife had the lasagna.  It was mammoth, and I'm looking forward to polishing it off for lunch.  Looking to reward ourselves for putting in our work at the gym, we ordered the tiramisu.  It was very good, and could have been passed off as being made in-house, but it wasn't. Service here is great.  Francesca couldn't be sweeter and Louie is a guy who is looking to build real community in Charlotte.  I have had the pizza before, but it's been a while, so we will definitely go back soon to give it a shot.
5	I was back in town for the weekend, so you know I had to stop and have a tasty meal with my buddy, Luciano Suppa.  It's an addiction I hope to never get over!I made the mistake of telling Louie about a little joint I stumbled into in NPR, and the silly (cheap) prices they were charging for their meatball heros.  I started to think he might be getting a little jealous. ;-)  I'm hungry, and I can't decide what I want to eat.  Louie says to me, "You want a meatball parmesan hero?"  "Sure", I respond.Goodness gracious!  This is the sh*t!!!  No reason to feel like an almost jilted lover, my friend!  YOU ARE A GOD!!If you kids still haven't availed yourselves of all the goodness that is Villa Francesca, SHAME ON YOU!!!
3	I have had takeout and have come in to try it out it's ok and it's close to my house. Parking is very limited and kinda annoying but whatever. The people working here are very nice.I've had the Tortellini soup- Eh its mostly a HUGE bowl of broth, The Grandma pizza by the slice is pretty small and is ok. I've had the Shrimp Parmigiana sub it was ok. Everything was just OK, nothing stood out to be all that memorable. I will try them again and hopefully it will be better!
2	Had takeout a few times and the pizza was yummy. Came in to sit down and it was one of the most awkward situations ever. Hostess insisted on filling my sprite with water, waitress was extremely rude. My pizza was cold, my friend's spinach roll was as well. Very disappointed overall.
4	With the CityPass coupon book in hand, my previous other half and I stopped by here Saturday to have lunch.  I didn't have much expectation (figured it's just another Italian joint) and was surprisingly impressed.  I don't know if they have different lunch menu during the week, the menu I had was a little pricey for lunch, but was extensive with options.  I ended up ordering Linguini con Vongole (white sauce) and he got the meatball parm hero.  The portion was decent.  But oh mine... it was fabulously flavorful.  The clam sauce was perfect (a bit oily... ok, it was very oily but great for dipping the bread).  His meatball sub was very tasty too.  Meatballs were well seasoned (though they weren't quite in the shape of a ball), the tomato sauce wasn't too tart.  It did not come with side items though, but it was large enough of a sandwich that you don't need any more food.Service was a bit slow but it was ok.  We sat outside in the little patio area since it was great weather out.  It is quite mind-blowing (not in a good way) that the parking spaces in front of the restaurant are metered by Preferred Parking.  According to the sign on the door, there are LIMITED spaces in the back that are free.  But that would be a pain on a busy (or cold/rainy/bad weather) night trying to park.Side note, next table ordered a pizza, and that thing smelled good and it looked gigantic.  I don't doubt that they have really good pizza as previously reviewed.To sum it up, it is a solid, nice little joint for a causal meal uptown if you don't feel like fancy it up.
5	You know that I could not return to Charlotte for a long weekend without having a meal with my friend, Louie Suppa.After Saturday night, all I can say is, "GRANDMA!  GRANDMA!  GRANDMA!  GRANDMA!!"This time we topped half the pie with pepperoni and meatball slices.  I am really diggin' my meaty Grandma!!
5	Five stars for the Grandma Pizza.The service is friendly and efficient. Other menu items that I have had (and I have had many of them) are very good.Great neighborhood place that has only gotten better with age. I believe Louie and family are here for the long haul.
4	"Where everybody knows your name".....I hear this when I think of Villa.  Local Italian joint, hometown flavor, not overdone and solid food.  So far I've tried the pizza as well as a hero sandwich and neither have disappointed me at all.  The delivery service seems to be very good and the service inside the restaurant is equally as impressive.  Greeted with smiling faces and a desire to help.My most recent visit, my girlfriend and I were actually talking with the Owner and he mentioned he recognized us from a Charlotte Checkers game (were we being loud and boisterous? Probably, it's a hockey game!).  Anyway it's always great when ownership takes time to make it's customers feel at home like that and take time to get to know you.  Again, a real neighborhood eatery, not some chain.  This is important people!
4	Great pizza place.  I live close, so I've eaten here many times.  The pizza is consistently good!  I usually go with the basic NY cheese pizza, but recently had the Grandma pizza and it was even better.  I always 'check in' with my FourSquare app and they give you a free 1/2 dozen garlic knots.  I like these about as much as the pizza.  The are doused in garlic and parmesan and served up with a great marinara sauce.  This is my go-to pizza place!
5	I love pizza pie here! And great NY style pasta.
5	We ended up at this restaurant at the suggestion of the hotel we were staying at, about 5 blocks down the street.  The direction we approached it from seemed like this was not going to be what we were looking for.  As we came around the corner, it appeared to be a decent place, so we figured we would go in and give it a chance.  Our waitress was phenomenal.  She was super friendly and make some great recommendations.  As with any Italian restaurant, you get a lot of food.  Their bread and oil is to die for.  Garlic Knots are amazing.  I got the Eggplant Parm, which I thought was delicious.  The person I was with got one of their specials at the suggestion of the waitress, which he was loving the entire time.  We both ate well beyond the point we were full because the food was so good, but just couldn't stopI highly recommend this place.  And the next time I'm in Charlotte, this is one of the places I'm going, for sure.
4	My secret (not anymore) Italian cooking shame is that I cant make a decent white wine dish. When I saw the Linguini alle Vongole, I knew I had to try it and, man, did it not disappoint. The clams were diced up sure, but there were big chunks of meat that escaped the knife and were just heaven. The sauce was not overly oil dominated and had a really good citrus aftertaste. The noodles were al dente. All in all I was a very happy girl. It could have used some kick but that's why they put pepper flake on the table.The garlic knots were crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside with sizable chunks of garlic adhered. The red sauce that comes with was so good that I ate it with a spoon when the knots were gone. Our waitress forgot to bring the gratis bread until our food was already out but the knots more that made up for its absence.The atmosphere is pretty standard for an Italian restaurant, don't expect swank but don't fear grungy. They have Old Meck Copper on tap if you are a beer lover so that was a plus.All in all Villa Francesa put up a heck of a showing and I know I'll be returning in the not so distant future.
3	Ordered pizza for delivery....  I got a regular crust NY style pizza with sausage and mushrooms - it was good but not great, I've had better.  I think to get the best experience I am going to have to walk over and dine-in to get a better perspective on rating this place....but for now...3 stars for good but not great pizza.
4	The best pizza is the stuffed meat lovers! A must try! You have to ask for it because it's not in the menu (I think).  However, I tried a couple of other pasta dishes and I have to say that they're just average...very American-Italian, fast-foodsy.
5	This review comes from a native New Yorker that has traveled the country  and sampled supposed authentic Italian fair in almost every state in America. Well this place ranks near the top! Lynda and her daughter welcome you at the door to a warm, family establishment. Laughs and sounds of satisfaction ring throughout the entire place.I took my mother here for her birthday while visiting her for the weekend. She was looking for a dish of veal parmigiana and I was hoping that one place besides a small establishment in little Italy could make a satisfactory dish of shrimp parmigiana. We both left with our stomachs full and expectations fulfilled and then some. The mussel red sauce was hearty yet light and could be a entree with bread alone. The pomoro sauce on both parmigianas had a very fresh taste and the veal melted in your mouth within the first two bites. The super friendly staff, amazing meals and authentic atmosphere are second to none. The sauces, dishes and desserts will have you planning for your second trip back before you exit. A crown jewel of Charlotte! Lynda and her staff will make you feel like family and cook for you with the same love. 5 stars! PS...do not leave without trying the fried cheesecake. Simply phenomenal.
3	I'm with Nicole. I don't want to give Villa Francesca 3 stars because despite not being impressed by the food, I really liked the place. It had hustle 'n bustle in a NY-style kinda way. Perhaps I should have gone with the specialty - pizza - but instead I went for the mussels. They were over-cooked and under-seasoned. My husband ordered the eggplant parmigiana. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either.On the plus side, our server was cool and attentive. We also enjoyed the wine and complementary bread. I think we'll be back to give it another go.
4	After my 1st time here I was ready to write them off completely, but have since been back many times and am really glad I gave it another shot.  The 1st time I got spaghetti with meatballs, it was bad.  The marinara sauce was just terrible but the meatballs were good.Eventually I went back and had pizza, it's good, not my fave in Charlotte but definitely good.  Calzones are great, I've tried a few pastas and they have all been delicious, meatball wedge was great, if a lot oversauced.  Service is friendly, prices are decent, its only a few miles from my apt, its my go to local for no frills Italian!!
3	pretty good food. prices are what you would expect from NON-FAST-PIZZA PLACES (IE PIZZA HUT, DOMINOES, PAPA JOHNS)my only gripe is the Delivery time... WOOOOW!!!, We ordered delivery a while ago and I felt like I should have walked somewhere to get a bag of chips and a drink while we waited. Called, waited, waited, weighted, waited, then weighted some more. I couldn't Wait nor Weight any longer... DING DONG.. they arrived right before I walked into the lights...lmaoOnly happed once and didn't have anything to do with my rating. I don't like to rate based off ONE or TWO times. Especially if I go often. Go enjoy,,,.... Cheers
4	Amazing food and a very nice dining area.  Wait staff friendly, fast, accommodating.  I had the lunch sided baked ziti, just perfect.  Will be back to try the pizza lunch special.Stop driving past this place every day; stop in for a treat.  Great wine selection for dinner of course.
4	Great local spot. We HAVE to support these locally-owned businesses who are trying to hard to get it right for us, Charlotte. The money you spend at the Epicenter leaves town about as fast as you spend it - and flows to other states and large companies based outside of NC. Here are VF, you keep it in Charlotte, you support entrepreneurs, and you enjoy great food in a quiet, ambiance with character.Penne ala vodka is one of my favorite dishes. The starter bread is great - and there is a nice small patio on the front side so that you can enjoy some vino in the fresh air. Well done - can only hope more folks find out about this 'hidden spot' and spread the word. Trivia for you? The restaurant is named after the owner's daugher, Francesca, who serves there.
5	I can't believe I made the mistake of living a couple blocks away for 9 months before finally trying this place. I've long lamented Charlotte's distinct lack of affordable, independent Italian restaurants and here, 5 minutes walk from my home was this Elysium of Mediterranean awesomeness.I went with my girlfriend, who happens to be a foodie from the Greater Philly area, which I'm quite sure is enough to qualify her as a de facto expert on Italian cuisine. We were both highly impressed every step of the way. We ordered the fried calamari appetizer and were presented with what can best be described as little rings of crispy perfection...and marinara, of course. The only calamari I've ever had that came close was from an outdoor restaurant in Marrakech. (Pro-tip: don't order squid in landlocked, Islamic cities. Whether or not the Koran forbids squid may be debatable. What is certain is that, however delicious, you will get sick. I leave it to you to work out the cost-benefit analysis there).Her Chicken Francese with fettuccine was the sort of thing that might have been painted on the Sistine Chapel ceiling had Michelangelo not been employed by clerics to paint religious imagery instead. Might The Creation of Adam have been painted with a flying fettuccine monster in place of God? Alas, we will never know.My Chicken Marsala with gnocchi was even better. Sorry for having to be so terse about it. I can say no more without getting choked up, and I'm at work. Just order it. It will change you.In true American fashion, the servings were so large we both had plenty left over to take home but couldn't resist putting Villa Francesca through the ultimate test of Italian restaurants, the cannoli. Having never had one that wasn't soggy, way too sweet or both, I was doubtful I'd enjoy it. Wrong again, Bob! They don't fill their cannoli until they're ordered and for once, I didn't feel like I was flirting with diabetes with each bite. It was transcendent. I will have to try the pizza next. If everything I've tried so far is any indication, I've probably found my new favorite pizza place as well. And to think, I've been going to Fuel all this time!
5	Holy freakin Napoli, Batman! The Authentic NY pie is just that... AUTHENTIC! Since living in Italy many years ago I have been searching high and low looking for that elusive Napoli stye pizza and have found it! Praise be to the pizza Gods! It took me back to a fantastic time and place.Seriously.. .a really good pizza. We had the Authentic NY, which is an 18" pie and it had 8 huge yet very thin, yummy, juices running down your arm, foldable slices. I was truly in pizza heaven for a minute.Next thing on the menu that I will try is the Grandma pie. I've seen some good reviews on that one. Lucky for me... they deliver to my house and my office.Buon Appetito!
5	I almost never want to eat anywhere else again.Eating in Charlotte, period, made me realize how much it sucks eating in Philly (funny how snobby we are about our food).  Sure, things aren't made the same, and there is a lot of stuff we have that other places don't.... but I've come to realize what we have that other places don't have as much of is additives and gobs and gobs of unhealthy stomach decay.Anyway, this place was fantastic.  My girlfriend and I each had a hero (I had a chicken with broccoli rabe) and they were both OUTSTANDING.  The best (note: freshest) tasting sandwiches I have had in YEARS.  I also started with one of the best soups I have ever had in a small yet fast paced, almost chain, restaurant like this.  I would have eaten here based on the food alone for our entire vacation if I could have.I have never thought this legitimately before this experience, but the waitress was almost TOO friendly, and made sure we were constantly taken care of.For this service and all of this good food (plus about 4 ice teas) the bill was only 23.something..... I WAS FLOORED.  The atmosphere is fun, clean and neat, with a sports theme for sports heads, and yet still very family oriented.  I have a hard time recalling a typical-day dining experience I have ever enjoyed quite as much!The only small complaint I could make was that the parking was confusing, but that was a mistake on my part.  Go here if you are in the area!
2	Coming from new jersey I had high hopes when I saw they had chicken and shrimp parm sandwiches.  I was quickly let down once it was delivered. The chicken and the shrimp themselves were ok nothing great but they worked.  The sauce and cheese though tasted like it came right out of the jar and bag.
5	I finally got around to trying the pizza. Oh. My. God. I just wanna rub it all over my body. Seriously, I don't so much eat the "grandma pizza" as make sweet, sweet love to it.So, if that mental picture didn't just ruin your appetite I'd highly recommend getting some pizza there. NOW!
5	Best pizza in Charlotte! Bar none.
5	Best pizza in Charlotte...!
4	Nice atmosphere, right uptown. Great spot for pizza in Charlotte! (They also have good wings)
1	I agree with Marc G. that Charlotte lacks simple, good Italian food in an unfussy way. We love Fiamma, but don't feel we could go there in a tshirt and jeans, even though the pricing is the same as Villa Francesca. So the vibe at VF is casual enough to fit the bill, but their pasta dishes are lacking the quality we wanted.I visited once and was uninspired by the pizza because of canned mushrooms on the pizza and didn't care to go back but we were craving casual italian and Yelp reviews were pretty good so we gave it another shot.  We got 4 pasta dishes - chicken parmesan, fettucine alfredo, lasagna and eggplant parmesan. We were really disappointed with the greasiness of all the dishes. There seemed to be no eggplant in the eggplant parm- just disgusting fried breading layered and layered over again.  The fettuccine alfredo was rich yet unsatisfying.  The lasagna had a lot of sausage in it so the spiciness was nice but the ricotta and mozz in it just made it seem slimy. Despite the large portions we left hungry and irritated.  On the plus side, the service was very friendly and attentive! The search goes on...
5	Establishment was clean.  Waitress was friendly.  I had lunch today here and I will be coming back for more.  I had the veal parmigiana with spaghetti.  I the veal was moist and crispy while under a decent scoop of marinara sauce and cheese.   I have to give thumbs up to the staff because the chef that made my lunch saw that the waitress was busy so he delivered my meal himself.  I plan on coming back to try the pizza!
1	I was actually embarassed for this place after our experience on Saturday evening.  I am not typically one to write horrible reviews as every restaurant has an off night or two, however the service and quality of food we experienced was absolutely unexcuseable. Here are some tips if you are dining with a party larger than a couple;-Absolutely do not order dessert as an appetizer...this will completely throw off the server and he will appear very displeased that someone would possibly think of ordering tiramisu as their meal. Shame on you. -Avoid the steamed broccoli (smelled like cigarettes) and gnocchi (also known as marinara soup), -Do not even think about ordering a slice of pizza on Friday or Saturday nights (this is NOT ALLOWED)-If you do order a pizza...be sure to clarify your toppings several times.  If not, your pizza will be sent back through the pizza oven again with any toppings left off the first time (this is clearly your own fault).  The result is crust as chewy as an eraser. Delicious. -Be sure to arrange your party's ordering and requests around the server's smoke breaks-Order as many drinks as you think you will want when you first get there...any refills or additional rounds you will have to order from the bar yourself (see above for smoke break scheduling)-Upon conclusion of the meal, the server will stress several times as he is passing out your checks that he did not charge you gratuity EVEN THOUGH you are a very larger party-By no means are you allowed to stay past 10:30, the restaurant staff will show their unhappiness with you by stacking every single chair that is not occupied on top of the tables.  Oh, and the cooks will also begin busing whatever is left in front of you...whether you are eating it or not. Enjoy Villa Francesca!
5	I LOVE the pizza here, but I am IN LOVE with the Spinach Roll (made fresh to order). If I were on "Best Thing I Ever Ate", no matter what the category of food (cake, pie, fast food, dog food, etc.) I'm going to say "the spinach roll at Villa Francesca!!!" It's just so good to me! OMG. I usually go on my lunch break when I eat there, and I always have the same waitress. I should probably ask her name huh? One of the best pizza places in Charlotte. The magic is in their sauce! Simply wonderful! It's not health food by any means (Obviously) but I encourage everyone to eat here. EAT THE ROLL!!!!!SN: They have a full bar now!!! #BOOM
4	Synopsis: Uptown, parking is terrible, inside is simple, apps are OK, service is good, prices are fair. 'Nuff said.Here's where the bulk of your time should be spent: The Grandma Pizza.DUDE. I don't know who's grandma this is/was, but I love her. I'd venture to say she's cooler than my grandma....and my grandma is really freaking cool. The sauce is divine. Balanced well on all levels. Acid, sweet, garlic, and mild. Also, consistently plopped on top of the pie. The cheese is a killer mix and gets nice and crispy along the edges. Then you make it to the crust...my favorite part. A pizza place that isn't scared of making a well-done pie is AWESOME in my book. A flatter style calls for a more well-done finish, in my opinion. It was pure delight. I can see why so many rave about this pie. Read Justin's review. Pretty much how I feel. If you don't try the Grandma Pizza, let's never hang out.
5	The picture of the Grandma slice and the reviews made me drive 28 miles to try it.  Got there early evening before dinner rush.  Sat down, and rather than order a pizza I perused the slices.  They didn't have Sicilian slices at this particular time so I ordered one of the 4 remaining Grandma slices as well as a regular slice, specifically requesting one from the uncut pie instead of the solo slice that was sitting by itself.  The lady, whose pleasant smile and great , friendly attitude was appreciated obliged and I sat down, ordered a glass of wine, along with some garlic rolls, and was poised to see if the drive during my short visit was worth it.   Since it was clear that the slices weren't made in the previous 30 minutes or so, I was prepared to cut them some slack....but that wasn't necessary.  The Grandma lived up to the billing on these reviews and the regular slice was solid too (Grandma an easy winner).  Garlic rolls were fluffy fresh and tasty and the accompanying marinara delicious (very good waiter confirmed that's the same sauce served w pasta).  Ordered a coke and Grandma slice to go, packed the two remaining garlic rolls and left as a very happy customer.  I highly recommend this place.  Second Grandma slice never had a chance of making it to hotel as it was consumed within 10 minutes of leaving.
2	What a let-down, I just do not agree with the rest of the reviews at all. We ordered the famous "Grandma's Pizza" which is not very thin or crispy, but rather soggy with an unpleasant salty/sweet tomato sauce dolloped generously atop.  I am not exaggerating when I say this was on-par with chain pizza....which I am not a fan of. The crust tasted exactly like Pizza Hut.  If I am paying nearly $18 for a cheese pizza (which I would gladly do by the way) I anticipate that it will be  worth the price. This was really just bad...in fact my large box of leftovers will most likely be tossed.  My fiance who is not picky at all when it comes to food, and especially pizza, said it was some of the worst he's had ever, and I agree (though admittedly I am more picky when it comes to pizza) . Based on all the reviews I have to wonder if we just got a bad pie? The Pros- really nice server, a little slow but made up with her personality.  The calamari itself was tasty but again the bad salty/sweet marinara was served with it. The place itself is cute. The Cons- the really bad pizza...and my coke had a mysterious lemon seed in it, kind of gross.
4	Pepperoni Calzone is my favorite. Food is slightly better than average but the service is great that's what gives them 4 stars. Anywhere can have average to good food, the service is what brings people back. I highly recommend them for lunch.
4	Went with a living social deal, but I would definatelty return without one. I ordered fettuccine alfredo and my husband ordered a pepperoni calzone. The portions were too large to finish. We went on a Friday and the place filled up quick, so go early. Next time I go, I will try the sicilian pizza. Also, great service!
4	Went to the restaurant because we had a Groupon. We had a nice dinner, the service was very fast ... we were served bread and oil and a couple of minutes later our appetizer came out. We ordered calamari and it was pretty good ... a very large portion for the two of us to finish. The entrees were good they were just overloaded with cheese. The restaurant was a little bit on the loud side, but to be fair it was a pretty busy night when we went. Our waiter was friendly. We were also lucky enough to snag a parking spot right at the front of the restaurant!
3	I was in the neighborhood the other day and decided to stop in here with a coworker to grab a bite of lunch.   They had a pretty good selection of lunch specials and I decided to try the Chicken & Eggplant Panini which was served with a small side Greek salad.  The Panini was huge and pretty tasty.  The salad was nice and fresh and the vinaigrette was tasty.  The service was a little slow, but the food was pretty good and reasonably priced.
2	I have to agree with Shauna.  My wife and I walked from the downtown Marriott last Saturday evening to this place as we saw a four star review on Yelp. The host was very friendly and our waiter was very nice, however he was not attentive at all.We both decided to order chicken francese.    It was drowning in sauce, they did not reduce it. Instead, it tasted like they tried to thicken it with a ton of corn starch which ruined the flavor completely.  This dish takes a while to make properly, so I knew when it came out in five minutes it could not be right.  The chicken is supposed to be dredged in flour, then dipped in an egg wash and fried to a light golden brown, then put back into the sauce while it thickens.  None of this happened. To top it all off, the waiter having to have noticed that neither one of us ate even half of our meal, never said a word to us. Just brought us the check.  I do not recommend.I forgot to mention, that we were never offered a second glass of wine. I've seen this on other reviews as well.  They are in the business to make money, I was willing to give them more but with the unattended service, the bad food, and the fact that our waiter simply didn't care that we did not enjoy our meal or send a manager over is quite frankly unbelievable.
2	Honestly I looked at this menu and their pictures on their website and my mouth was watering for this place for days. I will say I will more than likely not be back. I would not say terrible, but I have had a lot better and at a better price. I had the chicken Parmesan. The portions are ginormous so you will more than likely have left overs. Which I love for lunch the next day or even a late night snack. However the marinara on the angel hair pasta was too runny, it was almost like water. This water leaked all over the plate and just made everything watery. Our service was good, but the table behind us had a server that stayed on his phone the entire time. He just stood there either texting or web surfing until they left. Staff did tell them to have a nice evening and blah blah blah, but that server didn't say anything. He removed himself from the phone to finally get the tip. It was a little rude. So here is not my favorite, they do have potential though but I will most likeley be eating Italian else ware.
5	This is a cute place. Food and service is excellent.   Will be coming back on our next visit to NC.
3	Typical pizza joint just stepped up a bit... imagine real flowers on the table , nice wine selection. They have some pizza specials , but also allow you to make your own pizza. You start with cheese and then its' 2.50 per topping.. I thought that was a bit excessive for some toppings. We stuck to the basic's and ordered a pepperoni, and half cheese half meat lovers pizza. They were a bit salty even for me and I love salt but overall ok. I think this would be a good option for maybe a work lunch if your uptown or a quick bite to eat , but I wouldn't driver over 15 mins to get here, probably more pizza options locally for me. Parking is weird there are a few spaces in the front but you best bet is to go around the side of the building. They have special spaces marked just for the restaurant. Might venture back to try some more of their other selections beside pizza if I'm in the area.
4	This Italian restaurant was based on a personal recommendation from a colleague of mine while I was staying in Charlotte.  We had been out and about all day and wanted good Italian that wasn't too fancy.  Knowing it was in Uptown Charlotte, we thought it may have been upscale.  It was not.  I was a fun, casual open dining area with a visible kitchen, excellent service and top notch Italian.  From the garlic knots, to the sausage and peppers to the meat calzone, the whole dining experience was excellent.Very impressive marinara sauce and the dough was cooked just right.Top recommendation for this little family friend Italian restaurant in the heart of Charlotte.  It is located just behind the Time Warner Arena. The prices are very reasonable from 7.00 for a calzone to 12 - 19 for specialty pizzas.  Entries are 10.95 to 17.95.Great prices for the quality and quantity of food.
5	This place has a pizza with incredible complexity and an appreciation for the science that goes into building a balance and full flavor that really offers much more involvement in eating than pizza normally conjures up. It's not just a pie here. It's so much more.
1	AWFUL experience. Purchased a groupon to find out they don't honor them anymore they have a sign on the door. This was obviously a red flag considering I purchased it last month. While deciding if we even wanted to try the place out, the owner came out and started talking negatively about groupon and living social. Then when I told her that we wouldn't have even heard about this place if it wasn't for Groupon, she says "Well, you can't go to a restaurant and eat for free!" I never said that... However, plenty of people use Groupon to try new places out, if the food and service is good, we come back and have no problem paying full price for the service. The manner the owner handled was so unprofessional, I decided we wouldn't eat there. I can believe the negative reviews just in my dealing with my owner. Never talk badly about other businesses and never make your potential customers feel inadequate because you had an issue with the company that referred them.
1	Food is ok. Service is ok. That's about all I will say, or want to say about this business. Came in last night for a decent meal on a holiday budget. It was our first time here and will definitely be our last. After finishing up our meal, tried to use a Living Social deal I've had for a number of months. Guy looks at me like I had two heads and said he'd be right back. I already knew it was going to an issue so of course he back and tells me "I wish you would've showed me this when you first sat down". Yeah. Because everyone with one of these deals makes a note of it before the check comes out..? I go on to ask the guy more about it. "I mean, its already paid bud, how are you not going to honor it?" Guy tells me it's Living Socials fault and they gave them a quantity to sell and they ignored it and sold more. He also told me there was a note on the door when we walked in and said I had to take it up with Living Social. Ok whatever.The kicker is, walking out, there was no note on the door at all. They had a "specials" sheet that they put on the table with their menu- do you think there was a note on that? NO. How about announcing they stopped accepting them before placing our order? Nope. The whole ordeal was sketchy to say the least. Guess I have to go back to Living Social now, complain, and probably still not get my money back. Oh and that's after spending well over what I hoped to pay out of pocket at the restaurant. But happy holidays Villa Francesca!
4	We were in town for a show at the Time Warner Cable Arena and were in the mood for Italian food after driving 12 hours to Charlotte from the northeast.  Started with a gorgonzola salad with a nice balsamic vinaigrette and then had the thin crust pizza.  We liked it a lot and really enjoyed it as we had a couple drinks.  The bartender was experimenting, making some different syrups from scratch, and had us try a couple things since we had been drinking vodka tonics with a splash of fruit.  Tried a homemade grenadine and a ginger mix, both very good and we appreciated the special treatment in being guniea pigs.  I read some of the previous reviews, and we definitely had a nice experience compared to what others experienced in the past.  Maybe they have new employees (kitchen and waitstaff) and you should give it another chance.  We'll be back next time we're in town for sure.
4	A crispy and chewy pie all in one.  I'm not sure how I'd classify the Grandma Pizza, but I would say it's tasty.  The service and other dishes can be hit or miss here, but the Grandma Pizza is really good.The sauce is sweet, the cheese is salty, the garlic is just right, but the texture, the chew...spot on and enjoyable.I love this pizza!
1	Don't do it! The service is terrible.  I sat without a refill on water for over 5 minutes while my server stood at the food station. I asked the hostess for water and rather than filling it up she went and alerted the server.  Rather than coming to fill up my drink he greeted another table.  We also ordered garlic knots which never arrived.  I am very envious of the tables with bottles of water for refills and fresh baskets of bread. I will not be returning.
3	We came here after a happy hour, fortunately we were able to walk across the street as the parking lot is quite small for the amount of seats.  Metered street parking is available for free after 6 though in the area.  The last time I visited, it was more of cozy, yet traditional pizzeria, but I guess they've remodeled into a more modern space as you can see with some of the recent pictures shared.  As the decor changed, so has their menu.  We were only able to eat off the dinner menu which had your plethora of Italian dishes, pastas, flatbreads, pizza, etc.  But I decided on the pizza as the dinner entrees were a little too pricey.  They have a selection of different style pizzas for ~$20 for the large 18" round pizza (half meat lovers and half chicken parm).  This and a dozen order of garlic knots was enough to feed us 4.  The knots were pretty good as it appeared we received some fresh ones that weren't tough.The service was average, despite the place being practically empty, we did have to call over our waitress to fill the waters.  Otherwise she was good.I would come back again and try their other pizzas, unless there's another dish someone recommends that's a MUST TRY.
5	I had great service I'm not sure why other people didn't. The food is amazing the restaurant looks great. The food is awesome and reasonably priced. I will come back often.
5	I lived in Uptown Charlotte for 5 years. It was always a treat to visit Villa. Try the Grandma pizza and thank me later.
4	Delicious food! My fave is baked ziti. I eat here a lot. The only thing really lacking is the service. The last time I was there the waitress never brought bread and I had to get up to request she refill our drinks because they were empty for a long time.
1	I have been a long time patron of Villa Francesca since around 2009. The service has always been hit or miss, but the food was good and reasonably priced. Recently, I visited Villa Francesca and was greeted with a new menu; still the same food, just everything raised $3-$4 in price. When we began to place our order, our waiter said "Do you guys have any appointments or anything tonight? Because the kitchen is really backed up." We said it was fine and ordered two pasta dishes. After waiting over an hour for my $17 plate, I was disappointed to bite into icy frozen broccoli. The waiter apologized and had it fixed immediately, but that doesn't remedy the issue that I am paying $17 for pasta and frozen vegetables. Also ordered chocolate cake and asked for it warm. The waiter brought cold cake and said "I couldn't bring it hot because when I put it in the microwave, it completely melted."Sad to say I will have to say goodbye to this Italian restaurant that I have enjoyed for years.
2	For an Uptown restaurant on a Saturday night, it was a bit slow.Although, two stars seems a little mean, yelp classifies it as, and I quote "Meh. I've experienced better." Which pretty much sums up my meal and the meals of the 10 other people at the table.I had a forgettable manicotti which is regrettable since it was one of my fonder Italian restaurant dishes when I was a wee & not so wee lad. The memories come flooding back. The old school Italian restaurant with red tablecloths, dim lighting & Frank Sinatra playing. The oversized plates piping hot with good quality ricotta stuffed into homemade shells. Dad yelling at the waitress because the coupon was expired, but actually upset that his marriage had fallen apart. Good times.Most of the other dishes failed to impress, at least visually. There just felt to be a laziness about the food. The sauce seemed watery as did the cheese. I'm aware that  there will always be water when pasta is present, but it was too wet. Overall, a bland experience and not quite enough food. I know know. It's that old chestnut: "The food's terrible here!" "I know! And such small portions." Though, not terrible, it was merely average.
4	This is my go to spot after work for a drink and dinner, and I love it. I ordered through foodie call on my day off today, and had mixed feelings. The baked ziti was great and big enough that I saved half for dinner, but the garlic bread was seriously disappointing, not even close to the kind that I've had in the restaurant and LOVE. I finally tried the cannoli as well, and was pleasantly surprised by it. I really only ordered it to get the "$15 minimum" and save it for dessert later in the night. I believe I've heard they do not make the desserts in house, but for this cannoli I'm okay with that. I don't like cannoli filling in general, but this one was delicious!
4	On our ongoing conquest to find decent pizza delivery to our Uptown apartment, we found this menu in our stack and gave it a go last night. We ordered our standard- veggie pizza and a salad- and were told it would take 45 minutes. I'm pretty sure it only took 30, which is a plus. So here's the thing... the pizza is HUGE. One size. They only have one size. The gorgonzola salad was pretty delicious, and so was the pizza- better than the other deliveries we have had. I was only able to eat two of the HUGE pieces, and we still had over half of it left. I won't complain about leftover pizza, considering I do love leftover pizza... but it's a little funny that there's only the one, really big, huge size.
4	Yum! I enjoyed a basic New York pepperoni pie and they definitely did it justice. Loved the crust and the sauce. Also tried the house sangria, a bit sweet for me but it was just about right after adding some freshly-squeezed lemon juice. I'm looking forward to returning to try some of the pasta dishes and the infamous Grandma 'za. Oh, and for uptown this is unusual - parking is actually a viable option, and it's free.
1	The hours say they are open until 1am on Saturday night. I called in at 10:55pm and was told they close at 11pm and were done for the night.
2	Don't get it. Ordered their "famous" Grandma...not impressed. Very chewy dry dough and crust. No flakiness at all. And while the sauce has some peppery zing- it was extremely acidic as well. Service great, but all told 2 stars.
2	Been on my wishlist for sometime and today after Church, my wife and I along with my Sister-in-Law decided to try it for Sunday Lunch.  The food is good but you can't enjoy the food for the volume of the music.  Asked the server if they could turn it down but she came back and informed us that the reciever was in the Manager's Office, he was not there and the door was locked.Came in with a slight allergy headache and left with a throbing one.  If you have ever worked in a rock quarry, they are quiter that this was. Noise level was so high, the server could not even get my order right.  I ordered a Veal Parm Hero and ended up with a full Platter of Veal Parm that ws very good.  My wife ordered one of the other entrees and ended up with the smaller Hero. Only one who got what she asked for was my Sister-in-Law but how do you mix up a baked Ziti.  In anycase, the reason for the mixup was that the server could not hear us even though we were yelling our orders.This could be a good place.  Decor is modern industrial, food is a modern touch on Classical Italian dishes. Very good.  While I am a child of the 60's, the music or rather radio selection does not compliment the Italian Cusine thene.Will probably give them another shot as soon as my hearing returns.
4	While I kind of liked the pre-renovation homier feel, the updates to the restaurant are nice.  The interior is more modern, and the menu has been expanded.  They still have the same good thin NY style pizza, as well as my personal favorites: EGGPLANT ROLL and EGGPLANT PARM HERO.  If you don't think you like eggplant, give one of these a try.  Even my hard core carnivore friends are hooked.  The eggplant is very thinly sliced, breaded and fried, so you get none of the eggplant questionable texture in these dishes.  I don't know if the recipe has changed, or merely my perception, but I found the eggplant roll recently was lighter and poufier than previous versions.  Thin slices of fried eggplant, mozzarella and a bit of sauce wrapped in a poufy delicious crust = delicious.  Eggplant parm hero contains the same ingredients but in sandwich form.  The bread is lightly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  I add grilled onions for another level of tastiness.  Both of these dishes are very filling; I can't eat the whole dish in one sitting.  Pizza, Rolls, Heros ... all of these are great taken to-go as they reheat well (and possibly better than fresh).  Parking in front of the restaurant requires feeding the meter (although I've never been ticketed when I didn't), but there is plenty of free parking behind the restaurant.
5	Absolutely love it. The owners are so nice, service is always awesome and the food is fantastic. We almost always get the Brick Oven pizza which is dotted with fresh mozzarella, homemade sauce, basil, olive oil and spices. Comes out piping hot with a thin but not too-thin crust that's like heaven. No wait, actually the side order of vodka sauce we order to dip our crust in is heaven. I haven't had any pizza in Charlotte and surrounding that can even come close to this. SO awesome. Think I will have to go there this week after thinking about that pizza!!
5	Oh man. The momma pizza is so delicious. The sauce is tangy. This is a great place to go for a large family gathering. They don't mind if you have a lot of kids around. We go to Imaginon or Levine Museum of New South after it a lot (pizza and museums/libraries? That is awesomeness). The parking is also easy.Now, I did give it 5 stars because I don't see a reason not to. This isn't the BEST pizza in Charlotte though. To be totally honest, I don't know what the best pizza in Charlotte is.
1	This place is no longer Villa Francesca it is now Italian on 7th. All new menu with maybe two plain pasta dishes. They've decided to go "upscale". Can't review the food because I didn't stay to try it.
