4	With it's swanky lago, clean and crisp interior and the odd incense stick burning away on the counter, The Curry Leaf is a refreshing alternative to your usual take-away curry. Out of ideas and with little patience to cook for myself I've opted for The Curry Leaf's classic lamb rogan josh on many occasion, followed by their light and fluffy naan breads.The classic dishes are inexpensive and with a home delivery service I see no reason to claim that The Curry Leaf offers everything you could possibly want from a Indian take-away service. Top stuff.
4	Hoocha wawa.  My take-away heaven. Fresh, simple and hot! The curry leaf in Bruntsfield is so unlike the standard take-aware fare that it deserves it's own yellow pages category.  I don't stray too much up and down the menu these days, sticking with the gourmet jalfresi and a brace of chapati. It's damn hot, but gets those endorphins screaming.  What's more it's licensed to sell beer so you're never going to get caught out at home sucking an ice cube and crying like a baby when you've chewed through a chilli. Portions are big, but probably match the price. I'm not a huge fan of the rice-the first couple of times I ordered i felt I had to have it, but I think it's better with a couple of chapatti now.I'm going to keep on coming back until my chilli gland shrivels and dies and leaves me to korma hell.
1	No Cure for Common ColdI wanted a really spicy curry to clear me of the dangers of the imminent cold I felt coming on, and was driving home from work through Bruntsfield. Knowing very little about the curry houses of brunters I took pot luck at this place.It's a well presented take away, which was part of the allure, and I had heard about them before. The menu was relatively standard, and I chose a Jalfrezi as I know this is a standard safe bet spicy number. Garlic Naan and a couple side dishes - yes I know, I am a pig.So, firstly, flavour levels were low, particularly in the curry, naan was fine and sides were a complete non-event. Secondly, there was next to no spice in this curry, now I know the brits apparently can't handle spice, but I can, and was bitterly disappointed at the lack of effort here.Seriously, take my advice and don't waste your time.
