4	Ok, so after much anticipation after recently finding out about the new Firefly thanks to my good friend Blanche, we made the trip downtown last night to give it a shot. This locations opened up this past Friday so we went on the 5th night of business for them. My experience went as follows:1. Had to park in self-parking at the plaza ($5) because I pulled up to the "Firefly" valet sign and sat there for a few minutes before giving up on anybody coming to get my car. The Plaza self-parking is scary and leaves the entranceway to the casino on the third floor leaves you in a deserted area that eerily quiet.2. Upon arrival at Firefly I was impressed by the overall layout and atmosphere of the space.  Took some of the ambiance from the original Firefly on Paradise and added its own touch as well.3. The staff was very friendly from the start!4. Sat down in the "dome" area overlooking Freemont Street (very cool view). Not many people there.... maybe 2 or 3 other tables in the whole place were occupied.5. Faryn was our server and she was awesome (and cute).6. Blanche ordered the usual pitcher of red sangria while I ordered a Washington Apple (drink not shot) and we ordered some Firefly Fries to start us off. My drink came and was green (Washington Apple is usually a dark red) Faryns only mistake of the night was putting in an order for an Apple Martini instead of Washington Apple. She apologized but the drink tasted good so I kept it.7. While waiting for Fries and looking at Menu we decided to order the Empanadas (Pork) and the Roasted eggplant cannelloni.8. Fries took longer than they do at the original Firefly and seemed to be a smaller portion and not very hot. Somewhat disappointing.9. The other dishes came out and were very good! Lots of flavor and nice presentation.10. We then ordered the Firefly fish sticks and the Fried Shrimp. They didn't quite make the same impression. The fish sticks were a bit smaller than I remember and the shrimp left much to be desired for the price. Only 4 shrimp and some greens for $8.11. We finished up there and settled our check. Faryn came over and talked to us for a bit. She was very friendly throughout the evening and made many suggestions on things to try on the menu.12. We took off and made our way back through the eery hallways... where someone was sleeping on a chair... funny but creepyOverall I gave it 4 stars. My reasoning is it was not bad enough to give 3 stars to but not good enough for 5. And unfortunately there are no half stars otherwise probably would have done 3 and a half. There is much room for improvement here and I will be going back in a month or so to see if they improve. It has only been open a few days so they have to work the kinks out. They received the nod up to four stars because of the overall experience and the friendliness of the staff as well as the fact that the original Firefly is one of my favorites and I strongly believe this one will get on the right track.Oh and I will post pictures soon!
4	Its a 4 because we really needed a place like this on Freemont. Its in the Plaza hotel so just close your eyes and run through to the restaurant. If you like Firefly on Paradise you will love this new one in the Plaza. Same food plus an AMAZING view! The view makes Firefly on Paradise look like a hole in the wall. Wish Firefly could have had their own bathroom or at least remodeled the one near the restaurant to fit the firefly motif.
4	Firefly on Paradise has been on my to do list for awhile. Even many of my non-Yelper friends had heard of it. There's just so many places to eat in Las Vegas that we never got around to it. Well, this trip we found ourselves staying at the Golden Gate across the street from the Plaza. Our local friend wanted to take us to Firefly on Paradise, but we convinced her to come over and try the new location at the Plaza. A side note: the Plaza and Vegas Club have both recently been cleaned up a bit and are actually pretty neat places to play now. They have both opened party pits and gotten some newer games. Vegas Club has Atari themed slot machines!Anyways, we show up and are quickly seated in the dome. There are a few other patrons, but it is far from busy. Most of the patrons looked like people who came specifically to eat at Firefly. The restaurant is on the second floor of the Plaza, so they probably don't get too many people who just stumble upon the place. We started with eight items to be shared between the four of us. Actually it was more like 5 items since we had 4 orders of the bacon wrapped dates because we each wanted an order to ourselves. They were pretty good, but sweeter than I was expecting. We also had a soup, baked cheese, spicy potatoes, and skewers, They were decent. I found the serving size at Firefly to be a little bigger than other tapas places I have been to. We ended up ordering sliders and clams as well. Overall, I have mixed feelings about the food. I think part of it was due to the hype. Nothing really blew me away. I was also hoping for more Spanish dishes on the menu instead of duck egg rolls, sliders, and mac and cheese.On the other hand, the sangria was very good. I had the red and the sparkling. I liked the sparkling a little better, but both were great. You could tell that they had been marinating for awhile. Lots of places claim they marinate for days, but you can tell they probably did it that morning. They definitely marinate it for a proper amount of time at Firefly. Service was also very good. The Plaza and Vegas Club have been running great hotel promotions lately with rooms as cheap as $19 a night. The casino was busier than I have seen the past few years. Every time I walked by the buffet, it was packed. It is a shame that Firefly does not seem to benefit from the added business. They need to draw in more of the folks passing through the Plaza or staying at one of the other downtown hotels.We ended up paying $35 each and being only kind of full. We like tapas and knew what we were getting ourselves into, but even then I still feel it is slightly overpriced for what you get which keeps me from giving them a better rating. If not for the sangria and awesome view I might have rated them 3 stars.
4	We were walking around Fremont Street for the first time and ran across this place. The food was amazing and the view of Fremont Street has to be the best there is. Our group of four ordered about 6 different tapas dishes and the sangria. Absolutely all of it was great. Fun atmosphere, amazing views, great food, helpful/friendly staff and good prices. What more could you want from a night out?
5	Yummy!This is a place that serves "tapas" (read: mini appetizers) and they are tasty, nicely presented, and appropriately priced. They have some fancy flavored martinis and a few main-course dishes as well, all served to you overlooking the colorful lights and fat tourists of Fremont Street. I had a caramel apple martini which gave me a nice buzz and we had bacon-wrapped dates which were AWESOME, a small bowl of thick, creamy tomato-basil soup that is served with a mini grilled brie-cheese sandwich on a sweet-tasting bread, and a big bowl of paella complete with clams, mussels, and shrimp. The atmosphere is a cross between romantic and trendy and this place is definetly affordable.
4	I wanted to check this place out because of all the great reviews on Yelp.  I was not disappointed in the least!  The hubby and I stopped in for a "snack" which ended up being more like dinner because we decided to order a 2nd round of tapas since we enjoyed what we got.  The only thing that wasn't great was the mushroom tart - I think it was too runny and made the pastry soggy.  We had the red sangria and it was very tasty.The service was ok.  Our server disappeared for long intervals for some reason but managed to come back just as we would start to become restless and annoyed.  Overall, I give it a thumbs-up!  I look forward to visiting again next time I'm in Vegas.
4	I went to this Firefly while staying in downtown Vegas and I didn't like it as much as the other Firefly but I don't know why.  The decor was different but nice and the food was just as good, maybe it was just in an odd spot.  The service was ok and Sangria was YUMMY but took forever to come.  The white Sangria wasn't that good.  You won't be disappointed that is for sure! Just make sure you try the meat empanadas and red sangria.... mmmmm
4	If you are a fan of Tapas and are looking in Vegas, Firefly is the place to be. Yummy Yummy Yummy. With the all window atmosphere, our evening meal was super cool due to the Fremont Experience (like in the picture). The service was fast and our waitress super nice. We left after feasting! We all picked 3 tapas while in retrospect we had wished we only picked 2... there was A LOT of food.
5	Love the atmosphere, love the food. The restaurant is dark and uses dim lights and candlelight to give the perfect setting for a great evening. Rich red colors are used throughout the restaurant reminds me a little of DCR. I went with a friend and we started off with the Firefly fries which are really good. We also ordered lamb chops, ahi tuna skewers, filet minon sliders, garlic shrimp, and several others that slip my mind right now. I also had two of their Mojitos which are awesome. I love mojitos and I would say I have found two places in town which make them very well. My favorit still are the mojitos at The Abbey in West Hollywood, but when I am here I will stick to Firefly. Although I did not pay the bill I estimate our total to be between 50 and 75 dollars. A little pricey, but split between 2 or more people it isn't that bad. I love that the restaurant is enclosed in the glass dome of the Plaza hotel, very unique. I recommend all who have been to the location on paradise, or have never been, visit the new downtown locations.
4	great addition to Downtown ! I am a firefly on Paradise fan , to expand the ops to Downtown where i prefer to get my gamble on - this is great !! can't vouch for the menu being exactly the same as the mothership but it looks about right . 1/2 price sangria and other libations - all good too ( even though the gf doesn't drink - i went with the pitcher of sangria for $12 - the bartender said it was equal to 4 drinks - i call bullshit on that one - it was more like 8 glasses - great deal !! ) we had some of the usual items - dates, meatballs, shrimp, sausage platter, etc etc ( pics attached ) besides my monthly trek to the Flame at el C ( don't knock it - i still think it's the best value in downtown - try the stone crabs - or for the meat eaters - the prime rib ) i plan to hit firefly, at least 1/ month. hit it a 2nd time on friday with my sis - the place was hoppin' ! just missed the happy hour - it's ok - tried the sparkling sangria this time - nice starter drink - my sis had an infused vodka drink and later the raspberry mojito - she liked it ! for this visit - tried the sliders - the meat tasted great - bun a little too big, loved the mushroom stuffed with chorizo; calamari - ok. loved the shrimp/filet/sausage skewer. Downtown is gettin better !
4	After going to the other Firefly a couple of years ago (the one on Paradise), we decided to try the one in Downtown this time.   We found this new location to be fantastic. The bar area is a great spot to quaff some Sangria before being seated for dinner.  From our dinner table we enjoyed the view of downtown.   We enjoyed the ambiance of this location very much.Our favorite food and drink items there:  red sangria (three pitchers for 4 people; I think we liked it),  the ahi tuna skewers (yum!), the camarones diabla (great flavor, but would have liked some more shrimp for the price), and the ham and cheese croquetas (these were *amazing* albeit pricey for what ya get).  The ceviche was good, but they need to serve good quality tortilla chips with it rather than their very blah large round tortilla...Tostitos would have tasted better than the tortilla they served with it.Empanadas were enjoyed by half of us.  The Filet Sliders and the Albondigas were fine, as was the Mac N Cheese.The Thai Beef Salad needs more spicy marinade to be really good....it should be doused in spicy sauce (I hope the chef/manager is reading this :) ). And they threw in a birthday flan for the birthday girl.$150  for four people including alcohol (excl. tax & tip); we had a great time, loved the atmosphere, and enjoyed most of the food.   We'll definitely be back.
4	Had great sangria and tapas here in November!  I made a reservation but there were some big parties so we didn't get to sit in the overlook section.  That was perfectly okay with us as we had been tourists all day and could use some down time.  We still got a view of Fremont and had about 5 tapas and a pitcher of sangria over 2 hours.  The waitstaff was friendly and attentive.  I'd definitely recommend it to anyone going downtown!
4	Budget conscious tapas As per Many other peoples' suggestion My brother and his friends wanted something lite, tasty, and relatively inexpensive; Firefly fit the bill.  Though we intended on going to the smaller late night location, somehow the wrong Yelp click, give me directions led us here.  I have to say I was thrilled with my misclick; the view was spectacular. I haven't had the opportunity to see Downtown with the covered lights and people bustling about; this was definitely the way to do it.Great french fries, my salad was okay, beers were inexpensive, the meatballs looked good, nice empanadas, and a happy full set of tummies for all.Friendly staff, beautiful lofted glass ceiling, separate dimly lit bar, full drink menu, plenty of cozy booths with views, what more could a girl ask for?Date Rating: 4Pick up Scale: N/A (almost empty when we came, it was closing time, great space though has potential).Strong Suggestion: Don't confuse this location with the nearby smaller cozy one; but if it's early and you don't want to wait it's pretty much the same menu.
5	Hey, don't tell anyone but this is one of the best spots to visit in Las Vegas, The food is excellent and price to fit your wallet. Good service and good food. Try everything. There is no miss. With a group, make a party of it. You and a friend. Share. To make your stay even better. Get a waiter like Gabriel. He's the best!
5	Happy Hour 1/27/10  Firefly at the Plaza5 stars +++This was our first experience with a Tapas Bar, but it won't be the last!!  Any tapas bar half as good as Firefly would be GREAT.  We met friends at the bar.  Try the sweet sangria - it's red & white sangria (marinated for 3 days) with champagne.  So good.  Friends said Mojitos we excellent.  Happy Hour is 5-7pm ONLY in the bar.  But any food on the menu is available.  They bring you (each person) a sampler plate with a bleu cheese stuffed bacon wrapped date, meatball and layered pototo somethinganother. All three were wonderful.  We ordered more stuffed dates, pork empanadas, chicken salad, a cheese spread, sirloin & mushroom skewers and I've forgotten what else - but it was all terrific!  Our bartender was so friendy and the evening view of Fremont Street Experience made this a memorable evening! I want to try everything on thier menu.  $38.00 exluding tip
5	This all started with a mere whim of curiosity, a year or so ago in Reno at Silver Peak my cousin ordered a Sangria, which looked amazing. I always told myself that i would find a great place to enjoy the fruity refreshment .So last week I reached out to my fellow Yelpers here in Vegas and the response was Awesome. After reading over all of the reviews Firefly had an overwhelming lead when it came to the Positive feedback. So Friday night we find ourselves heading downtown to check it out. Now i am not going to sugar coat it and say that this place was coated in gold dust and was crazy appealing from the outside, because that is not the case. We pulled into the Plaza hotels Parking garage and headed in. Once in the hotel I was a little unsure if my fellow Yelpers pointed me in the right direction. Once we made the walk to the Firefly escalator and got upstairs it was an entirely different vibe. I felt like I could mellow out and have a good time. We asked to be seated in the bar for the happy hour which i was not sure we would receive since it was a matter of minutes until it over. The very approachable young lady at the desk sat us and it was a few minutes before we received any service; This is when it got good.. Our table wobbled quite a bit and i am not the type to complain so I was just going to deal with it, before my mind could even process that i was going to just make it work, a guy came out of nowhere and said excuse me while i fix your wobbly table. "1 point Firefly". Then our Waiter comes to the table and apologizes for the wait and explains that it was due to him talking to the manager to get us happy hour pricing since we just missed it. BINGO.."2 more points firefly." We ordered a pitcher of the red Sangria and a pitcher of the blood orange mojito... and well.......2 more points to Firefly.. We then began the feast of Tapas... the calamari was awesome, the fillet Mignon sliders "WOW". we tried as much as we could get down, and last but definitely not least we tried the Bacon Wrapped Dates.. Everyone was spot on, these were one of the best things ordered for the night.So to finish this up. The service was excellent and friendly, the view down Fremont street was awesome, the atmosphere is hip and nostalgic at the same time and the food and drink is not lacking. I will be back here for sure. And I recommend it to everyone!
5	My go to spot with my girls on a chill night out or before partying.  Their sangria and paradise mojitos are good (get the pitchers so you all can share).  I would recommend: the firefly fries, camarones a la diabla, terra de mar.
5	A perfect night.I had a very large party to celebrate my birthday, and even though our reservations were last minute on a Saturday night of a three day weekend, they gave us the best table in the place.  Prime view of the Fremont Street experience.They also did not insist on our entire party being present before seating us, which is super cool.  The food was AMAZING, the service was efficient and best of all, they put up with me and all of my drunk ass friend attempting to reenact Caligula's Greatest Hits.so yeah, don't ask me what we ordered, because I really can't recall anything except the Mojitos  (which were pretty great.).  But hey, it's tapas so I'm pretty sure there were fried potatoes, mussels, olives and manchengo cheese, shrimp ceviche, and empanadas.  And given the fact that I'm a pretty finicky bitch, the fact that I don't recollect complaining about anything bodes well for the food quality. I didn't see the bill, but judging from the prices on the menu it was REALLY inexpensive for what you get.  Definitely the best bang for my buck in Vegas, and I've had a lot of bangs.
4	If you want to experience old Vegas and the grit of downtown, but from a safe distance... come to Firefly!  This restaurant floats in a secure glass bubble, overlooking the Fremont Street shenanigans. It's almost like being at the zoo, with a comforting wall of glass between you and all the strippers, hookers and downscale hoi polloi with their plastic footballs full of frozen daiquiri.  If that's your bag, then you're a pussy -- but you will like this restaurant.I was prepared to dislike the place because I was such a HUGE fan of the swanky old-time steakhouse that used to occupy the space.  As always, they had to rip out something cool to make way for something trendy and overpriced.  But it actually turned out to be really cool!  As mentioned it's a great view, good food at reasonable prices, and a MUCH better atmo than the other Firefly (on Paradise), which is loud and thick with poseurs. The atmo here is more laid back -- dim lighting and stylish comfy furniture, with lots of windows looking down at the circus maximus.  Bonus tip: if they don't have any tables looking out toward Fremont (as they claimed when I went there, and tried to seat me at a table looking at a wall), just go sit in the lounge area.  Great view and less hassle, with all the same service!Food-wise it is fancy schmancy tapas.  Everything I ordered was rich and full interesting flavors and ingredients, and the prices were good, so no complaints on that front.  The French bread they serve was greasy, though, like it had been basted or even soaked in Canola oil before being toasted.All in all, this is a fantastic place for you suburban walled-fortress-dwellers to experience downtown without WALLOWING in downtown.   Only caveat: the valet parking is located right next to the downtown Greyhound Bus station.  So you're gonna see some real grit and grime anyway, puss!
5	For my 50th birthday, I wanted something my large group would remember (besides me being a tipsy goofball). We got it.I went to Firefly on Paradise for my 25th wedding anniversary three years ago, and my friends have talked about how great it was. So could Firefly in the Plaza be as good, especially with the menu omissions (there are a few dishes you can only get at the Paradise location)? Yes, yes, yes.We started out with pitchers upon pitchers of the best Sangria outside of Spain....at Happy Hour they were around 13$ each! Our group were allowed to relax and unwind before being seated in the most central tables to observe the Freemont Street Hoopla. Our waitress and waiter combo brought a bottle that absent friends sent which started me crying, that started the waitress crying, and well, the whole table got misty....but then there was food!The table trusted me to order for us all...and it was a feast that Babette would have given her approval to....The empanadas, the almond-stuffed bacon wrapped dates, the artichoke and pepper crustini, the serrano ham with manchego cheese, the coquettas, the chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms, it just went on and on...and the wine flowed....The evening was everything a birthday dinner should be....My only wish is that I could go to Las Vegas for every special occasion and have at least one dinner at Firefly.....I wonder what I am doing for my cat's birthday next month?.......
4	==Vegas Birthday weekend continued==Feb 18th-Feb 21stThe first to arrive in Vegas were the three Chris'. Christian (christiang.yelp.com) Cebo (cbooz.yelp.com) and myself. After getting settled in our room and having a few drinks to start off the trip, we decided to grab a bite to eat here at Firefly. Christian has been here before so he suggested it. Great pick my friend!GOOD:- Various items to choose from. Great menu.- Bar. While waiting for a table, decided to grab a few jack and cokes.-Firefly fries (parmesan, herbs, aioli) Who doesn't love fries!? - Terra y Mare skewers (grilled shrimp, filet mignon, chorizo sausage, salsa verde) Came with 3 skewers. Another good choice.- Fried calamari (spicy gribiche dipping sauce) One of my faves. I mean who can resist deep fried rings that resemble foreskin!? Squeeze some lemon all over and you're set.BAD:- Right when the waiter comes up and asks what we want to drink, this is how the conversation starts:Waiter: "what can I get you fellas to drink?"Dude: "Oh, I like your hair!" (he had an awesome mohawk with designs shaved on the side)Waiter: "oh thank you, I like yours too!"Dude: *looks at his friends* (they are already clowning) "what!? it was the first thing i noticed!"What an awkward way to start the dinner. Nothing wrong with complimenting a guy on his hair. The compliment from the waiter talking about how he likes my hair set up a whole night of ridicule. Yes the "dude" was me and yes the waiter liked my bald head, big deal. UGLY:- Firefly. The name of the place. Had us singing this song all night. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psuRGfAaju4But instead our version sounded like this.You would not believe your eyesIf 100 real buff guyswas the last thing you saw as you fell asleepWhy did we stop and stare? These buff guys are everywhereAre we at excalibur?Oh wells, We don't really careI'd like to make myself believeThat one guy danced slowlyIt's hard to say that I'd rather stayAwake when I'm asleepCause everytime he dances you get weak!'Cause we'd give a thousand hugsHugs from these SD thugsOur hugs are equivalent to turbuLANCEWhy is this in our heads?Maybe we should go to bedPlease don't jump on yelp and start a threadI'd like to make myself believeThat this room is turning slowlyIt's hard to say that I'd rather stayAwake when I'm asleep'Cause everything is never as it seemsWe should go to sleep!!Why did that song come out that way?? After a few drinks, ok maybe after A LOT of drinks and always seeing THUNDER FROM DOWN UNDER ads you know why that came out that way!When you do Vegas with us, be prepared for some great laughs. That's how we do!!
4	it's fun to sit here and chill with the homies.. the white wine sangria...  primo!it's dark... casual.. the wait staff is super friendly and the food...yum.  we had just about EVERYTHING.share!!!  try a little of everything! did i mention the primo white wine sangria.. dope.
5	What can I say this place is absolutely AMAZING!  I've always loved tapas and this place does not disappoint and the paella here is to die for.  Generally me and my girlfriend get a order of paella and 3 apetizers and leave pretty happy.  I also recommend the Sangria.  Buy the pitcher....it is worth the $25.  If you like fruiter drinks get the white sangria but if you like dryer wine the I suggest getting the red.  By far however the best part of this restaraunt is the view...which is stunning.  Most of the restaraunt is in a glass dome which overlooks all of fremont.  It is one of the better views in Las Vegas and definitely the best view of Fremont street.  Finally I suggest ussing www.opentable.com to make you reservations.  You can make reservations online and definitely make sure you request a window view, which is by far the best view in the house.
2	This was my first visit to the Plaza location, I've been to the Paradise location and rate that place higher just because of the ambiance.First off anything in the Plaza can't be good...walk through smoky casino floor, up shaky escalator, take a left, no a right oh wait straight through those doors up ahead.They tried to go sheik and sexy with an amazing view, but I think all they accomplished was a second story food court with fancy tables and windows to peer down on the destitute and desperate of downtown.  That might be a little harsh but what I am getting at is the view ain't worth a star.The food is ok but probably to pricey for what you get, $4 for 4 dates and a piece of bacon?  $7 for some shoestring fries?  Surf and Turf Skewers and Calamari are probably the best items on the menu and the Mojitos and Sangria are solid!If you just want to get hammered on some wine and fruit in a pitcher and watch the crazy's peeps getting of the grey hound, this is the place.  But for a better time I would hit up the Paradise locale.  You're gonna spend the same amount of cash but at least there you will feel less like you paid for a bad vegas show.
5	came into town one day after one of those "lets go to vegas tomorrow!!!" nights...luckily we had some friends that were locals, and they brought us to this quaint, yet sexy lil tapas spot right off the strip.FIREFLY.it was a saturday night, and it was busy.  we kicked it at the bar while waiting for a table.  finally got seated and was treated to a wide selection of tapas.  came here with a pretty good sized group so i got to sample a little bit of everything.  lets just say... lets just SAY... LETS JUST SAY EVERYTHING WAS DELISH!!!a month later i was back in vegas, and guess where i took my friends...YOU GUESSED IT!to the massage parlor!!! jk... (ok half serious)but before that we went to FIREFLY!!pretty much just what i expected, excellent.
4	I come here often because the Margaritas and drinks are amazing.  A great atmosphere and relaxing place for a hangout with friends after work.  I don't like the menu too much because they don't have alot of healthy choices.  Overall, I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who doesn't know about it.
4	I still don't understand why Cafe Ba Ba Reeba is out of business, makes me sad, so I had to feel a hole in my soul... thank you Firefly for covering my hole... wait, what? OK let me start again, I loved Firefly.The food is really good and also the Sangria.Skip the Salmon and go with the dates, skewers and mushrooms.The view is obvuioulsy amazing but I kinda miss the TV Screens and Sportcenter, lol.
5	My girlfriend and I stopped by here, due to such high praise from everyone else out there, and to our liking it truly was a great place!  The view is great overlooking fremont st at night and the ambience of the place is very chill.  Our waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable. The food was sensational!  My girl got the cosmo martini and I got the mojito both good.  The food was great, i luv eating tapas, not to much but not to little.  We ordered the surf and turf kabob which had shrimp, sausage, and fliet mignon on a kabob stick, that was very yummy.  But the best was the camarones diabla and the mac and cheese!  Seriously maybe the best mac and cheese i've ever had.  The camarones diabla was amazing to, the shrimp and the sauce they use is so tasty!  I definitely need to come back!
3	Truly, I'm a fan of Firefly on Paradise but, the Main Street location is just ok...for the comparison to be explained below...AMBIANCEDark reds, contemporary, loungey.  Unlike it's sister restaurant, this establishment isn't "stuffy" because it boasts tall ceilings and a lot space between tables; therefore, no bumping into the tables next to yours!  Cleanliness-wise, this restaurant looked so clean, I might've demonstrated the "5 second rule", though luckily my eating skills were top-notch last night.  This location is located in The Plaza Casino on the second floor.  It has a wonderful view of the Fremont Experience.MENUI think it was exactly the same, including the reasonable prices!  For the non-Firefly frequenter...  The menu is made up of mostly all tapas (small plates/portions) which include hot, cold, meat/poultry, and seafood tapas.  Some of my absolute fav's are the:Bacon wrapped stuffed datesManchego mac & cheeseStuffed mushroom caps (ground chicken and chorizo stuffed)Baked tetilla (similar to queso fundido)Tres leches (dessert--three milk cake)For the traditional folks out there, there are a few large plates, though I cannot remark on them since I've never tried them.FOODPresentation of food was nice--just like Paradise.  One really nice thing I noticed was our order of stuffed dates had 5 dates instead of 4!  Our food was cooked remarkably the same as the Paradise location--good!  Except, there was an order pulpo asado that was way over cooked; some pieces seemed tender to chewy, while some where just too charred and had the texture/density of a brick.  However, overall, the food was good and pleasing, just like the Paradise locale.SERVICEQuite surprisingly, it was pretty dead last night (Monday around 8pm) with about 25% occupancy--unike its sister locale who's always bumping 7 days a week.  Our server and food runners were friendly but seemed a bit unorganized and astray.  This is where the star rating dropped.  Our water was brought immediately but, this is a protocol service Firefly does with all tables (just like the bread and olives).  Our party of four (4) orders a Coke, riesling, and cabernet, it took awhile to get them, almost long enough for me to ask where they were.  No biggie.  Our food order was taken promptly after our drinks were served.  We clearly ordered two (2) bacon wrapped stuffed dates but were only served one :-(.  Luckily, our bellies were too full for us to ask where the second order was.  Also, we order pulpo asado but were brought the Big Bowl salad.  Miscommunication but, still no biggie.  In the middle of our dinner, we were almost served another order of stuffed mushroom caps, though we declined them because we were already served our one order.  About two minutes later, I saw they were served to the next table who were eagerly awaiting them.    Disorganization from their staff, still no biggie, to be human is to err.  Though, here's my two big bangs that made my Asian eyes squint.  I was drinking a Coke, and my glass remained empty for probably 10 minutes or so...okay, okay...but I HAD to ask for a refill, argh, duh, if it's empty just bring another or ask me if I'd like another.  The second big bang was, the dirty dishes piled up!  I don't mind stacking my dirties to help the server out, I don't mind them being left there because the server is getting slammed, but I do mind it when the restaurant is at only 25% occupancy, the dirties are piled up, and there was NO attempt at taking dirties away.  On our servers behalf, I can definitely understand when plates aren't taken because there's a few morsels of yummy goodness left but, these were bare to the bone and like I mentioned, stacked.  We weren't even being piglets, only 11 tapas plates were ordered.  I guess I had the expectation of the Paradise location who are awesome about turning over new/dirty plates and keeping extremely organized!  The Main Street locale needs some help, SOS!BILLIt was correct, even with the one miscommunication and one stuffed dates plate being omitted!OVERALLNice place to dine and be a tourist again.  Firefly on Main Street can easily gain 5 stars in my book with a little elbow grease, attentiveness, communication, and organization.  Like I mentioned the food was wonderful, just like its older sister, but lacks the fluidness and wisdom of the elder sister.llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
2	What a dive. Just like the whole of downtown. We were seated in this seedyish bar in a seedy hotel in a seedy downtown. Ordered a drink and asked some questions after getting a server to come over. 15 minutes later asked where the drinks were; 15 minutes after that we left. Ran back to the strio where we felt both cleaner and safer. Downtown is an adventure; bring your machete with you.
4	Firefly is a Spanish tapas restaurant that recently opened a second location in the Plaza Hotel at the West end of Fremont Street. The food here is reasonably priced, fairly consistent, always tasty, and it is the perfect spot for a light bite with a neon view. I wish there were more tapas restaurants in town, as I believe they are the wave of the future in American dining. In this respect, Firefly is on the right track.Where they are on the wrong track is with the service. I have never had a good experience with servers here as it always takes forever to place an order, or to grab your waiter anytime thereafter. It is just poorly managed. On this particular night my brother and I sat at the bar and it took us a good ten minutes to order a drink, even though the bartender was right there. He decided it would be best to finish up the drink order for a party of ten before making our two little drinks, one of which was a bottle of beer. Isn't that the first rule of any service industry? Prioritize the people in front of you before those out of sight, especially when their requests are quick. After he was done chitchatting with the servers standing around waiting for him to finish drinks rather than tending to their tables, he eventually got around to us. He didn't even look at us while taking our food order but just stood in front of the computer as we shouted it to him and he entered it in. I wish this weren't indicative of the regular service at Firefly but that's pretty much how it's been for me every time.Once you do grab your waiter's attention, the food generally comes out quickly and you generally get what you ordered. Plus, it's really tasty so you begin to forget about the people who brought it to you. The first thing we had were the bacon-wrapped, almond stuffed dates ($4) in red wine reduction with bleu cheese crumbles, which I have to get every time I come. They are sweet, savory, crunchy, and squishy, which makes for a happy mouth (even my brother who is allergic to nuts orders them and simply removes the almond). I especially like that they are not too large to consume in a single bite. The dates were followed by the stuffed peppers, mac n' cheese, steak skewers, and roasted eggplant cannoli. The peppers ($7.50) were OK, but the more satisfying vegetarian option was the eggplant ($5), not only because of price but because the cheese inside was creamy and herbaceous rather than somewhat tough and bland. They come with the same yummy tomato sauce so you won't miss anything with the eggplant. The steak skewers ($7.50) are a good deal, and the accompanying sauces are good, but the presentation needs some work. Finally, you can't go wrong with the mac n' cheese ($8). It's one of the more expensive tapas options but the portion is fairly large and it's baked to an appetizing golden brown. The cheese can be a little gritty on occasion but it's still hard to go wrong with cheese and pasta. Another favorite we didn't order tonight are the sliders with fried onions and spicy aoli. They are filling but delicious!All in all, Firefly is a perfectly frugal place to get good versions of your favorite foods. Nothing will blow your mind but you will leave content in the fact that you haven't spent a fortune and your belly doesn't feel as stuffed as the dates. Oh, and well drinks are only $5, which actually is pretty mind blowing come to think of it.
3	If you don't have to be downtown skip this location and head to the original on Paradise & Flamingo. The menu is exactly the same but the food just doesn't taste as good downtown. I had the feeling it was just pre-made & microwaved since they managed to get our 6 dishes out in less than 5 minutes after ordering on a busy Saturday night.
3	If you have to be downtown, you'll survive eating here. But this is not the amazing food Vegas is known for. It is, however, an interesting place to look out over Fremont St.When we travel, we usually throw the Vegan thing out the window and go straight Vegetarian because we are lazy. Thank goodness we did that night because I understand their chef employs a strict "if there ain't no meat, bring in the cheese!" policy. So, while the menu does have vegetarian options, they're rather lacto-extremo. Generally, the dishes were bland to boot. One thing they know how to do there is mix a mojito that delights the senses. Very well-balanced. Looking around the restaurant we did have get a good chuckle seeing  a concentrated group of late 20's/early 30's couples like us for the first time since we'd been on Fremont - The Yelpitarians were out in force. I think it's the only well-reviewed joint within walking distance of Fremont, and that's probably fair, but still not a good reason to skip the cab ride to the finer food.
4	Oh, when I go to Vegas, I try to make a trip out to Firefly. I love the cool laid back ambiance. After spending a night or two on the strip, it's refreshing to go to a restaurant without having to groan awkwardly from seeing girls wearing t-shirts as dresses, caked on makeup, or tops so low you wonder why they bothered to wear one after all. The food is delicious! I cannot remember all the names but I just remember that whatever dish they brought out, we savored every single bite (and drop) of it. The best dish? Their paella.....sigh.....makes my heart flutter just thinking about it! =)
5	I cannot thank them enough for the wonderful food and service!  I came here for the first time for my boyfriend's birthday and we both enjoyed the scene and the food.  I would say it was definitely worth the trip from L.A. to Vegas just to experience this.  The staff was very accommodating and focused even down to the parking lot attendant for the parking structure.  In case you don't know, when you park in the plaza there is a charge, but you can take the parking stub and validate them at the cashier.  They even included a complimentary flan dessert just for my boyfriend's birthday which was a nice surprise.  I would highly recommend this to anyone visiting Vegas!
4	Came here for dinner very recently, and really enjoyed it.  Made sure to come on a weekday night, with a reservation, so it wouldn't be too busy and my chances would be better of getting a good table in the dome overlooking the Fremont Street Experience (and we did get a great table with a view - a great part of the dining experience).  One past effort to come without a reservation on a Saturday night led to a 1 hour wait, which was too long for us (we went to Tinoco's), so reservations are a good idea.In general, service was friendly and very reasonable based on how budy they were, and the food was quite good and varied.  I was introduced to tapas style dining in Washington DC at Jaleo, and Firefly follows the model very well - many small plates of different ingredients and preparation, reasonably priced to encouraged variety and sharing.  Red Sangria was very good if a bit on the sweet side.  We ordered the spinach salad, merquez, firefly fries, albondigas, tetilla, clams with chorizo and banana nutella sandwichs.  All were good, the clams were probably the standout in my mind.  I thought the tapas at Cafe Ba Ba Reeba were the best in Vegas (and atmosphere was great there two, although I think Firefly Downtown is superior over all for atmosphere, but alas, Ba Ba Reeba is gone, and Firefly Downtown is among the best if not the best option here as of the writing of this review.A very good option downtown, and the type of dining is very well suited to the glass dome space - lots of drinking, nibbling of different things, robust conversation, etc.... suit the environment well.
3	I love Firefly, don't get me wrong, but this visit was a disaster. This was my second visit to this location and as much as I enjoy the food, the service was horrendous. I went with my boyfriend to celebrate his friend's birthday, and apparently Firefly only lets you reserve a table for 15 people. This became a problem quickly when there were around 20 guests for this event, and the hostess had to scurry around like a chicken with its head cut off to get us situated. She also seemed to get a stern talking-to by her boss which was not pleasant to watch. This hostess also seemed to be the only one who realized that the restaurant was busy as everyone else went at a much slower pace. I am all for ambiance, but I also want my food.After telling our waiter that we wanted to order around 8:30, we actually got to after 9 PM. Starving, I ordered my usual delights to share with my boy: veggies & lentils, mac & cheese, tortilla a la espanola, and stuffed peppers. The food was wonderful but as I mentioned, the service was not. Water refills only came around once, and when the food did come out the waiter had no idea who ordered what, so the servers just kept going around the table yelling out what they had in their hands and we all had to fight for our food, especially with duplicate orders. I myself had to practically stab a party guest with my fork who took my veggies & lentils, poking at it saying, "I don't think this is what I ordered..." while I was on the other side of the table glaring at her for stealing my food. Not the most organized bunch, those Firefly servers. Overall this location is wonderful, but try and go with 8 people or less so you can actually enjoy the atmosphere looking out onto the Fremont Street Experience and get service in a timely and efficient manner.
4	Finally made it to the downtown Firefly location. Friday night reservations at 6:30 for a party of 4.HITS- gazpacho: delicious- stuffed dates: the dates might be a little small but they're amazing. Love the blue cheese and red wine reduction- veggie empanada: 2 empanadas filled w/ a gooey and tasty mix of spinach, mushrooms, artichokes and cheese- ham and cheese croquetas: 3 of them fried perfectly with a delicious ham and cheese mixture inside- chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms: one of the best dishes of the night- crispy duck rolls: 1 large roll over stuffed with duck and cut diagonally lengthwise. Wonderful flavor.- fried calamari: good, but nothing special- chocolate cherry bread pudding: the bread pudding was delicious, but I wasn't crazy about the cherry sauce and port reduction. Tasted a little too tart.- passion fruit mini chesecakes: 3 small cheesecakes. I couldn't really detect the passion fruit flavor. Tasted like plain cheesecake to me.- white sangria: 2 people can easily finish off one pitcher -- it comes out to about 4 glasses per person.MISSES- steamed mussels: beautiful presentation, awful 'rancid-fish' taste- ahi tuna skewers: decent flavors, but there was too much going on. Too many ingredients. It looked like a big messThe service was great. We had a cute blonde waitress named Ferrin (no idea how to spell that) who was quick to greet us and take our orders. Food came out really quickly. It actually would have been better if they spaced out the dishes a little more so we could enjoy two or three dishes at a time and hang out longer. I think we had all of our dishes (except for the desserts) within 30 minutes, which made for a quick dinner. Our waitress was always around, asking how our food was and refilling our glasses. I never had to refill my sangria all night. That's good service.The mussels were so bad that we only ate one and had to send it back. Ferrin was cool about it, apologizing for the taste, taking it off the table, and more importantly taking it off of our check. She made a few good suggestions for alternate dishes and quickly brought out a new dish after we ordered it.As other reviews have mentioned, the atmosphere is cool -- a glass dome overlooking Fremont Street. We were seated in a booth which gave us a great view. There was some country music award show in town and a country band playing on Fremont Street so there were stetsons-aplenty down there.I really wanted to give this place five stars because some of the dishes were great and the service was wonderful. But because a couple of the dishes weren't good they'll have to settle for 4.
4	An outstanding view overlooking the Fremont Street Experience.  I never would have expected the Chicken Salad Tapas to be the very best Chicken Salad I've ever had. For Dessert the Banana-Nutella sandwiches.  Highly recommended. But be warned, the "Keep ordering" nature of Tapas will drain your wallet dry and fast.
5	Oh my hell. Tried the Sangria, then tried it again, and again, then tried the blood Orange Mojito in pitcher form. I wish I could form complete sentences about the food, which was all outstanding. The only drawback, cold as well you get the picture. Wear a jacket, enjoy the view, the pole dancers across the street were epic.
4	I had a great meal here tonight.  My rating would have been 5 stars if the dishes had not come out almost concurrently.  Next time, I'll order one tapas at a time and have more time to enjoy the experience.I had the bacon wrapped dates, the veggie empanadas, and the chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms.  For dessert, I splurged ands went with the dessert platter.  Wow.  Great!I'll be back.
4	Firefly has the coolest dome in part of the restaurant that looks out onto Freemont Street. You can see pretty much the whole thing, and while inside you can also watch the giant TV canopy thing if it's time for the show.Misti Y took me here for dinner on my last night in town and I really enjoyed it. They serve up tapas style foods so we got a ton of small plates to share including the manchego mac and cheese, artichokes hearts on little toasts, lentils and veggies, bacon wrapped dates, and spicy shrimp. All of it was pretty good, but my favorite actually turned out to be the artichoke hearts. I know, I know! Who would have thought compared to manchego macaroni and bacon wrapped anything, artichoke hearts would win, but they did and they were damn good.Firefly also has a pretty decent drink menu including a sparkling sangria cocktail that I ordered. Yes, it's sangria made with sparkling wine. It was chock full of fruit, too and fairly sweet so it you don't like sweet drinks you may want to try something else.
4	On our last night visiting Las Vegas my friend took us to Firefly. It was the best meal we had there by far. We had been to a less than good place in the Venetian, where we shouldn't have chose to stay, for twice the price, half the quality, no view, and incompetent service. It was so freakin good I might even go back to Vegas, stay on Freemont, and eat there every meal. If more people stopped overpaying for crappy dinners they think tastes good based on location, who else eats there, and dress codes, Vegas might take a turn for the better.
5	I went to Firefly Downtown with a few friends last night and it was great!The food is Tapas style, which means small portions that are  meant to be shared.  I was able to get a few things made vegan by ordering without the cheese. The food was great, they also have a fun drink menu including different type of sangria's. The view of downtown is awesome and there's a great atmosphere with good music. It's definitely a great place to bring visitors from out t of town or to go with a group of friends.
4	I. Am. In. Love. With Firefly.A friend suggested we go to this location after a "First Friday" in the arts district. Luckily, my dinner companion is in the know, and somehow finagled us an amazing table with a spectacular view of Fremont Street. I can describe my meal here with two words: Sensory Overload. And that's a good thing.Every item that we ordered was delicious. Bacon Wrapped Dates! Bingo. Stuffed Mushrooms! Bingo. Parmesan Fries! Bingo. Wow, I just won at Bingo three times. I'd say it was one hell of a night. One suggestion though. The crispy duck rolls. While they were good, they weren't great. It needed some kick. My friend and I think that Sriracha was the missing ingredient. If you see a guy bringing his own rooster sauce, then it's probably me. Come say hi. I'm certain I will be dining here again. And again. And again.
3	I went here just short of a week ago, and was kind of disappointed to be honest. I'm a little spoiled by Firefly on Paradise and this place just wasn't the same. The view is incredible, it overlooks Fremont Street but it was so open that it felt cold. It wasn't as intimate or eclectic as the location on Paradise. The music selection was kind of an odd mix of Tropical, Salsa, and God knows what else. Who ever made that CD should not ever make CD's for restaurants because it just threw off the ambiance of the restaurant. So first off, this place is in the Plaza. Downtown Las Vegas is filled with pimps, ho's, white trash, and your  Emo guyliner kids who dig Beauty Bar and The Griffin. So being as i'm a loungy, eclectic kind of gal, Downtown is not my scene to begin with. I tell the hostess that it's our first time here and we usually go to the one on Paradise, so she gives us the best table in the house with the table being right by the window overlooking the middle of Fremont street with floor to ceiling windows. We had a very attentive server and she was awesome, a lot better than the service on Paradise to be honest..  We ordered the dates and the eggplant cannelloni to start followed by the paella. Dates were fab as always, but the cannelloni not so much. The goat cheese overpowered the dish incredibly. The tomato sauce made the flavors come together a little more, but something felt missing. Possibly the introduction of better spices or more spices in the cannelloni to give it more flavor. Oregano, basil or some garlic maybe? Something just so you taste more than just goat cheese. The Paella portion was large enough for 3 people, and was good. Not the best, but not the worst either. I think all in all i'm just a little spoiled by the other location. This place is good for someone who likes something a little more modern and with a great view, but I like ambiance. Take me to a different place, yet make me feel at home. Firefly Downtown didn't give me that feeling. Sorry other Yelpers who love this location much more. :( I just don't see it.
4	When I was 8 years old I was told by my father many things that always made sense to me. Things that stay with me for ages. Shaped who I am. Things like...never buy ducks from man in a hat, or punch anyone in throat who looks at you cross eyed...because of that one I was thrown out of Catholic Boarding school...to be fair...that nun had it coming. He also said to me this...whenever you can buy small plates of food...do it, you can really throw those plates much more accurately when you are mad.  So wise. So wise. Again, because of that one I spent 11 months in a Basque prison. Oh well, I learned how to stamp on grapes and make wine and say "abajo con los cerdos espanol." Overall not too bad.So when I heard that the beloved FireFly was taking over the horrible restaurant in the Plaza I was thrilled. So happy that I put down my bottle of keyboard cleaner and my rag, stood up, fell down, and stood up again. I waved my weak and jittery arm. The people in the bus moved further away.Oh, Spain...you may be fascist oppressors, but you invented a damn good drink...Sangria.  The Sangria here is aged 3 days and it tastes out of this world. It really is as good as you will possibly get for the price (24 bucks for a pitcher that would cost you 100 in a club on the strip).  I had the white wine Sangria. Perfection. Bring your own big straw...they don't provide them. Oh well.We tried 10 plates ranging from 4.50 to 9 bucks. Each one better than the last. The civiche was perfect. Lime juice, red onions and shrimp. Perfect.  The fillet minon was expertly cooked.  We had several others, chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms were so amazingly good they should have their own large plate...like a platter...delivered to me by supermodels. The  empanadas were rich and perfectly filled. The food is great, but the atmosphere is just excellent. It is fun and casual without being too casual. The round glass room, which you will need reservations, is the best at night. See the lights of Downtown and watch the Freemont Street Experience show every half hour. It fits in so perfectly with the whole Downtown revitalization vibe.  One star off...the plates, as good as they are could have more on them. They really skimp at times and it makes no sense considering the price tag. Also, the wrong server can blow this experience for you, by being too slow and not knowing the menu. I have had decent servers most times, but once I got a bad one...and believe this...when you hold him down and start pulling out his nose hairs one at a time suddenly YOU'RE the bad guy. This world is so sideways.  Oh well.Rex speaks. You eat. You do if you know what is good for you. Rex doesn't speak twice.
5	Swanky food in DOWNTOWN??!!!  Yes, yes, YEEEESSS!!  When Maounds suggested this place for dinner, I was skeptical at first.  A nice restaurant in The Plaza?  Are you sure?  But I trust her (and her palate) so I went with it.  Man, oh, MAN, I am glad I did!The decor is super sexy.  A giant wall of window looks out onto Fremont Street, so if you hit it at the right time, you can see the light show.  The lighting in the restaurant is dark and sultry.  It was very modern with clean lines and dark wood too.  You would swear you are not Downtown at all.The food was incredible.  Everything is tapas style so you can have a bite of everything (or hog a couple of plates just for yourself, like I did).  I had the tomato basil soup with grilled cheese (BRIE!) and the ham and cheese croquettes.  The soup was delicious, as was the grilled cheese (though the bread was a little too soft and flakey for my taste) and the ham and cheese croquettes were incredible (but share these because they are rich and you don't want to over-do it).  I only drank beer since I did not want to mix my liquor for the night.My boyfriend had the thai beef salad and he really, really liked it.  Generally he like potatoes with his meat, so I was surprised it got such rave reviews.  He also raved about the sliders with the bleu cheese (and he is no bleu cheese fan at all).  Maounds had the bacon wrapped dates and something else, all of which she loved.  She also had a carmel apple martini and she is not one to normally drink the frou frou cocktails.  You know how to make people want to come out of their comfort zone, Firefly.  That is a sign of a great restaurant!Next time I am Vegas, I will definitely be back here!  I cannot WAIT!
4	Wow I'm glad I found this on Yelp.  Not 5 stars because of the one tapas the party of 6 didn't care for.  But a return visit in the future says a lot about this restaurant in a city with infinite restaurant choices.....I love tapas and this was some of the better tapas I've had in the country.  It's in downtown Vegas and the atmosphere is very Vegas in wow factor but I wouldn't call it elegant.  And I liked that.....Because the focus wasFood:  Yes, try the stuffed dates and then try not to order a couple of more orders.  They were very good and the first hint that the food is about quality.  Others, stuffed poquillo (sp?) peppers were outstanding and was the top pick for some.  The spicy shrimp was excellent and we ordered a few of those.  The lamb skewer was simply outstanding to a person that doesn't "love" lamb.  But I'd get this again in a heartbeat.  Artichoke toasts - my favorite.  Beef sliders were very good.  And more I cannot remember right now.  We got some melted cheese concoction that I forget the name of because........ these are the best sangria's and I had a few by the time we ordered the melted cheese tapas.  Then we ordered the dessert sampler and it was excellent and well done.  We did have one non-tasty tapas and it was the tuna.... egh..... it tasted like cat food.  But the rest of the dishes were awesome and I will return.Service/atmosphere:  Service was good to very good but not great.  I really don't have a complaint.  The atmosphere was why we chose the downtown location.  A view of the downtown "arcade" from this huge glass-ceiling room that was an incredible view of Vegas.  Worth the cab ride for sure.  Think of it as a huge moon-roof on your restaurant.  The rest of the restaurant was shockingly non-Spanish. Value:  After being stuffed by the many tapas, plenty of drink and a dessert - I was shocked at the bill and how low it was.  Tapas can add up and be more expensive than many traditional meals in Vegas but this was great quality food at a great price.  Not like some over-priced chef-themed restaurants.
5	great food but a little rich in taste.  course i went overboard wanting to taste it all :)
4	Those bacon wrapped dates are amazing! Love the downtown location.
4	I LOVE THE FOOD AT THE FIREFLY.  I usually go to the one on Paradise.  The food quality is just as good at this location.  I like the fact that this location is more spacious, the staff is more attentive and the food came out way faster.However, had to subtract 1 star because parking sucks here.  Had to pay $5 at the Plaza lot next to the Greyhound station
4	The view is awesome.  Glass ceiling--a scene from "get him to the Greek" and a great spot for a romantic evening.  I had heard good things so when we were trying to decide where to go last saturday, I wanted to check it out.  We split a pitcher of Mojitos.  I ordered the tapas and my man had the paella.  The paella was getting tons of looks and was awesome.  The tapas was pretty great too.  Food was really great price.  I was actually shocked.  Overall you can't beat a nice view, some booz and a great ambiance.  Then a buzzed stroll around downtown followed by a $20 sit-n-go at the Plaza.
4	4.5 starsDon't judge a book by its cover. Or, in this case, don't judge a fantastic restaurant by that fact that you have to go through the scruffy Plaza to get there. (Pay $5 to park in the Plaza's concrete funhouse of a garage, get your $5 refunded at the cashier's cage, blow your $5 on a slot machine.)Design: Moody pictures of flamenco dancers in the entry. The glassed-in dome overlooks Fremont Street. Go after dark so you can enjoy the spectacle while pretending to mock it. Try to reserve one of the circular booths overlooking the street for maximum sex appeal. Although it's plenty sexy without one, and there were groups as well as couples.Service: Pleasant, professional, not cloying. No handholding: Tapas will not be explained to you unless you ask.Food: Ok, if you've gotten this far. You deserve a reward, so let's get those salivary glands going. Husband and I had six small plates, and we were so full we could not order dessert. Stuffed dates. Exquisite, bite-size nibbles. And nutritious, involving 3 of the 4 food groups!Artichoke toasts: Sour, in a good way.Manchego mac n cheese: Both creamy and snappy, but without the wow factor of the other choices.Albondigas: Tasty little meatballs.Fish sticks: Yay for spicy tartar sauce and golden, panko-shrouded goodnessDuck rolls: Big and awkward to eat, and not as flavorful as duck ought to be. Ate my half anyway.Cava was lovely, and husband's mojito was A-1.And how much did this little feast come to? Fifty bucks before tip. I was in shock. This was one of the best meals we had in Vegas and the cheapest.
5	WOW!Talk about being in for a treat! Fremont Street is not exactly my first destination when seeking out good eats, but holy smacks! My party was seated in what I would describe as the best seats in the house. Directly center in front of a huge window overlooking the street and able to view the "light show" about 15 minutes into the meal.We ordered so much food and nothing was disappointing. We started with a pitcher of the white sangria. The drink was great and the booze marinated fruit was a great finish to the meal. Crispy Duck Roll - Really Great! The duck was tender with great flavor, although I agree with previous yelper, could have used a lil somethin somethin (like sriracha)Albondigas - The sauce on these little meatballs was the star.Babyback Ribs - SO TENDER! I was really impressed! The little salsa it was served with was such a great compliment to the protein.Calamari - Very nicely cooked. Not rubbery or overcooked at all. Hooray!Patatas Bravas - While there's nothing super special about this dish, it had a nice spicy sauce.Stuffed Dates - YES YES YES! DELISH! The bleu cheese made this dish. Perfectly balanced.Tierra Y Mar Skewers - Very nicely done. I was worried the beef and shrimp on the same skewer may be a death sentence for the shrimp, resulting in a sad pink eraser of "shrimp" but it was very nice, and the beef was med-rare. The sausage on it was also really yummy.Camarones Diabla - Nothing groundbreaking, but a solid spicy shrimp dish.Mac N Cheese - Creamy and rich. Very nice.Filet Sliders - Tasty goodness!Bread Pudding - Very moist.Flan - Great great flavor. Our server, Tony, and his flock of fellow servers were attentive and the food was coming out at a perfect clip. We were able to enjoy each dish, without feeling overwhelmed at any time. The food was solid and the bill was incredibly reasonable both for the amount of and quality of fare we enjoyed that evening. Firefly will certainly be on my list of places to return to next time I'm in Vegas. Bravo!
4	We ate at Firefly on Paradise during our last visit to Las Vegas and decided to try the new downtown location this time.  When we parked the car we were a bit put off because the Plaza hotel is pretty run down.The setting of Firefly Bistro, however, is a one of a kind, in an atrium overlooking the downtown light show.We had great service (from a Firefly veteran - she said she had been with the restaurant for 5 years) and we enjoyed our choices (bacon-wrapped dates, beef/mushroom kebabs, parmesan frites, chicken salad).  Our only regret was that we had eaten a large lunch (buffets be damned) so weren't too hungry at dinner and couldn't try more items (such as the lemon tarts we had had enjoyed so much on our last visit).Firefly is a great tapas bar and the kitschy downtown location is worth a visit.  If you can time your visit to see the light show, I would recommend you do so and ask for a view table.
4	I was very surprised to find a lively modern restaurant at the Plaza since I barely go downtown and wouldn't expect this kind of place to be there.  I went in a large group for a co-worker's birthday and really enjoyed it.   The seating is in a huge dome overlooking Fremont Street which is really cool, they shot scenes from casino in there(according to one of the people I ate with-I haven't verified this)  Almost everything we ate was really delicious and the sangria was good too.  Plus the bartender was cool and made us yummy girly shots like chocolate cake and pineapple upside down cake.  I can't wait to take out of town guest there or go back with a group of friends again.  My favorite tapas was the artichoke toast.  least favorite-ribs  Order a bunch of things and share!
4	I am definitely a fan and will be back to try more of the menu. You have to try the stuffed dates and the shrimp ceviche.  Both are excellent. As far as cocktails go you can't go wrong with the blood Orange mohito.  This is a great place to take a date after sundown because of the huge window facing fremont st.
4	It's Friday night, you and your girls want to go grab a bite - you're looking for something trendy but not stuffy, satisfying but not heavy, with cocktails and a killer view. Well, let me suggest....Firefly at the Plaza.This is the restaurant's second location in Vegas. I had been to the location on Paradise several times. It's got a great location down the street from the Hard Rock. I always preferred sitting on the patio at that location because the inside feels a little small, dark and cramped. The Plaza location, on the other hand, is something I show off to my friends.It is located under a huge dome that looks out onto the lights and neon of Fremont Street. Oh and have I mentioned the food? DELICIOUS. This is a tapas style restaurant so sharing is caring here. The Ham and Cheese Croquettes are some of my favorite things on the planet. And, as I like to think of myself as a mac-n-cheese connoisseur....their Monchego Mac-n-Cheese is in my Top 3. But the real attention grabber here? SANGRIA. They offer red, white and sparkling and you really can't go wrong - although I prefer the red. And if you're not in the mood for fruity wine, order yourself a Mojito and let your hair down!My only complaint would be the service. It is very. slow. But, then again, that just leaves more time for you to finish off that pitcher!
5	Love this place! The food is great and the view is excellent. We loved their pork empanadas, paella, and calamari! The prices are unbelievable. They also took a really nice picture of us--free, but give you an option to buy more.
5	yummmmmeeeeeeeee!!!!! this one is better than the paradise one (less orange people trying to be on a Vegas reality show)
1	This is the saddest I have ever been writing a review on Yelp.  Firefly used to be my favorite restuarant in the city.  The tapas are amazing.  Mini-sirloin burgers to die for.  A mushroom tart to salivate over. Lush sangria.  On my last visit however, we ran across a server who ended up trying to purposefully overcharge us.  Long story short, he got caught, management refunded the amount of the mistake, but refused to do anything else.  I just refuse to give them any more of my money.
4	[4 stars is my top rating...5 is for WOW, OMG!]You can not go wrong with this place.  It's a fantastic place to take out of town guests and a GREAT place for a date.If you want a bit quieter spot sit to the left of the main room near the bar.  Still a great view of Freemont but not a noisy as the glass room (Not as cool tho IMO)Open menu and point to something you will love it!
5	My sister and I hit up this place before exploring downtown and there is no better way to start an evening than at Firefly.The decor and the great glass windows make for a comfortable, yet sexy dinner. The view is of Fremont street and if you get there at the right time you'll get to watch the light show.The mojitos here are AMMMAAAAAAZZZZINNNNGG.  Our cutie waiter recommended the Pomegranate and he did not steer us wrong.  I like to think mojitos are good for me, especially pom ones.  I get mint, that's good for digestion and pomegranate, super fruit! Possibly good for you, super delicious, and a pitcher well get you feelin' fine.The food here, equally as amazing. I love tapas style eating and is perfect for trying new dishes and sharing with friends.  The manchego mac and cheese is the ish and I could eat an entire vat of the artichoke hearts. If you're traipsing around downtown or need a mojito fix, I highly suggest you come here.
3	3.5 stars for the food2.5 stars for the serviceI've never been to the Plaza before....it's like walking into a time machine. The Paradise location does not take reservations on Friday or Saturday and since someone recommended going to this one, we decided why not? The valet was very slow so by the time we arrived, we were later than late since the 15 had an accident. However, my friends that were on time said that had to wait 20 minutes for the server to even come and take their drink order. Please note that when I arrived, the place was not very busy at all. On a plus side, We had an awesome view of the Fremont Street from our table. After I looked at the menu, I decided to order the tuna tartare, manchego mac and cheese, petite filet, steamed mussels, lamb chops and a pitcher of the Mango Mojito.  It took another 15-20 minutes for my mojito to come out and that was after my bf waved down someone asking for the update of our drinks. Luckily the food started arriving fairly quickly after I had some mojito in me. The tuna tartare was such a dissappointment. The taro chips were so stale that the dish was a big fat FAIL.  They did redeem themselves with their mussels. The petite filet was oh so tender and juicy that I wanted more, but I was pretty much full with some yummy mac and cheese in me.  I did get to try the smoked salmon toast that my friend had order. It was pretty good, but salty...so if you don't like salty don't go for this dish. I didn't try the lamb chops since I was really full, but the bf enjoyed it. On the plus side, since we had to ask what the status was on our drinks, we got another pitcher for free!  Overall, I thought it was ok and the view was nice, but I probably won't be returning here unless someone else has a dinner here.
4	I am a HUGE fan of Firefly. My boyfriend took me to the Paradise location a couple of years ago and I was instantly hooked. Once I made the move to Vegas, I thought I might get tired of my favorite restaurant. Um, no chance.The prices simply can't be beat and the atmosphere is perfect for either a romantic meal or a night out with friends. I take almost all of my out of town visitors here and no one has once complained. Not once. You must order the stuffed dates. Seriously. This is not optional; it's a requirement and, yes, you can thank me later. Other favorites of mine include: the ham and cheese croquetas, the filet mignon sliders and - my new favorite - the tuna peppers. As for drinks, you really can't go wrong. I'm a big fan of the sparkling sangria because it is just so light and refreshing, but I've tried many of their drinks and they really are all fantastic.Although I originally fell for the Paradise location (very close to my home), the new downtown location at the Plaza is really where it's at. It looks out over the Fremont Street Experience light show and, trust me, you'll love it.My only complaint is that the service can be pretty mediocre. Nothing too serious, just worth noting. Honestly, it is much better at the Paradise location, but the ambiance and view of the downtown spot more than makes up for it.Go order yourself some dates and sangria and savor the view. You'll eat it up. Literally.
5	We love this place!  Both here and the one on Paradise.  The prices can't be beat.  Every tapas we tried was absolutely delicious.  We try and come here every time we visit Vegas.
4	" I THROW MY HANDS UP IN THE AIR SOMETIMES, SAYING AA-OOOOOOOO""CAUSE WE GON' LIGHT IT UP- LIKE IT'S DYNAMITEEEEE"Fellow friends and Yelpers including Francis C. and Christine G. were eagerly waiting for this song to be played at this fancy Tapas bar... but unfortunately, the crowd may have been too old for us (eeks... did I just say that?)  I was sad that the sounds of Taio Cruz weren't blasting this evening, but for a night out with small bites and good drinks, Firefly is sure to provide!Located in downtown Vegas right across from Fremont Street, Firefly offers up a clubbey/lounge area for party goers that want to avoid the crowdedness of the Strip.  Firefly gets extremely busy, so I highly recommend making a reservation before hand.  The management allows a ten minute grace period from your reservation, but try not to be late.  Once inside, we were impressed by the luxurious environment we were placed in.  We were on the second floor of the building, giving you a glimpse of Fremont Street and a cool view of the lights surrounding Sin City.Once again, you won't be dancing your drunk butts off at Firefly, but you'll be enjoying a chill, fun night out.  For those that don't know, Tapas bars provide small bites and big drinks.  Everything on the menu is made for either 1-2 people, so if you are hungry, this may not be the best place to go because it can add up.  However, we came for some light food, and for the amazing Sangria they have here.  Our waitress was very sweet in giving us recommendations on foods and drinks, and was fun to chat with throughout the night.  They also have a worker going around taking photos of your party, which you can pick up afterwards.  So for service and ambience, it's not bad so far.On to the food options.  I tried the following:Sangria [$24 for pitcher] - Worth it!  This was absolutely delicious and makes a great, sweet drink to wash down the food that you'll be eating with it.Dates Wrapped In Bacon [$6] - You get five pieces of these little suckers.  They were mad delicious!  The bacon was crispy, and the juices infused with the hot dates made a remarkable explosion of tastes in my mouth.Skewered Steak [$10] - Two skewers of marinated meat that goes extremely well with the free bread provided.  Definitely get them more on the rare side because they were extremely tender... so good!There are many things to try here, so feel free to experiment and find what flavors suit you the best.  For my first tapas bar experience, this was definitely not bad.  If there was a dance floor inside and cheaper drinks, life would be perfect.Parking can be hard, but my friends and I parked at the California Hotel.  It's free, and you just need to get your ticket self validated.  It works!
5	Walked in on a Monday night and was treated like a rockstar. The bartenders are so friendly, helped me make drink and food choices that were perfect and they make incredible drinks by hand there. The pricing is average, but worth it, cause the food tastes good and the sangria tasted better. Would definitely recommend this spot.
4	What a view!  Came here around 9pm on a cab driver recomendation, and somehow got the best seat in the place.  Amazing view of freemont street!Food was ok.  Appetizer sized items to share.  Nothing stood out as amazing.The hotel seems old and gross, this hidden gem is located on level 2 of the Plaza hotel.Get some food and drinks here before hitting up the freemont strip.
2	Food 4 plus stars, mojito's, if I could give more than 5 I would.The service on this particular occasion, was some of the worst I have experienced. Our waitress(BRITT) finally came by after about 25 minutes to see if we were ready to order. Keep in mind(Arnold) the busboy brought bread, water and then even finally our first pitcher when he realized the waitress was nowhere to be found. I can understand if you are busy, just swing by my table and let me know you will be with me shortly. Se cmes by to take our order makes up some half fast excus about putting through some orders. Later during the meal the busboy came by and used the new girl excuse. I don't think we will give it a second try, maybe we will give the other location a chance.They did in their defence comp one of our pitchers.Made us all very sad.
4	Our waiter provided menus and a complimentary plate of olives, bread and an almond cream cheese spread.  The first order included a pair of mojitos (4.5), the mandatory bacon wrapped dates in a red wine reduction and blue cheese (4.5) and a disappointing roasted beet salad (2).  Our next order was a mushroom tart (puff pastry and boursin cheese) that burst with flavor (4.5) and a seafood paella (3.5).  We finished our meal with a banana nutella sandwich (4) while watching the FSE light show.
5	A-MAZING!!! Great atmosphere, great service(thanks Michelle!), food is familiar yet different and absolutely yummy!
2	Great View, Okay Food, Disinterested service. When asked about the sangria, the waiter literally said, "it's just wine, brandy and fruit." Way to sell it! He also refused a request for a sample taste.Most dishes were good, not great. The very common praise for the stuffed dates is a bit telling. Not much else stands out. Dishes were served on what could easily pass for heavy duty high school cafeteria china.Tapas should be enjoyed in a relaxed and welcoming setting. The wait staff was having none of that concept. "Done yet?" was their mantra.The "bubble" room affords a great view of Fremont Street and was the most memorable part of the experience.Miserable parking, but that's downtown.
5	A M A Z I N G ! Food was great! Service was stellar! The view of freemont st left nothing more to ask for!
5	Great place for group outings. Great atmosphere and view. Big fan of the Stuffed Dates, Mac n Cheese and Artichoke Toasts.  Usually I pair that with their yummy Red Sangria, but I recently discovered their Blood Orange Mojitos and am currently addicted to them. Yummy.
1	We were told that there would be a 30min wait for a party of 2. We were told that we could wait in the bar area, but not at the tables. The bar itself was full, so we were forced to stand by the window next to the bus staff trays full of dirty dishes. We were eventually seated in the main dining area where the acoustics were so bad that we couldn't hear our server.We ordered the Surf and Turf Skewers, and none of the shrimp were de-veined. The prep cook apparently sliced all of the shrimp down the wrong side, leaving the waste vein intact. We also ordered the almond stuffed dates, and one of the five dates contained a date pit rather than an almond. It seemed as though the kitchen staff had no knowledge of how to properly clean these two items.To top it off, a bachelorette party equipped with a male blowup doll were seated near us and across from a woman and a 10 year old or so boy. I know this is Vegas, but there's a time and place to allow that sort of thing. An all ages dining establishment during peak hours doesn't seem like the best time or place.
4	The food is just as good as the paradise location but this place is big and so it's hard to get the same atmosphere.  We did walk right in on a Thu night and get a table at 9:30PM.  You gotta love that at this place!  We had great service and a nice light show from Fremont St. from our table.
5	I've tried this place twice now, and both times I've loved it.  The menu is just great with so many tapas to choose from and all of the them priced between 5-8 dollars. Each one is a nice portion for two people, even for three!  Make sure you go here at night so you can get a nice view of the Fremont Experience light show.  This place will become a must, every time you're in Vegas.
4	Halloween was a clusterbitch and I just wanted something to nosh and to sit the hell down! With Firefly in the horizon, it seemed a better choice than fast food and diners in most the DT properties. BF and the Yelpizzles Elnino and Andy were my company. The BF and I weren't too hungry so we sharedBoquerones- one of my faves. I love white spanish sardines. Veggie Empanadas- comes with 2 and some salad. It was pretty good....I appreciate that the veggies werent processed down to a paste and were stuffed with slices of mushrooms and diced spinach. Chorizo and Chicken Stuffed Mushrooms- meh. My BF said it reminds him of Hamburger Helper on a mushroom. After he said that, that's all I can get in my head. Won't order this one again. Dessert Platter- comes with chocolate tres leches, passionfruit cheesecake, lemon tart, flan. All pretty decent. I liked the idea of the chocolate leches, I really like the passionfruit, tart was okay, flan was a surprise that it was good ( light, almost panna cotta like).Got a white sangria since I usually get red. It was alright....it's a bit tart which I like, but I dunno...I think the bolder red makes more sense with tart fruits. Now the service was spotty and wait for items was kinda long. I however wasn't going to dock them down for it only because our server was very apologetic and really tried to help her tables. I looked around and the place was filled and  there wasn't enough staff coverage for the volume. I always feel bad when that happens because it's not the servers fault if they get spread thin. Someone could have called in and screwed everyone or upper management/owners haven't hired enough people. Tapas is about sitting around and chatting so I wasn't in a hurry. Just keep that in mind though- come when you feel like having a long nosh since speed and service isn't a strong suit. I'm a "fan" so I put it up to a 4 star since my visit was positive, but it's a round up since there are some obvious hangups.
4	OK, wanted to have a nice night out with my wife while in Vegas.  Too many choices of high end restaurants.  Settled on Firefly based on tapas style, and location for FSE.  Had been in once years ago when it was something else but did not eat.Got A TON of food.  Will only mention a few.Stuffed dates: mentioned in other reviews are as good as everyone says.  5 in an order, could have eaten 50.  Eggplant canneloni: which was thin eggplant filets wrapped around goat cheese.  Awesome.Skewers of chorizo, filet, and shrimp with salsa verde:  Incredible.Calamari: average.  I am really not sure why I even ordered this.Stuffed peppers: just OK. sauce was canned.We LOVED most of the food.  Service was not stellar but certainly not bad.  Had a couple Estrellas to drink.  Got out for under 100 bucks and we were both stuffed like the dates.  I think this is a place where you have to have a little knowledge of the food.  A couple things were just ok...menu filler.  Waiter's choices were All on the money.Not only would I go back, I wish I could go tonight.Complaints about the china?  Who cares.  Food is good or great, tapas are fun, location is excellent and the price is right.
4	First time to the downtown location. The service and atmosphere was nothing like Paradise location. Had to remind the staff that is was happy hour, they acted like it was something new. Waiter was friendly but a little slow to respond to a dining area that had 5 tables of eaters(all right next to each other). The food as usual was outstanding.Service-3Food-5Love Firefly!!
5	I've read some of the recent reviews, and honestly, I don't know what these people are talking about when they give a less than stellar view. Firefly* is awesome.Yup. Firefly* is awesome.I'm a chef. I've run several kitchens. I understand what goes into making a dish that is successful and complete, and this location has nailed it.  I understand the difficulties involved in coordinating the FoH & the BoH, but on 11/1/10 Sean & the BoH were getting along just fine. His service was impeccable, and the other 2 gentleman who also swung by the table for various wossname's were extremely thorough in their service.  We dined around 7:40pm, and thankfully they weren't crowded the day after Halloween. The view was amazing, though the constant flash of lights did bring to mind thoughts of flicker vertigo. This problem was quite simply resolved by not facing the Fremont Strip, though the Wife and such didn't seem to mind the dazzling display of lights.Over the next hour we enjoyed numerous dishes, my favorite being the 'Albondigas.'  Whenever I hear the word 'meatball' for the rest of my life, Firefly* is going to be at the forefront. I've had amazing meatballs here in Atlanta. I've MADE amazing meatballs of my own. As near as I can recollect, these are the best meatballs I've ever had. Maybe the marinara deceived me. Maybe the thickened tendrils of melted cheese ensnared me. Either way, my Sister and I demolished the 'Albondigas' and the remaining sauce with a Gusto I have not experienced in nearly 10 months.Oh sure, there was delicious 'Tomato Bread,' the Sherry Vinegar biting the back of the tongue and surprising the palate. I suppose I should've read the menu a bit better, but the fact that it was Chilled was a surprise, though not unwelcome. The bread was a little hard, but the tomato & garlic mixture was more pleasant than I had expected. When the Serrano Ham & Manchego arrived, I did wish that the Ham had been cut much finer, but everyone else was thrilled for the experience. Tasty.Baked Tetilla = Delicious btw. I'm a cheesemonger from once-upon-a-time, and I was served with a number of  great Spanish cheeses this night. This was an engaging number with a pile of roasted tomatoes in the center of a bunch of BCB joy. BCB's = the 'Burnt Crunchy Bits' where the cheese just gives up and bubbles into the mouth with happiness. My Sister and her Husband killed this before I was able to stop taking pictures of Fremont. Drowning the slices of Baguette/Ficelle in cheese was quite enjoyable. However, the 'Firefly*Fries' were just about the best fries I think I've ever had as well. The Aioli has Mayo in it, which while not a sin on the palate, is not what I've come to expect from 'Aioli' in the general sense. Given that it was Fries, I was pretty much prepared for the Mayo, and the table was definitely happy. They were even more enthralled when the 'Empanada' plate arrived with even more Aioli. The roast pork/pepper mixture was amazing, and I really wish I had more space to eat this bliss.While I don't do Sausage, the Terra y Mare skewers were tasty. I'm told be the Wife & BiLaw that the Chorizo was "F'n Great."   The Lamb skewers were equally tasty, but definitely not half the YUM that was the 'Albondigas.'  My sweet Lady insisted on 'Camarones Ajillo,' or rather, "some sort of shrimp."  These coincided happily with the 'Tierra y Mare.'  Shrimp abounded, and it was good. I would be remiss if I didn't mention the 'Spinach Salad.'  I should've ordered this in the first round, and this too was an oversight on the "Is this hot or cold?" dishes.  Warm, tasty, and though the Artichoke was a little strong in the context of the salad, the Feta and Pine Nuts more than made up for it's bold character. It all balanced well with the roasted Red Peppers.The drinks prices were reasonable as well, at least by comparison to $9 on the strip. We got away at $6 per Jack & Coke, which isn't cheap by comparison to burning cash in the penny slots, but was still better than the 'Rat Pack is Back' show, also at The Plaza. All in all, we left at less than $80 for 4, and any 2 of the dishes would've made me summarize this as a better evening than the one at Zeffirino's the night before.  The atmosphere was amazing, the food was perfect, and I couldn't have been more pleased. Add in the fact that they give you a free postcard with dinner whether you pay the $10 or not for a larger picture and you've got yourself a great evening. If you want your trip to Vegas to be memorable, eat here. If you want a good night on the town with quality that rates a Michelin star (IMHO) at a reasonable price, eat here.  Did I mention Eat here? Eat here.
4	I frequently visit Firefly Downtown for food, drinks, great customer service, and the atmosphere. Theres only been one instance when I was unhappy with the service.First Timer?Go for Happy Hour and order a pitcher of the Sparkling Sangria (even if you're not a sangria fan, because I'm not and I love it)Also, can't go wrong with the Filet Mignon Sliders.
4	Three words: Bacon Wrapped Dates!  These things were phenomenal.  We must have ordered 3 of them.  This is a great place facing the Fremont Street Experience.  They have an awesome selection of small plates to sample while you watch the show down on the street. My only problem was deciding what I wanted.  I really wanted to order everything on the menu, and almost did!  It is truly a feast for all senses!
3	My boyfriend took me here for our anniversary. Pros: -It has such a cool, romantic environment with the low lighting and dark colors. -The view is AMAZING! -There wasn't many people at all, but that could've just been on that day. ---Some of the food is pretty tasty!Cons:-The service is as slow as molasses. After we got the menu, we asked for a minute, and she gave us at least 30. We were so hungry that we just wrote down everything we wanted and handed the list to her when she was serving the table next to us, for the 3rd time. This is unacceptable considering there were only about 5 tables of people and 3 servers- The food really wasn't as good as I expected it to be. I guess all the great reviews left me with high expectations that weren't fulfilled. All in all. I would come back, but only for the view and  a little dessert.
2	First, I must start by saying that I love love LOVE the Firefly on Paradise. Being such a Firefly fan, I decided to eat at the Downtown location one night while out on Fremont. The place itself is really nice - great room, good ambiance. And the most awesome part is that it is a prime viewing location for the Fremont Street Experience (the canopy light show).Despite it being a weekend night, we were one of the only tables in the place. And despite being one of the only tables, service was quite slow and inattentive.The worst part was that my standard Firefly favorites fell short. They weren't the same amazing dishes I experience time and time again at the Firefly on Paradise.While I love Firefly and really enjoy the view at this location, the difference in food quality is just way too drastic. Despite me ordering my favorite dishes (which I normally devour), I couldn't even finish most of them - they were barely edible.Hopefully, it was just an off-night.
4	Went to Firefly on a weekend trip to Vegas. We got there early, around 5:30 pm, so the restaurant was basically empty. We were seated at a booth right by the window, overlooking Fremont Street--a great spot to see the Fremont Street Experience! Low lighting added for a romantic setting at the beginning of the meal, but by the time we were leaving it was packed and loud. Not a bad thing, just a different atmosphere than when we walked in.Meal started off with complimentary olives and bread with a side of almond butter. Then we ordered the sausage plate, patatas bravas, ham and cheese croquetas, and crispy duck rolls. I heard that the duck rolls were really delicious, so I had high hopes, but wasn't that impressed. Overall, the food was good. Props for an extensive menu and I wish we had more of an appetite so we could have tried other items.Service was mediocre. Our waitress was very friendly, but service in general was pretty slow. The worst part of the dining experience was simply getting to the restaurant. There's no direct entrance to Firefly; you have to trek through the Plaza, which seems pretty dumpy.
4	Filet sliders - goodTomato soup & Brie sandwhich - mehSurf & Turf (shrimp, chorizo & tomato) covered in a salsa verse - excellente
5	Firefly, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways.1. On my first trip here, I was seated at a table next to Las Vegas Mayor Oscar Goodman. Awesome!2. The view down Fremont Street is incredible. Ask for a table with a view if you're there at a time when they're not too busy.3. The pitchers of sangria are reasonably priced and are HUGE. They're not weak, either. Two of us got rather sloshed off of one pitcher.4. The food. Oh, the food. The chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms are to DIE for, as is the mac and cheese. I've never had anything here that wasn't delicious, nor have any of my dining companions. The banana-nutella sandwiches for dessert are a must. 5. The prices are really reasonable. It's a tapas joint, but the portions aren't small. I usually get 2-3 tapas and a dessert, plus drinks, and pay well under $40 for my entire meal, including tax and tip. For top-notch food, I'm more than happy to pay it.Firefly gets busy on weekend nights, especially Fridays. During the week, though, you can usually stroll right in, or that's always been the case when I've been in town.
5	One of the best night spots in Vegas.If you find yourself in Las Vegas and looking for good grub on a budget, the Firefly is for you. The uber hip atmosphere is the perfect compliment to the awesome drinks which are an amazing match for the excellent food.Served tapas style all of the food is awesome. I can highly recommend the ribs and the Garden Variety salad. Far better than "Garden Variety."All of the cocktails are great but be sure to order a pitcher of Sangria. This fruity wine punch is sure to be the hit of the party.Our group of 5 were adequately stuff and lubricated for just over $100!
5	At the Firefly location on Paradise Road, I tell people that the beauty of the place is that it's so crowded that you have time to drink enough mojitos at the bar that you won't notice the spotty service during your meal.Well, the downtown Firefly throws that out the window. Service here is consistent, and it's good. Wow. Another key difference: you can actually hear yourself think, and your dinner companions talk. It's a much better date option than the Paradise location.Fortunately, the mojitos are still killer, and the food is the same collection of deliciousness that you've come to know and love at the original. Artichoke toasts are a light starter, garlic aioli a zesty counterpoint to the quartered artichoke heart atop it. Gazpacho is always refreshing and flavorful (although a warning: manipulating the slice of avocado in the soup can be difficult after a few drinks). And the filet mignon sliders, topped with Serrano ham, cabrales cheese and fried onions, are melt-in-your-mouth good. The tuna tartare was another great example of contrasts in play, with mango, avocado and taro complementing the fish.Of course, you can't talk about the downtown Firefly without mentioning the view. The domed restaurant overlooks the Fremont Street Experience, a historic and stunning vista. But with the warm, bohemian-meets-bordello decor inside the restaurant, there's plenty to keep your eyes occupied even if you don't get one of the coveted window seats.Firefly has long been one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas, and the downtown location improves on the original.
4	The location is amazing, the stuffed dates are to die for and the service is tons of fun.  Hope that the remodel of The Plaza doesn't make this close before its time.  It is definitely worth the trip downtown!
5	One of my favorite places in town. This location's even better than the original. Great view, great service, great food and great drinks. A magical combination. I always get the bacon wrapped dates, they're perfection. I thoroughly enjoy the shishito peppers and lamb skewers as well. I haven't had a single dish that I haven't enjoyed here. Definitely a favorite in town! This place is great for groups, parties, anniversaries, birthdays, any occasion really. I'd recommend making a reservation for larger parties, especially on the weekends!
3	Honestly, not as good as their other location on Paradise. I think they cut corners on the food quite a bit to afford the amazing location. Worth it for the view though.
5	Firefly brings Fremont Street the culinary star that has been missing(not including the fried twinkies, which are, without a doubt,disgustingly good).  Hidden in the otherwise un-noteworthy PlazaHotel, Firefly is a stylish tapas restaurant (Spanish snack orappetizer cuisine with a variety of smaller dishes) with a cornicopiaof delicious dishes and an excellent view of the Fremont StreetExperience.My party had a table full of hot dishes, including patatas bravas(roasted red potatoes in spicy aioli), manchego mac 'n' cheese, andthe empanada (pastry stuffed w/roast pork, red pepper, w/salad,aioli).  We all kept leaning over the table, sticking our forks ineach other's dishes.  Then we'd order more dishes and more cocktails and look out and watch the lights of the Fremont Street Experience play on the overhead screen.  Everything was excellent, the wait staff was attentive and friendly and we all lamented that we were full and couldn't try more of the menu.  Firefly is a must-visit spot in Vegas.
5	Great Location and View.. excellent Tapas and awesome Sangria
4	Food, good. - Bacon wrapped dates, stuffed mushrooms,  skewers, spinach salad.Drinks, good.- Red wine SangriaDessert, eh.- forgot.Service, good. - Prompt and friendly. View, good.- Booth faced Fremont Street
4	What a view, looking through the window you see all of Fremont. Its like a carnival, especially around the holidays. I had dinner here with a group of six and that gave us the opportunity to order quite a few dishes on the menu. What makes this a 4 star restaurant is the fact your in Vegas, its lively and the location and view are incredible. After a few drinks and making some cash at the tables everything seemed perfect ( I'm sure it was the alcohol). Our order consisted of the following: Stuffed dates,padron peppers, chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms, patatas brava,lamb chops, firefly fries, roasted eggplant,tuna tartare, baby beet salad,boqueones(anchovies), spicy chorizo, baby greens, and lots of delicious sangria. It was a great evening of fun and good food.
2	This restaurant used to be really good, but the quality and service has slipped over time. Have been dissapointed the last three times I've gone there. Further, our last server badmouthed another local restaurant - low class.
3	Hard to rateFood 3Service 4Location 0 unless you count the cheese factor then it's a 5Pitcher of red sangria- goodChicken salad- not so muchBacon wrapped dates- burnt baconStuffed peppers- goodThai beef salad- goodBeet salad- simple but very goodMac n cheese- how can you go wrong with cheese over pasta? GoodChicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms- nastyCamarones Diabla- this was my favorite dish all due to the sauceCrispy duck roll- it was ok but better covered with the Diabla sauceThe result is definitely an adventure. Had I not seeked this place out, I would have refused to come. The Plaza Hotel is run down and getting to the restaurant through the lobby was confusing. Once inside the view up Freemont Street was good. The food was better than expected too. All and all, it's no place to impress with all the 5 star, celebrity chef, over the top dining experiences in Las Vegas but there's something about Firefly you need to see for yourself. Hard to say if I'll ever go back but I'm glad I went. You should try it once.
5	On my never ending quest to eat food, I rarely return to a place to eat more than once.  If I should return, it is because the food, atmosphere or people there are amazing.  Firefly definitely falls on that list for me.I came here on a special date with the lady and was not disappointed at all.  I was able to introduce her to new and amazingly delicious foods.  Spanish tapas are something out of this world, and firefly does it right.  From the artichoke toasts to the camarones al ajillo to the empanadas to the sangria, everything we tried was amazing.The foods, the atmosphere, and the roaming Spanish guitarist all make Firefly an amazing place to enjoy food in Vegas again and again.
4	Great view over freemont street. Lamb skewers excellent. Mussels were average but but good spice.  The sausage and chorizo stuffed mushroom are a must The salads are huge so share one.
3	This is essentially the same in terms of food (OK) and service (OK) as the original location on Paradise... but with much better ambiance and a super cool view of downtown!  It's a reliable place to get a couple of vegan options when downtown (there's really not much else, unless you just want fries.)It's currently closed while the Plaza is being remodeled but should be open again soon.  Get a big comfy booth in the fishbowl and settle down with a pitcher of sangria or some specialty cocktails, and enjoy the view!Beware - they stop serving at 10 pm unlike the paradise location - so get in early.
4	Firefly overlooks the Fremont Street Experience and is a nice place to go to, whether you're loading up on a bunch of tapas or you're going for drinks.  I had a whole bunch of dishes and can't remember them all but here are a few of the memorable ones:Tuna Tartare:  layers of mango, marinated ahi tuna, avocado, taro chips.  Can you say yum?Ceviche of shrimp:  tiger shrimp, avocado, crispy corn tortilla.  Just the right marinade of flavors mixed together.Stuffed dates:  bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese.  If you told me to order this, I would decline.  But if someone else is ordering it, of course it's obligatory to try, right?  O-M-G.  What a delightful surprise of deliciousness!  A group of six of us went and shared a whole bunch of dishes so it was perfect, while we talked and drank.  The only reason for the one start ding is because service was very intermittent at times.  But when they did manage to come to our table, it was very polite and the order was brought promptly.  But my idea of good service is not having to ever have an empty glass on the table.  Fail.  Luckily, we were all have fun so it wasn't too big of a deal.  You should definitely go here at least once, after the Plaza is done with their renovations.
4	The best place to enjoy the Fremont Street Experience! The restaurant sits at one end of the street overlooking the canopy. It's decorated to be a modern dimly lit tapas house. It is red, to go along with their "fire" name.The service was respectable. They didn't have any tables ready for us so we sat at the bar area for some beverages where it seemed that no one wanted to sit. As soon as our table was ready, we were quickly seated close by the window with a view in the tower room. Everything on the menu looked so appetizing. I ended up getting the paella and we also got a few other tapas. The paella is definitely not like the spanish paella that I was accustomed to but it was tasty nonetheless. The tapas dishes were so good that we ended up ordering 2 of the same ones. Even though they were reasonably price, ordering twice of the same stuff added up pretty quickly!Overall, a good place to just have light meals over drinks with friends. Nothing really spectacular about the taste and quality of the food or drinks, but the view was fantastic!
5	Love Rachel; love this location! Why the hell did they close after New Years? They have more than enough business at the Paradise location to fill this one. Then maybe the Paradise one wouldn't be an hour wait with reservations! It is called advertising, try it some time and this one would have been the new more successful one!
4	I've been to both this one and the Firefly on Paradise Rd. The deliciousness of the food is consistent. The alcohol was too strong for my liking, and the host could have used a slight attitude adjustment, but it was definitely good eats. I'd recommend this place to anyone and go back for more yummy tapas.
5	I cried when I heard that the downtown Firefly had closed. Literally. In this hour of sorrow, I can comfort myself with the fact that I enjoyed the chorizo stuffed mushrooms and pitchers of delicious sangria here as many times as I could during this restaurant's short life. Still, it's cold comfort.RIP Downtown Firefly - let's hope your successor can live up to your high standards. Somehow, I doubt it.
5	I liked the tapas better than in Spain, reasonably prices, mojito's fun although mine needed a little more flavor and liquor, stools at the bar could be replaced but I JUST LOVED this place - Come to CA!
