4	I'm not surprised to the be the first to review the Roadrunner, my sis lives down the dirt road from this place in New River.This, my loves, is a real roadhouse.  A no-nonsense, bikers' paradise.  The place is huge.  I mean REALLY HUGE.  Indoors, there is the main bar, the pool room (with a ceiling full of pool-cue holes), a full kitchen which makes pretty damned good food, and what was once a cafe, but is now just a room for storage.Outside, there's a huge deck with an outdoor bar, a horseshoe area, a big enclosed yard for people to park their Harleys, and a beautiful view of Gavilan's Peak (New River's very own big-ass mountain.  Basically, it's my sister's front yard.)We went for Texas Hold-em night, where I'm astonished to report, I won the first round.  This is a tournament with around twenty to twenty-five players that they have every Thursday night.  The chips are free and there's no real gambling, but as the winner of the first tournament (I really can't believe I won!), the bar manager gave me a gift certificate for $20.  Sweet!  I, of course, gave it to my baby sis (who, believe it or not, won the second tournament and a $20 gift certificate of her own!)We spent the night at baby sis's house, and came back the next morning.  She treated us to breakfast with the gift certificates.  I ordered the ham and eggs breakfast with coffee, and after the previous night's poker fun, that breakfast rocked my little world.  Well done, and a pleasure to eat out on their covered deck.All in all, I had a blast---I love the folks in New River.  Down to earth desert folk, one and all, and excellent poker players, every one.  Thanks y'all!!!  I will definitely be back.
5	Born and raised in Arizona, I love to go to bars like this- off the beaten path so to speak.  I live in California now and you dont find much of these where I live.  Kind of helps me re-live my times in Sweet Home Arizona.   I visited family back in August and we took a trip here and to my surprise it got a little bit cooler than the weather beating down on us in Scottsdale.  I loved the place right away.  The outdoor patio was perfect, equipped with a full bar a stage for bands performing, karaoke.  Just a good time place.  I can't wait to come back and hopefully on the back of my Dad's bike this time! Not to mention the food was AWESOME- big fat juicy burgers- I'll take it!!!
4	A true road rider's dive bar.I'm not a road rider, so I totally didn't fit in, but I looked cool riding bitch on my friend's motorcycle and pulling in.I like the outdoor-ness of the place.  That way people can smoke, have a good time... and the beers were good. :)I had a sandwhich... it was pretty good as well.
1	Just don't bother ordering anything if you're seated. Staff won't bother, either.
1	Ok, normally I dont review...good or bad but this was SO bad I had to review.  The ONLY reason I am giving this place 1 star is because the sweet blonde waitress was working her behind off.  She was the only waitress on shift there for dinner tonight (what restaurant manager does that I dont know) and she was running around like crazy trying to keep up.  There was our table, a table of 8... another table of like 16, at least four other tables in the dining area and a good amount of people outside because it was karoke night!!  Them only having one server for dinner on a weekend... strike one!The food came over an hour after ordering and when we got it my husbands hamburger was raw, my chicken quesadilla was cold, my mother-in laws steak was cold, my sons baked potato had a huge black rotten part in it and my youngest son who will literally eat anything took one bite of his cheeseburger...spit it out and wouldnt touch it again.  Terrible food...strike two!Not only do I not review but I also rarely complain, in this instance we felt really bad for our waitress who was working so hard and the terrible food could just not go ignored.  Our waitress told the manager 3 times that we would like to speak with her... finally I decided to take my kids to the car and I told the waitress that it was obvious the manager was avoiding having to handle a customer complaint so we would just pay and go.  I took my kids to the car and my husband and mother in law stayed to pay, the manager finally came over. My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.  She stood there with an annoyed look and said "well?"..... "did you tell your waitres?"  HELLO!!!  she had to come get you 3 times!!! YES we told our waitress!  HORRIFIC manager....strike three!Anyways... we may have considered going back for another try had this manager been the least bit nice and offered even a hint of good customer service but because of the quality of the food and the terrible management this place is under, we will not be going back and we will be telling all of our Anthemite friends to avoid this place like the plague!  If you are reading this and you are the owner of the Roadrunner.... get rid of your manager!!!
4	I liked my visit here. The young one and I headed North for some grub. I like to take mini-drives to find places to eat. We both got burgers and mine was greasy, but it tasted soo good. The fries and salad we good too. The service was slow but I really was in no hurry at all so I didn't mind. The karaoke outside on the bar was interesting to hear, I wouldn't mind bringing Angie to show em how it is done, but heck they were having a good time. I missed the "Little Person" wresting but will try to make it next time.
1	If you value your safety stay far away from this place! Went there yesterday for a classic bike show and while waiting for my breakfast (45min wait for a breakfast burrito); a fight broke out between two biker gangs. The employees did nothing to stop it; rather just watched as this guy got the living you know what beat out of him. They didn't even verbally discuss discontent. They did nothing! This is not a safe place to bring your family.
4	I had the burger again this time. It was not greasy at all and had a nice flavor. I asked for some of the jalapeno cream cheese to try with it. That stuff it awesome. The fries were thick but not steak fries. I liked them a lot. The staff was really nice but a bit slow on the kitchen side. I however, did not mind as it was beautiful to sit out on the patio, wind blowing through my used be hair looking out over the desert. Prices are good, totally worth a drive to New River.
4	Killer dive bar!DJ, outdoor dance floor, and horse shoe pit!  What more could one ask for?!?Fun every time I've been there.
3	This is a fun place to hang out and drink some beers.  The food is just average...although I'm vegetarian so my options are limited, although they do offer their burgers with a portabella mushroom instead of meat.  I had the southwest salad once without the chicken and the roasted corn kernals were hard as a rock and the black beans were either undercooked or old and hard too.  They do have a great patio with live bands.
2	Been coming here on and off for many years, seems like new management every time. Pick one: good service or good food. The atmosphere is always interesting & fun, but it's just too spotty to bring the family in for a nice night out. Beers & pool & maybe some karaoke it's fine, but there's plenty of other places for a good meal.
3	We popped into Roadrunner after our ATV touring last week, and I thought it was a cool concept.  It looked more like a dive bar or biker bar, but we were there during the middle of the day, so it wasn't overly busy.We all had different variations of their burgers and sandwiches, and I would give them a solid vote on the food if only because they had some different toppings for their burgers.  The waitress was very nice, but the decor was exactly what you would expect in a bar-type location; not overly clean, but able to eat there.The onion rings were a little overcooked, but overall it wasn't a bad experience.  It could have been that we were all STARVING after our morning outing, but we found it to be a mighty fine place to hang out for lunch.
4	My husband and I were just passing through as this was a stop on the Memorial Poker ride we were on. Service was good at the bar. Had a drink and then head out on our way. I love the decor of this place. Its huge! Nice cowboy/rustic decor. Outside seating... just an amazing place. My single friends have partied here during the weekends and have always had a blast. Might have to head out again on a weekend night sometime and see what its all about.
4	The longest standing water hole in New River, it's a comfortable place to meet for locals and visitors. Inside or outside seating, just changed hands and they've started up live bull riding on Saturday nights.
4	Popped in here the other day, for Sonny's 74th.  Great spot to wet your whistle, hang with friends, eat good burgers and all handled by a terrific staff of friendly waitresses.  I didn't stick around too long, as I needed to be in Rocky Point before sunset, for dinner with the family.Watch out for all those pesky tumbleweeds and dusty roads.Good times in the desert southwest.  Great times kicking it on the playa.
5	New Owners are turning this place around. Average wait time on food is ten minutes and its delicious. Highly recommend the roadrunner burger.Poker on Tuesday. Cage Fighting friday and live bull riding sat. Its a true saloon. Weeknights are mild and its a good frontier atmosphere
4	One of my favorite country/biker bars in the valley! I've been to Roadrunner a few times and always have a good time. From the huge outside patio and huge bike parking in the rear you can't go wrong here. Plus it's off the beaten path and is super roomy. The draft beer selection could use work with more local craft beers but the burgers are awesome. I recently had the roadrunner burger and it was excellent. Went there on Sunday afternoon and they had a great acoustic pair that sang country hits. Come her on Saturday nights to see bull riding. Not your generic mechanical bull you would find a anywhere, I'm talking about a real life bull!!! An awesome site. They usually have a band on Saturdays too.Ill be making Roadrunner a stop when I'm in the area, heck it's worth the drive or better yet a ride up there!
5	Back after 12 years to the place I met Paul. Outside bar and stage is much better than I remember. All you sissies complaining, lighten up, it's been here longer than the TGIF's you're used to. I love this place.
4	After a great day a Sedona's Slide Rock, we decided to try a local place for dinner on the way back to Phoenix.  It was a good choice!  The sirloin steak was tender & juicy, the chili burger was huge & hearty, & not a piece of chicken fried steak left on the plate. My friend even had the liver & onions & was pleased.  Please don't mistake this for some fancy chophouse, this is a good old fashion home town saloon with some great grub & friendly service.
4	Soooo, I used to work here. I am the blonde waitress referenced in Callie's review. I will not lie - the Roadrunner was a disgusting s***hole when I worked there 2 years ago. It was known for being a disgusting s***hole all through my childhood - nobody ever ventured in save the bikers. The new owners have really turned it around though. Families are totally welcome - there are babies, teenagers, college kids, adults, and grizzled old-timers. We had a blast taking my 1 year old godson to watch the bull riding on Saturday nights. They even have a stage now, and live bands that are actually pretty talented, and there's room to dance. It's no longer just a sit-on-your-bee-hind-and-drink bar, there's entertainment of some kind.The food is really good too - the french dip is amazing and so is the Roadrunner Burger. Last time we went for lunch, our waitress was really nice and attentive (a far cry from the staff when I was employed). Kudos to the new owners!
5	Don't expect the Ritz but this place is the best I've ever been to for what it is. Live bull riding, barn-fire, live music and dancing under the stars on a Saturday night. Food was better than anything you find in a suburban strip mall steakhouse. Service was unapologetic but good enough.
4	I like this place. I really do...it doesn't like me. With the exception of my first time here, every other time has been some sort of shit bomb. The server sucked or the bitchy blonde bar tender was a total cunexttuesday. The music stinks ( except western bred) the rodeo was boring, the food was incorrect the drinks were weak or wrong or expensive. My wife dissapears, the kids are sick, the wind is too much, the cold is to cold..etc etc seriously. ButThe place is awesome, in general the service is good, the food is great. There are plenty to do or watch while here. The rodeo can be fun to watch, they do great things for the community and rodeo. Like I said...it jyst doesn't like me.
1	Went out on my B-day and its worse than ever. Beer in red plastic cups, plastic shot glasses, floppy fries, frozen chicken fingers. Wanted $15 to go hang out on the patio - its only redeeming feature - to hear some B-level country act. Obviously another ownership change and this time not for the better. Wait 6 months until it goes bust and maybe the new people will fix it. This place needs a Bar Rescue in the worst way.
4	Perfect atmosphere for location. You can see the cage for bull ride.Out side bar and tables and inside bar.I had Philly steak sandwiches, which was very good
3	The atmosphere is authentic and people are nice but the flies in the summer are disgusting all over your food.  They should give you a flyswatter when you walk in.  The food varies but is typically good.  We like to ride down for breakfast at times and I really like the patti melt.  The music is good and enjoy the bull-riding which is entertaining.
4	this place has been a hit and miss for many years. We went for drinks and the fish fry and were very pleased. the fish fry was really good and as we watched others peoples orders come out and they looked just as yummy. The bartenders were kind enough and we didnt have to wait long for drinks. we did have to track down a waitress but that may have been due to us ordering in the dining room so late. definitely will be going back and seeing if the good experience is consistant.
