4	This gym is really nice and always clean. The office staff can come across rude sometimes. But the teachers are always very friendly and knowledgable.
4	I attended a 2nd birthday party for yelper-in-training, Eliana L, at Scottsdale Gymnastics today.  There were a ton of kids and parents there, and everyone seemed to be having a great time.The staff interacted well with the kids and got them to play games, take pictures, and even use hand sanitizer prior to heading into the main room for lunch.  The facility is larger than you can imagine, clean enough, and appears to be a great place for a kids' birthday party... with Baby M arriving any day now, I am trying to find places that may be appealing for playdates, classes, etc... down the road, and I will definitely keep this place in mind.
1	The employees are all inexperienced teenagers, and the front office staff is incredibly rude.  On more than one occasion, I have seen a parent openly berated because their child failed to behave perfectly.  Not coincidentally these parents stop coming.  It must be part of the business plan to chase away the few bad apples, rather than have ADULT employees, who could handle the occasional outburst, to teach the classes.  We recently stopped going because my daughter wasn't learning anything .. once again the teachers are just babysitters going through the motions.  So if you'd like a pricey babysitting service where there's a decent chance you'll personally be yelled at for being a bad parent in front of others, by all means go to this place.  As for me, I'm through.
5	I had my son's birthday party here and I really could not have asked for more. When I went in to put my deposit down and reserve a date, the owner was very nice and informative and took the time to answer all my questions. When we for there everything was set up and the kids had a blast. One of our coaches was excellent, very involved and great with kids. The other one was helpful but not as involved... But they made my job as a mom easy so I'm not even going to complain.  They served the food and cake, cleaned up and most importantly, the kids had a blast! Our group of kids ranged from 1 year to 9 years old. I'm not sure about their classes or camps but if you are thinking of having a party here, don't hesitate!
5	Great supportive coaching! Owners are so nice & care about the success of your child.
