3	The Apollo is a decent, if unspectacular place to get basic chow.  I've been here for breakfast a few times.  They seem to specialize in egg dishes and omelets here.  I usually get the two eggs with toast and potatoes.  The nice thing is you can customize your order, so if you want, you can get eggs with or without toast or potatoes, or you can substitute a muffin if you prefer.  Lunches are okay here, but again nothing spectacular.  The food is pretty good, but the menu itself is rather basic.  I've had the grilled chicken sandwich and it's pretty good.  They are, however, well-known for their soups and the minestrone & chicken barley and the lemon chicken soups are their best.Apollo is well-known for their catering and their rates start at $6.50 per person.  You can also order a fruit tray for about $3.50 per person.  Our office has used them on occasion and we've been very satisfied.
3	Meh, sad that this is one of the better options on this side of downtown.  Decent selection of salads, hummus, and tabouleh but nothing to get really excited about.  Prices seem fair but portions sometimes leave a bit to be desired.
3	Yeah!  Susan got up early to meet a friend for breakfast here.  Imagine that!  Next thing you know the Pirates and Cubs will be battling each other for first place and Fox News will develop a social conscience!  But ever since the departure of Palmers in the mid-1990s, the Apollo has been the best bet for a cheap, stick to your ribs breakfast.The scrambled egg with potatoes and toast breakfast was a little unimaginitive, but it along with good coffee really hit the spot this morning.
5	I think this is a fantastic small place for lunch.  The food is basic but good and homemade.  The price is right for an appropriate size for lunch. I got the homemade basil and tomato soup and a half sandwich for $5.  It was the perfect size without feeling completely full.  The salad is also pretty good.  There's so many fast food joints in downtown Pittsburgh...Apollo Cafe is quite refreshing for a lunch option. I will keep coming back here.
3	It's neither here nor there.  Bottom line - it's sustenance for your body.  I had the chicken noodle soup and it was "A-OK", not great, not even that good, but it did the job - made me full.  It was inexpensive which was a positive.  I think a bowl of soup costs $3.10.  The one thing I will mention is that it definitely seemed homemade in that there was shredded chicken instead of cubed chicken pieces that are sponge-like and marginally taste like chicken.  There were also carrots, spinach, and onions - and of course noodles.  So while I was not overly impressed or dramatically disappointed, I did feel like it's a healthier option than some of these other lunch joints dahntahn.
4	This little CASH ONLY lunch spot beside Macy's makes some great, great stuff.  They have a daily quiche and about 4 different soups, usually half of these are vegetarian along with a pretty large menu of sandwiches and salads.  I don't think I've ever had a meal here I didn't absolutely love. I usually have either a small spinach salad (with their dill dressing, yum!) and a bowl of soup or a side of hummus w/pita and soup.  So here's the few reasons I can't give the place 5 stars...  1.  It's a very small, cramped cafe.  The tables are tiny, very close together and when the line goes out the door you may have people in line hovering over you while you eat, depending on where you park yourself. 2.  The ladies who work there are NO-NONSENSE.  Figure out what you want before you get to the front of the line or you will be glared at.  They want to get you your grub and keep the line moving so there is no time for smiling or humoring someone indecisive.  3.  The place gets filled with grill smoke when they are going full-bore at lunchtime.  Maybe it's time for a new exhaust fan...Bottom Line:Excellent homemade food & a great selection of it.  But have your mind made up and your cash ready!!!
4	This is an excellent, low-priced, fast lunch spot in an area lacking them. Don't misunderstand: this place is no-frills. Cafeteria-style counter service with a chalkboard menu, they do your average salads, sandwiches, and basic desserts. The service is not particularly friendly, and the food is basic and not fancy. However, it's awfully nice to have a quick little place to grab a bite, alone or with a friend, for well under $10 (especially one that's not a chain!). Another plus of this is its convenient location - for those meeting a friend downtown, it's nearly central (just by Macy's) and can be walked to in about 5 minutes from any location in downtown. Hardly a world-changer, but a nice little place I'll go back to again and again over the months.CASH ONLY!!!
4	This may not be the fanciest place in Pittsburgh but it provides a great, quick lunch which is what I often need when I am downtown.I had the Greek Salad. The dressing was amazing, you can tell that it was homemade. It was very large and filled me up.I enjoyed Apollo a lot and plan on returning.
4	I came downstairs to the Apollo only because I'm on a gluten-free diet and I couldn't eat anything in the breakfast my employer was serving; the Apollo was downstairs and was literally the closest restaurant to my office.  But I had a delightful surprise.I ordered small coffee and a bacon and feta omelet.  The omelet was very nice, with the cheese melted and good bacon.  The potatoes that came with it were excellent, brown and crisp, much better than typical diner potatoes.  The coffee was fine. Total bill was $6.10.  I would definitely return, even if I had to go a couple of blocks out of my way.
4	This is a more than decent place downtown to grab a bite that I happened upon. I had a ham and cheese omelet here prior to a job interview last week, and it was quite good. Their menu leans heavily towards Greek, Arabic, and vegetarian fare. Recommended.
4	I love their bean & vegetable soup as well as the broccoli & cheese soup! :)
3	Apollo Cafe is still a solid, unpretentious place to get a decent lunch.  I met up here with a friend of mine this past week. I opted for my usual soup & half a sandwich combo.  Now my ham sandwich was good, but that Greek lemon with rice soup was o-so heavenly.  Their menu is right--their soups are almost meals unto themselves!I don' remember what Lisa had for her lunch, but we did share an order of carrot cake for dessert.  Yum!
3	Dear Yelp Readers,This small place in the bottom of the 19-story Allegheny Building on Forbes is a small cafeteria style restaurant with mostly home-cooked-like meals, complete with bright red trays.  No diner-like service would be complete without the fast talking always-in-a-hurry blunt order taker.  A friend and I ordered grilled chicken salads --- one of the healthier things on the menu. They were good enough to quench the mid-day hunger of your average office worker, but certainly pale in comparison to nearby places like Zorba's --- despite a similar price point.We possibly made an error in ordering...... perhaps the reuben, grilled cheese with bacon, or the many "melts" (surely served with mashed potatoes and gravy) would have been more popular, and more squarely in the wheel house of the cooks.The girl keeping the tables and chairs clean was friendly and doing a good job.The menu, the food, and experience was mostly forgettable, and I'm not sure we'll remember to go back.Hyphenatedly yours....
3	I heard that the Apollo Cafe had good soups; plus they are close to my office. I opted for the broccoli cheese soup...which was excellent. However I thought that they might have more Greek food on their menu. Not really. I opted to get the quiche (spinach, tomato, feta) as well. It was not bad, but I don't think it was worth the $5.25 that I paid for it (would have been happier with a bowl vs. a cup of the soup!). With a drink, everything came to more than $11...which isn't expensive....but isn't cheap enough for me to go every day either. Plus it's small inside and gets really crowded really quickly.Overall I was very pleased with the quality of the food. Marginally pleased with the price and atmosphere. I highly recommend the soup...but get it to go!
4	The Apollo Cafe is an adorable little cafe underneath my office downtown. Service is always quick (sometimes a little too fast...hurried). They offer soups, sandwiches, salads, delicious sides, and even breakfast. I have had their sandwiches and sides. They have the best coleslaw I've ever had (asian chicken slaw with almonds). They only accept cash, which can be annoying, but I just have to remember to carry cash when I go. Pricing seems fair. You get a ton of food for the price of one side. You can even order a half cold cut sandwich (excluding the Apollo Club).The sides do not skimp on the good ingredients. For instance, they have a cucumber, parsley, and tomato salad with some kind of dressing (maybe Greek?), and feta. There is always PLENTY of feta cheese, which I find can be a problem at other places (usually not enough).It is clear that their food is homemade. I love that. It really is the perfect place to go when I am in need of a midday snack!
3	As far as food goes, this place is almost always great, as far as customer service goes - they could be a bit friendlier. I've been three times in the last two weeks because I've enjoyed the lunches I've picked up, but the ladies working are almost always unpleasant, snippy and rude. I understand it can get crowded, but even when I put on a smile and niceness - they are tough as nails. So - I like the food - but the last two times I've left I keep wondering why I go back only to be treated like something unpleasant they've found on the floor.
