5	GIPSY is THE original Las Vegas Gay Dance Club. (And actually the first gay club I ever went to. Ahhh, 21.)The GIPSY is pretty cool and still rocks it every night of the week.  Drag contests, theme nights and a nice little $10 Liquor Bust on Sunday night. ( Ohhh, Liquor Busts.  Ahhh, 21.)GIPSY sports a nice sunken dance floor in the middle of the club.  I've always been a fan of dance floors that are surrounded by people watchers, it's like an arena, and we're all waiting for the ultimate dance off.Also, the great thing about GIPSY the crowd tends to be pretty mixed cuz most people, gay or straight, know about the GIPSY.  A great place to take your girlfriends or your boyfriends......GIPSY always has a nice high party energy.  And if you get there before 11pm, there's usually no cover.  But, come after and it's upwards of $15 to $20.  I know, that's just glam robbery!
4	I am surprised that no one has written a review about this place... On Saturday night we ended up here after heading to 8 1/2 ..(review coming up soon) and walked in on a grand performance of Gloria Gaynor's "I will survive" (such a great hit) by a Diva out of this world. The show was outstanding. And to my surprise I ran into non other than our own Jason D. standing by the bar having a good time. Service was great and the staff very friendly. Now that I think about it everyone in Vegas is just wonderful and friendly even the drunk people( I think that includes me too).
2	Yuck. My friends like this place. Who the hell knows why. Maybe it's because Gipsy has been there forever. For many years pre-Krave and pre-Piranha, it was the ONLY decent gay bar in Vegas. I use the term "decent" lightly, as when I was there a year ago one of the bathroom areas was roped off because some sicko took a dump there and clogged the toilet that flooded the floor.  Eww!We went at Midnight on Saturday a few weeks ago and it was dead.  There were maybe 10 people in the entire bar. Apparently, everyone was next door at Piranha/8-1/2.  If they're charging a cover, don't bother.
2	What happened?I went here, a few years ago and it was great. It was live and packing and it had people.But I guess when the Piranha comes on your turf, then it eats up all your business. Everyone seemed to be there, next door.There is the extra star because we came twice this weekend. And we were served by the most bossiest, sassiest bartender. And she was a lovely diet version of Katy Perry.Otherwise, no. I can't imagine this place charging cover. If then, then make like Amy Winehouse to rehab and just say no, no, no.
4	Wow, only one review? Ok... I'm not surprised.When my friends first got there, they asked, "When does this place get busy?" and the bartender said, "It doesn't." When the rest of us showed up, the doorman said, "Oh thank god, PEOPLE!" Enter a room, split level, decorated to look like a mid-70s crack den. Red walls with faux brick lay "crumbling" away from them, mismatched bar stools and velvet couches, some odd glass closet in the corner that at no point in the night shows its purpose, and a DJ table... But no DJ, just a burned mix CD playing on repeat on the overhead. (Hey! Whitney Houston! *45 minutes later* Hey! Whitney Houston again! *45 minutes later* Hey! ...I think I've been had. *45 minutes later* Goddamn, if I hear Whitney Houston one more ti... Damn it)  At the bar stands a tall glass of water imported from Hungary, tanned and clad in nothing but itty-bitty, tiny-winy black panties aaaaand the two people you're meeting... And no one else.The draw of the place, if you're not a dive bar devotee like myself, would be the CHEAP drinks and friendly service. 2 for 1 specials until 3am. We partook in Tequila Sunrises (2 for $6), Surfers on Acid (2 for $5) and something yellow that we got two of and paid $4 for. All poured heavy and poured immediately, OBVIOUSLY, what else is the guy doing? He was nice enough but remember that this IS a gay bar and he was noticeably LESS nice when the girls showed up. Suddenly the guy who was shooting the shit and hooking up the drinks was completely disinterested and suddenly charging just to take a picture with him, breaking the heart of my friend who was convinced he had met his future husband.Apparently, the thing to do here is go at 9pm for the cheap cheap drinks, get plastered and stumble across the parking lot to the dance club the mutual owner loves more. We never made it over there, so I can't tell you how that place was. I can tell you that if you're looking for a mellow night away from the Vegas rush, drinks that'll mess up your morning but barely touch your wallet and feel like staring at a half-nude dreamboat, you could stay here all night.
1	Don't post a sign that you open at 9pm if in fact, you don't. We waited patiently until about 9:45 for the place to open on a Friday night. The walkway was filthy, the empty planters were used as trash cans, and the whole area smelled like rotting garbage. Bleh.
1	Ummm............. straight up lame.  If Mr. Vin Diesel wannabe can just get dressed and shut his mouth, he might actually be able to pour my girls and I some drinks.  At least the door guys were friendly.  The latin one was cute... make a girl consider going straight again!!!  Unlike their nasty competition next door... stupid fish club.
2	Gypsy used to be the only gay dance bar in Vegas. Thank god things changed!As a whole, it is not a bad but customer service is off & need a serious change!Gypsy is known by its drag queen shows & contests.. Which is fine, but, if you are into meeting & flirting, that's not the place for you since everybody are busy watching the show. One time I got so bored over there watching the show, having no really interesting eye candy to talk to..I sat on the coach closing my eyes for few minutes just to renew my strength & gain more energy for the rest of the night.Suddenly the manager, the big fat tall guy approached me, threatening me: "If you wont open your eyes right now, I would kick you out of the club!!!"Excuse me????? Do not ever dare talking to costumers this way!! I paid money to get in, and spend money on drinks! You should know better you White trash scum!Yes, I did tell him all of that after explaining him who am I in LA!And no, I am not a snob, but I expect a descent service & a welcoming atmosphere! THE LEAST!Another bad service experience I had was with the ugly tattooed bleached hair faggy bartender! Thats right!Who made my drink so weak, I thought I mistakenly drank somebody else's plain redbull!!After Telling the bartender politely the drink is extremely weak, holding few more bucks in my hand as a tip for him to realize & add few more drops...His reply was: No, thats the standard, you need to order double next time and that people should stop whining! WHAT?? Give me a break!He saw that I'm upset yet kept on persisting that he can't help me!What a moron! I approached a different bartender on the opposite bar who hooked me up nicely & also got $6 tip.The other bartender saw it & went to snitch & complaint to the big fat manager from the first story. As the manager was approaching me I chugged my drink while meeting some nice people to chill with as we all got out of that nasty bar to party & spend our money elsewhere.This place is good if you're a tourist on the older side & you are not sure what you looking for! (you wont see real hotties over there).Or if you are strictly into drag shows.Or if you are looking for a sugar daddy.Bottom line: Go elsewhere!If into dancing - go to Crave or PiranhaIf want to socialize, play pool, stay down to earth go to the buffalo, its open 24/7 & get cheaper & stronger drinks as well!Enjoy Vegas!Yalla bye!
1	At first I read the reviews for this bar and I thought 'jeez these people are probably just taking personal issues up with the bar and can't be reflective overall' and I have to say, I was so wrong. First, my boyfriend was DJing for an event that was being held there, so we had wristbands that gave us free drinks the whole night.  So we went to get our drinks, and I don't really drink alcohol so I asked for a plain coke, and I was outright refused.  Literally told I could not have a drink unless it was full of alcohol.  You may think I'm making this up... But here are some more details.The events was a door fee open bar event, where one fee bought you all you can drink the whole night.  Now it makes no sense that I would be given such horrible service as tips from good service is the only was the bartenders would make money themselves but also serving soda actually saves the venue money. So we had our event manager speak to the staff and they said the owner told the bartenders explicitly not to serve soda.  To verify independently we asked other staff, and they all said the same thing.  Eventually we got to talk to the on duty manager and complained.  The rule was not rescinded at all.  Kind of astonishing . They instead gave me and my boyfriend 10 pieces of paper with the managers name on it "Jon", saying I could redeem them for a soda.  Out of everyone we had ten drinks that could be non alcoholic.I can't comment on music as the DJs weren't residents, and I am biased. In conclusion, I'm confused as to why an event that brings in more people than you club regularly experiences on a Saturday night (confirmed by locals) receive such treatment, almost ensuring that the event will not book the club again. Truly tragic.  Avoid it.  I have 8 free sodas if anyone else wants to try their luck.
5	Say what you will about Gypsy. I feel you should just take it as it is and relax.  Of course I was here on one amazing night of outrageously devilish costumes.  It was a wonderful show with the best Drag Halloween extravaganza I have ever seen!  You can tell the patrons and the performers where like one big family.  That is the way a drag Halloween is suppose to be.  UM also the hot shirtless bartender doesn't hurt either.
3	I went to the Gypsy on Saturday 2/5/2011. I know Las Vegas gay life sucks, but I went to a couple of clubs anyway.I went to 2 clubs prior to the Gypsy that night, The Backdoor Lounge & Piranha. After the other two clubs, I entered the Gypsy around 4am. It was packed, Hip-Hop music playing, weaves and 3" press-on nails moving through the air with sensual rhythms. Got my drink-on with a Vodka and Rockstar,cuz they did not have red bull.So, I was dancing to hip hop, having fun, knowing I was one of just a handful of people who were not black in the club. The club seemed to have a mix of straight people, heavy lesbian presence and gay guys with everyone looking for their own "honey".After an hour of getting here and getting my dance-on, a fight breaks out on the dance floor. The crowd scatters and security rushes in. I see guys on the dance floor pushing each other and people tripping to the floor. Biatches scream and run for their lifes! FUN NIGHT!
4	Was finally awake late enough to go. It was pretty packed. GREAT DRINKS! The music was mostly hip hop, r&b, and rap. Got a lil to freaky in there but hey what can you do. Lol
3	Strip Club?After spending my New Years at Piranha we decided to walk across the parking lot to this place.  Oh Lordy!  It was jammed packed.  The crowd was more female than men.  We kept trying to figure out if it was lesbian night or what.  The crowd that night was more african american with your few whites and mexicans.  the atmosphere was fun. I stuck out like a sore thumb given i was with two of my black friends.  We loved the crowd however it was tooooooooo crowded to the point where we couldn't move and bumping into people.  I found myself apologizing a lot and saying excuse me.  As we were dancing the music shut off and some guy got on the mic and started moving people away from what looked like a dancing block.  He kept saying people with money to the front. Huh?  Well all of a sudden the music gets all sexy and BAM! Lucsious Lucy comes out (not her real or stage name made it up can't remember) and she walks up to the block and lays on her back and opens her legs and starts moving across the block to the end.  Don't know the name to that move so i called it the helicopter.  I love things like this so i quickly pulled out my Iphone and started recording the whole performance.  I was shocked that this was going on at a dance club not strip club. None the less its entertaining,  People were throwing money on the stage.  The "professional dancer"  was not cute at all i will say that but hey to each their own.  We were literally in the place for 10 min total and walked out and headed to Krave because we wanted to dance not stand there and watch someone dance.
2	This place is kind of depressing.  I have seen it closed more then it is open.  Their Drag shows are amazing though.  It is clean, and drinks are strong and very cheap, no cover, nicely decorated.  But like I said other then the drag shows, I hardly see it open for business.
1	After seeing the owner, walk out on bar rescue, like a little baby, and how the new people that came to the bar looked like they enjoyed it so much more, especially without a stupid name like Gypsy...really, the owner is really shitty, as all his employees took over, and looked great. That owner looked like he had some drug problem or something, smile nod nod nod, smile or smirk whatever the crap he was doing. You are an idiot, a drunk idiot, and you don't deserve to own anything. all your employees need to leave your sad sorry ass, and go to a real bar to work, with OUT you there...
1	Another John Taffer bar that closed.
