4	I love Jamba juice! I love their morning breakfast smoothies (spoon required!) They are high in calories but you definitely need to jump start your morning with some calories and protein to jump start your metabolism. On the other hand, they have 3 great low calorie smoothies to enjoy and everything in between! Enjoy yourself a free boost! For the brave and health conscious, definitely take advantage of the wheat grass shots. The prices at Jamba are not high compared to some of the other smoothie places in the valley, after all fruit isn't that cheap! The people at this location were very friendly and it is a nice location away from all the crazy traffic of tempe with outdoor seating available. *for the smart and brave, order something off the secret menu..unsure of what I'm talking about, google and enjoy!*
4	Jamba Juice is like being on a 3rd date.  You're excited, it makes you feel good, and you're not afraid to engulf the whole meal down in fear of embarrassing yourself.  And if all goes well, they give you a free boost of energy or protein.  Interpret that last one however you want...The point is Jamba Juice -- or JJ as I like to call it -- never disappoints.  Their smoothies have flavor, bounties of healthy stuff, and it would be rare if you felt bad after slurping one down.  I don't think I have to say "go get a JJ, check it out for yourself" because most people on this planet -- unless you're Amish or...from another planet -- have had one or something similar at a wannabe JJ.  The price to pay for health nowadays is a bit steep, but just think about how much an Arby's combo is and not only do you save a few cents on the JJ, but your ass and thighs don't eventually look like an elephant's.I only have one complaint: what's with the styrofoam cups? You want me to eat healthy but then fill the landfill with more useless garbage? Boo raspberries...Besides that though, thanks JJ.  For your mega mango, your pomengranate paradise, and everything else you put in my cup...
4	Typical Jamba Juice, though they did make our's special, put lemonade in it instead of peach juice.  Made it nice and tangy, thanks Jamba Juice.  Groupons are great!
4	Jamba Juice is a healthy-ish addiction of mine.  It used to be just an addiction but when the whole calorie count on some of my old favorites came to light, I quickly switched my selections!  That's ok though... the new, healthier selections are just as delicious.  Now if they just weren't so expensive.  Good tip though, you can get a POWER size and they'll split it into 2 cups for you so you can share. :)  That's great if you and a friend or co-worker drink the same flavors.See ya there!
4	Mmmmmm Jamba Juice. If you haven't been to one of the MANY locations I suggest you crawl out of that cave and dust yourself off because you are missing out on one of the treats around! Cold and smooth, these smoothies will hit the spot on one of those RARE hot Arizona days.My suggestions are the Strawberry Surfrider or Pink Star if you're into tartness, and the White Gummi if you're not. Before you start to staring at the menu with a look of confusion on your face the Pink Star and White Gummi are on the "secret menu" (with the internet is anything really "secret" though?). A quick search will bring up something like 40 different "secret" flavors, but to save you the hastle:Pink Star- lemonade, soymilk, raspberry sherbert, frozen yogurt, sorbet and fresh strawberriesWhite Gummi- peach juice, soymilk, pineapple sherbet, raspberry sherbet, orange sherbet,  frozen mangoes and ice.Now I'm no fan of soymilk, but I don't mind it in the smoothies. But it's also worth mentioning that they will substitute items for you, in case something sounds good to you except for the banana, soymilk, or what have you.
4	Super convenient location, a typically nice staff and typical Jamba Juice selection. Can't go wrong with a Mango Mantra to start my morning!
5	I have not been to a Jamba Juice in a few years now. I forgot how fabulous it really is.This is a new location for me.15 min only parking out front,which I find a bit odd. It is a parking lot with lots of businesses, I don't know why you need to restrict parking. But, I am sure there is reason.Anyway, since I had not been there in a while I had to review the menu. The girl working behind the counter really helped me.I ended up getting the Veggie smoothie. She was so nice she said, if you don't like it you can exchange it.I did like it though and knowing all the fruit and vegetables that were in it made me like it even more.These things are a meal in themselves. It is pretty much all you need for most of the day.The people that work here are great. Like all the Jamba Jucies they work very hard.It is really loud and there is a lot of physical activity going on here. Plus a lot of repetitive motion. Which is not easy. Maybe that is why you only see young people working at JJ.I love going there and I love there products. A healthy way to get a full meal.Be extra kind to the peeps that work here. Next  time you are there notice how hard they work.
5	I will admit it: I am a Jamba Juice Junkie! I love this place because the service is great, the people are always friendly and helpful, and I can get a delicious treat  that's all me. I have to be careful though, because I am allergic to citrus fruits & cannot have anything that contains orange, lemon, lime, or grapefruit in it, so I have to stay away from certain types and flavors of their smoothies. I came here straight from having my braces tightened and new bands & wires put on at the orthodontist and needed something soft and soothing, as my mouth was in pain, and what better relief than a smoothie, right? This visit, I got something that was strawberry-based, and being strawberries are my favourite fruit, I knew I would love it. I ordered a medium-size, which turned out to be perfect for me. I drank it in moderation, put it in the freezer overnight, and finished the rest the next day. This is the perfect pick-me-up or treat, especially this time of year, where here in Arizona, it gets super hot in the summer, and we have to make extra sure we keep hydrated to keep from overheating and getting sick. I recommend Jamba Juice for a nice refreshing change of pace.
2	After hearing so many rave reviews about JJ 's deliciously smooth smoothies, my family of 4 decided to try it out. This was our first experience at any JJ, first visit to this location.  We experienced extremely poor customer service. The girl who took our order was grumpy, didn't smile, say hello, or offer any information even though we told her that we had never been to JJ before. She took our order and our money without a thank you or any friendly interaction. We were so disappointed with our smoothies. They were so chunky that we couldn't even use our straws. Chunks of fruit kept clogging up the straws. I'm not talking small chunks, I'm talking chew your way through hunks of mangos and bananas. I was under the impression that their smoothies were completely smooth. I was hoping that it would be a great way to get extra fruits and vegetables into my kids.  I can't imagine that our experience with chunky smoothies is normal. I have no idea what went wrong. Overall we are pretty unsatisfied with our entire experience.
5	After sending 2 email customer service reports to Jamba Juice about our experience with no reply, I decided to call corporate. They were very helpful and agreed that chunky smoothies are not the norm. They were nice enough to send out coupons so that we could try it again. Thanks JJ!  I will update with round 2 experience when vouchers arrive.
5	After sending 2 email customer service reports to Jamba Juice about our experience with no reply, I decided to call corporate. They were very helpful and agreed that chunky smoothies are not the norm. They were nice enough to send out coupons so that we could try it again. Thanks JJ!  I will update with round 2 experience when vouchers arrive.UPDATE - we went I to JJ today to use the vouchers. We had a completely different experience today!  Yay JJ!  Friendly staff who was helpful , pleasant and engaging. We asked them to make our smoothies extra smooth. They said, no problem !  They added time to the blend and they turned out great!  No chunks this time and do good!  Thanks for proving that the last experience was just a blip!
4	I haven't been to a Jamba Juice in a while so I wanted to give it a shot. Glad I did! The store was very clean and nicely put together, the staff was friendly, and the service was very fast. Oh yeah, and the smoothie was great! It's still expensive, but good when you don't mind splurging a little.
3	Typical Jamba juice, good drinks but over priced.  Sometimes the service is good and other times the High School kids working there seem like typical High School kids who dont care about their job.  On my last visit I had a scratcher for a free smoothie, the daily special was $2.00 flatbread. I ordered both and was then charged $4 when it should have been $2. When I said something they said only one special allowed per visit. What crap. Wrote a complaint to their corporate office but they have yet to respond.
5	If price is your main concern, get on the text list and get buy one get one free pretty often. Gotta have my pomegranate paradise power with an immunity boost. People are friendly and the store is clean for the most part. The drinks are always amazing.
4	This place is like living a scene from ZOOLANDER.... and thats okay with me.same crowd that complains about how their "milkshake" from starbucks wasn't made correctly.Staff s young and friendly. the juice is good. This place is crying out for a liquor licence. sadly, only in dreams Alcoholics UNITE!
1	Not happy at all with the speed or quality of the service. Very unprofessional employees with no sense of urgency or customer service skills.
