2	I lived at the Heritage for close to three years so I have a pretty good understanding of this property. First, the apartments are not well insulated AT ALL!! ALL my windows leaked air - the blinds were hanging on by a thread & would fall off the window on top of me on a regular basis. You put in a maintenance request & they come & rig them only to fall off again a week later! Management is horrible. They all have nice fake smiles but when it really comes down to it they could care less about their tenants!! Break-ins are becoming a regular occurrence there too so if safety is a concern, I wouldn't chose these apartments. Also they are very overpriced & will raise your rent EVERY time you sign for another year by at least $50 a month.To top it all off I just moved out & gave them my forwarding address & they sent my deposit to the apartment at their community that I have just moved out of. Talk about incompetent!!Oh ya -- also the landscaping people come at least 1x a week & they keep up the grounds -- but you can't leave your windows open as they wear motorized backpacks that are extremely loud & leave your apartment filled w the smell of gas!!Read more: http://www.apartmentratings.com/rate/AZ-Phoenix-The-Heritage-867679.html#ixzz0X3kkAfRC
1	i just finished a two year lease at the Heritage. honestly the only reason we stayed so long is that we were on the 3rd floor!!!! moving was a b---ch. the kitchen photo is the same as our units exactly. the dishwasher sucks big time! the pigeons overtake your balcony too.this place is not built very well, they are constantly having blackouts and they do not compensate for lost food or anything (however one time they did put us up at a hotel). there is no bike rack and you cannot leave your bikes chained anywhere outside your apartment. the security gates are always stuck open, so anyone can come in. several of the residents are continual beggars and bummers of cigarettes and coins who loiter around the mail boxes.however i loved the pool area; as hardly anyone ever used it while i was there. i did have some great pool parties, but there isn't a restroom by the pool, so it was a constant hike upstairs for the loo. the windows are so thin, that you hear each passing wind, bird and rattle from your neighbors doors closing shut. i would not recommend this place unless you can deal with the blackouts, beggars and continual shake of the window. if your an east coaster, this might be the place for you; because you can hear everything your neighbor is doing in their place too!
1	If you have never been charged for cleaning and minor repairs before another tenant moves in to your recently vacated apartment, then this is NOT the complex for you. The Heritage charged me for the following: removing a few plastic bags from the apartment, ($25), touch up paint on the walls when I had never damaged them ($32.99), carpet cleaning ($20), tile repair (I hadn't damaged them at all, $24.50). The fact is, any apartment complex I have ever lived in cleans up and makes minor repairs before a new tenant moves in. That is just part of maintaining an apartment complex. I have never, ever, heard of charging former tenants for the minor clean up job necessary before new tenants move in. I in now way left the apartment a mess, and I was respectful of the space the entire (albeit short) time I lived there.I am very disappointed that I was charged over $80 for such things, and I am currently disputing the charges. Other reasons I would not recommend living here: the complex has some "interesting" characters walking around, and it smells like a fish packing plant at night on a fairly regular basis.If I could give this place no stars at all, I would.
1	So we have been here since September 2013.  When we decided to move here there were several reasons that made us decide to make the move.  First, we looked at the model apartment for the newly renovated apartments and it was very nice.  Everything was top of the line, it looked fantastic.  We toured the apartment twice.  Both times we were told the apartments get "all new appliances".  We were told our apartment would have new windows.  We specifically asked if there would be a ceiling fan in the bedroom, they told us yes there would be one.  The apartments will be all repainted with new fixtures, new counter tops etc.  We were very excited about moving in to a nice apartment.  We put down our deposit and waited for move in day. Move in day came and we go to the office at 9am to pay the rest we needed to pay and get our keys.  We had movers waiting on us.  We get there and we are told we have to have a money or cashiers check.  This was news to us because no one ever told us that or explained that at any time.  She told us it was in the packet they gave us earlier.  Maybe it was our fault because we missed that.  I never saw it in the packet and they took our personal checks when we applied for the apartments.  It just didn't make much sense.  This made us a little upset because we had movers waiting on us.  We had to run to the bank to get a cashiers check and come back.  Once we had that handled and brought it back we were advised we had to have something printed from the insurance company about our renters insurance.  Once again, no one told us this.  Luckily they let us get the keys and I had the insurance company fax something later in the day.  It was an annoyance at the lack of detail from the leasing office.  Finally we go to look at our new place.  We walked in to find a mess.  I have never been so upset upon moving into an apartment in the 22 years I have been renting.  We walked into the apartment to find so many things wrong.  Let me say this, these are far from luxury remodels.  Yes, I am pleased with the kitchen appliances.  They work well and they look very nice.  One thing that is a bit disappointing for this apartment is there is no ice maker in the brand new refrigerator.  This seems like something that would be there for a nice apartment.   Upon inspection of the counter tops there are big bubbles around the seems of the counter.  They do not put new counter tops in.  It is a spray coating on the old counters and it is done very poorly.  It looks bad.  Next, the paint is done horribly through out the apartment.  It was peeling off the wall around the light switches.  The painting on the cabinets was peeled off at the bottoms by the floors in the kitchen and in both bathrooms.  Now let's get the bathrooms.  The grout in the tubs (both of them) was yellow and parts of it missing.  They put brand new fixtures in  but left the old nasty yellow grout.  They obviously didn't even make an attempt to clean it.  Once of the brand new shower curtain rods was completely bent.  In the bedroom no ceiling fan.  This was the one thing we specifically asked about.   When we asked about this they told us they never said there would be one in there and if we wanted one we could buy it and they would put it in for $25.  Seriously?  This really just pissed me off.  We were able to get them to not charge us the $25 and just to save myself the aggravation I went to Home Depot and bought one.   Now there are other things that were not right.  No screen on the sliding door.  They did fix that finally.  No new windows.  The window are so old, there is no insulation, they leak air and you can hear everything outside.  It is terrible.  All screens on the windows that open are full of holes.  We are still waiting for these to get fixed.  We don't open the windows because bugs will get in.  The holes are that big, not to mention they are horribly dirty.  The last item at move in that was a problem was the washer and dryer.  In the model they have a nice brand new washer and dryer, they tell you "all new appliances".  We took two tours and were told that on both tours.  We look in the laundry closet and we find a kind of new washer and a dryer that is so old it is not white anymore, it is yellow.  We contacted the office and they said they only put new kitchen appliances.  That is totally not they way the advertise it and not what they tell you.  We feel like we were lied to.  The dryer overheated the first time we used it and they ended up getting us a "newer one".  Also, the first time we went to use the washer it went out on us and we had to go to the laundromat to do our laundry.  They finally brought us a washer. It was "newish".Other problems: Passive manager, LOUD every monday lawn service, trash people are loud.  Stuff going on every day that makes this place horribly loud.  No peace and quite.  Overpriced for the level they provide.
5	I really don't know why people are complaining about this apartment complex - it is BY FAR the best place I have lived where I rented from a company rather than a tenant. I have been here almost 1.5+ years and I can say that I really enjoy it. Here are the upsides to this place:1. My APS bill is always low. I know the old reviews stated that this place leaked cool air during the summer and warm air during the winter, and it was something I was REALLY concerned about because I've had APS charge me $300 for an 800 sq ft apartment before because of bad window/wall insulation. I have never had a bill be more than $90, even in the peak of the summer or winter seasons for 1100 sq ft. Additionally, I never hear anything from my neighbors unless it's a REALLY loud tv, which can be annoying but I can fall asleep to it better than sex noises in thin-walled apt complexes. O.o2. Greystar took over the complex from Equity Residential, which I was sad about because I don't particularly like Greystar as they are monopolizing everything. HOWEVER, the people in the office remained the same and so did our leases, which I am VERY grateful for; the people in the office are the nicest leasing agents/managers I have ever talked to. They have been flexible in time of financial struggle for me (I had a few people give me minimal notice to leave so I had to cover rent myself) and are always genuinely concerned about what's going on for me. They also take constructive criticism well.Additionally Greystar renovated the entire place - apt units, gym, clubhouse, etc. While I opted out of the renovation since I was living in my current unit when they started the renovations, this means other apts have been updated but mine is not. The only downside of this is that the apts are now fetching more than before and switching to a 1-bdrm actually means that I would pay more for less space. :/ This is unfortunate because I have been having issues finding a roommate since my last one ditched me.3. They actually got recycling bins when I thought most apt complexes don't care about the earth, etc. I am very excited about this new addition.4. They maintain the property well; it never looks disheveled or gross, and there are always maintenance people around when you need them. Rick, the amazing maintenance guy who has been with the place the entire time I have, is really nice and will fix anything within 24 hrs then leave you a cute note letting you know he was there.5. I feel safe here. I know that the gates aren't the best and that people can squeeze through them without having a card or having to phone someone in, but I have not seen any crime being committed in this complex which is rare considering most complexes have a loon or two. They also send out newsletters with tips on how to be safe and keep your apt safe around the holidays with the peak theft season.6. They have these cute community evens like wine and cheese night, pizza night, etc. where you can meet your neighbors and get to know people around the complex. This definitely helps to build a safety net - knowing your neighbors means if any break-ins etc. happen, you have someone indirectly watching over your place. I have never had something this awesome happen at a place I lived at, the best they could usually do was put out stale cookies and warm tap water.I can go on but I will stop here. :)
1	Do NOT move in here. They lost our key to our apartment and could not fix anything (our garbage disposal broke, tub clogged, dishwasher did not work properly, ect) for months. They made us go copy one of our keys and give it to them. They decided to redo the pool deck (there's only 1 pool in the whole complex) in the middle of the summer, they redid the parking but did not stick to the schedule they had set, ect. I cannot wait to move out. It's too bad too because it's an awesome location but definitely not worth everything we have gone here to live in a rundown apartment that has super thin walls and nothing special about it.
2	I am giving my update after living here a year.  If I could give a 2 1/2 star I would.  Let's start with the positive.  We hardly ever hear our neighbors on the top or bottom of us.  The space between floors is insulated well.  It is a great location.  Easy to get places.  They have done a few cosmetic upgrades to the grounds.  The staff in the office has improved and really seems to make an effort.  The maintanece staff fixes things very fast when there is a problem.  Ok, now lets get to the things that are not so great.  We got our lease renewal and they want to raise our rent nearly $100 more a month!  (We did talk to them and get that lowered but it is still really expensive).  The place is still very loud around the apartments.  DO NOT GET AN APARTMENT FACING ANY OF THE STREETS! The windows are like paper and leak air like crazy.  Super loud.  Security is still a joke.  Do not live here if you think the illusion of the gate makes this a secure apartment complex.  I have never had a break in but people are consistantly sneaking in the gate that do not live here.  We still have not had any of the stuff on our move in list (from a year ago) fixed.  They promised us if we resign our lease they will get fixed.   We are unfortunately in no position to move right now so we are stuck signing another lease and paying the crazy increase.  This will be our last year if things don't get better.  Or we will move out before our lease is up.
