4	The check engine light came on of the BFs car so we came in for them to read the code. It's fairly simple, quick and free to do at Autozone. They read the code and then printed us out papers of what it means and items we might need and parts that they  have/ can order and those that they cannot. This was way more painfree than asking your stealership to read your car and get hustled for a handful of things that they tell you the car needs.
5	Great staff!!! The guys today were real helpful I would recommend this location to others.
5	Always helpful, especially w/ VW's
5	These guys are a tremendous help when you are looking for parts, supplies or pretty much anything else. I ordered gas support struts for the trunk of my Jaguar, AZ had them in the next day after promising me two-day delivery. Also got free delivery to the store - O'Reilly wanted to charge me $13 shipping for store delivery of the same item. Got a great price on brake parts for my Mini Cooper, plus advice on installation.
5	Super friendly. Very knowledgable and helpful. Had multiple issues and Cory H was able to fix them all. Thank you!
5	All of my needs are met here. And my me being a female, the guys'll there are very helpful. Never really have to go here much, but when I do, my needs are takin care of.
1	My headlight has condensation in it. A lot of condensation. And when the dealership wants to charge you $300 for a new headlight assembly, and you can't find one in a pick-a-part for the life of you, there's only one thing a girl can do: stop caring and just change the bulb when it eventually goes out once a year.Enter my need for Autozone. I've always gone to them to fix it... three times before to be exact. And every time, they give me a shpiel about how I need to replace the whole thing or it's gonna keep happening. And then they replace my bulb for me. For free. And they're nice about it. It's never seemed hard. Tonight was my first time at this location, and they seemed... rush-y. I told my cashier (older, grey hair with glasses... I think he was a manager because he was in a grey button-up instead of red like the rest of them) what I needed, paid, and that seemed like the end of the transaction. I stood there for a second and said "...do you guys fix it for me, or...." He sighed and said "I can take a look." Ok Mr. Attitude...I should have known it was going to be bad right then, but he came out to my car, had me pop the hood, looked at it for literally one second and said "I can't get in there. You have to take it to a mechanic." A little perturbed, I said "Ok... is there a shop close by you could recommend?" He looked me dead in the eye and simply said "A mechanic."No shit Sherlock?! A mechanic. And that was it. He went back in the store and I drove away with my headlight still out.I called Firestone up the street the next day, and they wanted to charge me $80 to fix it. Lol no. So I asked my boyfriend, who is not a mechanic, to do it today on his day off... he fixed it in 10 minutes and said "That was really easy. That guy at Autozone was being a lazy asshole."I understand that this might seem like no big deal, or like I might be overreacting, but I would have been a lot more understanding if he would have just said "We're kind of busy right now, but come back tomorrow and we can fix it" or something similar... or just hadn't been rude? If I'm going to a chain for a specific reason, I expect the same results every time. That's why I went to Autozone in the first place... because I KNOW they can fix it. There's no need to treat me like an annoying, stupid girl who doesn't know dick about cars... even if I really don't.Long story short, I won't be back to this location. And I'll probably even reconsider Autozone as my primary choice for car care from now on.
5	My headlight was out. Waited my turn at counter. Bought new light and the young man working there installed it for me free of charge  I was in/out in 10 minutes,
5	I was there last week having them check my car battery. Corry was there helping me to check the battery. He was very helpful and  honest. He helped me changed the battery and declined to accept a tip saying that he was glad that he could help me, and that was part of  his job.
4	Stop by here whenever I need supplies for my car. It's convenient because it's located near my house and they have plenty of parking. The employees are pretty knowledgeable here and will assist you in installing batteries, windshield wipers, and other easy things that you can buy here if you need help with it. You can also get your battery tested or check engine light scanned for free. Pricing is pretty reasonable on most things and if you shop here a lot make sure to sign up for the rewards card where you get a $20 reward after 5 $20+ transactions in a 6 month period
4	Stopped in on a whim to try a quick fix. I was greeted immediately by a smiling employee who asked if I needed assistance. I informed him what was ailing my ride and he knew exactly the remedy I was in need of. He walked me over to section containing the magic potion and explained the protocol to follow. So far, so good. The AC is blowing cold without issues and the hole in the heater core has been sealed. I think my nine dollar fix saved me about a grand. Now I am "in the Zone."
