5	I have no affiliation with this merchant but I did try one of their pizzas tonight and was very impressed. The pizza is sold uncooked and of course comes with easy baking instructions. What set it apart for me was a very generous portion of fresh ingredients. And a bonus is that you only pay 1.67% sales tax, the same as on grocery products. The owner's name is Doug.
5	Definitely a different experience.A lot of people coming from the North West states such as Washington will tell you how great it is for this store to finally open up somewhere nearby in the Scottsdale location.I'm very biased when it comes to pizza.  But when I tried a pizza from here, baking at home, I got to say it was the very least ... freshest pizza I've had.  Quality ingredients, quality servings, and most importantly quality taste are the reasons why I come back for more.  Pricing is very reasonable for the product you are getting.  Definitely take this over any of the major corporate pizza chains.
5	I had never tried PM until this store opened. First time, I stick to a basic Canadian-style bacon; cooked it myself with just the right crusty edges. I was impressed and intrigued. Two weeks ago The Beau brings home two Mediterranean Chicken pizzas with added mushrooms, onions and olives.  We scarfed those down pronto during binge watching "The Killing" on Netflix. The pizza was absolutely delicious. Last night, we got another one and scarfed it, too.  Papa Murphy's is now my pizza joint for take home goodness. Oh, and catch "The Killing" on Netflix. Positively addictive TV.
5	Will definitely return! Stopped in, and picked up a Cowboy pan for the bf and I. Generously prepared, baked up perfectly and very delicious.  May come back tomorrow! Yumm yumm!
5	We love this place for quick pizza.  It is always fresh, consistent, and tasty. Salads are also good.  A welcome break from the pricy pizza joints in the area. Yet, we don't feel we sacrifice on taste when we choose this pizza. It's also nice to just bake quickly at home and have hot, non-soggy pizza, instead of the sog  that occurs after delivery or pick-up when ordering pizza from other places to take home.
