3	Sure, it's a chain.  But it's also good country cooking.  Make sure you bring your appetite, because you'll get plenty.  They serve breakfast all day, so ask for a menu.  They don't always give it to you, so be sure and ask for it if you don't get one.
2	I must be aging out of Cracker Barrel.  Maybe I'll get back to it, because there are plenty of old folks there.  But right now, they are getting awfully loud.The service was good - in fact, one of the better rounds of service that I can recall having lately.  But I ordered some plate with a sampling of meat, and received one piece of bacon, a piece of sausage, some ham, eggs and one piece of toast.  For something like $7.  My wife added cheese to her eggs and grits and was charged separately for each - at $0.99 a pop.I would rather eat at the Waffle House.
4	It's cracker barrel... it will be just like any other cracker barrel you've been too. Big country breakfasts, down home cooking, you know the drill. It's not fancy but its dependable.
4	Having moved from the West Coast, I first experienced Cracker Barrel only a few years ago.  We have been several times since, and have generally come to see it as "comfort food haven".  When you are looking for a good breakfast, or a homey dinner, it really fits the bill.The place was slammed the last time we were there (about 10 minutes after we were seated, a whole tour bus arrived to an already busy restaurant), but from the service we received, you absolutely could not tell.  She was friendly, personable, efficient, and prompt.  Great job.I think it is fun to walk through the shop while you are waiting to be called for your table, and even though a lot of the merchandise is a bit cheesy, the prices really aren't as bad as you would imagine for a gift-shop.A note for parents: they have the best booster seats I have ever seen.  It is basically a wooden youth chair, complete with arms, but without legs.  It is strapped securely by a heavy leather strap to their chair.  Anyone who has ever used one of the injection molded plastic boosters in a chair can appreciate this simple improvement.  No worrying that they are going to lean wrong and fall right out of the chair!  They also have a peg game at each table that everyone in my family (down to the 3yo (who can't play it "right" but still loves to move the pegs) loves to pass the time with.
2	11/12/102.5 stars.First meal in Charlotte, straight from CLT's Douglas Airport.  This location is my BIL's fave location.  Replete w/ Cracker Barrel's large dining room capacity, its signature shop filled w/ old-time memorabilia and wrapped candies, goat's milk lotions and car scents, and a large selection of rocking chairs for sale in the front, this Cracker Barrel does stand out as having better customer service than what I've experienced elsewhere.  (We used to visit CBs on childhood road trips, but I could probably count on one hand the number of visits I've made in the past decade or two.)Mom and I shared the Country Boy Breakfast (well, she had the eggs, a little slice of the steak, and some of the biscuits and hash brown casserole.  I tried to enjoy the rest, but the only item I appreciated was the dish of fried apples.  While the steak was flavorful (it was actually over-seasoned- this dish haunted me all day!), I didn't enjoy its processed texture, which came across to me as a chopped steak and not a nice piece of USDA choice.  The casserole was gummy, thus inedible, and the biscuits were dry, dry, dry.  I overcame my wariness to try the fried apples (which glistened from the cornstarch that thickened the sauce) just so that I could consume a part of a dry biscuit.  Ironic, then that out of the entire entree ensemble, all I can recommend are the apples.  (I believe Mom enjoyed the eggs...)I did get to try my BIL's French toast special, which is your traditional French toast, but w/ more cheesecake frosting and maple-syrup goodness.  I found its sweetness a little cloying in the end, but I'd take this over the disaster that was the Country Boy.
4	So, it's a Cracker Barrel. Like aaaall the other Cracker Barrels... and lucky for them, I love Cracker Barrel! Yummy food, friendly service, and I always leave feeling like I ate an entire water buffalo. It's pain, but good pain. Maybe I shouldn't eat so much.(By the way, I love the "healthy" options they have now- ham, egg whites, sugar-free syrups, etc!)
2	Food isn't terrible but not the best. The biscuits are good but they dont take care of there employees there for they dont take care of the customers and thats why i left this place as soon as i could. If i had stayed working in that kitchen i would have picked up the pissed off F**k the world attitude that so many have in there. They work you to death with no break and all they care about is getting the food out in 10 min or less from when you order not the quality at all. So glad this place is long ago in my pass though there is one cook that sports tattoos who actually gives a shit and he deserves a much higher paying and better cooking job.
4	finally got to go to Cracker Barrel!!! i was dying to try their breakfast, and was unsure of the next time I'd be in the south, so enjoyed my last breakfast here. the outside porch area is adorned with lots of rocking chairs, very cute. we even ended up taking a picture for the "longest porch ever" photo collage they have on their website as well. when you first walk in, you are in their store, which has a lot of knick knacks, and southern treats (which i ended up getting: apple butter (very apple sauce-y), goo-goos, and this hot sauce) which are different by all locations i hear, as this location also had a lot of UNC memorabiliia. for breakfast, the dining area is quite large, and theres also a peg game on each table to play with while waiting for your food. our server was so great, and he even let me sample the apple butter before i decided to buy some. I went for the first thing on the menu, the Old-Timer's Breakfast. Boy, was it a lot of food! Two egg whites, biscuits with gravy (delicious!), grits (not a huge fan, but it was good when adding salt and pepper), sausage patties (not the best, i should've gotten bacon), and the hashbrown casserole was the best part! it had the cheesy taste, but not overkill. so much food for only $7.50 or so! i also had a taste of the pecan pancakes and french toast and those were yummy too! great experience here, will definitley always go when im down south!
4	We were a party of four: the hubby, my daughter, her friend, and me.I was almost dragged in by my hubby, who has been babbling about their pancakes every day since the latest advert began running.While I've eaten at Cracker Barrel in the past, it's not exactly on my top 10 list of places to grab a bite.My main gripe is the seating. I do NOT like wooden chairs, the tables are small and crowded with unnecessary...stuff. The restaurant itself reminds me of a kitchen from the 18th or 19th century. But I find the store amusing.Our waitress was great. She came over right away to take our drink order and returned with them promptly. Our food arrived hot and ready to eat. She gave us extra napkins before we asked for them, offered drink refills at the right moments, etc.My daughter and her friend shared a starch-fest of mac 'n cheese, chicken and dumplings, fries, biscuits, and baked apples. The hubby got his much-desired pancakes (with sausage patties and scrambled eggs). He practically drooled his way through his meal.I had french toast with scrambled eggs and bacon. Great that there were four pieces of french toast but the powdered sugar I love on french toast was absent. My eggs were scrambled hard, the way I like them but one more egg for all that french toast (or one less piece of french toast) would have been better. My bacon was just right: no visible fat, crisp, and just salty enough. I would have gotten a bacon sandwich to go but I didn't think my LDL needed any more trouble.I also had a cup of coffee. Nothing special but it was hot.Hubby said the total was $31. Not a bad price for all we ordered and our service was good too. Four stars for all of the above but at the end of the day, I'd still rather eat someplace else.
4	This is one of my favorite breakfast places. It's simple and delicious!! They have the best turkey sausage that I've ever tasted. It's so good that I question wether it's really a healthy alternative.  I also love their pancakes. They are fluffy, buttery and they have little crispy edges that provide a great contrast to the soft, warm pancake. They taste like something you'd get when visiting grandma's house. They seem so simple, yet you know you couldn't recreate it at home. I also love their biscuits, but I only eat one bread item per sitting and I usually opt for  the pancakes. Finally, I actually enjoy browsing the nic knacks in the front of the store while I wait for my table. Am I the only one who has to fight the urge to purchase those huge candy bars? I mean they are gigantic!! One day I'm gonna break down and buy the 2lb Reese peanut butter cups and a cream soda!!
4	The bathroom was clean and fresh smelling, the dinning room was clean. Very professional and hospitable staff. We came in around 10:39 am. We didn't have to wait to be seated. I ordered the breakfast sampler. We didn't have to wait to long for our food, and it was nice and hot. The biscuits were hot and good, the side gravy was ok, the bacon & scrambled eggs was cooked just right, the sausage patti and ham were cooked just right, the grits were bland but not to thck or watery nothing a little butter, salt & pepper couldn't fix. The Grapefruit juice was good.
5	I grew up on Cracker Barrel thanks to my mother being an employee when I was young. The waitress was a nice sweet lady that brought us coffee as fast as possible. We had the egg and cheese sliders with some fruit and they were pretty good. I always enjoy the atmosphere and the memories that it brings back to me.
4	Simple review...Typically great food, nice atmosphere and attentive wait staff. A favorite of our family.Occasionally, the food is a bit "off" but no more so than any other restaurant that I frequently eat at. Nobody is perfect. The key is customer satifaction. This location does an excellent job of making things right if things are not up to par (a rare occurrence).If you're a fan of Cracker Barrel and/or the type of food they serve, give this location a try.I think you'll be glad.
4	I do love Cracker Barrel's biscuits and gravy with bacon. Not only is it good, but it's also cheap. There was a line on 12pm on a Saturday, but my friend and I didn't wait long. Long enough to walk around and peruse the store. We were seated at a table right next to the hostess booth. Not ideal, but people tried not bumping into us. Like I said the place was packed, so we didn't really have much of a choice. Marilyn was our waitress. She was nice and quick. After we ordered it only took about 10 minutes to get our food. I ordered my usual, which was actually better than it normally is. Score for me! My friend ordered the "vegetable" plate. I put that in quotes because you can order mac and cheese, fried okra, and other sort of vegetables but not really vegetables. In the end, my bill came out to $5.02. Not shabby for an awesome brunch.
4	GreAt food, nice people, but watch your silverware, might be dirty. Strawberry iced tea is great.
3	Blueberry pancake... 5 stars! Use of real butter and (mostly) maple syrup = excellent! Everything else is a one star or less.  While it's cheap and fast, and the service is very (surprisingly) friendly, the food is really average or below. In my mind, there is only one reason to go here: pancakes. I actually don't like pancakes anywhere else, but here they have a crispy outside edge that is just amazing. Couple that with real butter and real maple syrup, and I'm in heaven.Don't even try to come on a Saturday or Sunday breakfast or lunch unless you want to wait over an hour. But those delicious pancakes are available anytime of the day, so hit them up on an off time or for dinner and you'll slide right in.
3	It's everything you'd expect from a Cracker Barrel.  The service at this location is on point.  A good place to meet for a simple breakfast.  Just not on a Saturday or Sunday morning unless you're prepared to wait.  Outside of breakfast, I'm not impressed.  I'll hit up CB on the occasional road trip but otherwise I don't see this as a regular stop for me until I'm at least 65.  Even then, I hope to have broader horizons with so much time on my hands.
3	The place was real busy and in cattle herding mode.  Refills were slow and they were out of a few sides.  Good for breakfast but never great when they are on a wait.
