4	This takeout & eat-in joint has reportedly been open for about thirty years now, but has recently reopened with fresh signage and fixtures. It's bright and comfortable.The staff aren't Egyptian, but the menu is; the kofta is worth the 10-minute wait for it to be freshly grilled, the garlic beets are gloriously, viciously garlicky, and the shawarma meat is flavourful and moist.  The fateer didn't strike me as awfully authentic, and I've never had samosas in Egypt, but hey, they're probably tasy too.  At $10.50 for a plate with one meat dish, two vegetable dishes, and a choice of rice, it's a great deal.  I'll come back to town when they have karkade!
2	Take-out is tasty and filling, but we almost didn't come back after a terrible experience a few years ago. Back then, we were the only table in the restaurant one weekday, trying to enjoy our lunch, but the waitress completely disappeared after the food came. No checking in, no water refill, nothing. Like, poof, gone. I had to go to the back of the restaurant to find her when we wanted to leave.
4	Chicken schwarma here is fantastic. Best in town. Don't add onions though. Pita chips and hummus are also great.
2	Went for dinner on a Sunday evening at the Ira Needles (boardwalk) location, what a disappointment! We ordered 2 chicken Shwarmas in pita, one with an order of fries and garlic sauce & the other with a side of tabbouleh & humus as well as a can of pop & a pellegrino, total price $28. We love Shwarmas & have tried many different ones all over the world.. These were the greasiest Shwarmas ever! I have never experienced such a greasy mess before! The side of humus was very tiny, I think it was served in a toothpick container. In the tabbouleh we could barely find parsley (the main ingredient), it was a heap of bulgar wheat. The garlic sauce for the fries tasted like it was mayonnaise with garlic, not the traditional middle eastern garlic sauce that we know & love. One positive, the fries were crispy. The waitress asked if I wanted all the left overs to go, I told her no, I found the food too greasy & we were given 2 complementary baklava pieces on our way out. Definitely still not enough to make us want to try this place again.
5	This is my favourite shawarma joint. They have really delicious options and if you know which toppings to pick, you will not be disappointed! Their lamb koftas are one of the best things on the menu; I'd definitely recommend.
