5	Whoever classified Foufs as a Comedy Club and Shopping has obviously never been here...Les Foufounes Electriques translates into "The Electric Buttcheeks", seriously. XD Above the entrance on perpetual party street Rue Catherine hangs a giant spider easily ten feet wide. It's not just a punk bar. It's *the* punk bar in Montreal. They've been around for over twenty years -- It's the CBGB's of Canada.Generally there's a line going out the door on weekend nights -- make sure to bring an ID. They're one of the few places that actually card -- though you would doubt those cards are always valid, as I would bet my life I've seen far more than a few high school/junior high school girls in here waiting in line for the upstairs. (Montreal's definitely liberal on their drinking policy -- God bless a Protestant-influence-free Quebec.)Fouf's a two-story joint: chill downstairs, or watch the live bands upstairs. It's loud either way. There's an outdoor patio area on both floors for smoking or when you just need some breathing room. I stay below when I go. Go with a bunch of friends. Order some poutines or grab a one-pound burger from next doors (absolutely the best burger I've ever had in my life, seriously), order some of the local blonds -- the beers, not the ladies -- and you've got the foundations for a memorable night.Ladies night (Thursdays) is always a popular night from what I hear. Free drinks. (Aren't they always, ladies?)I lurve this place. It's not a Montreal terrasse, but it's still quintessential Montreal.
5	100% awesome. I was thrilled to find that this place was only two blocks from where I was staying. Awesome music, reasonably priced pitchers of beer, a helpful staff, an absolutely gigantic spider out front, loads of awesome graffiti to read while you go to the bathroom, and a name that translates to "the electric buttcheeks"...I mean, what more could you want? The space is incredibly large, which was a welcome surprise (I am used to being stuffed into small, hot--albeit wonderful--dive bars). I can only imagine how fantastic the live music is here. If I didn't live six hours away, I'd totally be a regular. If you're just visiting, make sure to come hang out here on your first night because you'll definitely want to come back. It's the bomb. I freakin' love Montreal.
4	We went to montreal for 2 nights not really knowing where to go. we went to foufounes electriques and spent both nights drinking there.
4	So this place is definitely unique and a great place when you really want to go out hardcore. Friday night they have great techno upstairs...it's $5 cover and the alcohol is dirt cheap.The only thing bad about this place is the lack of carding means there are quite a bit of under-agers, but it's still a good time.
3	Fun place and 5$ dollar pitchers during he week. Here's my only issue , on some days , they create 2 lines , one pays 5$ to get in and goes faster (this money goes into the bouncers pocket) and they don't check ID as much and the other line moves slower and check ID more intensly. At the same time , Thursdays are filled with 16 year old girls.
4	when I was living in Montreal, this was definitely the funnest place to be -
4	Yes this place is really nice. Has a great atmosphere, good drinks, and the music was good. I'd come here again if I come back to Montreal.
4	This place is huge. It's a bar (street level) and a night club (upstairs, 5$ cover). The music was mainly rock, hard rock, electro rock et hip hop when I was there. The smoking areas outside have heaters, which is perfect during the cold winter days. The drinks are cheap. The people there are mainly in their early 20's.
2	no very impressed. Bar tenders were beyond rude, and inisting you tip, hounding you to tip. Really not cool.
2	Montreal's answer to NY's CBGB's or Max's Kansas City (if you don't know those two places then you're not old enough to read this review)Foufounes heyday was definitely the late 1980's-early 90's, I remember seeing the likes of k.d lang, nitzer ebb, KMFDM and 808 State here. Going now, it's almost a let-down and you get the feeling they're just trying a little too hard to re-create the magic of those early days. Now it's all these affluent suburban kids "rebelling" and trying to come across as "hardcore" when you know in less than a couple of years from now, they'll be climbing those corporate ladders they so profess to hate right now. Wasn't always like that. Back in the day, things were grittier, the attitudes were fiercer, the music was much more authentic and so was the audience. Were we back in 1988, I'd give it a full 5 stars, but it's always sad to see a place live largely on it's reputation and not what it offers now so I'll have to give 2 stars.
5	Hell yes! Can I uproot this place and bring it back to Vancouver? This is one of the biggest alternative pubs I have been to, and one of the best. I was surprised that an establishment this big could exist without a kitchen, as I know the bylaws in Vancouver are VERY different when it comes to drinking. The cool thing about Montreal people is that they just like to drink and party, it doesn't matter that the place is "alternative" and attracts punks, goths, and alterna-jocks. We actually can all live together in one place! Hurray! I came here last time I was in Montreal, and we came back today for a mid-afternoon drink, and by the time we left, the place was overloaded with Habs fans, who are probably still getting shit-faced because the Habs won game 7! Woohoo! I started with a cesar and ended with a pitcher of sangria, and both were decent. At FouFounes, you will find yourself surrounded by photographic art, tables that have been decorated with band posters, and gates decorated with really cool iron sculptures. The DJ booth is especially rad, and one day I hope to grace it with my rock-n-roll styles. The bathrooms downstairs are spray painted with graffiti, and look super punk rock, and the men's room is great for a photo op - empty or not! J'adore Foufounes!
4	La Fin du Mondes.  :)I wouldn't have known about this place, much less have gone here if it weren't for my wonderful traveling companion's distaste for the club scene and everything hip-hop/pop.  We were on yelp trying to find a bar that wasn't moonlighting as a club... and we found this place.  It's not as rock-centric as we were expecting.. perhaps more punky than anything, but that suited us just fine.There's a downstairs which is cool- this place really is awesome looking- the art, lights, people... but-go upstairs.  Pay the $8 at the coat check and do it... it's a maze (well, for someone like me who's somewhat directionally challenged, it is.) of people, bars, music, mosh pits... lots going on.  We were on a bit of a budget (did you know that many (if not all??) ATMs in Canada don't take Visa??- we didn't.) and it was go up & watch or stay down & drink.  We stayed down & drank (and I watched tennis... lol).  I was curious though, about where all these people were going.  I went up to the bouncer and asked him what was up there.  He told me, and then I asked him if I could go up & look around, and he said YES!  Are bouncers supposed to be nice???  So, I came back to my friend and reported basically what I reported to you.  Next time we come back we're going upstairs!
5	One of my favorite bars in Montreal by far - such great vibes. My friends and I stumbled upon this bar after barhopping, and it became a staple every time I was in Montreal. The bar is spacious, with different areas for every type of activity you enjoy while you're a little woozy. My favorite part was the music / dance floor upstairs, where they played a good mix of rock, punk, and metal. Yes, the poutine was a cultural shock, but have you seen Canadians dance?
4	Cool bathrooms!
4	I've been going to Foufounes Electriques for the past 10 years, and it definitely accommodates itsaging patrons. In my youth, I used to pay the cover and go Fridays or Saturdays for the cheap drinks upstairs and stay til last call. Ten years later, I go for the early evening beers downstairs. Foufs is a central hangout in Montreal for people who enjoy punk, metal and alternative music in general. The drinks are relatively cheap and they've got a decent variety of beer (though the cheapest is Molson... blech). The upstairs is where the stage is, if there's a show going on. When there's no show, it's just filled with people who like to headbang to "Ace of Spades" and mosh to recorded music. There are loads of stupid haircuts up here.The downstairs crowd often runs a bit older than the upstairs crowd, so I hang out downstairs (unless there's a show going on). There's a 4-8 p.m. happy hour every day, a big terrasse, a couple waitresses, a DJ and a fully-stocked bar. There's also a few cheap eats around for the drunk munchies!
3	The giant spider is gone!!!!! (but the hippo head remains!) I haven't been here since 2006 and for my friend she hadn't been there for 7 years.  We were checking out the scene at Under Pressure, when we saw the new mural going up, so we decided it could be a good time to chill have a beer and watch the artists at work. All the memories started rolling back, when my friend recognized the bouncer and was like "omg same guy has been working here for like 10 years." I guess they must be doing something right for their staff to keep em happy. We loved the $2.50 happy hour, and we loved the wide mix of people that were there. Miraculously ran into a few people that I have seen in ages too! Overall friendly and great atmosphere with people ranging from kids age (with their parents) to 60s. We chilled here for about 4 hours watching the mural transform, and chatting with people around us. Good times!
3	A voir, rien que pour l'ambiance, le graffiti, les gens, et les foufounes electriques
4	It's got a certain charm to it, doesn't it? It's impossible to describe this place, so just go being open that things might get a little crazy. This is not a cookie-cutter club where you wear fancy dresses, dance to shit music, and pay $10 for a drink. I would almost argue that this is an institution more than anything, and it has a reputation to uphold.
4	I spent many nights of my youth here in the eighties. It's a great place for a punk or Metal concert. Attended a concert here recently and not much has changed. Cheap drinks, music slanted towards alternative, punk and Metal. This place is the complete opposite of the trendy bars you would find on Crescent street. Just relax, have a beer and enjoy the music, no one to impress here.  Again just like the eighties, I headed... or stumbled to the Montreal Poolroom for steamed hot dogs after last call.
4	I grew up a couple hours from the border and went to Montreal a lot in my teens, but was always somewhat disappointed with the St Catherine bar scene and the club type places that always played awful music. I found this place through a couple MTL punk sites and thought it seemed like a good place to unwind after a concert. A friend and I stopped in here after Warped Tour this past summer - we found a really cool mix of young and old rock/punk/metal fans just trying to have a good time. We paid the cover to get into the upper floors and it was totally worth it. The vibe was great and we made tons of new Canadian friends. Definitely looking forward to coming back here on my next visit to Montreal.
2	I'm gearing this review to those over 25. Why, you may ask? Because it really is a place for high school, college and immature uni students. The music is good if you're into punk and metal. The drinks are standard. The bathrooms are terrible but since majority of the clientele is wasted, who the hell cares. Most of the women here will be barely legal (if that), and the guys will probably need to bathe. I say this with all sincerity, if the above isn't your scene then don't bother! There is nothing sadder than some mid-30's guy trying to fit in and hitting on teenage girls.In case you're wondering, I was a regular from my late teens until 21-22. I've had invites to go since, but uhhhh, no thanks...
3	The downstairs area of this place was great. There was lots of indoor and outdoor areas to sit and hang out, creepy bathrooms with pop rocks in French and great art work. The upstairs area, where bands play, was terrible! I could barely see anything and the low hanging ceiling was a main cause of this. Unless I got dragged 12 hours from my house back to here, I probably would not see another show here. Good for drinking, bad for bands.
2	Atmosphere was okay, a bit too dark at my taste but nothing I couldn't get used to. Cheapest beer on Saturday's I've ever seen in any establishment.Crowd all in their 20's but seems to attract mostly ravers and bikers. Not really my type of people but I get along. I didn't stay long since the person I came with had to go but I heard that they made the floor concrete because it's easier to clean all the puke the customers usually produce. Needless to say I don't want to stay there after 11 when all the wannabe badasses realize they can't hold their beer as well as they thought they could and start spraying their entrails like a squirter in the middle of July.Wouldn't go back. It WILL be your thing if you're into punk/raves/hard metal.
3	I never make plans to go to Foufs, it is always something that just happens and often, it is when I happen to be alone downtown for whatever reason. This bar has been my alone bar since back in the 80's, I've never come here with a group of friends, I've never planned to come here that way (save for one Diamanda Galas concert circa early 1990's)... Alas, these days, my popping into the joint is a whole less wild, and my tolerance for alcohol has been severely reduced. So, as much as I love $2.25 for a beer, $3 shots and all the other very reasonably priced ways to get drunk here, I really come here for the memories.The place still has a lot going for it. It's probably one of the few places where the music is decent, the crowd is a good mix of young and older, though I think it skews to mid-30's or so. I often sit at the bar, sip a cold beer and do a couple of shots with the bartender who is a relic of the old days.
3	I haven't been here in years. Like going down memory lane. It's a cool place to chill. I had passed by with friend in the middle of the afternoon for a quick beer-break. I have no complaints. Not sure what it's like at night though
3	Mixed feelings about this place. As a venue, it was interesting and had a lot going for it (like ample outdoor seating).. and the "basement" where the bathrooms were looked like a set from "Sid and Nancy". But in terms of music, I was *hoping* they would be playing goth/industrial music (as I'd read that had in the 80's/90's) but only Metallica and generic metal were rolling on the wheels of steel that night. The beer selection was also disappointing, especially in a city with so many great breweries. Finally, at 34, I was likely the oldest non-employee there. Since I feel like it's a landmark, I suppose it's worth checking out, but not a place I'd hang out at frequently if I were a Montrealer.
3	As I sauntered up the up the cold street of St. Catherine in my search to find the infamous "Foufs" I was surprised to find how underwhelming it was. Sure, the blaring thrash metal definitely was a change of pace if what you what typically experience in most local bars, but the people didn't seem to match the energy or aura of the place. It could've been off night of course (especially considering it was Monday) but it just didn't do anything for me and I was expecting the good people of Montreal to be more engaging. On the plus, they have great drink specials and the bartenders are cool. I may be back, but certainly on another night.
1	Horrible bounce staff, unnecessarily rough and rude, they exhibit disgusting behaviour and make me want to never go back again.
