4	This is one of the more comprehensive yet not excessively priced bookshops in the area - you get an extensive range and reasonable if not cheap prices.  The fiction section here is reasonably large and other than its biography section (which I consider to be its centrepiece) is the highlight of the shop.  There are other bookshops that cover a similar range, but they are all very expensive.  It does also have areas that are not matched elsewhere, for example it's cooking and gardening sections are both very good and you just do not get these quality of books elsewhere very often.
5	If it is one thing I love more than a bookshop, it would need to be a charity bookshop. Some of my favourite reads have come from this shop and it is all thanks to the readers of Morningside & surrounding areas.Situated near the bottom of Morningside Road, this wonderful little charity shop that isn't much bigger than an average sized bedroom is home to some of the best organisational skills that l have ever come across. As you enter the shop you realise that your trip here is going to be a very easy and stress free one which can sometimes be the case when it comes to visiting new bookshops.The staff here are very friendly & if you can't see the book you're looking for then feel free to ask one of the staff members that have always been happy enough to go and check for me. For you collectors out there, this Oxfam charity shop is also the beholder of a pretty impressive "rare, old and signed" section which isn't even remotely called that but the books are there all the same.Also for you "comic geeks" there is a spectacular collection of comic issues and graphic novels.You'd think that would be enough but there is aIso a beautiful collection of CD's & vinyl's for you to browse through too. they have it all!All in all this is probably the best charity shop in the Bruntsfield/Morningside area if you are wanting something new to read or are just wanting to spend an hour or so browsing through one of the many wonderful things this shop has to offer (there is another part to this Oxfam next door that sells just about anything else you can imagine). Definitely worth a visit if you're in the area!
