5	Went to Piece of Cake for the first time yesterday, as I love cupcakes and this place is close to my house.  I got the coconut cupcake with coconut cream inside, and it was delicious!  So fresh and just the right amount of frosting and sweetness.  My husband got the cookies and cream cupcake, and he said it was delicious, as well.  The woman at the counter was very friendly, as well.  She said they've been open at this location for six weeks.  Dangerous that it's so close to my house!  Their cakes are beautiful, too, and now that I know how yummy their cupcakes are, I will order my next special occasion cake from Piece of Cake!
5	I met with Kevin for the initial consultation for our wedding cake. He was very professional and really prepared for our meeting. I had explained a little bit in advance in our email about the design my fiance and husband wanted. We wanted a very distinct pattern in our cake. When we arrived for the consultation. Kevin was so excited about the opportunity that he showed us a stencil with the design we wanted. He purchased it solely for our consultation. I loved that he was just excited about our cake design as we were. They hit it out of the park on the first consult, but our venue did give us the option to choose our cake from one other vendor. We did meet with them, but Piece of Cake had left such an impression on us that we booked them for our event.The cakes they create don't only look beautiful, they are delicious! We had 3 flavors on our 4 tier cake- choco w/khalua frosting, almond w/cream cheese frosting and white cake w/ almond frosting. They were all perfectly moist and not overly sweet. Overall, great experience with Piece of Cake and highly recommend them for your special day! See my original review on http://www.weddingwire.com/reviews/piece-of-cake-gilbert/81f53dd2674a0eb0.html
5	My husband and I LOVE Piece of Cake!!! They made our wedding cake in 2009 along with a grooms cake for my husband :)....since then my husband ordered a graduation cake for my when I finished dental school and an awesome 30th bday cake for me this year! We've also tried their new cupcakes which are just as delish as their cakes! We cannot recommended then enough!
5	My goodness this place is good! I've been several times and have enjoyed my cupcakes each time. My sister and her husband ordered their wedding cake from here and enjoyed their overall cake design and taste. Not a ton of flavors for cupcakes but they are better known for their cakes. My favorite is the cookies and cream cupcake. Plus their sandwich board on cooper is great, check out if you like cupcakes!
5	My husband just bought me cupcakes from here! OMG soooo soft and yummy! The red velvet is delicious!!!!!
3	Went her for a wedding cake tasting all i could really taste was sugar.  More cake less sweet treat.
5	We recently ordered our wedding cake from them. Not only did they nail the look and design but we got so many wonderful compliments about the flavors. We will absolutely use them in the future like we have for birthdays in the past but now I'm going to tell everyone how amazing they are because they made our wedding cake perfect. Thanks you piece of cake.
5	Very impressed with Piece of Cake!  We ordered my graduation cake from them and they were able to make a custom cake with only 6 day notice (after original plans fell through)... Very accommodating! The cake turned out so adorable and exactly what we described. Also, it was honestly some of the most delicious cake I've ever eaten; so moist! The chocolate ganache filling was to die for! I will definitely be returning for our next big event that requires a cake. The only downside is that it's pretty pricey... But definitely worth.
2	Wanted to give there cupcakes a try.  I have to admit they are not my favorite. The cake was very crumbly and had only a slight amount of flavor.  The cream cheese frosting was gooey and messy.  I really don't feel they are worth $3.00 a pop.  Just my opinion.
5	Piece of Cake Desserts made the process of ordering our wedding cake...well, a piece of cake!  We were referred here by our venue, Portico (http://www.yelp.com/biz/portico-weddings-and-events-gilbert?hrid=-1HPtKcAlyNVxsiNlupyYA), and decided to go with them because A) why not? I had no other bakery in mind and B) the package comes with a replication of the top tier for major anniversaries.  No more saving a piece of stale wedding cake in the freezer!When we went in for our tasting and consultation, we were led to a private little nook to chat with a very friendly woman whose name has escaped me.  She asked a few questions about our event and our hopes and dreams, then showed us their portfolio of cakes so we could tell her what we liked.  Using a few of their photos and explanations of what was in my head, she started sketching.  She showed us what she was thinking, and it was exactly what *I* was thinking!  She brought out cupcakes for us to sample their flavors, and it was an easy choice.  Two tiers of almond white cake, one tier of red velvet, cream cheese buttercream and fondant.  Yum.  All we had to do then was drop off our cake topper before the wedding and the rest was handled.  Woohoo!I didn't even see the cake until I walked in to the reception after the wedding.  It sat there on its pedestal, looking perfect and delicious.  When it was cut and served, it WAS perfect and delicious.  I'm excited for the anniversary replications!
5	Instead of having a wedding cake I had cupcakes at my wedding. Piece of cake even made me my own keylime cupcakes which was a special order. Best cupcakes in the valley!!
4	We recently locked this bakery in as our cake vendor for our upcoming wedding...and couldn't be more excited!! After setting up an appointment, we met our cake consultant for the hour time frame. Kevin was SUPERB in our consultation. We never felt pressured and found ourselves getting even more creative with our cake design!We chose to go with a cake that feeds 65-75 guests. Each layer will be a different flavor (free of charge). My favorite from the cake sampling was the almond cake with vanilla buttercream frosting. We will also be including a red velvet cake with cream cheese frosting and a dark chocolate cake with cannoli/mini choco chip filling. We are beyond excited to see what the finished product will look and taste like on our wedding day. Stay tuned for pics!
5	I had been curious about this little shop for a while, so the other night my husband and I stopped in. It was late in the day, almost 6:00 at night but there were still quite a few different cupcakes to choose from. I asked the gentleman behind the counter if they had any gluten free choices and even though there weren't any in the case he asked if I would like to try one that had been frozen. This is where the amazing customer service comes in, he went and got me TWO cupcakes from the back, frosted them with a dairy-free, cream cheese frosting and decorated the top. I believe he was an owner and was really, really super nice. We picked out four cupcakes all together, got a discount because it was after 6 and were on our way. Ok, now how were the cupcakes?? They were AWESOME! My gluten free, dairy free cupcakes were so delicious. The frosting was creamy and tasted like cream cheese frosting. The vanilla cake was one of the best I have ever tasted. My husband had a coconut cupcake and was really sad he hadn't gotten an extra, and my son had a chocolate cupcake with chocolate mint frosting that he said "rocked" (high praise from a 15 year old). This little bakery is right around the corner from my house and that is going to be very dangerous. I have been craving them for the last two days. Please give them a try, you wont be sorry!!!!
5	Divine! Best cupcakes I've had in AZ!My daughter described what she wanted for her wedding ,and the cupcakes were both beautiful and delicious! This is one vendor I'd highly recommend ! Prices were very reasonable!
