1	They are killing dogs. Abusive. They should not be in business. They are running a tourture ring.Gabby Ugartte -Recently our dog, Shadow, stayed at Green Acres Boarding in Gilbert. When my mom picked him up he was covered in paint and what looked to be chemical burns. Along with a 106 degree fever. They didn't contact our family or the vet and refused to help with any bills despite the fact this was because of their negligence. I want as many people to know as possible that this place is a terrible place for your pets. Please please please help inform people about this place by sharing these pictures or just letting people know. I don't want any other pets lives to be put at risk.
1	***update***Our original posting was deleted by Yelp. Now this posting went from being "recommended" to currently hidden at the bottom of the "not recommended" reviews... So far, 21 users thought it was useful. Why are you hiding my review, Yelp? Could it be because I gave a NEGATIVE review based on my OWN experience? So much for being able to trust your site for unbiased reviews.*********Our previous review was deleted by Yelp for "violating their guidelines" so I'll post another review that only relates to our personal experience with their boarding facility.We used Green Acre Boarding in Oct of 2013 for a 3 night stay. This place was presented as a great place for dogs... Free roam and lots of kids to play with your pups.  This seemed like a great scenario for our 1yr old golden but our 11 year old sheltie just needed a safe place to stay. When I dropped our dogs off, I told MaLeisa that our sheltie didn't enjoy playing with other dogs (she would run away from her own loving, gentle, golden retriever brother at home) and that she just needed a quiet place to rest & observe during her stay. I was assured by MaLeisa they could accommodate that and that she would be fine.Upon picking up our dogs we were told by MaLeisa that our sheltie "was playing in the yard with another dog and having a great time and next thing she knew, Todd was carrying her in because she had blood on her." Our dog had blood oozing from her ear, cuts across her face, was dry heaving and could barely walk. (And, "they had already washed her.") Our Sheltie collapsed in exhaustion once we got her into our vehicle. Unfortunately, our sweet girl had to be put down the following week as she never fully recovered from her injuries. Green Acres makes you sign a contract saying your dog will be dehydrated and exhausted upon returning home but that these are all normal results of a boarding experience. Add to that your dog will reek (which was explained away as being from the flood irrigation they use.) We had already pre-booked another stay at Green Acre for later in the month but obviously cancelled that stay after the injuries to our sheltie. I'm sickened and sad that I ever entrusted my dogs to the care of Green Acre.
1	Green Acres killed my 3 dogs and 19 others last week. I hope they have shut down. Yelp please don't delete this truthful post as you have all the others. You could be saving a dogs life by keeping this up !
1	We contacted Maleisa Hughes last year regarding watching our three dogs (golden retriever, afghan hound and a chihuahua.  The prices were reasonable considering what other sites cost, as they were only charging $20 per dog and they were willing to give a discount for the third dog, so the price was set at $50 per day.  We scheduled a visit to their home and brought our 2 big dogs to introduce them to the owners.  We saw that there was an acre which looked fun for the dogs. They invited us into their home and said the dogs would be treated like members of the family if boarded with them and that all play time outside would be supervised.  Maleisa said they had been boarding dogs for years and were experienced and advised we book early for any dates we wanted as they limited the number of dogs boarded to six dogs.  We felt that was reasonable on a property of that size.  Our dogs were all very well socialized with people and other dogs as we routinely went to dog parks so we felt this would be a great place to bring them. We booked a weekend last fall just to test the place out and see how it went.  We checked in often, via text and and we were told the dogs were doing great and having lots of fun.  The day we picked them up they were out in the yard with the owners running around with a few other dogs and seemed content.    My Afghan hound went to the corner of the yard when he saw me and hid behind some ducks in an open pen, I assumed he didn't want to go home as he had enjoyed his stay.   We went ahead and booked the Christmas week to bring the dogs again.Christmas rolled around and one of my adult children announced she would be home and offered to watch the dogs for me.  As we had already booked with Green Acres, I didn't feel right about canceling at the last minute, as I had noticed that the owners had numerous young children and felt it would not be fair to deprive the family of the income we had promised.  I did opt to leave the chihuahua home, as I felt he might not be safe running around with bigger dogs.  We boarded the big dogs for about 9 days.  When I came to pick up the dogs that time, they were let out of a room in the back of the house and the afghan hound ran to me with his tail between his legs and couldn't wait to get out of there.  I noticed that both dogs were filthy and smelled HORRIBLE.  I can't even describe the stench, but it took several baths to finally get rid of the odor.  I found it odd because the acreage is all grass, so I couldn't figure out where that stench would have come from.  Outside of the smell, the dogs seemed fine until a few weeks later we attempted to go back to the dog park where we had gone many times over the years, and when we entered the park the afghan hound FREAKED out and started aggressively barking at the other dogs that ran up to greet him as if to say, "stay away from me".  I had to grab him and remove him to avoid a dog fight.  We attempted to return to the park a few times thereafter and he behaved the same way each time.  He even freaked out on a walk when he saw another dog across the way.  We spoke to a trainer regarding the behavior and he told us once a dog is in that mind set it is VERY DIFFICULT to break it.  We were very sad and couldn't figure out what could have triggered such a wild swing in temperament.  We finally realized that his behavior HAD to have been impacted by the stay at the boarding facility.  Looking back now, if he was stuffed in a room with 30 other dogs, it would have driven any dog mad, or to fear aggression.We couldn't prove that anything horrible had happened to our dog at that point, it was just a feeling that something bad had happened there and we decided we probably should not use them again.We decided to hire my niece and nephew last week to watch our dogs while we were out of town, because of that gut feeling something was wrong over there and came back to the news that 17-21 dogs had died in the Hughes' care, or lack thereof.  All I can think about is, IF I had cancelled our plans during Christmas and left the dogs with my daughter, I WOULD HAVE BOOKED last week with the Green Acres and my dogs would have been among those poor souls who lost their lives.  We were the lucky ones...I may not be able to take my temperamental hound to a park anymore, but at least he is alive.  My heart is breaking for all the families who lost their sweet puppies.
1	If I could give Green Acre Dog Boarding no stars...I would.  Stay away from this dog boarding facility.  It appears that Yelp has been removing ALL of the negative reviews that this place has had, and I this facility is STILL taking in animals despite what happened two weeks ago (and Yelp saying they are closed).  Four of my five dogs died while under the care of this boarding facility.  I was "promised" that no more than ten dogs would be cared for at a time.  When we dropped our dogs off, there was only two "larger" dogs and about four small dogs at their house.  My dogs ran around the yard, and seemed to be OK.  We were going out of town for two funerals, and our five dogs (English Bulldog puppy, Manchester Terrier, Pit Bull, Great Dane, and rescue dog) were to stay at their facility for about ten days.  I received a call very late at night that four of our dogs had ran away and died from heat exhaustion (one of which being a six month old puppy and one being a 12 year old blind/deaf dog).  I later found out that my four "furry children" were only four of the twenty-some dogs that died under their care, and i was lied to...they did not run away; they were neglected.  I had NO CLUE the owners were going to be out of town, or I would have had ANYONE I could think of go pick them up.  On top of this tragedy, not once have we received any type of apology for our loss from the owners.  They met my family upon drop off, and knew we had two small children we would have to explain this to...no remorse...no apology.  Please don't take any animal here.  They shouldn't be allowed to care for animals.
