5	I have ran the PF Chang half marathon for six out of the ten years it has been in existence. The early days were a little rough at times. Parking was challenging and boarding buses to go to the state capital building felt a little like Monster's Ball. Over the years the race organizers have really worked to improve everything. Last year the half and marathon starting locations were separated and that has been a nice change. The half starts on Mill Avenue and that has helped parking. This year I was able to park at Chili's without any problems. Lineup is easy, plenty of water & Gatorade stations along the way - even PF Chang CEO Rick Federico volunteered at a water station during the race.The expo is always busy, but it is Friday & Saturday which gives plenty of time to pick up the race bib. There are good speakers and plenty of vendors in attendance. One thing I truly appreciate is the ease of getting in and out. The expo in Las Vegas is confusing to locate even in the hotel it's located. The PF Chang expo is well marked and laid out.  There is plenty of bands along the way and the race always has a follow-up headline concert. I don't typically stay for the concert because the bands chosen are always someone I have never heard of or some group that was popular 20-30 years ago and not seen since. The race organizers have also recently added the ability to pick up the Heavy Medal Series medals there at the finish. For runners who complete the Rock n Roll Las Vegas and the PF Chang half marathon they receive a Double Down medal from the Competitor Race Group. Typically they are mailed, but now can be picked up at the end. Love it!
5	oh how wonderful to run over 13 miles for no other reason than to get a medal, a t-shirt, and few freebie swag items. the wife recently had back surgery, so instead of letting the run go to waste, i pedaled my bike to the start line and ran the damn thing for her. the start and finish are much different than when she ran last year. for one...it's nearly a mile or so apart. so parking my bike near the start meant i had to then walk another 20 minutes from the finish at tempe town lake. i guess it's a logistical thing but a pain in the foot....but this series, especially this run in particular, is very well put together and extremely well organized. the course meanders through areas that are easily accessible to non-runners, so the course support and cheering is phenomenal. plenty of water and aid stations to boot. my only gripe....and this is with every race i've every been in....how is that these slow runners and even walkers somehow end up in the front corrals (2-6)? they just take up space. if you know you are going to walk nearly the whole thing or are a slow runner, why not start in the back and leave the headache of darting around you less cumbersome?ah, who am i kidding? i'll never be as fast as the kenyans, but for a brief moment as i'm being applauded across the finish line, i feel like maybe next year!!!!
5	This was my 3rd time running the PF Chang's and I would have to say this race is always well organized and the new route was a huge improvement in scenery. Thanks again for wrecking my legs for 48 hours! Rock N Roll Dublin next!
5	This year instead of running the half, I rode my bike in their 20 mi bike tour- what a great way to spend the morning!  The ride was mostly flat, extremely well organized and enjoyable. In addition to the bike tour, half, and full, they've added a mini marathon which is 5.4 miles. I was ohhhh, so impressed by their logistics of getting everyone in and out. Have to confirm but I would say there were easily 10,000 that day. Pretty soon, this event is going to turn into the PF Chang Rock n Roll NATION!
