4	Not the most exciting park ever. Sure, it's got playgrounds, a basketball court, a volleyball court, plenty of grass space for picnics or soccer games, etc. But the real reason I come to this park is the OUTDOOR EXERCISE COURSE. I love it!! Dips, pullups, chinups, pushups, situps, vaulting and sprinting.. all the equipment is here for anyone to get in a hardcore workout!! I would have given it a 5-star rating just because the outdoor gym is what really matters to me here, but the lack of a bathroom facility I think is why the park doesn't attract more people than it does, so 4-star rating it is.
4	There is a play area for little kids right next to the play structure for the bigger kids. They have swings for both as well. Neither are covered though and there isn't really any shade. There is an elementary school next door that has covers over their outdoor toys.There is a big soccer field, basketball court, volleyball court, and horseshoe pits. There is a sidewalk that goes around...I haven't followed it around but I have seen kids riding backs and others walking with their dogs.There is ample seating throughout the park as well as three covered seating areas, two right next to the playgrounds.No bathrooms.
5	This is a great park for it's two separate jungle gyms; one for the older kids and one for toddlers. There are rock walls, horseshoe ring, basketball court, volleyball area all surrounded by beautiful mature trees and lots of green grass . We love it here!
5	I love this park.   We have been coming here as a family multiple times a week for the last year now since we live around the corner.   This place is great.   There's a playground for little kids and one for older kids right next to each other and the equipment is in good shape.   We like the wood chips too.   No mess like sand.   Plus this place has a soccer field with goals,  horseshoe pits and a basketball court.   The big retention basin is good for anything else you want to do.  There are shaded picnic tables and grills too.   Great park with nice trees.
3	Good park but lacks shade. The equipment is great and they have a seperate section for the little ones including baby swings. When the weather is nice it's a great park but because it lacks shade I would not recommend it on a hot day.
