4	a good event albeit it was less crowded at previous tastings by using the pool area and Veil...too many people this year in Veil for hvac to keep room at a moderate temperature but a few tastes later the temperature was the same or warmer but somehow more palatable...
2	I have enjoyed ODP the last few years.  The 1st year was probably the best.  They had a live band by the pool, silent auction, a fun photo booth and lots of wine to sample.  Yes they did run out but they made the best of it and it was FUN.   Year 2 was ok still had a live band out by the pool. Sold shirts and the silent auction had great prizes too.  It was a bit crowded but everyone seemed to be okay with it as we could go hang by the pool.  Now for year # 3 , they crammed all the people into the Veil room with the air not working the greatest.  There was a DJ.  He was ok but live band is always better.  The Silent Auction was not interesting to "me" they had better gifts the last 2 years.  Food was ok, the cheese dips where good but not really that thrilled with the olive dishes. Just saying that maybe you should keep it at the pool and the Veil room like you did the 1st year.
5	Fabulous event and I highly recommend it.  Tickets were $35 each, but for 2 tickets and a hotel there was a deal for $160--well worth it.  The event was several hours of drinking champagnes, wines, liquors, and beers, eating snacks and mingling with other dog lovers.  The rescues had tables out front with information and photos of adoptable dogs.  This would make a great first date, a great event for friends, a great night on the town...really I can't think of anyone who would enjoy it!The Veil Room was packed though and I would have liked some more places to sit and chat, and perhaps some staff passing around snacks when it got crowded as there were globs of people around the food table.  If the event was at least four hours long, it would really make a difference!
1	I had comped tickets and still found this event 1 star. Very small room, no seating and no cocktail tables. Ambiance was awful. Small appetizer section had very long lines and mediocre food.Wine selection was low quality. I have a wine app that tells you all about a wine just from it's label and all wines that were served retail for about $12. Not high quality at all.Skip this event.
