4	VIBE Small intimate lounge, which really seemed like the middle of nowhere after a rocking party at Igloofest. Lots of early to mid twenty somethings were sauntering around. It was all very chilled out and laid back. THE GOODS This place has a good billing of DJs that play. So you can dance or you can just drink and chill out. OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK We could not remember the name of the bar so we just kept on calling this bar "Bar Roo Blurrreee!" Fun little spot that not as many tourists know about. Me likey!
3	Parfait pour une biere festive entre amisAttention le week end les chaises se font rares.
5	May 15, 2013We walked by this place on a Wednesday night less than an hour after we checked into our hotel, but passed it up because it looked a little empty.  As we continue our stroll down Rue St. Catherine, we noticed that the only places that were open were strip clubs.  So, we headed back and intended to make a quick stop here for a glass of wine.  We ended up staying and chatting with the bartender, JG, right up until closing.  He's so great -- very welcoming to tourists, and tolerated my French.  =D  But my French only goes so far, so we had a lovely conversation in English, and he gave us some great ideas of what to do while we're in Montreal.The bar itself is pretty nice too -- cozy space, live DJ, and lounge-y feel.  Drinks are reasonably priced.  There's not a whole lot of other nightlife going on in this area though, so it's not exactly a prime destination.  But if your hotel is nearby, definitely check it out and say hi to JG for me!
3	We have been there twice. Food is good, service super nice. And the look inside is fun. I find the menu a little limited. Maybe 1 or 2 more meals could help. Last time we took the bavette and it was cold, sent it back, got another one less cold... The fish'n chips is very good.
4	Great place -- good music especially if you like local Djs and electronic/ house music. Good vibe, mixed crowed, chill atmosphere. I always bust a move there. Would def. recommend.
