4	The Golden Door Cafe is all organic and even grows their yummy herby goodies on premises. You can walk through their garden and check it out for yourself. Full disclosure.Their menu promises tasty vittles, and it's nice that the calorie counts and fat grams posted right next to the items don't scare you. I love places like this. Even better when the promise of tasty vittles MORE than delivers. I want this chef to come to my house and cook for me daily please. I'd be 10 lbs thinner and probably a whole lot healthier (yet poorer). But yeah I wish we had a yummy cafe like this locally where I could get an amazing, filling lemongrass soba noodle salad with fresh chicken for 350 calories.The Golden Door Spa itself is huge and is apparently quite the local favorite by all the AZ plates you see driving in and out of the parking lot. Their extensive list of services boggles the mind, but what boggles the eyeballs are the prices. 60 minute massage for $170? Seriously?? I think I'll PASS, and have my husband throw some rocks at my back in 100 degree weather for free.Enclosed in the Spa also is a huge gym, complete with machines, televisions, weights, jump ropes, bosu balls, the works. Now this is the part I love, because when we vacation I like to work out every day and sometimes TWICE a day. Yes I know that sounds crazy. But really how many hours can you spend baking yourself by the pool? Plus add in all the crap we tend to eat while on vacation (you DID see my Bakery Cafe review right???)..and you'll know why I grace the machines of almost any hotel gym far more often than should be allowed.Huge list of fitness classes as well...yoga, cardio, body conditioning and even aqua aerobics. Which brings me to the pool. Child-free and piping in spa music for you to relax with...this was where we spent most of our sweaty relaxation time. It's a short walk from the casitas on the property, and it's quite relaxing. Ice cold water, they even provide sunscreen for those more forgetful travelers. Did I mention it was child-free??? Which means the most obnoxious thing around were the bees...which were pretty aggressive on the 3rd day, I got stung on my hand, OWIE.This place is expensive, but it's worth it.
2	The overall spa experience was excellent.  The facilities were standard from what I've experienced from other high-end spas.  However, I had an extremely disturbing experience from their greeter, Trudy.  She needs to be retrained on customer service skills especially for an establishment that boasts a high-end clientele.
4	Wish i could say more about this place but I showed up later than planned and couldn't take advantage of most of the facilities.  I did take a quick walk thru all of it and discovered pretty good workout facilities and a small cafe.  The first impression is a positive one as they take advantage of floor to ceiling windows to showcase the huge boulders surrounding the resort/spa.  The spa gives off a very zen-like vibe and is open and extremely relaxing.  I booked a body scrub/massage and it left me feeling great and refreshed.  Without hesitation i will definitely make the trip back up there.
5	Two words...spa pool.Now that we have a little rugrat, the idea of some quiet solitude alone time is ridiculously appealing. So of course we were loving the Golden Door's spa pool where it is adults only and no cell phones allowed. The weather didn't cooperate entirely with us but we did get one good day of warm suntanning in by the pool.The rest of the time felt like it was spent in the gym itself at Golden Door--but not quite all of it. First off, I have to give huge props to one of their instructors, Dee. She was amazing! I took the Power Walk with her and 8 other ladies one morning. Then I took a Zumba class from someone else that afternoon--surprisingly good considering that the class was mostly people over 50.The next day I did a spinning and cardio class with Dee. And the last morning there I did a total body conditioning class with her as well. She's cute, peppy and above all, extremely knowledgeable. I got more out of the 50 min classes with her than I have in pretty much any gym I have ever been to. She knows technique, she has the crazy energy required to do this stuff all day long and she's FUN.Didn't get a spa treatment this time around because hello, $150+ for a 50 min massage is a little out of my comfort zone. But we did indulge in their tasty poolside yummies yet again--love love love that they have the calorie counts on everything here AND that it is really tasty what they can cook up in a healthy way. It makes vacation a little less daunting when you know you don't HAVE to come back 5 lbs heavier.One downer... please serve something like Margaritas at the spa pool. I know it's all class all the time here so it's just wine or plain lemonade, but give a girl a break!
3	A 50 minute facial or massage will start at $180 (with tip) and range to an 80 minute to $300 with tip. Having said that, I expected something extraordinary.  My 50 minute facial and massage were certainly good, but there wasn't anything special about the service.  We really enjoyed the outdoor spa pool and the scenery. Lovely.  Oh, and we saw a bobcat!  That was special!
4	When staying at the boulders you have complementary use of the spa facilities. My husband and I love going to the children free pool, lounging all day, ordering delicious healthy breakfast and using the facilities. The spa has your standard spa items sauna, steam room, huge showers etc. The only thing I would change is a better magazine selection.
4	My husband and I were staying at the resort and both decided to take advantage of The Golden Door's $99 massage special (this INCLUDED tip!) for the month of October.  What a great deal!  The spa itself is magnificent - it was immaculate and every detail was perfect.  I especially loved the large privacy showers with the rain shower heads.  The spa pool is the best hideout!  No kids, and very quiet and relaxing.  The gym was also spectacular - very well-equipped.  We enjoyed our massages but there was nothing "special" about mine.  Also, I don't think I would have felt comfortable paying their prices if not for the special we took advantage of.  But would definitely do it again if they were offering another spa deal!
5	The Golden Door Spa & Cafe isn't just a place to get a service, it is a destination within itself. We were staying at the Boulders but often made the Golden Door our home for the day.The entrance sets the tone for the entire settlement. You walk through an amazing set up Chinese wooden doors to a calming entranceway. Once inside, you feel the peace and can look right through the sunlit lobby out to the pools and the boulders beyond.We didn't take advantage of the "beauty" section (hair, nails, etc) while we were there but we did use the spa part! My husband had the Ashianti massage where a professional masseuse actually walks on your back. He said it was, under no certain terms, the. best. massage. he. has. ever. had. Hmmm. Think he liked it? When he walked out, he was smiling like he'd been dipped in butter. My massage was spot on (and it turns out the woman was from a massage place I go to in Chicago so she knew who I usually go to -- small world!)After the massage, I went to the steam room. Ahhh. lovely steam room! I know they say you're only supposed to spend 15 minutes. Well, I happily broke the rules. (Shhh. Don't tell.) There was a hot tub, a warm relaxation pool and a heavenly rain shower. Oh, and did I mention that the spa is built to avoid rough corners, so everything has a circular feel to it. They also have a routine mapped out that you can do to help cleanse the system from steaming to cooling to steaming, etc. I lounged by the pool while hubby did it one day.... again, he loved it.The pool area is adult only, cell phone free. Thank goodness! We were there to relax and remember that even though we are parents, we are people too. There is a water station in the pool area, cool towels, lovely views of the boulders, umbrellas for shade, hot tub, babbling brook, another terrific view of the spa building itself. Plus a terrific spa lunch menu. Can I have some more red pepper hummus please?We felt like we were on a cloud. Oh, if we could have only stayed longer!!!! Do you think the grandparents babysitting back home would have minded?
5	The Granola French Toast and chicken apple sausage is the best breakfast I have ever eaten. Period. Also had oatmeal on another day.  Superb. Then there was the fruit smoothie. My wife had banana and I had the blueberry. Perfect.  I also had an entree Mediterranean salad with tofu for lunch.  One of the best salads I've ever had.  Amazingly fresh. Great vinaigrette.  And the tofu was tasty. The natural setting is beautiful. The service is friendly and attentive.  Love it here.
5	Spa Day!! I love being a girl :)Went here with my mom, who is a Spa Elite, and felt like the perfectly cooked noodle upon leaving.My mother made the request that we arrive 2 hours prior to our massage appointments, and with a confused look, I consented. But good thing, cause I could have spent all day at The Golden Door.If you have a massage appointment, you have use of the entire facility including the gym, outdoor pool, cafe, and indoor whirlpool, sauna and steam room. You can even take the classes in the gym: pilates, yoga, zumba. The gym was really clean, had fresh towels at each machine and TVs on all of the cardio equipment. At The Golden Door, they treat you like a princess. Upon arriving at the locker rooms you will receive a fancy white robe, slippers and a locker key. The lockers rooms are also very clean and well stocked with all a girl could want - qtips, lotions, curling irons. My mom and I decided to try The Golden Door's Purification Ritual which involves going into the steam room, taking a cold shower, going into the sauna, drinking green tea, and finally, sitting in the whirlpool. I wish I could do this ritual each and every day. It was refreshing and renewing. I had an hour long relaxation massage, and was very content. My masseur was knowledgable and friendly, but knew when to not talk my ear off. She asked about the pressure and was able to get it just right. An hour never went by so fast. After our massages, we headed to the outdoor pool, with some sunscreen from the locker rooms first. The landscaping outside is gorgeous. The pool's backdrop is beautiful Bolders, and the grounds consist of a rock stream, bridges, and a meditation garden. I didn't try the cafe food, but I noticed people at the pool ordered smoothies that looked delicious and refreshing. My mom, the spa guru, said this was the nicest spa she had ever been to, and I couldn't agree more. We will be back!
1	Very disappointing experience!  The spa itself is very nice and extensive, but the services were underwhelming...especially for the prices charged.  I booked a stone massage and the website said it was 1:30, but in reality it was 75 minutes.  The technician was nice, but certainly not the caliber of technicians I have experienced at other high end spas.  My husband's massage was also very underwhelming.  I was looking forward to this day of relaxation for weeks and it was such a let down.  Even worse, when I woke up Monday morning my neck and upper back hurt - not sure what she did to me, but messed something up.  I have a monthly spa membership in Dallas and have never woken up aching the next morning and I only pay $59/massage - go figure!I tried to contact the spa via email, but I consistently get an error message.  We'll see if they read these reviews and follow-up with me.
