4	We got a coupon in the mail offering $25 in free match play and 25% off the food bill not including alcohol so we thought we'd give it a shot.  I was unaware that "The Bar" was actually a chain in town so I read up on the one by Grand Canyon Drive.  This new location is the closest bar to my house so we had high hopes it would be decent enough to become semi-regulars.  I had never been to this bar when it was previously Bootleg Benny's but the place was completely redone according a patron I talked to and it definitely shows.  The setup is right up there with an above average video poker bar with a few more choices for food than just wings and burgers.  Happy hour consisted of $2 Bud Light, Michelob Ultra and well drinks.  I was hoping for some food deals but no dice.  Thanks to Rich W's review of The Bar on Grand Canyon, I got the prime rib sandwich which totally delivered.  Nice juicy slices of prime rib topped with deep fried jalapeno slices and horseradish but the real kicker was how good the bun was.  My wife got the turkey avocado wrap but for some reason they forgot to put in the avocado so they sliced up half of one and brought it on a plate afterwards.  That was tasty as well since the turkey was roasted and cubed instead of just being your run of the mill deli meat.The machines were also kind enough to bestow a couple of quads to us which took care of our bill.  The TV's were pretty good so I will definitely be back to watch a few games.
5	We have been ordering from The Bar on Grand Canyon since they opened. I order a very specific burger cooked a specific way with a specifically cooked egg on top, (yes I know I'm picky,) :) and GC consistently screws it up...  This new location got it SPOT ON!  Literally perfect! Although it is an extra mile or so away, we will definitely be ordering from this location instead...  Thank you so much for making my taste buds dance!!  :)
1	Horribly overpriced. Live right behind this place and ordered 2 shots and 2 beers and had a $23 tab (before tip). I'd understand the price if I was buying drinks at The Palazzo on the strip, but for a "bar" way off the strip?? C'mon... Furthermore, it took over 7 mins to get our shots and the bar was NOT packed at all and the shots were the smallest shots we've ever been served. At $6.00 per shot, that was a RIPOFF. And they run NO happy hour past midnight. Won't be coming back. Save your money and avoid this place, completely ripoff.
4	So far so good.Prices can be high for a bar. But it's up kept. It's also only 2 months old. Bartender knows how to make a drink here as well!Free potato chips are a tasty treat.  Food is a little slow on delivery. However it's good!Try the BBQ bacon burger with tater tots!Over all we will return. Just prepare for slow service.
5	Get the shrimp tacos! Amazeballs. And ask for Chip or Nick!
5	Great food and awesome service.
5	Mike was an amazing bartender and has an uncanny ability for figuring out what you like to drink.
4	Very friendly service and fantastic food! If you're looking for a good bar to hangout and watch sports and drink beer give these guys a try. There is a shuffleboard table against the back wall to play as well as a couple of dart boards. Just ask the bartender to play either game.
3	Well this was a pleasant surprise when it opened last year! This bar looks similar to the first 2 locations but is more spacious and full of energy. There are some of the most attentive bartenders here (even in the busiest rushes). You are well taken care of here. Oh, and expect the same high quality "TheBar" signature dishes here too
5	Great food....A must: onion rings...Buffalo wings...tatchos...truffle mac & cheese. Not so much of a fan of their chicken tortilla soup.  Right price great food. Btw haven't dined in yet. This is all to go!!! Well worth every penny
5	Amanda the Bartender is the best!  Same with Chipper, Waterhouse, Charlie, Nick and Faryn!  One of the best local bars in suburbia Vegas!  Regardless of what anyone says.
4	Food and service -great! I enjoyed my tortilla soup and Bloody Mary and hubby loved his rich and delicious quesadillas. We split the sliders and they were yummy too. Fun and festive atmosphere. Music above our table was a little bit loud but that might have been because it was around the holidays when we went. Will be back soon since it's been a while since we went:)
4	Unfortunately, I only go to this location when meeting friends as it isn't very close to me, but I do like it. Nice and friendly staff. Last time I was there I noticed that both of the bartenders (blonde called Tinkerbell and a brunette) were actively using customers names. I like that. They also both were very good about keeping our drinks up and checking on us.Food is always great. My favorite thing is the beef dip sandwich with tots, but the totchos (tot nachos) are also pretty tasty. From what I can tell everything on the menu is yummy!Great place to meet friends for a drink or watch one of the games.
3	Nice staff, good (not great) food and decent drinks. Parking lot always looks full, so we went in and the inside was sparse, but it was what we were looking for. Things picked up as the night moved on, Thursday, as all got out of work. One of the staff members told us the lot is full as they permit parking for car poolers. I guess that is a great way to capture the after work crowd. Step up from Remedy's though a step down from Fireside. Both cases are big steps, but this is what the doctor ordered sometimes. We will go back. Music did get a bit loud, as others have noted.
