5	After all the rain this year (and the thought of last years 3 acres worth of weeds on my 1 acre lot)  I decided to save myself the hassle of pulling a million weeds and gave these guys a call.  Much to my surprise they were reasonably priced so I set an appointment.  They were super punctual, very professional, and had more knowledge about weeds than I thought possible.  Even though they wouldn't let me romp their golf-cart around I'm still giving them 5 stars.  I would be in serious weed-hell right now if it weren't for them.  Now I can sit back and laugh at my neighbors and their giant weeds...
5	Ants!  Ants!  Ants seemed to be everywhere!  I tried all the usual home remedies I could think of but for 3 days straight I would find a line of ants from the front door of my salon to a certain trash can located right under my tea station.  Not good, not good at all.  I called pretty late in the work world, around 7 pm but I was able to wrangle an appointment for the next morning.  The were able to squeeze me in around 10:30 and I haven't had a problem since.  They even gave me extra ant traps, no extra charge.  I will be using them again for all my spraying needs.  Thanks guys!
5	The did a great job. We haven't seen any weeds for months! Definitely worth the money I paid. They were on time and very professional.
5	These guys are fantastic. I've been using them for about three years now. When I was first searching everyone seemed so high priced and then I found these guys the rate was nearly half of what other companies wanted to charge me. I gave them a shot and i've always been satisfied with the companies work. 6 month guarantee, kills the weeds every time and I don't see them for another 6-7 months.
5	I recently did my backyard over at the beginning of the summer.  I hired a landscaping company to do the work.  They had received high ratings on Angie's List.   They finished the job and everything was going well for the most part and then I noticed the several of the vines, plants and trees starting to wilt or die.  I call the original landscaper back and he was slow to response and then offered little or no explanation as to what the problem was or how to correct it.  He promised to get back to me, but I wasn't confident in his knowledge or ability, even if he did get back to me.  I had little knowledge or experience myself in taking care of my newly improved backyard.  Rather than letting the plants die or continue to wither, I started searching for someone to help.  I looked on Angie's List but only found companies that installed landscaping, but none that would help in maintaining, especially for landscaping they didn't install.  I was getting frustrated and starting to lose hope when I discovered We Kill Weeds on Yelp.  I sent them an email late one night, and the next morning I had a response waiting for me in my inbox.  Ryan contacted me and told me he could come out to assess the situation.  We set a time/date and he showed up promptly to my house at that time.  (He even called me on my cell phone when he arrived, rather than knocking on the door or ringing the bell, due to the early time of the morning he arrived.) I was really impressed with Ryan's knowledge, professionalism and patience.  He spent the better part of an hour examining the different plants and explaining the reasons for the stress or problems the plants were having.  He promised to email me a summary of his findings, including solutions I could do to fix the problems or offering his services.   I was blown away that he took the time to send me things that I could do without hiring him.  At this point, I didn't want to take any chances and risk losing any plants, so I hired We Kill Weeds (Ryan) to treat my plants.   We set a day/time for him to come out and he arrived promptly and took the time to show me what he was going to do and what chemicals he was going to apply.   He did a great job and I found his rates to be very reasonable for the service and experience he was providing.  Needless to say, I would highly recommend him to anyone for your landscaping needs.
