4	I have been there several times and I love it.  The food is cheap and they have great customer service. I would recommend that you try the curry, especially the Panang curry.  I also tried their ramen and it's good. It's not as salty as in other ramen places.One thing that they need to work on is the boba.  The consistency of  the tapioca pearls was chewy and it seemed like they had cooked it several hours ago.  However, the drink it self was great.  I've tried the pina colada and it was perfect. Really refreshing especially  in this Vegas heat.One thing that I'm looking forward on my next  visit is  the steam buns, I still haven't tried them yet.Love this place! Thai food and ramen in one place, who can complain.
4	I've been here twice and tried about 8 different items on the menu.  Short and sweet, authentic Thai food for a cheap price.  I recommend their Pao Pao, which is the steamed buns that come in red beans, custard or meat.  $10 for a dozen.  These are similar to the chinese and vietnamese buns.  They are good, the dough is moist and slightly sweet and are great for snacks or on the go breakfast.Also tried the ramen, while waiting for it, I was nervous, I'm generally nervous about non-Japanese restaurants serving ramen.  Typically, these non-Japanese restaurants have one main broth and they season it according to the particular noodle dish.  This sucks because the true flavor for that noodle bowl is lost.  Fans of the Vietnamese Bun Bo Hue know what I'm referring to.  However, the ramen and broth are very good, true in flavor.  The grilled pork and sticky rice is another standout dish.  Pork is very flavorful and charred perfectly.  The best dish to me is the Pad Thai.  The noodles are slightly chewy, yes chewy and not overcooked and soft to the bite.  This is how it is done in Thailand and rarely have i seen it cooked correctly in America.  The flavors tossed in with the noodles are outstanding and is a bargain for under $10.  My other 2 favorite and cheap Thai places in Vegas are Thai Noodle house and Archi's.  This definitely has the chops to be in that group.  Definitely recommended.
3	I wandered into this place for lunch one day looking for authentic Thai food. When I first walked in, I didn't have a good feeling. There were no customers in either side of the restaurant (there are 2 entrances to this place). I decided to give it a try since the lunch specials caught my eye. After all, for a $6.00 lunch, I didn't have high expectations. However, I was pleasantly surprised once my lunch arrived. I chose the sweet/ spicy basil chicken lunch special with steamed rice and an eggroll. The chicken was breaded (think orange chicken from Panda Express) , with onions, peppers and basil. The sauce was good, but could have used a bit more heat.Full disclaimer-- I love Basil. However, the basil in this dish was crispy. I think they pan fried the basil, or used a dry spice -which was a mistake. The basil lost it's flavor and the dish suffered because of it. Also, the eggroll was mushy and disgusting. On the bright side, the service was really good. But then again- I was the only customer in the joint.
4	Only 4 stars 'cause I want to try a few more times before I so... I'm a big Pho fan. Chicken yakisoba is flavorful with great fresh veggies & sprouts. Hot jasmine tea is wonderful on this cool day.
5	My favorite Thai in Las Vegas! From the pad Thai, to the yellow curry, sticky buns, fried rice, tomyum soup! Ooooh don't forget the crab rangoon.
3	A restaurant with an identity crisis can often lead to good things.  Mega Ramen serves Japanese, Thai, and Vietnamese dishes.  The staff are Thai.  I thought the inside was very nice, particularly the beautiful stone table tops.  The atmosphere has a very clean and warming feel to it.  Even though I was in the mood for Ramen, I decided to go ahead and check out the Thai food.  While waiting for my food, I sipped on a Thai Iced Tea, which was pretty good.  It had a subtle coffee flavor to it, and wasn't super sweet.  It did get a little watery though, but I enjoyed it.  I ordered Crab Rangoon ($5.95) and Pork Rad Nah (7.95).The Crab Rangoon was a bit it disappointing.  It was prepared in the same style that Weera does, long fried sticks of shredded crab goodness, only instead they used imitation crab. The sweet and sour sauce was homemade and yummy.  The fried pastry was thin and flaky.  The downfall was that fishy imitation crab.  After eating about three of them I had enough.The Rad Nah was quite good compared to a lot of Rad Nahs I have had around town.  A lot of Thai places just suck at making this dish.  Mega does a decent one.  The gravy was spot on, nice and thick and flavorful.  The thick noodles were stuck together and layered, and while not the most flavorful, were still very satisfying.  The pork was chopped into small bite sized chunks and fried perfectly.  My one complaint about this dish was that the Chinese broccoli had the outside skin chopped off.  While this exposes the crisp juicy insides of the broccoli and discards any potential bitterness from the skin, it also discards all of the flavor from the Chinese broccoli.   My other disappointment was the dried ground chili powder, which I am beginning to become a snob about after eating the stuff fresh.  It had absolutely no heat and very little flavor  I dumped two heaping spoon fulls into my Rad Nah and still couldn't taste it. This solidly crafted dish became something bland as I ate.  I would really like them to look into using fresh chili peppers.  Overall I liked this restaurant, and I am definitely returning to try the Ramen and hopefully the curries.
2	Nothing I had here stood out. Mediocre, or worse.We had some apps, and the Ramen, in particular, was bad.Will not be going back.
5	Saw Mega Ramen while driving back to the Strip and had a hankerin' for Thai food. We stopped in and were warmly greeted. Prices are very reasonable (entrees from $6 to $10) and everything was delicious. We had fried rice, green curry, and some type of fried chicken which came with teriyaki sauce. The wait staff was helpful and very pleasant. What more could you ask for? Good prices, service, and food.
4	The Steamed Bun is the only thing I can recommend.  Everything else is like your typical Thai restuarant.
4	this is the second time ive ordered here and both times ive been satisfied, the food is pretty good, i really like their red bean steamed buns, the soft shell crab [i just wish it came in a bigger portion :P], and the mochi ice cream, the rest of the stuff i got was good, nothin super amazing but ill deffinately order here again :]
3	My cousin ranted and raved about the tonkatsu ramen here. Such a shame I didn't get to try it because they apparently ran out before we got there. I had to dock a star off just because the sorrow on my cousin's face was truly heartbreaking. So instead, we opted for the beef noodle soup and the miso ramen. Beef noodle soup: This dish is packed with flavor! It's a smooth but slightly salty broth with Chinese broccoli, bean sprouts and scallion. Comes in a large bowl, perfect for a chilly day. Miso ramen: So I tried this after I ate half a bowl of the beef noodle soup. Maybe this wasn't such a bright idea because the miso ramen ended up tasing super bland and super eh. Maybe if I started off with this, then things would've been different. Yelp reviews raved about the steamed buns. We got one each of the pork & egg, red bean and custard. The pork and egg filling was delicious. Savory and satisfying. I wanted more! I would save the red bean and custard steamed bun until the end as dessert. Those are good but really sweet. The cute little Asian lady is really nice and attentive. She was so apologetic that they had run out of the tonkatsu ramen that we initially went for. She was helpful with explaining the menu and the differences between the cuts of noodles they have for the soups/ramen. I'll give this place another go and hopefully they'll have the tonkatsu ramen cooking up in their kitchen for me!
1	i will never order from here again, the food has always been pretty good but waiting for 2 hours for it?? deffinately not worth it, especially when they call me and tell me that they are leaving in 10 min and dont show up for another hour... and they are ALWAYS out of soft shell crab... yea deffinately wont be back
1	No thank you. Their lunch portions are super small. I'm not a big eater, so when I say the portions are small....IT IS RIDICULOUS. (refer to picture). This is like an appetizer portion! I ordered a Thai Chicken Basil Fried Rice with medium spicy level for around $6 and some change...ugh...totally not worth it! -__- What a mistake. Don't  bother coming here. I don't know what the heck I was even thinking. (or not thinking.)
