4	So, it figures. After four years of living in Phoenix, I would FINALLY find a great Chinese restaurant, oh... approximately six weeks before I move out of the city for good. Sigh. I came here the other night with my husband and we picked a few items off the menu. Our food was out within 10 minutes. The portions were very big, and the food (except for the egg rolls) was less greasy than what you get at a lot of other Chinese restaurants around here.My husband had General Tso's chicken, which was tasty, and I ordered the tofu and veggies. The tofu was fried, but lightly, so it didn't get greasy, and the dish was loaded up with crisp veggies including broccoli, carrots, water chestnuts, baby corn..the usual.It was so good.Also, this joint has the BEST EGG DROP SOUP I've tasted in Phoenix. Seriously.I'll be honest, I have no idea how Sun Chinese Dining is for more traditional Chinese food. Because that's not really what I'm interested in. But I can tell you that this place does the typical American Chinese food really, really well!
4	This place also has an excellent Korean-Chinese menu.  Look for the alternate menu given to the Asian folks.  They have dished that Koreans expect in a Chinese restaurant - has very little in common with American-Chinese dishes.
2	We ordered chicken Lettuce wrap for a meal and needed little more lettuce.So I asked to bring more , was told they don't give out free extra lettuce.I said ok just bring some we'll pay.We got about 5 tiny lettuce leaves and they charged 2 dollars for that.I talked to the owner that charge was too much.She completely ignored me and walk away.......
5	Here is the deal.... Sun Chinese does have chinese food. The real appeal of this place is that they serve on a separate menu to those of us who know anything about Chinese infused Korean dishes. You won't get the menu unless you ask. If you do brave to ask, I would recommend the sweet and sour pork (korean style). I would also highly recommend the soy bean noodle (aka. JaJangMyun). If you like a super spicy dish on a cold day go for the spicy seafood soup (JamBong). I can't say anything about their primary menu cause most of the asians and those like myself who grew up in Asia who go to the place ask for the Korean menu. They are the only place in AZ that serve korean chinese food and for that they get 5 stars and a huge thank you.
1	Rain prevented us from golfing one day, so the four of us decided to get something to eat.  Heard there were some good Chinese restaurants in Chandler and didn't have a specific place in mind.  Just drove and happened on Sun Chinese.  My husband and I are Chinese so we know Chinese food and this was not it.  Not until reading the other reviews did we realize it was a "Korean Chinese" restaurant.  Never heard of such a thing.  Maybe they do Korean well, but the "Chinese" food we order was not good.  The waitress first brought out a small portion of  fried won ton strips w/ a sweet and sour sauce for dipping that were greasy and tasted like they had been sitting around for days. Hot and sour soup had way too much cornstarch.  Other main dishes also weren't that great and some of it was just strange.
5	Love this place. Dinner for under $10.00 with huge portions. They also have great hot tea.
4	I've only eaten at Sun Chinese Dining for lunch, but every experience has been a good one! Lots of food for the price. I like that I get soup and salad before my entree. They do love the celery though! Each dish I've ordered including the egg flower soup is laced with celery. I like celery, but if you are not a fan then be sure to ask for them to tone it down.
1	The last time I ate here I immediately got food poisoning and was ill.  Never coming back!!!!
4	The spicy seafood noodles soup is perfect for cold night and it get better everytime.
4	Fast service, large portions, tasty food. Try the spicy seafood soup, vegetable lo mein and mu-shu chicken.
5	Went there the other day with my mother.  I had the jampong (spicy korean/chinese noodle soup) it was so delicious and huge!  The staff was very friendly, will for sure go there again for the food and friendly staff :)
2	I go to this place maybe once every two years?  It's because they have jjambong and jjajangmyun which not many places have in AZ...sadly I have to live with the mediocre food when I have the cravings for those two dishes which are Korean style Chinese food.  Their service is not too good either.  Waitresses are ok, but the owner lady is not too friendly.  She brings out the to-go food, puts it on the table, says a couple of words as to what it is, and doesn't even say thank you.  If the food's bad, at least they should be nice to you, but no.  Not at this place.  Sigh~
5	Discovered this place today.  Went there for lunch. I had shrimp w lobster sauce and befriend Hunan shrimp.  Portions were huge and the prices were cheap. Also get free hot tea. Service was good. Will definitely come back. I don't know why there are low ratings for this place. This place was awesome.
4	Restaurant was busy. We felt as though we were actually in another country as the only Caucasians, but the service was great and the food was excellent.
4	Good chinese-korean food! I loved the noodles and spicy chicken. Worth a try for different type of food.
4	Food - 5 star and service - 1 star.  Get take-out instead!
5	love it!
5	The best traditional real Korean Kimchi, ever. FYI, Most Chinese-Korean fusion restaurant serve you the cheap un-fermented cabbage Kimchi, even at a good restaurants,  but this place had real napa cabbage Kimchi that is fermented over time. It's difficult to bring out the real fermented kimchi because customers are constantly eating and most of the restaurants don't have time for kimchi to be fermented over time (at least a month). This is a Korean Style Chinese fusion restaurant. Basically it's a Korean restaurant that makes Chinese style food that's good for Koreans. So if you are looking for real Chinese food, this ain't the place. If you like Korean-Chinese style Chinese food, you came to a right place. Compare to this type of restaurants in Los Angeles and Orange County, it's not bad, but among Korean restaurants here in Phoenix, this is the best so far. I've ordered jajangmyeon(stir-fried noodles with chinese bean sauce) and jjambbong (spicey seafood noodle soup), and tangsuyuk (sweet and sour pork). All very good. Not the best but best in town. If it was in LA, probably get 3 star overall. In the land of the blind, the man with one eye is the king. *My Ratings:1)jajangmyeon: 5 If in LA: 3.52)jjambbong: 5 if in LA: 3.53)tangsuyuk: 5 if in in LA: 3.84)Kimchi:5++  if in LA: 5++5)Service: 4.5 if in LA: 4.5 =====================over all: 4.9 if in LA: 4.06------------------------------------*my ratings are just my opinions, and the comparing restaurants are overall restaurants that I've been to. I usually base my rating on freshness, intended taste  and target customers we know about, and the price and value.
2	They have new ownership and the service/quality has gone downhill.
4	This is a Korean-style Chinese food restaurant. The majority of their menu is typical American Chinese food (and their take-out menu is only American Chinese food), but there is a Korean section in the dine-in menu -- and that is what I recommend ordering from if you're interested in trying fairly authentic Korean-style Chinese food. The prices seem steep for some items, but I guarantee you - the portions are huge and can easily feed two people. Liang chang Pi (~$20 a HUGE mixture of shrimp, meats, veggies.), Tang Su Yuk (Korean sweet and sour pork - lighter breading and tangy sauce ~$14), Ja Jang Myeon (~$9 black bean paste noodle). Everything was pretty tasty - be sure to mix the Liang chang Pi, but not with the yellow sauce that comes on the side. That's like a mustard sauce, which I'm not a mustard fan. The sweet/sour sauce for the Tang Su Yuk also comes on the side, which is awesome because it tasted good with the liang chang pi, too. Ja Jang Myeon had shrimp, squid, pork, onions, and zucchini - pretty loaded compared to traditional ja jang myeon.  FYI: They don't honor their check-in offer - so don't be surprised if you ask for your free appetizer and they say 'no'. Also....don't let that deter you too much from coming here....
2	Since the owner changed several months ago their food has been very inconsistent. Not sure if they have different cooks cooking up whatever they feel like but some days the food taste ok and some days they taste bad. Our favorite thing to order was jajangmyun and tangsuyook but now the sauce is runny and tasteless. They also have raised the price and the quality and flavor has gone down. Top of that to make things worse they play k-pop music so damn loud it gets very annoying if you are trying to eat at the restaurant. We used to love their Korean Chinese food and eat here regularly but sadly won't be returning here any time soon.
5	The price is reasonable and the portions are huge! Also, the management has changed back to the previous owners so things are a bit different!Monday: CLOSEDTuesday-Thursday: 11:00am - 9:00pmFriday-Saturday: 11:00am - 10:00pmSunday: 12:00pm - 9:00pm
5	The price is reasonable and the portions are huge! Also, the management has changed back to the previous owners so things are a bit different!Monday: CLOSEDTuesday-Thursday: 11:00am - 9:00pmFriday: 11:00am - 10:00pmSaturday: Noon - 10:00pmSunday: Noon - 9:00pm
3	Suns had returned to their previous manager.  This place has HUGE portion sizes, so be sure to bring a lot of friends.  There's a mixed cold platter (sounds something like leung jang pei) which we always get.  Another good dish its the Mongolian beef with sweet sauce served over a bed of crispy noodle bits.  The place usually isn't to busy, so it's nicer and quiet.As a heads up, this is more of a Chinese-Korean goody place, so dont expect a lot is side dishes.  There's only a plate of kimchi, but it is suupppeer good and sour.  Our art least it was when they made their own.  I heard they recently switched to a store bought brand.
3	OK so I've written a review about a year ago, and I went back to this place since my mother of all people were insisting that they are much better now.  Apparently the ownership has changed twice since a year ago, and now the new owner is making some decent dishes.  This is a Korean style Chinese food, which's totally different from your Sichuan or Cantonese food.  I tried the usual staples such as the JjamBong and Jjajangmyun as well as the Tang Soo Yook.  I remembered that they don't make the Tang Soo Yook sweet enough, so when I ordered I told them to make it extra sweet.  The sweet and sour sauce for this is suppose to be sweet.  Everything came out tasty and I was quite pleased!  The service on the other hand....is still the pits.  :(Yes, they do have a separate menu for the "Americans" who like the "Americanized Chinese" food.  I've never looked at those menu, but I'm sure they have your staple orange chicken, general Tso's chicken, pot stickers, etc.  :)So I upped the review for this place to one more star.  It's more like 3 1/2, but I won't round up, just cuz their service isn't to my liking.  They don't say hi, they don't greet you properly, the servers never smile, they don't come around often.  But I deal with this place, because they're the only one of such Korean Chinese restaurant in the Phoenix Metro area.   Sigh~ (yes again)  :)
3	They did not honor the check-in deal for a free appetizer so beware or let them know before you plan to use it.The sweet and sour chicken we got was pretty good. Yang jang pi was huge but the mustard/wasabi(?) sauce was way too overpowering. Those two dishes and the passable wings ran us $55 but was enough to feed 5. And the ladies that work here are kind of cranky.
5	Yay! The owners is back and the food is good again. I'm so glad the dishes are still good as ever! Hope she continues to run the biz. I will continue to come here as long as things stay the same. They are the best Korean Chinese in the valley!
3	So this is not Chinese food BUT Korean style Chinese food.  So for non-Koreans it's Korean food and for Koreans it's Chinese food, make sense? It's AZ and this is as good as Korean food gets.  I'd def order the sweet and sour pork or chicken, see the pic Then the spicy seafood soup () and then the black bean noodles ().  These are the most common dishes for Korean-Chinese food.  The portions are huge so good bang for your buck!
4	The old owner is back and the food tastes delicious again! This place lost a ton of business when she went away. The food is very flavorful and consistent everytime.
2	Went for lunch and was very surprised at how bad the food was. Been there before years ago but this time the Sweet and Sour Shrimp was basically all breaded with heavy sauce. The Cashew Chicken portion was generous but bland. Fast service but unfortunately I will not return
1	Yelp says open until 2am.  The front door says open until 10pm.  We arrived at 920 pm.  Waitress told us we could order but had to hurry they were closing at 930pm.  We decided to leave and they never asked us to come again or said anything she just turned around and walked aqay.   Close to home but won't return.
3	Love Korean-Chinese food. So was happy to find this place. The sweet & sour pork (tangsuyook) was great, but the black bean noodles (jajangmyun) were ok. It was a little blander than I've had in Korea and weird slimeyness to consistency to it. Had order take out so cannot really comment on the service, but from observation while waiting for takeout was not good. The waitresses seemed rude and not friendly, but at least the hostess who took my order was nice. I wanted to try their spicy seafood noodle soup (jampbong) but that is better eaten at restaurant. Will need to prepare for the service when I do sit in to eat there.
