4	Frequently busy due to their great food, but the wait moves fast - as does the time at your table.  If you go at a peak time, know that you aren't going to have a long wait, but you aren't going to have time to sit around and be coddled by the wait staff either.  They're going to get you in and out as quickly as possible, because there are likely other people waiting for your seat.Even so, the staff is always courteous and helpful, and the food is served up quickly and tasty.  If you order something spicy, make sure that you ask for extra spicy, because they don't go overboard on flavor.  There's plenty of it in the mix, it just isn't designed for someone who wants a large amount of spice in their dish.  Think more along the lines of a Southerner looking for Chinese food.  It's good, but perhaps not really spicy.
2	Decent Chinese for the money, its not spectacular, but it is good, especially the Sesame Chicken and the Shrimp Lo Mien.  The food is a little greasy, but the portions are big and the rice is good. There are definitely better quality Chinese restaurants in Charlotte, but if you're in the University area and needing some Chinese, this place will scratch the itch.
3	I went there several time. It's definitely a choice for you. But it's not like you want to go there everyday. Still, they've got good food there.
5	Have been driving across town, passing many other Chinese restaurants  for Panda's Den for many years. Prepare to be "serviced" to death and thats a good thing. Quick service, great food, especially their Hot and Sour soup and  mu shu, pork and beef. You probably cant get 4 sips from your iced tea before they are there filling it up. Great for lunch, dinner or takeout too..
4	I stopped going to the Panda about twelve months back.  It seemed that after Bob retired that the service and quality had decreased.  Today I decided to give them another try and by Georgio, I think they have the touch back.  My two favorites have always been the Hot and Sour Soup (the best in all of Charlotte - I even tried to buy the recipe!) and the Hunan Beef.  So that is what I ordered for lunch today - my two most favorite Pandas Den dishes.  Service was very good today.  The food was heavenly.  The atmosphere was quite (my favorite sound in any restaurant).  I found myself sitting and drinking hot tea for some time after my meal.  It was a good experience.  I will definitely start going more often and using them for meetings and gatherings again.
4	I have avoided trying this place for three years now and that has been three years too long.  Panda's Den is actually a charming little Chinese place if you can believe it!  What made me avoid it to begin with was the area it is located in.  That said, I am learning that despite the area being a bit old and rough in places, East Charlotte has lots of little culinary gems if you just give it a chance.Panda's Den itself is very clean inside and prompt with their service.  The people dining there seemed normal when I was there ( a real plus!) and the wait staff was suited for the venue.  The dining area is simple and hints at welcoming atmosphere.  I would bring my family here if we wanted a quick bite.The menu is probably like you would expect: lo main, general Tao, etc..  I actually think the food was great! I would put it in the top five Chinese places in Charlotte - that I have been to.   To enjoy this place, I would not go in expecting grandeur and opulence or even an interesting atmosphere.  If you are food minded, you are half way there but don't get hung up thinking that they will cook the same style of Chinese food you loved in college.  Just enjoy it for what it is: a big step up from a decent "to go" Chinese place.
4	A step above the rest in Charlotte area cheap/fast Chinese food.YELP TO THE RESCUE!!!  As I'm driving way down Harris Blvd one day around lunch time, I get a hankering for my weakness.  Cheap Chinese lunch.  As soon as I whip out my yelp app, not only do I see a well rated place close by, but a place that is well rated by no other than Chad E!  Oh, I was excited.Chinese restaurants near the not so nice side of town are always hit or miss, and this one was almost perfectly spot on.  I went ahead and read some other reviews to get an idea of what I may want.  One yelper said that hey loved the hot and sour soup and the Hunan beef so much he had bribed the owner for the recipe, so I gave it a shot.My waiter, was soooooo fast.  Almost stalky, but not in a bad way since it was lunch time.  I drink a lot of water and I don't think it was ever less than half full.  The soup came quickly.  The first couple bites were great, rich, and perfect with the crunch of the noodles I put in.  Although, It did get a little overly salty towards the end.My Hunan beef came shortly after.  Beautifully thick looking sauce and a nice portion sized per $.  I took my first bite hoping for the best and it was soooooo close.  Amazing flavor for a quick cheap spot, but yet again over salted and that was pretty much the story of the meal.  Even the eggroll tasted overly salty.  That is the only reason this place didn't get 5 stars in my book.Maybe I was off kilter, maybe my taste buds were overly sensitive, that did come to mind once the eggroll wrapper tasted so briny.  I guess I'll have to back and find out.  Anybody want to join?  They have a lunch for 2 special, 3 things off the menu, to rices, and 2 eggrolls for less than $14.I'll be back!
5	I had dinner there this evening . The food was excellent and very beautiful. My wife had general Tsao's Shrimp  and I had Shrimp Curry which was wonderful. Bravo 2 the chef
2	The wonton soup here is DYNAMITE. It says $5.50 for two on the menu. I intended on only one serving and figured it was too late. My server brought back one bowl and I pointed out it had said 2 person for 5.50. I asked if I could only pay half and they gave me the bowl for only $1.35! Really great deal. That could be a meal in itself. If you don't eat pork, do not get this. It says it's a mixture of beef, chicken, and shrimp...I can assure you, it is pork. I'm sure a bunch of people who don't eat pork have accidentally ordered this...and well, enjoyed the HELL out of it. Because it's good.My boyfriend, Iglesias, and I got the General Tso's (dear people, it is not pronounced General Toe-so's) to split. To me, General Tso's tastes the same no matter where you go. Mall food court or sit down Chinese- the same. There were some plump, tender pieces of breast meat that were good. Otherwise there's always dark meat and what seems like fried connective tissue in the mix.All in all, I will be coming back for the wonton soup.
5	Quick lunch, good-size portions and fast service ... that's Panda's Den.One of the best lunch bargains in town. The sesame chicken is first rate, soups are good and the fried noodles at your table are addictive. I like the white rice over the fried rice - if you're making a choice.Your glass will never be empty. The service is always fast. Maybe too much, but I'll take that over not enough.Worth a visit at the intersection of Harris and N. Sharon Amity.
4	I must say the service is top notch. Never have I experienced such superb service at a Chinese take away restaurant. Smiles, attentiveness, greetings... These are a few of my favorite things when it comes to good service. Now as for the food. Apparently, you don't have to be at Burger King to have it your way. I wanted broccoli, snow peas, and and another veggie in garlic sauce... I got it. No: "That's going to be extra cost" or "We can't do that". I got what I want. It was good too. Nothing to run screaming in the streets over but good. The tea was aight and I tried a rib... "Just one rib" It was good. I may actually dine in one day. Did I tell you how good the service is?
5	This is my favorite Chinese restaurant so far! The food, prices, portion, and service is amazing. My favorite thing to get there is definitely the orange chicken(you should try it). This place has a very chill and welcoming atmosphere, so it is a great restaurant for the family.
5	I absolutely love this place! Truly, I do! I have frequented Pandas Den quite a few times, and each time there is always stellar service, the food is up to par, fresh and excellent! Strangely, I always get my waiter as a young man named Nestor!! He is awesome! So sweet, always attentive to my cuisine needs and just overall a pleasure! A true gem to the restaurant! I love the fact that I am a vegetarian and they have options for me!!! That's fantastic because us non-meat eaters eat Chinese too!! They have tofu with veggies and I promise I've never seen veggies so fresh!!! Absolutely love this place! The owner or manager (not sure which one he is) always asks about my dining experience; they are all so excellent as well as the food! Great choice; Top choice!
5	There are not too many places I would fly across the country for, but this is one of them. I am a former resident of Charlotte, NC and my wife and I would come here for some of the best chinese food! Now we fly out from Utah at least twice a year to indulge! There has not been one thing on the menu that has not been absolutely INCREDIBLE! The service is spectacular! We have always been met with a greeting and special ordered items are never declined. Make sure you try the sweet tea. For a chinese place, they have southern style sweet tea down right!!!
4	Hello friends, This place was (only because I moved across town) one out my two favorite spots to go to. It seems before you finish placing your order the food is coming out of the kitchen. This was the main reason I was a fan of Pandas Den (PD). The portions are pretty big. The wings WERE big as well but my last visit...well not so much. They wouldn't dare let you drink be 1sip away from full. On my last visit, the corner booth was Rank!!!Go enjoy,TTFN
5	Pork Bento is great, hardly to find a good Chinese restaurant near the university area, it is only 10 minutes drive from my home so it is convenient. Recommend: Wt Harris Blvd meets traffic jams every afternoon, be prepared to wait on the road at least one hour if you go to Panda Den's after 5pm! Go early if you can!
4	Always excellent service, whether eating in or stopping in for take out. Love the hot and sour soup and the house special lo mein
