5	AMAM is a licensed boutique Model & Talent Agency serving all of AZ. This agency is known for their passion, quality & integrity. The agency works with ages 5 and up in all areas of modeling, acting & voice overs. Gail's is extremely well qualified and I love the mentality that she has when it comes to her agency. She believes that a model and talent agency is only as successful as the talent it represents. Attitude is pinnacle at Arizona Model and Actor Management. Their goal is  'not' to be the biggest agency, but to be the 'best'. I believe in this method and would highly recommend this agency to any actor who is currently seeking representation.
5	I work for Good Faith Casting and I have worked with Gail (owner) for over 3 years now! Gail is so professional and friendly! She runs a great agency, and really works for her talent. Check out AMAM's Facebook page, she does a great job keeping the talent informed on what is going on in the industry. On the topic of Facebook, Gail is really into social media and does a great job at it, (Twitter, Pinterest, and Linkedin), I cant say enough great things, about Arizona Model Actor Management and Gail! :)
5	While my son and I are represented by another agency (FORD- see my Yelp review on FORD also), I still wanted to write a review of AMAM and Gail for those of you who are interested in seeking legitimate agencies and is doing a search on the Internet. AMAM is a SAG boutique agency and Gail's background is in marketing so out of all the agencies in town, she is the most active in social media with presence on Facebook, twitter, Pinterest. And she actively puts together marketing material for her agency to showcase her talents. Several of my acting friends are signed with her and they are happy with her representation so by word of mouth, she's a good agent. My son and I had the opportunity to spend quite a few hours with her once and from that meeting I can write that I really like her as a person. So if you are seeking representation, AMAM would be a good agency.
