5	So amazing!! I went in my appointment was at 1:50 pm. I was actually seen on time and the appointment was so quick and stress-free. It's so hard to find a good gynecologist in Nevada it seems. Well I will look no further! Very comfortable and relaxing atmosphere. After a horrifying experience at the last gynecologist I went to, this was such a sigh of relief.. I'm actually looking forward to my yearly exam next year ^.^
1	I went here to get an IUD and this office completely screwed up the order with the pharmacy. Its been over a month and they and never even called me about the problems. I've called them 5 or more times about this and they are no help, always saying they need to talk to someone else who isn't there.The doctor was fine but the office management sucks and I am finding a new doctor so I don't have to deal with this nonsense anymore.
1	Hi.This office does not have a direct phone number. Phone calls are answered by a call center, and even though they say "let me try the office", somehow they can never get an answer from the office. They do not tell you what the co-pay is ahead of time. On this one occurrence, after they took a whole week to schedule an appointment, on appointment day, after signing in, they tell me the co-pay will be $102!  It's impossible to get a nurse on the phone. They take up to three days to call you back. The lady working the reception desk is very unhelpful and just sticks to the process without doing any thinking of her own or assessing the situation.I would never recommend anybody to go to this office after the experience I've had with them.Hope this is helpful,Cristina.
5	Dr.Rera Askare at Well Health Women Specialty Care is the best docter ob/gyn in Las Vegas.He is super sweet , talent, and full of knowlege.When you see him, you will know this is docter you can trust.              I would recommened to anyone who need help; go see him.                                                     THUYLINH NGUYEN
3	I wish I could give this location 5 stars! I truly LOVE Sheila Tack and would recommend her to any woman looking for a doctor. The office staff, however, leaves MUCH to be desired! I have been trying to get a prescription refilled for over a week. My pharmacy faxed requests to the office twice and I left a message over the weekend with their answering service. I just called back now (3 pm on a Monday) to see if they've been able to process my request. The woman on the phone sounded less than impressed (think sleepy, stoned and/or disinterested) and then SCOLDED me saying "We haven't received a fax and didn't get a message from our answering service so.... " Like she thought I was making it up?! Bummer that I have to leave a 3-star review because, again, I REALLY like Sheila, but the office staff stinks :(
