5	Ok. I'm not a golfer, but I grew up knowing a lot about golf since my dad is a fanatic when it comes to golf. He and my brother both golf, but more so for my dad. LOVE YOU DAD. Lil Man And I called my family today to tell them that they were missing out alot by not being here with us. We came to TPC Summerlin because from the last Sunday til now, TPC Summerlin was hosting the (PGA Tour)  Justin Timberlake Shiners Hospital Golf Open. We were glad that it was a nice day not too hot like it has been. This was a great event for everyone. Buying the tickets helped for two events at the same time. We helped with this great event and also helped raise money for Lil Man's Symphony Band. TPC Summerlin a huge golf course. The winner for the event this year was Kevin Na. Lil man and I had a discussion about giving back and helping those that need help such as the cancer patients that the Jt Shriners Hospital are helping. He said by helping others, he feels great and knowing that events such as this does help others is what its all about. LOVE YOU LIL MAN.
5	I play here regularly with a buddy of mine who is a member. The staff is always courteous and the condition of the course is always top notch
5	Great service. Love the food and the menu prices are very reasonable. Private club so they treat their members much better than the public TPCs.
4	We were able to acquire a couple of foresome teee times via our own private club in South Florida and we played here last month.  Typical Clubhouse large Private & Very nice layout though since its private they don't seem to get much outside play obviously and the cart guys and bag guys seemed sorta of our of sorts putting us together.   Course itself was a very nice layout with great character and innovation.  Greens were fast but not too fast but faiways were browned out.  Near end of April so I can not attest this to coming out of the winter.  Not that they were in bad shape just not in TPC green condition. All and all a very nice enjoyable place to play and would not hesitate to play here again, though if I had my choices for the price points there are some other options I enjoyed more. PS: Service & Staff in restaurant was very nice - all club charges and CC accepted and they did have a very nice complimentary appetizer bar laid out after 5PM on the Saturday we played.
5	The moment my fiance and I saw TPC and the ceremony venue we knew this is where we wanted to get married. The ceremony spot is at the top of the hill overlooking the entire golf course, its right out of post card its so beautiful! If you want beautiful pictures- this is the place to have your wedding, you wont be sorry! The food they provide for the cocktail hours and the reception isnt your typical banquet food- its so delicious! My husband is a total critic of all food (he works in the F&B industry and is a total foodie) and he was so pleased with the food provided. We did a plated dinner instead of a buffet and everything was timed perfectly. Everyone commented on how good the food was and that it was hot, which we know isnt easy when serving 150+ people.  Keri responds on her days off, mornings, nights, weekends you name it and really goes out of her way to help in anyway she can, which is so important as a bride when you need answers quickly. John, the F&B director, helped out in between coordinators and he was a delight to work with. I had a wine themed wedding and John and the bar staff saved corks for me to use. The entire staff at TPC Summerlin went above and beyond the call of duty to make my wedding everything I had ever dreamed of. I did A LOT of DIY which required extensive setup and the TPC staff was so accomodating in making it all happen. When I walked into the reception room I was blown away that they made the vision I had in my head a reality. Keri, John and the rest of the staff at TPC Summerlin deserve an award for all they did!! I cannot say enough good things about them and the venue!!!
4	This is my second time dining at TPC Summerlin.  My parents are members so I get to enjoy the beautiful scenery as you dine here.  My first experience was breakfast last May.  I ordered corned beef hash that came with fresh fruit, I enjoyed my food and ambience on this first visit.  My second visit was dinner for 4th of July.  They had a bbq buffet but I opted to order from the menu.  The food is good and the price is reasonable.  My mom ate from the buffet which had a variety of fresh fruit that she enjoyed.  She told me the hotdog was really good.  She made salad with blue cheese that she truly enjoyed.  I ordered the Reuben sandwich, omgosh it was more than I expected.  My husband and I shared a chicken nacho for appetizer, it was so big it could have been an entree.  My husband ordered the seared Pacific Ahi.  I was not too impressed by this, it seemed a bit fishy to me.  My dad got filet with asparagus, he seemed to enjoy it.  The scenery here is awesome!!!!  The dining room overlooks the golf course, which is stunning.
3	Typical golf course fare.  Nice if you live in Summerlin.
3	Eh.I was more excited to go than when we arrived.I have been in contact with their coordinator for a wedding, and had gotten a very decent quote. When she informed me that they were having an open house/bridal show with the property decorated, I did not hesitate to RSVP.My mother and I arrived about twenty minutes early, and we were one of the first ones there. They were setting up the food, which included a taco station, a large sushi boat, a large cheese and cracker station, a roasted veggie station, a limited bar with complimentary drinks, and a dessert station..complete with chocolate fountain.We did go outside while they were finishing setting up the inside. We were told that they were doing an "areal shot" of the ceremony site, and once a cart was able, that we would be able to go up there and see the site set up.Meanwhile, we grabbed a few things to snack on, and a complimentary drink. After we had a snack, we circled the small room. It was mainly photographers, the guy that baked the cakes, their trusted hair/makeup gals (who were kind enough to only text some of the time) and the minister, and DJ.I was disappointed in the small room. After still waiting for a cart, my mom and I just decided to walk up the hill the the ceremony site. To tell you the truth, I was kind of underwhelmed. I really wanted more.The fairway was the most green on this place (besides the astro turf that is for the ceremony site) everything else looks pretty lifeless.
5	My husband and I struggle to give Keri the credit she deserves when we tell anyone about our wedding.  We loved the venue based on the gorgeous ceremony location and the perfect reception space, but we ultimately chose to book our wedding at TPC Summerlin because of Keri.  We do not have enough words to explain how wonderful our experience was from our first tour to even today, three months later.  Keri was the answer to every one of our wedding planning prayers and the entire staff at TPC Summerlin over-delivered on the day of.  Every lengthy email that I sent to Keri always got a nearly immediate response with every question answered and sometimes those replies came late at night.  Everyone on her staff was a terrific listener, a gracious host, and pleasantly accommodating of any request.  My husband and I are in the hospitality industry, so we know a staff of this caliber is hard to come by.  The food was outstanding, our guests never had to wait for a beverage, the DJ kept the energy going, the cake was dreamy, the reception space was perfect, and the best part - if anything did go wrong - we still have no idea!  Being able to relax and just enjoy our wedding day was truly thanks to Keri and her team.  We still hear from our guests that ours was the best wedding they have ever been to!
4	My experiences here are golf related, but not an actual round was played! The latest was for a reception for Top Doctors 2014, sponsored by Desert Companion magazine. What a great summer soiree!The venue was nice and we enjoyed the patio overlooking the golf course. The bartenders were friendly and there wasn't much of a wait at the bar. We did get to use the putting green, and it was well maintained. The sushi buffet was very good, and there was also fresh fruit to accompany it! Passed appetizers were great, especially the crab cakes!
