4	Excellent burritos! The guacomole is delicious and they're generous with it, if you want it. I appreciate that many of their ingredients are free-range and organic. They have competitive prices with other restaurants of similar fare even though their ingredients are superior. It's nice to be able to see (and make adjustments) your burrito being created right in front of your eyes (like Qdoba). Friendly staff as well. OH! And the music has been remarkably enjoyable every time we've been in. OH! One more thing- there's a gated outdoor seating area. It makes it much easier if you have kids who don't want to sit still for long!
4	I love tacos from here. I used to get the burrito, but it's just too big. Now, I prefer the tacos, and that way I can get one with each flavor: I'll get a white bean, 2 black beans, and I'll get different salsas on each one. Sometimes, the staff can be a little snarky about my mixing and matching...that's my only complaint. At this location, you can hop on Brueggers' wireless connection, so it's even nicely wired if you're trying to check your email or get some work done while eating your Tex-Mex goodies. The guacamole is superb, and I enjoy all four of the salsa flavors.
5	I was so excited when a Chipotle FINALLY opened up in Matthews, NC, because I recently moved here from Maryland. It doesn't compare to the Chipotle up in College Park next to the University of Maryland where they give a bigger portion, but Chipotle food is always great. I always get my favorite: Barbacoa burrito bowl with pretty much everything in it. They also have burritos and fajitas. Sides of chips with salsa too. This is a MUST TRY restaurant.
5	Good food at a good price
3	Chipotle is a your average step-up-above-fast food Mexican-inspired restaurant.  Think of Qdoba, Moe's, or Salsaritas.  I heard the rave reviews from friends about this chain so I discovered it for myself.The restaurant was clean (it was brand spanking new at the time) when I visited and the ingredients were fresh.  However, I was dismayed by the lack of options.  The streamlined menu (maybe some people like this) was basically tacos, burritos, or a taco salad.  Nothing particularly original and though the food was good, I wouldn't make a special trip to visit this place again.  This is not to say I wouldn't return, but they are no unique dishes/ingredients that distinguishes it from the aforementioned chains.  Important note-Chipotle is Cali-Mex, rather than Tex-Mex like the other chains.  Therefore, they have leaner sides; less cheeses and sauces and more fresh veggies.  So, if you're like me and prefer heartier Tex-Mex taste, then Qdoba's, Moe's, or Salsarita's would be a better bet.  If you want a leaner Mexican-inspired meal (but still substantial), you might like Chipotle.
3	I'm a sucker for their chips and guacamole....I do have to agree with Seth A., there's not that many options, but I guess if you find an item on their menu that you do like, it doesn't really matter then.The place is really clean.  I mean REALLY clean... almost to the point that it reminds me of a laboratory or hospital.  It may be the excessive amount of stainless steel.  Definitely looks modern, but it lacks some warmth and vibrancy which I always associate with Mexican, or Mexican inspired food.
2	Let first say that I am a HUGE fan of Chipotle! However, this location NEVER has steak ready to go. When I ask them why they either say they hardly ever sell steak. WELL HELLO!!! You can't sell what you don'e stock!!! You ALWAYS have 10 lbs of Chicken and few dried up old morsels of steak. What do you think the customer will choose? You create your own destiny by under-stocking Steak. You force customers to say,"Well, I'd like the steak, but that stuff looks like it's been sitting around for a while. Hmm, the chicken looks fresh! I'll just go with the chicken." Try stocking steak for a while! Call it the "Dave Experiment". See if you don't sell more steak.
5	YUM. Seriously. YUM!!!! Everything is delicious. The chicken is spicy- - just the way I like it. (A little too much for my kiddos so they stick to other choices.)  Staff is usually wonderful (I have had the occasional experience with a less-than-fabulous staff member - but, I figure, we are all human).The food is delicious and made right in front of you.  I read previous reviews and in my experience, when any one item is on the verge of running out, the server is quick to request more from the kitchen staff (who have always been busy at their station).  I've never had to wait for more than a few seconds for any item to be replenished.The addition of a kid's menu to Chipotle is the best idea since sliced bread. My kids, who would never dream of eating beans of any type, readily eat them when ordering the "taco kit" - it's 2 tortillas (soft or crunchy) + ANY 3 items... we usually get pinto beans, cheese and their AWESOME guacamole + drink + tiny bag of chips.  Kids are happy, parents are happy.. WIN WIN!This location has offered margaritas for awhile now on their menu but in reality is still waiting for liquor license to be processed.  So they are not actually available yet.The indoor and outdoor dining areas as well as the restrooms have always been clean.  Highest rating for Chipotle on every point!
4	Chipotle's my default healthy-ish fast food option.  They make a big deal out of how they source their food, and if you get your burrito bowl-style and leave off the cheese, you can actually avoid blowing through a thousand calories on your lunch break.This particular location is very close to my apartment, so I go there fairly often.  The staff is usually polite and they usually get my order right.  That's really all I ask when I go to a chain restaurant, since the food is (or should be) standardized.Also, Chipotle is leagues ahead of Qdoba, Salsaritas, Moe's, etc.  This is an Adam Fact (TM).
3	It's hard for me to differentiate Chipotle from Salsarita's a lot of times. They are tasty, yes. Being all organic, PETA approved, etc etc is not the biggest concern for me, but that's nice, too. I just have a hard time with this Southwestern cuisine - I'd rather have Mexican, and Chipotle doesn't seem to change my mind.I do like the food, though. And the staff here is super friendly. It can be a little loud for me, especially with the music up. And their corner of the parking lot is not my favorite navigational experience.I think my review has circled itself without making a real point. But that's my point exactly - I'm not a fan, but I don't dislike them either.
3	The food was good, albeit a bit spicy.My wife is very sensitive to spicy foods, and can't eat any at all. We asked the server if the food was cooked spicy, she assured us it wasn't - that the only spicy item would be the salsas or the barbacoa, but the chicken was not spicy. However, my wife couldn't eat her burrito, as it was far too spicy. I tasted it, and there was a decent zing to it.Other than that, the food was fresh and well-cooked. They had just swapped out the black beans and white rice when we walked in with a fresh batch, so those items were very good. The barbacoa had good flavor, although the cook was a bit heavy-handed with the spicy seasonings. That seems to be a trend here.The guacamole was decent. For almost $2 extra to put a dollop of guacamole, it needs to be much better than it was for me to buy it again.All in all, Chipotle doesn't stand out for me among Moe's, Qdoba, or Salsarita's. It's nice that the food is all organic, but it doesn't matter when it's killed with spice.
4	You really can't go wrong at Chipotle.  I value their commitment to fresh ingredients, and it is a great alternative to fast-food.  I always opt for the vegetarian bowl with brown rice, black beans, grilled peppers, salsa, corn, lettuce, and guacamole.  They are a little on the pricey side given that the meal does not include any chips and salsa.  When we arrived (peak lunch hour) they had run out of brown rice and the people behind me had to settle for white.
1	First of all I love Chipoltle just not this one! On many a Friday night they are usually out of one ore more items at 6:30 which is ridiculous! We ALWAYS have an issue with this location. The food is great but something is not clicking here. Hope someone reads this that can fix the problem in the kitchen. Until then I'm going to Moe's!!!!
5	I have visited this location of Chipotle on a few occasions recently and each time I go there I am really impressed and enjoy my food.I have had the chicken burrito and also the steak burrito which are both excellent.The prices are also really good and I feel it is very good value for your dollars,I will continue to visit this Chipotle for sure in the future! Highly recommend..
1	Most of these chains are great but this one is the worst in the state. Food is never ready to order, staff is very unfriendly, had to wait 30 minutes to  order before I finally left. Staff is thugs and never wash hands. Beware!!
4	Never quite understood all the fanfare about Chipotle. Then, tried a barbacoa burrito 6 months ago for the first time......Now, I get it. Delicious- Fresh EVERYTHING, clean good quality meat.  Where do I sign? :)
1	Wasn't much better this time. No one was working the cash register and the girl serving was flirting with the cook the whole time and made it Obvious they were sleeping together while ignoring me and other customers. Very rude to lady behind me and barely gave her any meat. Wish they was another location close by!
1	Let me say this up front:  I **LOVE** Chipotle.  I eat it at home, I eat it on the road for business.  Sometimes I will eat it twice a day.  I've eaten the "secret menu" items like the fabled quesorito.  I've eaten it all over the country -- after Chick Fil A, it is hands-down my favorite fast food/fast casual concept.That being said ... this is unquestionably the worst-managed Chipotle I've ever been to (and lucky me, it's my neighborhood store).How on earth can they be out of ingredients so often??  And I'm not talking like "hey, do you happen to have cilantro for that?"  No, this is like "sorry, we are out of chicken."  WHAT!?!  CHICKEN!?!And not just once.  This has happened multiple times.  Tonight it was barbacoa and mild salsa.  Seriously ... "we are out of mild salsa."  Said no Mexican restaurant, ever.  Except Chipotle-Matthews.This place is perpetually understaffed, and it makes me want to not come here because they have done the unthinkable and ruined a near-perfect product that requires all the brain power of pushing a button on a copy machine to get me to a point of perfect customer satisfaction.Zero stars, @$$ clowns.  ZERO.
1	All I tasted was burnt chicken, first time we went to this location we waited 5mins with young guys just starring at us, they were joking and sighing asking who was going to get the customers . We ended up leaving. It's an older location and I wouldn't go here if you want to continue liking Chipotle
1	They are the slowest chipotle I've eaten at by far. I would not recommend this location to anyone. It must be bad management because it's been that way for years.
5	One of my absolute favorite places. Ingredients are always fresh, service is always quick and prices are fair. Beats Qdoba and Moes every time.
5	Omg!! I got a gift card for Chipotle. Tried and now I never want to go anywhere else. This place is fantastic. I love the pork carnitas. Most of staff is very nice. Depends on what time of day it is.
1	This place hands down is nasty I had to be asked 4 times what did I order and when I finally got it.. it wasn't even wrapped all the way closed and they just threw it in a bag. The chicken it was so nasty, burnt and tasted old. The guy on the front line was rude and all over the place it was way to loud in there and it was more like a playground then a restaurant...
4	love the freshness of the ingredients - makes it a weekly trip for me!the desserts are my favorite though - the burritos are overstuffed so I have never actually eaten a whole burritos yet!
5	Awesome, fast, clean & healthy!
2	This is the only Chipotle I've ever had a problem at in 4 states. I'd placed an online order making a special request. I'd spoken to them twice on the phone before getting there only to be told when I arrived that my request wouldn't be fulfilled. To make matters worse, they had a rude girl at the register with a terrible attitude who patronized me and my request. I will definitely not be returning to this location.
3	I love chipotle but this particular location has disappointed me ! First they're really busy,which it's not a big deal almost all the chipotles are always busy. However their service is kinda slow,and the food seems to be running out when I was ordering(meat and veggies containers look almost empty.) I did notice that they are refilling the food when I was about to pay,just my luck I guess. Food is great but not the best,still way better than salsaritas though.
1	I feel that in a world of negativity the positive review caries the most weight. That said, I rarely take the time to write a negative review but in this instance it was well deserved.I am a Chipotle enthusiast, and can pride myself on my understanding of Chipotle's attention to quality and overall consistency and this particular location fell short. Despite many reviews eluding to this, I failed to drive the extra 3 miles to a location with better reviews. Lesson learned.My tomato (Mild) salsa was more of a mush, Carnitas were dry and overly salted, and portion size was sparse. My bowl was literally half empty, and I got the stink eye when I asked for "a little more rice". I was also charged for double meat when the portion wasn't even that of a normal bowl at any other location! I was very disappointed. To top it off they had no lemons or smoked Tabasco, and were unapologetic when I asked about it.I'm not sure if this is a result of poor management, lack of training, or tight margins at this location, but my meal as a whole was very underwhelming, and that has meaning coming from someone who drives an hour each way just to pick up Chipotle.
