4	You can't visit the southern US without visiting Wal-Mart. It's a cultural imperative.This particular store is the size of several football fields. It's got absolutely everything under the sun, including furniture, large appliances, wheelchairs, booze, fresh produce, bakery, and a spa. One whole fifth of the store is devoted to junk food: one aisle for soda, one aisle for candy, one aisle for chips, one aisle for snack cakes. Mmmm... glorious.The prices are phenomenal. My favorite tequila costs exactly half of what I pay in Vancouver. My dad bought a year's supply of motor oil for about sixty dollars cheaper than it costs in Canada. A three-pound block of  sharp cheddar is four dollars. A gallon of milk, a buck eighty nine. DVDs for a dollar. Full mani-pedi for thirty bucks.What about the service? Wallyworld has a no-problem return and exchange policy, and helpful, friendly cashiers. A final bonus is the entertainment value: every person who's ever been featured on www.peopleofwalmart.com can be found at this store.
3	This Walmart is HUGE!! It reminds me of Costco (from back home in California). It carries absolutely EVERYTHING & ANYTHING you can think of: produce, furniture, bakery, electronics, home care, etc. Yep, it's seriously that huge! Everything is really organized and not cluttered. Since this Walmart is really big, the customer service is very limited. It took me a good 10 mins to find an employee to help me find something that I was looking for. However, the return policy is superb!
5	You can get salad pasta or just salad with $3-ish :)
1	There is no search option for the Wal-Mart Distribution Center located at 58 S. Thornton in Casa Grande so I figured I would post a review here. As a truck driver delivering to this facility it is absolutely a miserable experience. I backed up to the dock at 230 a.m. and the trailer was completely unloaded by 330   a.m. It is now 515 a.m. and I still sit here waiting to be called by receiving to inform me that my paperwork is ready. Truckers drive 11 hours straight to ensure the product is delivered on time, through all sorts of driving conditions and are quite exhausted upon delivery of product. Why is it always a problem to get paperwork done So that a driver can leave to get some rest. And on top of all that, the employees/office staff in receiving are cold and, most of the time, rude to every truck driver they interact with. We aren't bad people and without us you wouldn't have products to stock your store shelves with. We just want to be able to get in, deliver the product, be able to safely leave to find a place to sleep and be on our way all while dealing with friendly employees. Whatever happened to "Service with a Smile"?
1	The pharmacy has the absolute worst communication and customer service I have ever seen and experienced. They are rude and disrespectful to their customers as well. Having worked in a pharmacy for many years I know what good pharmacy service is and they are no where near providing it. What ever happened to them remembering your name when you were just at the counter 5 minutes earlier, can't remember the name ok at least pretend you remember I was just here and to were "going to work on that or look that up". No more attitude for me, moving on down the street to a different pharmacy where I can be treated like a human and not scoffed at for asking a simple question.
