4	Big store with home improvement stuff. But there are also things for the yard, inside decorations, patio furniture and more. During the Holidays, there are beautiful decorations for any style of tree, theme, or decor you might like. Prices now aren't too bad, but as we get closer to Christmas I am sure things will begin to change. I think there will be battle between many stores to get the public to spend with them this season, so check your ads! In a pinch if you're out and about and need a quick trip to the lady's room, this store has them right up front, just inside, as compared to the other home improvement store, it's by lumber towards the back. But if you are in the mood for some changes to your home, check out their lighting department. Good selection to choose from and I like the older, antique looking items but they have some with a more modern flare as well. We also like the selection of crown moldings at this store and the selection of flooring.
3	Large location but there never seems to be anyone working here. I've waited 15-30 minutes walking around a department before I find anyone which is a huge issue if I am in any type of rush or have no clue what I am looking for. It would be nice to have some help once in a while.
3	I usually dont need help in a home improvement store, good thing because only big box store with worse customer service than this is Best Buy. But other than that my only complaint is that they usually dont have what Im looking for if I really want to get serious. This is a great store for the casual home improvement.
4	I have been visiting this Lowe's a lot this Summer as we are doing a major upgrade to our Dad's backyard. I will say that I do prefer Home Depot for paint. They just have a better selection and quality. We got the material for the deck and porch and with many changes we made many trips back for more. The store is clean and well stocked. They do have self check out as a option.
4	I love lowes because it has products that are easy to assemble and are asthetically pleasing, but they do not have every single thing you need to tackle the big projects.
4	As far as home improvement mega stores go, you've got one of two choices. Lowe's kind of won out by default when they opened this location because it is much closer than HD. That being said, I would probably drive past HD to get to Lowe's now. The customer service is always good in general and when I have specific questions I always seem to get an expert answer. I have purchased many tools and appliances at Lowe's and have been impressed with the quality. We did experience a problem with delivery of the first appliance, but it was handled professionally and expeditiously.I purchased a BBQ and all the materials to build the outdoor kitchen around it. They have an extensive variety of pool cleaning supplies and fencing material, which has made projects around the house convenient, saving trips around town.My only complaint would be the Christmas stuff went up WAY too early.
4	I've gone here a few times and I absolutely hate the layout of the store, especially the plumbing section.The upside is the guy in the tile and cabinet section. He is very helpful and knows his stuff. He gave me a ton of great info on counter tops, floors, and cabinets. The other workers are nice too, but I haven't had much interaction with them.
4	I've been into succulents lately and just can't get enough of making terrariums and planting arrangements. In terms of the garden center, it's a little hit or miss as some of the succulents were a bit damaged from sunburn and overwatering. However the variety was decent and is cheaper than the other big box store - Home Depot for smaller plants and they also have a awesome variety pack of succulents that makes a great base for my projects. In terms of everything else, they seem to be better than the Lowes a bit closer to my house. I've gotten much better help at this one on advice and even had a few items they've searched high and low for and called other stores for me to find it and have them hold it for me. It seems there are fewer workers here so you may need to wander to find people, but I am OK with that if that means quality help.
1	The worst customer service i've ever experienced. went to this lowes on memorial day they had many workers on staff and several standing around, as  my husband and I needed 25 boards of plywood. refused to help us except to get us a cart.... mind you the the truck they use to lift and put in your trailer was sitting there empty with 3 employees by it chit chatting and the man that got us the cart returned to while me and my husband loaded 25 sheets and unloaded again into the trailer .. think we will do our business at Home Depot ...
4	I love going to Lowe's because it is clean and even though there are a lot of customers... it is quiet. The only thing I had a complaint about was there were barely any staff, actually this visit today there was none, to get any help from the whole floor. Other than that, Lowe's is awesome to just walk around in and plan your next home project.
1	Went to this Lowes 7/23 in order to purchase numerous supplies for multiple projects I was working on. Entered the store , not once was I greeted by anyone, didn't care about that. I had lots of pictures on my phone of the actual items I needed and the projects as a whole that I was working on, but I will say I'm kind of the typical blonde when it comes to the type of hardware needed , or tools etc. so I really needed help . I looked around for someone and found an associate after wandering around not having a clue , I was trying to see if they carried a wood crate box then I found someone and showed him a picture of one, he laughed in my face and said no they don't carry those in the store. Then I asked if they carried any shelving, "of course we carry shelving, what kind of shelving " I said like a shelf I can hang on the wall and put my daughters things on in her room and he's like none that are already made and ready to go, all of our shelves are on row39. Then I asked for a metal sheet like a dumb a$$ and he laughed in my face again with his coworker and said sheet metal haha and told me the a row. Granted I'm not the brightest when it comes to this stuff but that's why I was counting on lowes to help me. Then I went to the sheet metal row and still needed more help and more materials , magnets etc. asked another associate on another row if they had any mini magnets and he said they would be on the same row I got what was in my hand. I went back.... There's tons of things on that row , problem was I'm not sure what would work and what wouldn't just once I wish someone would have looked at my project or maybe seemed a little interested in what I was doing. Or maybe even point out on the big giant row where the actual items were. Can any nails pierce through the sheet metal??? I had soooo much more supplies I needed, shelving, paint, etc. had lots of money that needed to be spent. I talked to 4 associates that day. As I left I decided to mention to someone that I felt very made fun of,was laughed at etc. I felt like such an idiot.I don't know if it was because of the way I was dressed ( all dressed up in a dress and flip flops buying these materials not having a clue what I was doing ) but I started crying telling the employee near the exit how the people at Lowes made me feel like a dumb blonde and no one at lowes cared) shame on me I bought 2 items at self check out but later returned them because I didn't feel comfortable buying them because of my experience. Not worth buying the sheet metal from this store when I was made fun of from not knowing what it was. I will never shop at Lowes again.
4	I brought verticle blinds the other day and had them cut to a specific size. While putting them up I noticed half if them fit perfect and the other half needed to be shorter...called the store to see if they could cut them 1/8" shorter. They were pleasant, happy to help and understood my frustration that my patio door and floor has an 1/8" dip
1	Buyer beware of the Flooring Department. Ordered carpet on the 23rd of November and was promised an install by December 2nd and it's now December 8th, still no carpet. When no one showed at my place I was forced to call about the status of my carpet install and was then transferred to other people numerous times. Also the outside vendor Lowes uses has a bit of an attitude problem when he showed to take measurements. This experience has been a complete nightmare and they still haven't installed my carpet. They can't hold their promise, they just want to get paid.
