5	Wow! Super friendly people and some seriously tasty pizza.  This will be a great place to grab a slice ( HUGE) or pick up a full pizza (that will probably feed at least 5 very hungry people). While my son and I waited, we looked over the menu a bit more. Garlic knots for .50....that was easy call! Added four of those bad boys to our order. Our meat lovers pizza was awesome and I could only eat one slice and one knot before I was stuffed. My always ravenously hungry teenage son could only do better by one knot.  Will be looking for any excuse to return!
5	Everyone here was beyond helpful and friendly, the owner/manager was in on his day-off, chatting up the customers in a very appealing way...killer lunch special- 2 HUGE slices of cheese AND a drink for $5 between 11AM-4PM (so it's like your drink is for free compared to normal prices)...I took a bite of my piping hot slice of pepperoni, and instantly fell in love.Best NY Style slice in Northeast Phoenix...if not in ALL of Phoenix.I can't Can't CAN'T wait to come back here and try some more of the awesomeness that they provide.(Also, they have a 14in. Gluten Free Cheese pizza for $14...that's 4in larger than Domino's, and about the same price, and the quality is MUCH MUCH better.)
5	Another Isa's Pizza?! The East Bell rd. area just got brighter!  Joey the master pie man creates awesomeness with his big pudgy fingers! The world is better now. Keep calm and eat Isa's pizza!Nonna's pie, the best! Killer calzones and friggin serious stromboli. Go get a slice and enjoy yourself for a change. Rated best slice 2013 by one publication and top ten best pies 2013 by another. FORGETTABOUDIT!
5	I used to have to drive over to the 7th and Thunderbird location for my fix of cheese and anchovy pizza, but now Isa's is in my backyard!!!!!  It's my go to lunch spot at least a couple of times a week.  All the pizza's look great but I'm a sucker for my two slices of cheese and anchovy plus drink.  Quality is terrific and the lunch special price is right on the mark,  So if your tired of a hamburger hot dog or anything else for that matter stop by and give it a try you will not be disappointed in this great slice of heaven.  And if your a little daring, try the anchovies!!!!!!
5	Came here for the 3rd time today, and it was even better than the last two times. The friendliness of everyone that works here is beyond outstanding...and Joey, the main pizza "ar-tist", is the best in Arizona at what he does.The last time we came (Super Bowl Sunday), me and Denise grabbed a 14in Gluten Free Pie (she's celiac, so no hate please) that was half pepperoni-half Hawaiian, and it was without a doubt the best GF I personally ever had...it was also 4 inches bigger than Domino's, about the same price, and a LOT LOT LOT tastier. Anywho, on my trip today, I got the lunch special again; a slice of white pizza and a slice of the meatlovers...the white pizza there is, once again without a doubt, the BEST white pizza I have ever had. The ricotta and fresh mozzarella were so decadent, each bite was pure heaven. The meatlovers was also superb..... I'm not even a Ham-on-pizza-guy, but it so worked here. No complaints whatsoever...every bite of both slices was pure perfection, but their white pizza is to die for.I'm convinced; if you've never been to New York to have a genuine slice of NY Pie there, or you've never had a slice of pizza at Isa's, then you, my friend, have never had REAL pizza.Whether it's there 40th and Bell location, or their 7th Street and Thunderbird location, get to Isa's ASAP and take a bite of some of the best pizza you will ever eat.
5	Went here tonight. A bit of a drive from Cave Creek...... But oh so worth it!! Finally I got East coast pizza in Arizona. Being from Maryland it is hard to find Pizza, my husband had the sausage and pepper sub, which he moaned the entire time how good it was! We have already told our son and grandson we ate taking them there for real pizza:) great place , clean . A must try. Many types of pizza are ready to buy by the slice. See you there.
5	I stopped by Isa's after work one night around 7:30 PM because I was starving and craving pizza. The guy at the sno cone place right by there had advised me to try it a few days before, mentioning that they have a great lunch special. I am so glad I listened to him. The place only had a family of 3 when I came in this late at night and there were only a couple pizzas to choose from, but I'm not picky. Granted it was almost time to close for them. I decided to get two slices: the specialty and white pizza. After a quick warming up in the oven, I took my slices to go. They were so stinking delicious. I have continued to have cravings for Isa's since that trip a few days ago and I can't wait to go back. Probably for the lunch special next time. I definitely could have gotten away with just one slice, but I will most likely still get two and just save one slice for later next time because the pizza is so amazing. I also heard the lady with her two kids who ordered before me ask if they could have some garlic knots, but the employee said they didn't have any. I'll definitely have to try those in the future. Basically, this is probably the cheapest price for the best quality pizza in the area. Don't miss this gem!
5	I'm a regular at their other location as it is close to where I work. I am super happy there is now an Isa's close to where I live. This place does NYC style pizza perfectly. They can do quick slices on the to and they deliver. I even picked up fresh pizza dough for a DIY night this weekend.This place is amazing.
4	These guys have some really good Pizza and it is relatively close to la casa. Saw them one day while eating at PV Burgers and have been coming back ever since.This location has been so many different restaurants over the years. What they have now is some very nice 18" NY Pizza. You can go NY thin crust or try out their Sicilian style. They also have Salads, Heroes, Macaroni, Calzones, Stromboli and more.Ordered their excellent lunch special on my first visit. It was two slices of cheese and a soda for a crisp fin ($5). You can also choose from several different pizzas in the display case or take some cheese and add your own toppings per request. Very quick and a tasty treat.They also have delivery. This is always great when it is a Friday or Saturday night and the St Pauli Girls are going down rather easily. Just call them up and it arrives with no or little effort at all. You will want to make sure and order early or ahead of time since they close at 8 o'clock.Service is friendly and the quality of the pizza is fantastic. Everything is always fresh and the pizza can be warmed up later if you have leftovers. We are talking 18" of pure delight and we normally alway get a couple meals between the two of us.Just need an excuse to order some more pizza. Granddaughter does enjoy chewing on the crust. She is teething at the moment. Anybody ready for a Supreme Pizza? DING DONG!4.5 STARS
5	Excellent pizza, meatballs, and sausage. Not for groups or dates, just a great mealie you're from New York, you'll feel totally at home. I plan to use this place for take-out when we need to feed friends. They even have cannoli. High marks for friendliness. They were so busy they ran out of bags. Must be doing a lot right.
4	Ok. I need to blame this one on Mark R.  He always comes here and checks in. So I just had to check this place out and plus I'm always a sucker for a meatball sandwich. So of course I tried their Meatball Parmesan hero. Found out that the meatballs are not beef but veal and pork. Yum yum. It looked small at first but it's really filling. So good but my wife said it best "that meatball sandwich was so dang good". Really tasty. Not spicy at all. Also, when you order a hero you get a small salad too. Not bad but a little too much Italian dressing. Also, tried their lunch special which is two slices of pizza and a fountain drink. Just remember it's cheese pizza and if you pick one of their specialty pizza then it's an extra .50 each. So the special is really $6. Huge pieces of pizza. Really enjoyed it. Crust was good and a little chewy. Really liked their pizza. They were very nice in welcoming us, bring our food the the table, checking up on us, and thanking us for coming in. Very nice people working there. So now I know why Mark R always comes to this little pizza joint. Good pizza, good heroes, and friendly service. I think I found a new pizza joint and plan on coming back. Enjoy. Yum yum.
3	I enjoyed the food but it want the best is ever had.  the atmosphere was good but slightly dark.  Overall good for a pizzeria though
4	I have been to Isa's two times now. I was a big fan of Aiello's and was looking forward to Isa's opening in my hood.The first time we ordered a pizza for pick up. We ordered the eggplant pizza. It was good yet slightly overcooked on the bottom. And the pizzas are pricey. It was over $20 for a thin crust that wasn't too filling. But still a great tasting pizza. The toppings are high quality. I ordered their lunch special to-go a few days ago. 2 slices and a drink. They have a good variety of pizzas to choose from for lunch. I had the eggplant and the white. Both mouthwatering. Much better crust this time, not overcooked. There is so much flavor packed into their pizza. Also had one of their garlic knots. They are heavenly. Great addition to the neighborhood!
5	Absolute Pizza Addiction! Isa's Pizza is excellent! My New Yorker husband is over the moon with this place. One of the girls in our office eats gluten free. She said it's the best gluten free pizza she's tried. Highly recommended.
5	Pizza is great. Busy during lunch but worth the wait. Antipasto Salad is delicious. Pizza sizes are huge. They have deals for lunch. 1 slice of pizza is $2.98 and they have another deal 2 slices and a drink for $6.50. You have to try the garlic knots too they are $.50
4	They have pizza by the slice!  THey also have full pies.  I personally loved the eggplant pizza and my daughter could have eaten all the garlic knots they had.  Desserts were good too.  They have more on the menu then just pizza, we can't wait to try everything.  If you have not been here then you need to go.
4	Address is listed wrong- It's 4001 E Bell Rd, Phoenix, AZ 85032The pizza was really good NY style. But the staff totally outshine the food. I came in with a friend asked if they could do a pizza half/half. They said they could even do quarters. We didn't need that but would be great for families:)My friend is in a wheelchair and he is total care. they offered to cut the pizza in small bites. I didn't even ask. That was sweet of them to pay attention- And very helpful. We will be back:)
5	Great NY style pizza.  Good dough  nice sauce & toppings.  Quality toppings too. Big surprise was wings are the biggest and best I've had around. Sweet pepper glaze are my favorite. If you like authentic NY pizza,  this place reminds me of home.  Try it.
1	Would love to have had the opportunity to try this place but walked in a few minutes before 11 (door was unlocked) at the Bell location. I was told upon entering that they did have all the pizzas out yet and that I would need to come back at later when they were open. I ended up going down the block and had a great slice at Barro's
5	Wow the tiramisu , cannoils  and cream puffs are legit Will be back! The real deal
4	Yummy! I stopped in after a doctor appointment and was really impressed! I am really allergic to red sauce and so I really have to be careful when ordering pizza. They had a delicious spinach Alfredopizza with a white sauce!Tasted amazing and was really filling! Nice people and good service. I will be back!
5	Fantastic food and great service at this 2nd location (original on 7th st). The $5 lunch special for 2 slices and a soda can not be beat! Special thanks to Nancy and Eric for their friendly and superb service!!!
5	This was our first time eating here and we read all the reviews before we ordered and we decided to try the Nana's Pie because everyone raved about it. Well now is my chance rave about this pizza! The Nana's Pie was sooooo delicious! It tasted homemade but better and it was so saucy and cheesy and full of flavor!!!! So glad we decided to try a new favorite pizza place! Will definitely be back!
3	Their pizza sauce is too sweet for me. Their meat pies were full of heat but not super flavorful to me. My husband liked it, but I don't think I'll go back.
4	We tried Isa's on a week night when there was nothing left in the house and Mama was way too tired to cook.  I saw the restaurant on 40th and Bell and wondered how good it could be.  Well...it rocks!  It has been a while since I have enjoyed a true New York pizza place in Phoenix.  We have been to other places and they were good, but this place takes it up a notch.  We tried a pepperoni and extra cheese and eggplant with ricotta.  The crust is thin at the center and nice and fluffy at the outer crust.  Nice.  Also, the crust and sauce was not too sweet. We have encountered that at several places.  Sweet sauce? Yuck!  While some NY style pizza can be overly greasy, not so with Isa's.  The pepperoni and extra cheese was really yummy.  My kids downed a whole pizza themselves.  I personally loved the eggplant and ricotta.  It had thin slices of oven roasted eggplant, mozzarella and lovely dollops of ricotta.  A nice change.  I make my own vegetarian pizza that is fantastic.  This pizza could compete with mine.  The delivery was a little slow and the cost was a little pricey, however, I am tired of bad pizza.  In fact, I don't eat pizza unless I think it will be good.  Call me a pizza snob, but I believe life is too short for bad pizza, cheap ice cream. and stinky wine.
5	OK yous guys, dis pizza is da real deal.  I oughta know, I'm a genuine Noo Yawka.  It's da same pizza I use ta get back on Long Island.  I also got a friend that loves it too.  She says it's exactly da same as what she got at her local pizza place in Farmingdale.  At last, some real Sicilian slices!
4	I had the Buffalo Chicken Pizza delivered and it was great. I have also tried the pepperoni and it was ok. I feel it's a bit overpriced and I'd recommend only if you have a coupon.
3	I was next door at another establishment and left unsatisfied.  I remember seeing something about Isa's Pizza.  I decided to peek in the window and saw that they had slices.  I walked in and ordered a slice of pepperoni and a slice of cheese.  The pizza man grabbed my slices and threw them in the oven to crisp up.  I paid with a card and showed him my ID.   We had a nice little talk about the new AZ drivers licences and how they are pretty flimsy.  Anyways....really personable and friendly service.   Here is how the pizza tasted.............Pepperoni Slice-  This was decent.  I really liked the thin, semi charred crust.  The sauce, cheese and seasoning was just ok though. They use a lot of dried oregano. The pepperonis were decent but I would have liked to have had them a bit more crispy.  The cheese was just alright...seemed like an average/lower quality cheese.Cheese Slice-  Same thing.  Great crust but the cheese and seasonings were just ok.$5.00 and change for 2 slices.  It was definitely decent pizza.  The service was super friendly.  I just don't know when I will be down this way again (It's 8 miles down Bell Rd from my work) and I would not drive down here on purpose.  If I lived in the area, I'm pretty sure I would try them again.
5	Great food!
5	Best NY style pizza in Phoenix. I'm a native New Yorker and haven't found anything close since moving here 6 yrs ago. I was at first extremely skeptically when they advertise NY style pizza given all the disappointment I have tasted. But this was the exception. Great thin style pizza. First it's actually hand tossed not rolled like some places. They serve slices. The sauce is a little sweet and it's not drowning in the pizza. My basic test is if I can enjoy a plain cheese slice, like I would in NYC, you're passed. And this place passed w flying colors. Now if only I can convince them to make me a fresh mozzarella pizza like Joe's in the West Village.
5	My roommate and I discovered Isa's a week ago and have been back three times since! The staff is always friendly and remembers us. And you couldn't ask for a more authentic New York style pizza. Delicious every time.
5	Isa's pizza has really good new york style pizza. They have both whole pizzas and pizza by the slice. They also have lunch specials. The garlic knots are also good. The staff is friendly and nice. I highly recommend  this local pizza place for yummy ny style pizza.
5	This place was crazy deceptive.  When we walked in we were really apprehensive but holy crap the pizza was amazing. Since we moved to PHX we have been looking for a really good pizza place and this place is it!
2	So I've been to both the 7th Street and 40th Street location.  Both have the same problems.  This place wouldn't know how to keep a clean restaurant if it killed them. The place is dirty - always. One time I went there at 11:20 am, well before the lunch rush and the place was a mess. Crap on the floor, no straws, very few drink lids, dirty tables, the soda machine has seen better days.  It shouldn't be this dirty so early in the day!Oh yes and they will touch your money or cards and then touch your food.  I saw a guy literally place the whole side of his thumb on another woman's slices as he handed it to her.  I know I'm a bit of a germ phobe.  Seriously guys - get some tongs or some utensils to fix this or maybe just have a dedicated cashier who doesn't touch the food.  There is just a serious lack of hygiene and cleanliness at these restaurants and one day someone will get sick from it.The pizza is just ok, same with the caesar salad. Most of the time they seem out of pepperoni pizza. How can this be?  This should be a pizza that is constantly being made so it is available.  One time I got the lunch special of two slices and the pizza had just come out of the oven. When I got home and pulled it out, I realized it had been taken out of the oven too early and wasn't fully cooked (dough).  It wasn't even any shade of brown color.I called and complained to management, but they just sorta blew it off after offering to deliver me 2 more slices (this was takeout order). Out of desperation I accepted. They said it would be to me in 10 minutes, it took a little over 22 minutes.I keep going back hoping things improve and they don't, so I'm done.  I just wish there was a decent pizza place for slices and salads in north Phoenix.Oh well......................
5	Fantastic pizza and service. I love how big the slices are and the lunch special is a great deal. I will definitely come back! Thanks :)
5	Some of the best pizza I have had in my life. Love there lunch special. Two slices and a drink for 5 bucks from 11a-4p!!! Pretty fair.  I have had the pepperoni,meat lovers, hawaiian, and buffalo chicken. They are all amazing. Salad is fresh. I've yet to try dessert but would love too. My favorite is the spinach pizza. Its white sauce and spinach and it is so good!! The pizza slices are big and they are far from dry. Such amazing pizza!! Wish I could eat here everyday!
4	The pizza is freakin  awesome. Some of the best I have had in a very long time. Perfectly crispy crust and everything had lots of flavor. They didn't have wings available yet since we walked in just as they were opening but it just makes something to look forward to next time. The service was great all the employees were so friendly. The only reason this place didn't get five stars was because of the meatball sandwich, it was probably the worst I've had but the rest of the food more than made up for that we will definitely be back.
