4	Old school greasy spoon food and very nice service. It's a throwback to another time and a good one at that.
4	Excellent prices, wonderful basic food, and outstanding service.  The wait staff is very efficient and consistent, and I particularly enjoy the potatoes obrien.Open only until 2pm, for breakfast and lunch.
5	Good food, good prices, good service. Simple little breakfast diner. Down to earth and delicious. If I lived here I would def b a regular!
5	Awesome breakfast!
4	This is definitely a throw-back to little town diners. The food is basic, but well made and cheap. Really cheap. Nothing over $8 on the menu and most things in the $5-6 range for breakfast which is served all day. I recently went here on a weekday morning that I had off work and the place was mostly filled with older guys sitting around in groups drinking their coffee discussing the weekend football games. You can tell this is the type of place that people visit every day to chat with neighbors and have the community feeling. Service is prompt and efficient. On weekends there can be a short wait, but never anything too bad.
5	what a great place...the owner is very friendly, food awesome, and good value:  we will def. return!
1	I want to give this dump a big fat 0.My mother and I went this past weekend very hopeful that the food would be good based on the fact they won Best in Madison. How on earth did this place win any award for great food and service is beyond me.The menu was extremely old, small and the coffee was pure water.  I order the walleye, hash browns, toast and eggs breakfast.My mother order biscuits and gravyMy toast was cold, hash browns had no tastes, over easy eggs were not cooked fully and fish was very small in size.Mothers gravy was too salty and a thick bunch of sop. The menu had no coordination. Biscuit,gravy and hash browns? That is nothing but starch!With that aside,Not only that but the server was horrible. I felt like she ignored my mother and I the entire time. I understand they were kinda busy. Fine. We can be patient. However, she refilled coffees at her other tables and stopped by to tell the customers their food was being made after waiting for so long. We did not receive such treatment. She passed our table several times and never once asked us how was the food or why our orders were taking so long. Not once.  She was a horrible waitress.Neither my mother or I could finish our food. I took possibly 4 bites and was done.We spent less time eating then we did waiting and ordering. Waitress continued to ignore us, so we got up and just walked over to pay.I told the cashier the food was horrible and I wouldn't be back. She then stated to us that normally the food is good and she wasn't sure why it was taking the kitchen so long and were getting orders wrong. But here is the killer... she then leans over and says " I hate our kitchen staff, we need new ones"What kind of place does that? You do no throw your co workers under the bus TO CUSTOMERS! I was beyond flabbergasted. Just a horrible business, not friendly and food is beyond pathetic. Do not go here. I have no idea who in their right mind would vote them as "Best in Madison" or give it 5 stars unless you do not have taste buds. If you want great food, coffee AND service, go to The Original Pancake House in Monona.
4	Came here a few times and always had really good food and friendly service! Thanks again!
4	I think I just fell in love.  I loooove breakfast.  Love it.  Sometimes, I get really overwhelmed by large, fancy menus.  So you can imagine, what a breath of fresh air, the Cottage Cafe was.  We walked in at 9 am.  Early, but not too early.  The place was packed.  Wow.  I walked up to the register and little did I know, but it is a seat yourself place.  There was no sign.  So we waited a few minutes for a table to open and sat down.I am a simple person, I ordered the special of biscuits and gravy with two eggs.  The menu had quite a few other options.  My husband ordered the steak, two eggs and hash browns.  $8.  This is probably the most expensive item on their menu.My gravy was perfect.  It was thick without being sludgy.  It had the right amount of seasoning.  I received my breakfast on two plates because the biscuits and gravy were overwhelming a single plate.   I ordered scrambled eggs.  They were bland and flat.  I spied my neighbors omelette which looked much more appetizing. Our whole bill (for two people) was $16 and some change.  Bottomless coffee and breakfast.  Wow.  Oh, parking is tough.  There is only one shared lot.
5	I love breakfast, and at Cottage Cafe, they really get it right.  The food is the biggest hit with lots of basic American breakfast fare options.  Expect to leave stuffed as the portion sizes are pretty big.  The coffee service is awesome and the whole staff is quite friendly and efficient.  You get all of this at a super reasonable price.
5	Incredible service and amazing food! Eggs Benedict meal was one of the best ones I have had in a long time! Prices are very, very great - fairly inexpensive!
5	I might be biased in my opinion of cottage cafe due to the numerous memories I have of having breakfast with my mom, dad and grandfather. At cottage cafe don't expect to see elaborate fruu fruu farm to fork style food. Here you'll find the basics, egg any style you want, pancakes, omelettes, and eggs Benedict for breakfast. The staff is the best, they are friendly and always greet you with a smile. If you become a regular, like my mother is, they'll bring your usual drink order as you sit down!I highly recommend Cottage Cafe for all greasy spoon restaurant lovers!
5	You will never go away hungry...and your wallet will not be much lighter.  Good food, good prices and wonderful staff.
4	Stopped by the place on a Sunday at the recommendation of a friend.  Of course my first thought was to look it up on yelp and I was pleasantly surprised to find that it had 4.5 stars.  As we drove closer to the restaurant however I got a bit nervous because it had more of a diner look than I preferred.  It's not that I don't like diners.  It is more so that the food can be hit or miss; though I guess the same can be said of most restaurants.We walked in and the entrance was packed with people hungrily waiting for their seats.  The hostess was very sweet and was seating pretty quickly which was nice.  They have a good sized menu with of course the normal breakfast fare.  There was also a specials board across the room that caught my eye with its chorizo special.  I am a HUGE fan of chorizo!  I ordered that and was given the green light by the waitress as she raved about how good it was.  When my food came it had a layer of hash browns, covered with eggs, and topped with chorizo.  I had never seen it served this way before and I honestly can't say that I thought I would like it this way.  Well I was wrong.  Like super wrong!The dish was amazing!  I mean like so much flavor on the hash brown, eggs, and chorizo.  It was so good that I was pretty silent at the table while I sat and devoured the deliciousness!  I asked the others at the table how their food was and they seemed to like theirs as well.  One got steak and eggs for $7.99 and another eggs, bacon, and potatoes for around the same price.I am very much looking forward to finding myself in Cottage Grove soon so I can have this dish again .  The service was great and my meal fantastic!
5	We constantly hunt for great little breakfast places, local, with friendly waitresses and local folks.Cottage Cafe is all that. Clean, quick but friendly. Reasonable prices $6-$7 for breakfast, mostly all homemade. May have to come back for the lunch bean and bacon soup.
5	what a great place for breakfast was in town for a hockey tournament and wanted to eat somewhere other then the hotel lobby. What a great find this place was. the service was fantastic and the food was good. Had the french toast breakfast with corned beef hash. Owe my was it good! Wife had an omelette which was good. She was not fond of the canned mushrooms used in the omelette, but that does not bring down the rating of this place for me. Amazing how good the coffee was.If I am ever back in Madison, I will be having breakfast here
5	Amazing pancakes, love the menu, kid friendly, kind wait staff, great service including the young man at the cash register!  Highly recommend :)
