5	Finally!  A nice, clean nail salon where I don't have to worry about a staph infection or have flashbacks to the Seinfeld episode about Elaine's nail salon experience.  Honestly, I never get my nails done and I only get pedicures every once in a while since I haven't really found anywhere that's affordable and nice enough for me to patronize regularly.  I may just have to make a bit of a lifestyle change now that I've found this place though.   The space is super cute without being too girly.  My sister spotted the Ruffle Frame Shelf from the Brocade Home catalog when we first looked in the window.  It's light and airy but elegant too.  Instead of pedicure chairs, there's a long cushiony bench that stretches along the wall and individual sinks.  It has throw pillows that you can use to make yourself super comfortable.  The manicures are done at a long, tall bar with fresh flowers set up at each station.  Both the pedicure and manicure stations face a large flatscreen TV that was playing an old movie when I was there.  If you don't want to watch the movie, the music selection was pretty good too.  A bit of Norah Jones, some Jenny Lewis, some Radiohead. There's also a little table at each pedicure station where you can keep your magazine or a drink. Since they just opened a week ago, they're offering some pretty sweet deals.  All services are half off except the package deals.  Even without the 50% off, the prices are pretty reasonable.  You can get a quick manicure or pedicure (no exfoliation) for $16 and $26 respectively.  And so as not to leave out the men who like to have nice nails, they offer a MAN-cure ($15) or pedicure ($25) with the option of a buff or matte polish. I opted for the Island Indulgence pedicure that included a coconut milk bath and cane sugar scrub.  It smelled so nice that it took everything I had in me not to periodically contort myself in my work chair to sniff my calves.  Now that's a good endorsement, no?
5	I really like this place.  It is a little more than I would usually pay... but the old saying 'you get what you pay for' holds true in this case.  Normally my manicures start to fade away after about four days, but it has been a week or a little over and my nails still look great.  The salon is clean and the staff is very nice.  I also like the unique way they designed the interior... very cool.
5	Upscale nail boutique... I had to think about it for a while - other than the normal chop shop salons that I normally go to, I've only gotten mani/pedis at resorts that are ridiculously overpriced and usually don't even do as good a job as the chop shops i frequent...So, after seeing the convenient location right in my neighborhood and the positive reviews that came before this one, I decided to give Sundrops a shot...It was adorable inside - you can tell that a lot of thought was put into the design of this salon / boutique.  They have really cute clothing, shoes, and accessories for sale.  They also have several lines of polish to choose from including OPI, Essi, and more.  They have great customer service and offer you water during your service along with recent magazines to choose from.  I could tell that they follow strict sanitation guidelines which made me feel good as well.  They couldn't squeeze me in the first attempt, so I decided to make an appointment... this is probably your best bet.  Also, I was going to book the 'petite pedi' and they warned me that this is a 30 minute treatment and does not include a soak.  So, I bumped it up a bit (that soak was appealing to me) and wen tfor the 'Island Indulgence.'  For $35, it was a treat... everything smelled delicious from the coconut milk bath to the cane sugar scrub and the lotion they massaged on my feet before polishing.  I walked away feeling relaxed and happy with the decision.I also noticed that you can have parties at this hot spot... which gets me thinking - yelp event?  hmmm....
5	I love love love this place!! I would move in, if they'd let me. There is such a cool, clean, happy vibe about the surroundings. The nail tech that has done my nails & toes a few times is the best I've been to! (Sorry, I can't tell you her name because I need to see her :) ) The only problem I have is that I always end up buying something super fabulous from the retail area they have. Arrive a little early & shop before your paws are wet!!
5	I am determined to become a regular here - as much as my wallet can accommodate.I ran across the Sundrops website by accident and thought it looked fun and would make for more of an amiable environment as opposed to many others I have frequented having fake dusty flowers, lots of mirrors strangely placed, and a cattle call of "stations" behind which sits a mute wearing a surgeon's mask over their face.  The pedicure lounge and manicure bar are fantastic and designed with the patron in mind.  The pedicure bar has a comfortable bench with a personal table top loaded with current magazines and a resting place for your beverage.  Both areas face a large flat panel TV which plays old movies, with no sound unfortunately.  An Affair to Remember was playing - who doesn't love a good ol' romantic movie like that?  They play Top 40 music on the speakers, but it is quiet enough to still carry on a conversation.  There is a boutique-like shopping area in the front and pictures of Old Blue Eyes and Miss Audrey in the back.  The pleasant staff and the cozy environment make for a great experience.I went for a pedicure and was offered water or tea and then browsed the polish colors.  They offer three different brands in a variety of colors.  The selection is not so much that you are completely overwhelmed, but enough so you can easily find something that suits your fancy.  I made an appointment, but walk-ins are welcome.  The nail tech who performed my pedicure was Cherrie and she was fabulous!  She was very nice, personable, and did a great job on my feet.  I am EXTREMELY ticklish and warned her ahead of time since I can get a little squirmy  when the buffin' gets goin'.  There were only a few times where I was a little ticklish and it made me realize what a great pedicure should be like.  She spent a lot of time and care and I really felt I was getting a quality service. Cherrie is amazing and I will be back to see her in the future.You can sign up for the Sundrops Club on their website which entitles you to free chip repair within 3 days of service, free manicure on your birthday, and monthly e-mail specials.  This visit I took advantage of the February special.  They offer a special on a manicure, pedicure, and also a combo.  The combo was priced $5 above buying them each separately, but it came with a free polish.  They also offered a 10% discount on Valentine's Day.  I'm a little skeptical of the free manicure because they list a value of up to $20 and the only service under $20 is the mini-mani which does not include a soak.  My b-day isn't until September, but I'll be sure to ask if i I can throw in a few bucks to upgrade.  They also offer to host parties there.  I'm looking into having a bridal shower there and it looks like it will be a great venue.
1	Am I the only one who finds this place over priced and under whelming? They kept changing the price on me - even if the website says $20 - they will tell you it really means $40. (hidden charges BS)Good concept, poor execution. RUDEST staff I've ever heard.And I wrote "heard" because I heard them say negative things about several of the customers after they left. Are you kidding me??? I didn't even want to think about what they were going to say about me when I was gone.The one star is for playing Legally Blonde 2 on a huge plasma tv while I was getting my nails done. That was dope.Otherwise...boo!
5	There is nothing I do not like about Sundrops.  From the minute you walk in, you immediately feel like you are in a hip yet relaxing environment.  The first thing I noticed was the elegant and sophisticated decor, everything from the chandeliers to fresh flowers to the wallpaper. The front of the shop has tons of cute clothes and accessories that you can browse while waiting for your appointment or for your nails to dry.  The staff is fun and entertaining, and makes the entire experience more enjoyable.  Each of the services has a clever description and makes you feel like you're really indulging yourself, but they are all affordable.  Needless to say, I am a huge fan of this place!
4	My mother, sister and I had mani/pedis.  One of the cutest nail botiques I have seen but would have liked a larger polish choice. They also would not open bottles of standard OPI / Essie colors that they were out of.  Service was very good and friendly and I received a very detailed mani/pedi. 5 stars for service,  2 for polish, 4 for ambiance (would have liked jets in the basins).  So I am rounding out to 4 and hope next time they do better on the polish front.
4	My friend and I just went to sundrops and Loooved it! The place was so cute I would never guess I was actually in a salon. I got the Island Indulgance and it was wonderful.  The scrub was absolutely relaxing. I enjoyed shopping in the front retail area while waiting for my treatment. Such cute stuff.  They have great package deals and reasonable prices. I wasn't offered something to drink which I would have liked. Other then that it was a wonderful experience and my friend and I will be back for sure.
2	Based on these reviews, I scheduled my friend and I for the package mani/pedi deal they had going. They were unable to schedule us before 3:15, the next day, which was fine with me--I had said "any time." I think it's shady, however, that their special only lasts until 2:30 (which I found out after the services were rendered). Until this point, I had a good time. They offered me iced tea (which was delicious), and my nail technician (she had a bit of an accent and was short) did a decent job. The place is gorgeous, really awesome lavendar mosaic tile throughout, very clean feel. My friend, however, was left with hangnails and polish on her skin/cuticle. It was almost as if I had tried to do it... only worse! She was really steamed, and I have to agree. If there isn't a standard in place, I really cannot frequent it at 60 bucks a shot. Merchandise up front was waaaaay overpriced, almost as if it came from Electricladyland (don't waste your time) in the same plaza... huh.
4	After reading the reviews and 10 out of 12 were glowing reviews I thought we had to try. So, my friend and I went for some services. I had the mini mani and petite pedi, she had the mini mani and down and dirty pedi. We both loved our services! Diane was my nail tech, she greeted me right on time, introduced herself and shook my hand. Small details, but to me that is a great begining. The mani bar is so cute, I wish I had a martini while having my manicure! The chairs were not so comfortable though... The pedi area, however, was very comfy. Very plush, velvety, pillows, little tables for mags and my coffee. I was offered some water, wich was definately tap, I wish they had little bottles or at least some tasty filtered wated to offer. The staff was friendly, the services were pretty good, it was very clean, and great prices. I will definately go back and tell my friends about it.
4	II was nervous about going to Sundrops because of the mixed reviews, but I am SO happy I did!!!I called and got an appointment twenty minutes later. I did have to wait for about 10-20 minutes when I got there, but the environment was pleasant and they offered me tea and water while I waited, which you would never find at your standard corner nail salon.The decor was so awesome! They have cute clothes, shoes and home products to look at while you are waiting. The actual mani/pedi areas are bars (you can see the pics on their website) so your not stuck in a whirlpool chair. I just totally loved the 50's style decor and the awesome old movies they had playing. If you like Audrey Hepburn, you will be in heaven!My mani and pedi were both exceptional, and my technician was super friendly and talkative. She made sure she wasn't hurting me as she did the different treatments.It is a little pricey... I think the mani/pedi was $57 total, but I was treated with respect and really enjoyed the environment. I'm so sick of going to nail salons where they barely speak English and they are super rude to me.I will be back many times :)
3	I went here for a bachelorette get together. The atmosphere was fun and whimsical. The only two things that bothered me were that with a large group of girls all getting pedicures, we were all sitting horizontal across the back wall so we couldn't really see or talk to each other that well. Also, I asked for French Tips on my toes and the girl did a poor job on the tips. The paint chipped as soon as I left the salon :(Overall, the experience and the salon itself was nice, as well as the customer service.
3	I too waited a while before writing this review. I've been to Sundrops twice, both for pedicures, and had one "pretty ok" experience and one "meh" experience. It's frustrating, because I really want to recommend this place. I won't go to the cheap places. I'm relatively new to Phoenix and realize that pedicures are more necessary here than they are in other cities, but that doesn't mean I want to have to get my nails done every week. When I've been to a cheap generic nail salon, I've had to return week after week because of chipping and in need of constant polish changes. Not worth it in the long run--it costs more in repeat business (and costs more of my time as well). So if I'm going to spend $50 on a pedicure, I don't want to have to do it more than every three weeks or so. Even then, it seems outrageous that I'd spend $600/year on my toes, but that's Phoenix, I guess.Sundrops is cute, yes. I like the location, their hours are good, they use good polishes, and everyone there is nice and polite. The problem is, you don't get what you pay for. It's annoying to me that the techs are always chit-chatting and flirting with one another. Not relaxing for me. It's annoying that the music and television are so loud. Not relaxing for me. It's annoying that I'm accosted with lots of crappy boutique things to buy while I wait for my pedicure. Not relaxing for me. I'm willing to spend a lot of money on a pedicure, but I want a professional job. I want polish that stays on for 3+weeks. I want someone to go gentler on my callouses because she's focused and not trying to bat off the other tech who's hitting on her at work. I don't want to have to try and tune out loud music, etc. I'm picky though. A lot of folks have given this place justifiably good marks. I think they're ok, but you don't really get what you pay for. As far as I can tell, the extra money you're spending is for atmosphere, and that's it.
4	So my birthday was on the 5th of May and I recieved this email for a free mini manicure from Sundrops Nailspot, a salon in East Phoenix that I'd never visited.I made a last minute appointment 2 hours before arriving and they were very accomodating.I was impressed with their sunny feminine glamour decor and ambiance, especially the chandelier and huge flatscreen tv featuring  "Legally Blonde" which totally fit the nail salons mood.My manicurist Rakhil, an older female, was very pleasant and told me a bit about the salon and herself as she worked on my hands. Since, I  recieved  a FREE "mini manicure" I didn't expect it to last too long, but Rakhil was very thorough and my nails were buffed to a high sheen.After the manicure Rakhil gave me the file and buffers she used during my manicure and I love that all of the files, cotton and buffers at Sundrops are one time use items that are discarded or given to the customer.I would definittely return to this place and even bring friends and family, or maybe I'll come with my boyfriend and we can both get buiff mani pedis!
2	Cute little place, so I gave it two shots.  The first time I was there for a pedicure and they barely squeezed me in.  Got a technician that took forever and did the "old" style french manicure where they pull a stringy applicator across your nail and do a super thin line.  Despite the slowness, she still managed to make me bleed, which happens, but I've never needed a styptic stick.  Needless to say, I had a polish change somewhere else the next day.  Gave it one more shot last week and at 5 pm on a Tuesday night they said they couldn't do anymore pedicures for the evening.  They close at seven.  Too bad, it's pretty cute and it's across the street from my house.  But overpriced and inexperienced nail techs.
4	I found out about this salon through groupon.com  It's pretty cool, every day you get a new deal emailed to you and you can pick and choose which ones to buy.  A couple of weeks ago I got one for Sundrops so I bought it...seemed like an awesome deal   $33 for a mani-pedi that would have cost $60. So I had my appointment today and am quite pleased with the service and the salon.  Pam was my technician and she was great.  We chatted while she worked on my nails and she really paid attention and did a great job.  The hot lotion soak was superb!  I opted for nail buffing on my hands instead of polish and they are buffed to such a high sheen that I can almost see myself in them....lol  The pedicure was very relaxing and I got time to do some pleasure reading which I barely get to do anymore.The salon is very cute and super clean.  After they are done buffing and filing they give you the implements to take home.  They cannot use them on another customer so instead of ditching them, you get to take them if you want.  I thought that was super cool, now I can keep up on the nail buffing, at least for a little while.I would recommend this place to my friends based on today's experience.  Again, Pam was really great and gave me the experience I went there for...relaxation and pretty toes.
3	I don't know how to feel about Sundrops. Like the last reviewer, I tried Sundrops with a groupon. I had wanted to try it before, but it was too far away and I thought the prices were a bit high. But the groupon seemed like a good deal so I went in for an island mani/pedi. Here are my thoughts:- super cute setup, though I thought the manicure seats were not that comfortable. Might be a good location for a wedding day nail event, etc. - parking was bad since they are re-doing the shopping center- the entire time I was there it seemed like there was staff/work drama going on between the techs and the front desk staff. Lots of whispering and a few passive-aggressive comments to each other. I found this terribly unprofessional- my manicure is a bit sloppy, although I am sure if I had noticed before I left they would have fixed it.Unless you have a coupon or they are running a special, I would save your money and go somewhere else.
2	I've been here probably five times for pedicures.  I was mostly happy with my nails, but I find the front desk staff unfriendly and think that's inexcusable.  No smiles or warm greetings.  I get the feeling they don't appreciate their customers.  I won't go back anymore.  It's a shame because it's such a cute place and I like their emphasis on cleanliness.
2	Let me start off by letting everyone to know my nail tech, Senthia, was wonderful.  She loved the colors I picked out, did a nice job on my nails and feet.  She was the best part of my experience.  It had been over 1  1/2 years since my last mani/pedi (new mom /the economy).  I purchased a mani/pedi through Groupon for Sundrops.  The reviews on Groupon and the menu of services on Sundrops got me so excited for this luxury item purchase.  I invited one of my best friends along (also a new mom).  We made our appointment, had our hubbies watch the kids and were off to pamper ourselves.The salon itself is adorable.  Very clean, cute and bright.  We checked in and picked out our colors.  I always bring a few colors with me from home just in case I don't like the selection.  I was able to find colors I liked there.  My friend liked one of my colors for her American Manicure- we were set.  My friend  was greeted by her personal pamperer... who basically told her she didn't like her color selection, made a few suggestions which my friend politely turned down and then took her back to start her nails.  My pamperer was not ready for me.  I sat next to my friend while her tech started working on her.  My friend knows what she wants with her nails and gave specific instructions.  Her tech basically told my friend she didn't know what she was talking about and to listen to her since she had SO much experience.  I thought her brashness was a quirk and that it would subside as the process continued- that's just the way some people are.  But it didn't stop!  Throughout the whole procedure (yes, it went from pampering to a procedure just like that), my friend was basically belittled.  Tech argued with my friend that the color she picked was just wrong again- it was too beige and re-insisted on another color.  The color she brought back was very bright white- like a color used in a French manicure.  My pamperer asked another tech to bring a few addition colors for my friend.  My friend finally gave up and let this tyrant do what she wanted.  Then the tyrant made the tips way too wide on my friends nails, then when my friend asked for them to be thinner, she got attitude!  Tyrant reluctantly thinned the line but made them all uneven!  Needless to say, the pedicure didn't go any better.Tyrant didn't even ask my friend how long/short she liked her toes to be.  My friend and I were chatting it up, trying to enjoy some adult company and conversation.  When my friend finally looked down at her toes, already painted, she noticed that tyrant hadn't even cut/filed her nails down to her liking.  My pamperer asked me first and then let me enjoy myself (we started the pedi before tyrant was done with friend's nails).  When my friend asked for her toenails to be trimmed, I thought tyrant's head was going to explode!  She did it though.  When all was done, my pamperer told us to sit and relax as long as we wanted to.  The tyrant thanked my friend and went about her life.As I said, Senthia was great.  My only complaint is that my finger nails chipped after 3 days!   My hubby has given all of the baths, I use gloves to clean/wash dishes and have only had 2 quick showers.   I guess this is why mani's are a luxury item.  I'm not sure if my friend's nails held up.  I'm too afraid to ask.  I already asked her to drop $66+tip in this economy to get her nails done at a boutique nail salon.  I feel horrible for inviting her along but I'm so glad I didn't see the same person she did.  Although it's a cute nail salon and I really liked my pamperer, I probably won't be going back.  It's way too pricey for what was received.  As you can tell, I knew the name of my pamperer... I'm not sure we caught the name of the tyrant!   I did get a discount since I used the Groupon but when I asked if they ever had any specials I was told, "No."  No specials + expensive pricing + know-it-all brash tyrants= no patronage.
2	This reminds me of that "putting lipstick on a pig" saying. Sure, Sundrops is much prettier and more upscale than your typical strip mall nail place, but the experience and results were no different.I found the tech, Rakhil, to be very rude. I realize some of it was due to cultural differences, but geez, she's in a service industry. I felt awful when she rolled her eyes at me a few times during our conversations. This is why I avoid the Vietnamese places as I have always found the techs to be too blunt and insulting.The mani-pedi was painful, and it made one of my fingers bleed. Luckily, no infection. I paid an extra $10 for the callous remover, but it didn't help at all. The Essie paint is very cute, but I'll give myself the credit for picking out a unique color (mint apple).I'm glad I had the groupon to give it a shot, but there's no way I'll ever go back.
1	Skip this place. Cute clothes, the place itself is super cute. And the old romantic movies playing are a nice touch. But I think my finger and toes are still mad at me for the abuse they have received. I got a French pedicure and manicure, how hard is it to be gentle and nice? I seriously jumped out of my chair two times because it hurt so bad. I still feel sore around my big toes and on some fingers. They are so rude there. I got attitude when 1.) I asked for a French polish and was told there was no time (total b.s., hateful lazy technition) & 2.)wanted my toenails clipped, ummm  I'm sorry, I came in for a PEDICURE. wtf?  Also, when I checked out they tried to overcharge me. Boooo. I can't believe how shitty the service is here. I felt rushed and the awful person that did my toes/hands did not massage them - also no oil on cuticles, and they forgot the scrub for my mani. Also, the French is so uneven I think I've gotten a better paint job done at a cosmetology school. I was in a group of six, and only one person said her lady was spectacular. Everybody else felt rushed, & as if they were treated roughly and rudely as well. Nothing special, nail polish started to chip after two days. Did not help me with my shoes (they had a  buckle) what a snatch. Hate this place.
4	I was hesitant to try Sundrops because of all of the negative reviews, but a close friend recommended it so I gave it a shot. Maria was my nail technician and she was great! She was really sweet but not overly talkative and most importantly she did such a great job on my nails. Like everyone said, the decor is nice and I really really like their nail polish selection (a big reason I don't like going to cheaper places). The receptionist was really nice and apologized when she saw me waiting at the register to pay. Overall, my experience was really great and worth the little bit extra they charge above other salons. I would say give it a try and go in open-minded!
2	I've never been in before and wanted to see what the place is about.   I like trying new salons and finding little beauty gems.   So I walked in at 5:30 on Saturday and the snobby tech looked up at me and said "can I help you", I explained that I didn't have an appointment but wanted a pedicure. Rudely and rolling her eyes while the other techs and patron starred she only said "no we close at 6".   How about well thank you for coming in but I'm sorry we don't have time today but I can make an appointment for you tomorrow if you like... no just a qucik snappy "no".   Yuck why would I want to go here to relax when I got the elitist attitude that reminds me of the woman in the high end store in Beverly Hills that won't let Julia Roberts shop.   Big mistake.. huge.
5	I "YELPED" to find the phone number that wasn't in my phone for some reason and was dismayed to see the negative reviews.  I was unable to see my regular tech, but Carissa is just as awesome as Senthia. I had one of the monthly special pedicures and the new Shellac treatment to my nails. Senthia had recommended it bc I am so rough on my hands and have excess oils in my nailbeds so traditional polish doesn't last too long. The only problem I could see today, were the other patrons, one screaming on her cell phone, the other just screaming in general. All issues aside, it's still totally worth going because I know I won't get any infection from their pedicure tubs, like others that have "funk, disease, regenerating whirlpools. I'll pay extra not to get MRSA!ps. I think those that have complained about the older lady screaming at them are just unaware that she can't hear very well and is German, you might just be dealing with language/cultural barriers. I've been going here since they opened and know that she's very sweet and has an amazing story)
5	Before I arrived for an afternoon of friends, pedicures and a little wine, I had I had gone online and looked at the website before arriving. And, although, I am so tired of the chop shop nail salons, for me to spend $35+ for a pedicure, it better be a great experience. Walking in, I had my doubts.We were celebrating my girlfriend's birthday and three had of us emerged on to this cute little spot so conveniently located next to The Grind - but that's another review for another time.I walked in, a few minutes after 3 p.m., to find my friends sipping on water and choosing their toe nail colors. I was welcomed by an employee and asked if I would like iced water or tea. Okay, pretty good start...I am overtaken by all the boutique-y details and start to stroll the salon. It is super cute. And, as I look around, I become more comfortable with the services price list because it is obvious that they are going to build the value around the entire experience.I sit down to have my pedicure and Katrina interjects naturally into the conversation that my friends and I are having as she starts the battle my snaggle-toes. I don't fight. My toes do, but I let her do what she needs to do. Katrina wins and I end up with short, even, well buffed, super shiny polished toes. They are gorgeous! The experience was amazing. The pedicure friendly and I can't wait to go back. And, if that wasn't enough, someone from the salon called my girlfriend (who made the appointment and paid for all the services) to see how our pedicures were holding up. Really? Thanks, Sundrops Nail Spot for the Sunny Side of Hospitality! Love it!
2	I have been really excited about trying this place for about a week and finally went today.  I had grabbed a brochure when I went to Baskin Robbins and had been rereading for a week.My companion and I have been attending the same nail salon for 3 years.  However, this one seemed to have more of a high end, spa like feel to it. Although it looks like it may be walk in friendly, it is not, I suggest you make an appointment.  Which on the weekends they want a credit card and bill for full services.This morning I woke chipper for what was waiting, knowing the exact luxury treatment I was going to get.  My companion and I met promptly for our 2:40 appointment.Upon walking in it has a Divine Design feel, a raise old bar with leather high stools, perfectly placed girls lined up like a chic 1960 moment.  Along the other side a lush bench with pillows.  I am undecided at the moment if I miss the massage chairs.  It did face a flat screen running Devil Wears Prada which all girls love.  That is were it stops, the service was actually horrible.  First, the nails tech didn't introduce herself.  My friend and I booked together and they never bothered to ask my friends name.  My nail tech was rough, not gentle with the cuticles.  I don't have any acrylic or gel nails.  I keep mine short and painted.  However I am particular about how a nail stylist cleans up cuticles.I pause and mentioned it was tender and it didn't seem to register.  She never asked want kind up Mani/Pedi I wanted and preformed a c mani.   I will say the pedicure was has bad, you have to pay $10 extra for callus remover and she didn't really work it out.  If you get one of the packages, ones comes with it.All in all a big let down. For $77 including tip, I may go again just because I am too lazy to drive to my fav nail salon.  But I can go to my girl of 3 years and get twice as much for $65 including tip and I get the massage chair and a smile
3	Went here for a private event and was blown away by the decor. I seriously think the decor is every woman's dream! Crystal chandeliers, mirrors, lavender, gorgeous granite and tons of pillows... it's very girl. The decor alone warrants a 5. However, this is a nail salon so you actually have to judge the quality of the work.I received the "R and R" pedicure service which consists of (as the website states):R and R $22-$35Sometimes don't you just want to benefit from a service without all the nipping? Use our salon to relax after a long day of wearing heels, running errands, or just a little r and r. Soak in a calming bath of rose petals infused with rosewood and geranium; take a paraffin dip followed by a warm towel wrap. Finish with a stimulating massage. (This service does not include polish.)$22 / Soak and a 10 minute massage$30 / Soak and a 15 minute massage$35 / Soak and a 20 minute massage As it states in the description, this service does NOT include any polish or foot scrubbing of any kind. I was shown to my seat and the water was nice and hot! I must say that the amount of rose petals in the soak were bare minimum, but it still felt nice. After soaking for some time I was given the 20 massage. The massage was nice, very light... almost too light for me. If there was anything that could've been improved it would be this. After, my feet were dipped in two baggies that contained the paraffin wax. It felt AMAZING!!! This was definitely the best part.Due to us being a private party, gratuity was included in our treatments. I received the service with 20 min massage and paid $42 total.While the salon is nice, I did find their prices to be on the high side. I don't get pedicures too often, but I think you're definitely paying for atmosphere more than the actual service. Their service is by no means shabby, but for the price you could easily go anywhere else and get the same or better. I give their atmosphere a 5 but the service a 3 - - it's pretty standard. The atmosphere will bump up the service to a 4 lol... I wouldn't make it a habit of coming here, but I think it's nice for a group outing as atmosphere is everything.On another note, their boutique clothes are WAY overpriced. I doubt anyone actually pays for them, but they're nice to look at while you're there. Also, they have a great magazine selection.
2	Sundrops leaves me torn and confused. I wanted to love Sundrops, I really did. When I saw the make over happening as I would pop in Baskin Robbins, I was super excited someone finally decided to open a nicer nail spot in the Arcadia area. My husband gave it a whirl when it first opened. (he needs pedicures more than I do. Just sayin.) He came home "ehh" and feeling ripped off. With this I just stuck to my little Asian spot and avoided Sundrops. After having a bad experience at my long time nail place, I gave Sundrops a try---and was umm, OK with it. I wasn't jumping out of my chair, I was actually annoyed because my tech talked my ear off the ENTIRE time and took her sweet ass time on my manicure so she could tell me about her son's wedding. I think the awkwardness of not knowing what the nail techs are saying to each other is better than being sucked in to someones life. Because I wanted to love this place so much I gave it another try. My tech this time was OK, a little weird. I felt her looking at me the whole time, not in a creepy way, just more of a judgmental way. I wasn't in love and my pedicure lasted less than a week. Because I am a sucker for a cute spot I went back a third time and brought my 12 yr old niece this time. The owner was there...and it made the vibe weird, and tense. She needs to take some evening development courses on how to treat customers and engage with them. the girl who did my nieces toes was nice and changed the color once to make her happy, so I was fine with that. Lucky me, I got the same tech as my 2nd visit. Yippeee. My pedicure sucked. Enough said. As we were checking out I was admiring the owner's top which I noticed she was selling in the "boutique" area...I use that word loosely. She made ZERO attempt to sell it to me. Like nada. It was like I was putting her out by asking her about the fit, etc. I ended up buying the top and $176 later we were on our way home. The owner has a great eye for fashion, but not running a business or nail salon for that matter. I think she needs to close shop and reopen a boutique she doesn't work in. Needless to say, I am OVER Sundrops and are happy with my new sport, Ken's nails on 48th/Indian School in the Safeway center.
5	I had read all of the reviews on the salon prior to going. I have to say that I had a really good experience there. I was greeted right away by the woman working at the front desk. She helped to explain to me the different services which they had as well and upcoming specials.I had a pedicure by Maria. She was fantastic. She helped me to pick out a great color for my toes. I had there caribbean pedicure and I thought it was outstanding and done very well. I thought that the seating area was comfortable. It was very clean in the salon. I thought the prices were great as well. They served beverages during the services which was a nice touch as well. I would make an appointment to go in instead of walking in, though. I could see how you may have to wait awhile because no technicians were sitting around with nothing to do. They called me the next day to see how my service was. I really enjoyed it. I will be back again.
5	I am GAGA CRAZY for Sundrops Nail Spot. I love the decor, old movies, clean nail bar and the pedicure tubs are great. I never worry about hygene at this nail salon. I really like Carissa, Senthia and Kelly. They are so friendly, easy to work with and fun to get your nails done with them. The other nail techs are so friendly and fun. Carissa put gels on my fingernails, and they are actually growing! For a nail biter this is huge! I also like their boutique. Often the clothes are on sale, and they are always really cute. The dress I'm wearing today is actually from Sundrops! Don't miss out on going here. It's so worth it. They also have discounts on their social media sites, so check those out!
5	Short, sweet, and to the point - I LOVE the fact that you know your feet are not sitting in a tub of who knows how many peoples toenail clippings when you go to Sundrops!  The tubs there kinda reminds me of putting your feet in the kitchen sink.  Only difference is you're not sitting on your kitchen counter, and you have someone powerbuffing your cracked heels, clippin your toenails, and giving you a wonderful foot rub!  If you have FB and like their page, you'll have access to awesome (usually daily) specials for mani/pedi combos.  I suggest booking in advance though, as its a pretty popular Arcadia Neighborhood nail spot.
2	So I have to give the owner of Sundrops credit. She reached out to me, not sure if this was prompted by the yelp review or she genuinely was calling customers. I gave her honest feedback about everything that happened. She did send me and my friend gift cards, so has any girl would do we decided to give it another shot. First the nail techs this time around were way better. Just the same blah service. The girl that works the front counter has got to go! I stood there at the counter trying to check in for 5 minutes!!!! Finally my friend chirps up and says were hear for appointments, She replies back "I know" Come on, really - Why don't you greeat me after I walk in the door.  SALES 101The last point I am going to say, is that everytime I call on the weekend they are booked and there are no walk-ins. On my 2nd trip, I called ahead to make an appointment and I was told they had a big party coming in at 1 so it had to be 11:30. When we got there, I think their were two customers. There service just doesn't warrant the prices or the appointment setting. Sorry I really wanted you to be my new nail salon.
3	I did a TON of research online trying to find just the right place to go for pedicures in the metro Phoenix area as I recently moved from IL and my nail tech in IL was fantastic.  Sundrops seemed like it would be a great place.  I went for the Down N Dirty pedicure which I thought should leave my feet smooth as a baby's bottom.  They weren't terrible but for $58 I truly expected smooth as a baby's bottom.  Had I paid $35 I would have been thrilled but at $58 it was a disappointment.  Sundrops is ok but I doubt I'll be back.
4	This place is clean!  I love that.  The techs have all been really sweet.  They call the next day to make sure your visit went well.  (The people running the front desk need to work on their delivery.  They come across as a little disinterested and irritated.)  They're a little expensive, but you can't put a price on cleanliness and safety!
2	It's interesting to read through all the reviews and find myself mirroring a lot of the other comments.Pros:It's so adorable to look at, the decor is amazing and everything seems very clean.They are relatively accommodating in terms of scheduling appointments.They discard the files after one use.Cons:The quality on 2 of my 3 trips was so bad.  I get better mani/pedis at my hole in the wall $30 place.So expensive! My techs were always complaining about something.I have to admit, I haven't been here for about a year but I find myself wanting to go back when I visit AZ to give it ONE. MORE. CHANCE.  One of my friends blogs about Phoenix spas and salons and she suggested I try Sundrops out.  Aesthetically it cannot be beaten.  I fell in love with it the second I stepped in.  After that my love affair faded.  The first nail tech I had on my first trip was amazing but I haven't seen him there since.  I was a little taken aback when I had to pay such a high price in the end, but it was worth it and it was a nice infrequent treat I would allow myself.  The next 2 times I went, however, I hated my techs and my french manicures looked like I had done them myself.I want to like this place so badly and I think that is why I keep returning to try it over and over.  I think, however, I may just have to give up and try somewhere else.
2	This place is cute and clean, and I really appreciate that they offer Deborah Lippman polishes in addition to the standard issue O.P.I. options.  However, the service left a LOT to be desired.  I came in with a group of five other girls and we had booked pedicures in advance.  Two of the girls (including me) decided on the spot to switch to manicures, which were oddly more expensive.  We even double-checked with the front desk girl to make sure this was acceptable.  The attitude we got from the nail techs was unreal - audible sighs, eye-rolls, etc. It was really just appalling.  Furthermore, my mani has visible flaws.  Lame.
5	I may very well have the happiest digits in Phoenix.  Sundrops Nail Spot is fabulous!  Read Gabbi's review for all the details.  I had the cherry blossom mani/pedi, simply wonderful.  Kelly did a great job. I'm never going to one of those "in and out places" again!
2	I was stoked to find a supposedly good nail place close to home. I've been there a few times trying different services (pedicures, manicures, gel overlay). I'm all about giving places a chance. I've had ONE technician do an awesome job, I managed to get her a couple times, one time she was booked so I tried someone else, this girl did a horrible job and left me with misshaped gel on my nails because she took too much gel off the top, the lack of gel also left my nails in a weaker state then before so they chipped and broke. The last pedicure I got there the woman spent more time talking to the lady next to me then me and left scrub and other goo on my legs. I'm past not impressed. For the same price I can drive a little farther to get my nails done, and get lunch too.
5	Love LOVED my trip to Sundrops.  Had everything I was looking for in a nail place- cute girly decor, perfect for a bit of time with gal pals, clean atmosphere, friendly staff AND my manicure stayed looking good for a week (reg. nail polish, not even shellac).  They didn't over file nails and the pedicure was pleasant not painful.  Also, though I know some have complained about the price, I went on a day they were offering a special on FB and I found the overall price fairly comparable, maybe only $5-$10 more than some of the other strip-mall fare.  It was weeell worth it and I must say, comparable since some of the other salons charge your for each little thing--sugar scrub/callous removal is extra for a pedi, really?Overall, EXCELLENT experience, I would most definitely recommend.
2	Beautiful, clean and smells nice-not like chemicals.  Hard to get into on a Saturday-sign up for their monthly specials on their website.  A little spendy for regular maintenance-but fine for once in awhile, agree with the others: staff seems unhappy and front desk leaves ALOT to be desired.  Impossible for a drop in.
3	Two words describe this place best = POMP and CIRCUMSTANCE Crystal chandler! Satin pillows! Bejeweled purse hooks! Glamor, glamor, glamor! It's kind of a dress up fantasy nail salon. I went her once and only once. It was during my bridesmaid duty tour. Let me tell you.. we took this place over... bride, MOB, MOH, and the rest of my bridesmaid gaggle. And boy did we ever have ourselves a bridal party- we went all out, it was the craziest mani/pedi blow-out. (There was a princess dress up party for pre-teens which followed our party, which you know is what you revert back to developmentally when the dum-dum-dums ring so it probably got crazy too) Anyways, this place is perfect for special occasions were you're gonna want to do all that. Because you will have to go all out, and well blow your wallet out. I dunno, 3 stars. It's like Prom, really fun to get ready for, oogle at the decor, be girly with your girls...but once and only once is enough for me.Oh! and if you're a straight man who likes to take care of his cuticles, this might not be the best fit for you..
5	I enjoyed the nail salon - nice decor, friendly and efficient staff. I tried Shellac for the first time and really happy with results.
5	I love going to this salon! I make my appointments during the week and I'm always the only customer there. It's quiet and relaxing. The place is really beautifully decorated as well. The staff are always friendly and meticulous. The shellac polish is amazing! I have already and will continue to recommend this place.
5	I'm a guy that has been visiting Sundrops for my pedicures since they opened 4 years ago. It's a great, chemical free man/ped salon where everybody speaks English and you won't get the feeling you're helping to perpetuate and sustain the subservient working conditions of Vietnamese nail sweatshops, where the nail technicians take their barking orders from the man that owns the salon and work 7 days a week for an abysmal wage. This is why a pedicure at Sundrops is a few bucks more, however I don't  mind because the hour I spend there is so much more relaxing than at Ling Ling's Super Nails. PROS:- 100% chemical free. You won't leave Sundrops with a migraine.- Clean and sterile. Files are one and done.-Enjoyable ambiance with great music and old movies playing silently on the big screen, offering a nice little bit of clever kitsch. Listening to Jack Johnson while watching Audrey Hepburn makes for a nice foot massage.-Kelly. She has been there since Sundrops opened, is super cool and gives a great pedicure. Always brightens my day when, even if I'm unable to book her, she takes the time to say hello, visit and ask about my family. Kelly books up fast so call ahead. All this said, I've never had a bad pedicure from any other technician.CONS:Located in a dumpy shizbox of a strip mall that is always having some bit of annoying construction done to it. Hope they can relocate to a better buildout in Arcadia in the future. cnstratton@gmail.com
4	I LOVE the shelac pedicure! I'm sort of annoyed because no matter how often I SPELL my LAST NAME for the girl, she still gets is wrong, which is annoying when your'e a regular. But that aside the service is quick and everyone is pretty friendly. I wish they had longer hours though and maybe more chairs.
5	I love this place. If you register on their site you can get a freebie for your Birthday! The boutique is really cool, I always find nice clothes or jewelry to buy. The place is extremely clean and the nail technicians are great. It is always a nice experience. They have a movie playing most times and that is fun too. The salon is set up with cushion seating and is very comfortable. Then there is a bar setup too!
2	My mom and I came here the day before my wedding to have a more upscale experience than my tried and true vietnamese shop.  The salon itself is lovely.  But for $75 a person, it was a complete waste of money and time.  My french manicure looked as though I could have done it myself.  Same for my mom.  After seeing the poor skills of my manicurist, I opted for a solid color on my toes...and even this was done poorly.  Everyone may speak English and the salon may look upscale, but the quality of the mani and pedi was POOR and I will not be going back.  I was embarrased after leaving but did not have time to go to a real manicurist for a polish change.  Hopefully the shoddy job doesnt show in my wedding photos.
5	Love... love... love this place. The decor is cute and girlie. The staff is very friendly. The mani/pedi's are flawless! Great location for a party but it could get pretty expensive.
2	Love this place. Overpriced, because I can have a strong Vietnamese woman do the same thing for about $30... But they are all very personable!I went here because I got a gift card. I will say that you should not get water there. I have been to much cheaper salons that give me a little bottle of water. Not this one. You get a glass with ice cubes they made themselves! I like lemon in my water, but this tasted rancid for some reason and made me nauseous. No water for me.The massage was nothing special. It was really no more than lotion that allegedly had diamonds in it being rubbed into my skin. I thought I paid for a 15 minute massage on my hands/feet each, but apparently not.
4	I'm definitely a fan of getting my pedicures here. Sure, it is pricier than your typical nail salon but a heck of a lot more relaxing in my opinion. It is nice that the techs are focused on you and not speaking to each other in a foreign language. The decor is adorable. I always call for my appointments so I am not sure how they accomodate walk-ins.I don't even live in Arcadia but I drive here from NE Phoenix :)...
5	I said this place is "as good as it gets" because it really is if you want to indulge your inner girly-girl. I went here with my sister-in-law and our other female relatives the day before her wedding and we were pampered in a room of pink, sparkles and pretty things. They had an old movie playing (from the 50's maybe?) and yes, a Backstreet Boys song. The decor was modern, but super feminine. The front of the store was merchandised with unique, pretty accessories, jewelry and clothing pieces that were definitely impulse buys if you weren't careful! Coming here to get a mani/pedi was definitely a treat. I would recommend coming here if you want to pamper yourself, host a bridal party, birthday party or whatever with a group of friends. They will not be disappointed!
5	This is where you go when you want a clean, relaxing, pampered pedicure. The salon is so pretty and girly (but in a sophiscated way) and the technicians use new tools on each customer so you don't have to worry about walking out with an infection. Yes, you will pay a little more for the experience, but it's worth it. I think it's great that they give you a glass of water in a real glass with little ice cubes- very eco-friendly and my water tasted fine. This is a great local salon that makes the corner of 40th st. and Camelback that much hipper.
5	I absolutely love Sundrops. They have great services that are reasonably priced in a clean environment. It's my favorite way to relax and I look forward to my monthly visits!
4	If it wasn't for my last incident there, I would definitely rate this a 5. I love this place. I go there regularly and see Christie who is FABULOUS! Ask for her, you won't be sorry. It's super cute, super comfy, super clean and is in a great location. You definitely pay more than the cheaper places, but the finished product is worth it. My polish lasts longer, my feet feel amazing for weeks afterwards and the professionalism can't be beat. Ok, so I know you're wondering about my last incident... long story short, I made a reservation and the chick who answered my email forgot and didn't put me and my mom down. So when we arrived, they didn't have our reservation. Now, people make mistakes, no big deal, however, what irritated me was that SHE (not putting any names on blast) didn't take accountability and instead kept making excuses. THAT ladies and gentlemen is what really made me mad. I did receive a very apologetic email afterwards and offer to make things right. Which I appreciate. Hopefully SHE learns that taking accountability and a heartfelt apology goes a long way. (And yes, I'm still going back there, after all I love this place)
4	Okay, so I may have a bit of a problem with how often I tend to get my nails and toes done, but I really don't care...I've been going to Sundrops pretty much since they very first opened and I absolutely love it! Senthia is my main gal who is AMAZING but in my many years of going, I'm pretty sure I've tried out every person who works there! Every experience I've had at Sundrops has been nothing but the best....clean environment, attentive staff, great mani/pedi options, good polish selection, cute clothes and accessories, and pretty good music and movies playing too! Rarely do I have to wait for my appointment (I will admit, I sometimes run a few minutes behind), and I always leave with my nails and toes looking just as I had hoped!I get the Diamonds Pedicure (I opt out of the mask in lieu of a little extra massage) and then the Express Shellac Gel Manicure. The colors I choose for my toes are kind of all over the board....big on neons in Spring/Summer, darks and neutrals in Fall/Winter. With my Shellac I like to try out different things since I switch them up more often. Senthia is a trooper with all my weird things I like to try out so last time we did the new Midnight Swim with ombre green glitter on the tips (pic)!The one thing I will say is although walk-ins are welcome, your chances aren't great. They are always pretty busy and most of the girls book up pretty quick. I usually get my nails done once a week and I ALWAYS book at least my next two appointments. Senthia is the best (which is probably why she is one of the first to book up), so I like to make sure to get in while she's there!I read tons of reviews about how "overpriced" Sundrops is and quite frankly, I don't really find that to be the case. Any comparable place in the valley is going to be around the same price (give or take a few $$) and in all honesty, I'd rather pay $5 more and have a great, relaxing experience. Obviously if you are looking for a cheapy mani/pedi, this isn't the place for you...but if you ask me? You definitely get what you pay for!Sundrops is by far my favorite nail spot in the valley and I recommend it to anyone I can! Keep up the good work!
4	I have to say, I worked at this salon for a year and a half. Yes, it is a bit pretentious but the girls are talented. The owner knows what she is doing. She keeps the girls consistent and sticking around. Overall this place is clean and price comparable, if your looking for a place to go. This place I would recommend!
4	I have been wanting to try this place out for a MINUTE ever since I found it online randomly.  Finally, I got a girl-date and I couldn't find the place for the life of me.  It is in the fresh and easy parking lot which is busy and packed.  I really expected the salon to be located elsewhere and have a a more appealing curbside look to it.  I go in and there was about 6 other women in the place.  The inside is lovely like shown online but it is rather on the small side.  The girls that work there are all very pretty and stylish.  I was given an option of either lemonade or water in a glass and magazines.  I really enjoyed my experience and if I could financially afford to make this my biweekly nail spot I gladly would, but at $45 a pedicure, this place will be staying in my "Haven't had girl time let's go here to this cute place and treat myself to a fancy pedicure".  When I say fancy- I just mean expensive.
4	Recently visited Sundrops for the first time.  Enjoyed their "Diamonds..." pedicure and a gel manicure. The shop is small but they make great use of the space.  Allie was my technician and she was marvelous.  I am not into "quick" mani/pedis so this was a great spot to relax, talk a bit with Allie and just close my eyes to truly veg out.  My feet and legs felt and looked great.  My gel manicure is one of the best I have had and it was evident that Allie really knew her gel stuff.Again if you are a rush, walk in, cheap price type...this is NOT your nail shop.  I came in knowing I was going to be there a while and pay probably more than I should so I was not disappointed.  I have every intention to return and bring a friend.
4	I loved this nail salon, I have been going there for 6 months or so to get my acrylics done and filled. I have seen synthea ( I think I got her name spelled wrong, but it's not done the usual way). She is always there with a smile on her face and wonderful at her job. They are very, very busy so an appointment is a must! Unfortunately, with my new school schedule they were unable to fit me in anytime in the next 2 weeks and I need my fill done, so I have to find somewhere new that will be able to accommodate my schedule. I'm sorry to leave the place and will certainly be missing it, but it can't be avoided. If you can fit them into your schedule I absolutely recommend them, but it can be very hard to get an appointment if your schedule does not have much flexibility. My rating would easily be a 5 star if i didn't have to go out and find somewhere else due to schedule conflicting. I was just told "sorry about that" when we couldn't find a time that worked for me, and they seemed very unconcerned that I was going to be going somewhere else and they were going to lose my patronage. So if she sees this, sorry to Synthea for leaving you as I know that consistent clients is important, but they couldn't fit me in and didn't give me any alternative.
5	I've tried a few nail salons in the area and always come back here!!! It is definitely a fancy experience- your nail technician is focused on you rather than chatting with the other employees- they're so personable and professional and the salon itself is so chic!! My husband even went with me today and had a relaxing pedicure. Summer did my nails and she was awesome!!! I won't go to another salon!
3	I received an email from sundrops which offered me a free mini mani for my birthday which was awesome. I arrived and told the woman at the front desk what I was there for. She said they were full until 2pm. That was fine, it was only 1 1/2 hours later. When I returned, I saw others being escorted to nail stations being offered a beverage but when I was escorted back I was not offered one. My technician's name was Pam. She was nice and made polite conversation but not very much of it. She did however stop mid nail filing to make plans with another nail tech. I'd say it was a good minute or two of her holding my hand in hers, discussing logistics of their plans and how the other nail tech had to drop her kids off at school at nine but they could meet at ten. She did a nice job with shaping my nails-they were a mess previously. She also painted them exactly how I wanted, matte black with glitter polish on my ring finger. They weren't as matte as I would've hoped but that's the polish's fault not hers. When I walked outside to my car after my appointment I noticed that every single black nail had bubbles in the polish and some areas were thicker than others. My nails had almost a wavy look to them. Since it was free, I didn't want to inconvenience anyone by complaining so I went home and redid my nails myself. I did have a pretty nice experience overall so I will likely give them another chance.
4	This place is fun and hip! The staff is nice and friendly. I got a gel manicure with glitter and it turned out really great and it has lasted for a while. It's a little pricey but I would not mind going again.
5	Review based on repeated services with: Tiffany, Kelly, and SenthiaI have been getting my nails done here for about 3 years now. My schedule does not allow me the luxury of an every two-week visit, or even monthly for that matter....but this is one of my go-to places!  I am one of those  girls who prefers seeing the same person so that I know what I am getting. Happily, I have found three ladies at Sundrops who I can schedule with (see above). So many of us feel like we are "cheating" on our tech if we see someone else. It doesn't matter who I schedule with...if the other ladies are working the same day, I am greeted with a warm welcome by all! Service is wonderful and consistent. Some may be frustrated with the fact that it is almost impossible to get an appointment as a walk-in on nights and weekends....but that tells you how good this place is. Although it is a nail spa, it does not compare to other places that others have referenced. Do yourself a favor and schedule an appointment! $49 for a salon/spa mani and pedi is a steal!
2	I just moved into the neighborhood and was trying to find the perfect new nail spot. This place looks great and the interior is lovely as well. However, the receptionist was very unfriendly and looked at me as if I didn't belong (I had no makeup on nor do I have plastic surgery as the rest of the clientele). I informed her I was new here and asked about the prices and availability right now. She just showed me the menu and said they were booked until 415...After glancing at the menu, my jaw almost dropped. So I suppose I don't fit into this overpriced, judgmental nail place. I left and no one even said goodbye nor did the receptionist ever ask if I needed to make an appointment.
1	What a rude place. I walk in for a simple freshen up of my manicure by adding the rhinestones that fell off and this nail salon doesn't have the key in the register to ring me up so they can't perform the service, huh??? That's like not taking my money because they can't count back change..absolutely ridiculous. The manager, Tara, told me I should try another nail salon, what?? You can't ring me up so you can't do the service and you refer me to another nail salon? Doesn't make much sense to me but I'll gladly take my business elsewhere.
4	I had a great experience getting a shellac manicure here. Bernice was fabulous. My only critique is that they only offer shellac, not gel. Also, the color if shellac I selected was not available, so I had to go with my second choice color.
5	This is the best nail spot the employees care and are very friendly always with a smile on their faces It might be a few extra dollars for a mani or pedi but it is so worth it for the environment and the cleanliness and the lady's being so perfect my favorite gal is Kelly she is outstanding
4	I would highly recommend this salon if you are looking for something that is not the typical asian nail shop experience.Personally, I was forced to seek out an alternative to the asian nail shop, given that I was recently going through chemo treatments, and due to the fact that immune system is low, all the research warned me to be careful about the sanitary practices of nail salons and to avoid those who used the "whirlpool" baths.As I searched for nail shops online, I came across Sundrops Nail Spot and read all the Yelp reviews.  I know some of the reviews claimed that the shop was pricey, but given my alternatives, I was willing to pay for sanitation/experience.   And, frankly, I felt this was worth it.A friend and I recently enjoyed a lovely Saturday morning (10am appointment time) for a mani-pedi.    Mind you, I had to wait a week to find availability. Given our experience, I don't think you can just spontaneously decide to visit Sundrops (unless maybe you get lucky).   But an early Saturday morning was so low key - we loved it!The shop is very cute, with a nail bar to sit at for a manicure, and a lovely row for seats over sinks to soak your feet for the pedicure.   They offer you drinks (tea, lemonade, water).  And they were playing Breakfast at Tiffany's on the big screen TV.  It cost $98 for two mani/pedis.  (probably about $10 more each person than the asian nail shop).  But given that I have to be careful while in treatment, and the lovely experience at this salon, I don't think the cost difference was significant.The location was convenient for shopping (there is is a Fresh and Easy in the plaza), and for lunching (there is a great pizza place next door, or you can go over to Chelsea's Kitchen for lunch).   I say, do it up:  bring your girlfriends for an pedi-party and then go out to brunch at Chesea's, Postino's or Le Grande Orange!Try it out!
5	This is truly one of the most delightful experiences where getting your nails done is concerned. The atmosphere and the techs are just awesome and it is so beautiful and makes for a wonderful relaxing amazing experience.
5	This place was so great! I came in for a birthday treat and got a shellac manicure and pedicure. The inside is so girly and posh and super clean. The front has a small boutique with very cute gift ideas, and behind that is the nail bar for manicures and lounge area for pedicures. Everyone working was genuinely happy to be there. Nobody was rushing to get through a service so they could take their next customer and they all took the time needed on everyone. Shannon did my gel manicure and Stacy did my pedicure. I had a great conversation with both ladies and left with a huge smile!Although their services are a little pricier, I will definitely be back. It's worth the extra dough!
5	One of the best manicures I have ever gotten, hands down.It was a little pricier but totally worth it since my nails were a wreck (over-filed, smashed in the leaf of a table, just... BAD).Sort of hard to get an appointment - they are busy - but it was totally worth the wait.
