5	I've been to El Ranchero a couple times now and have had great food every time. My business is right around the corner so it's real easy for me to pop in for lunch. Miguel and Cortez are both great there.
4	Excellent traditional mexican food with fair prices. Miguel does a great job in the kitchen using quality ingrediants. Tried the fried shrimp platter and carnitas, muy sobroso! Basic chesse and onion enchiladas are superb.You've got to try this mom & pop casita soon. You will enjly.Beer only, bring your own wine. Cheap date!
5	The food is Amazing!!!! I am addicted to everything on the menu!! Great service!! The owner is great!!!!
5	My family went to El Ranchero recently without any knowledge of how the food  or service was there. I had my usual bean burro, enchilada style (red sauce). It was awesome. The taste was great and the price was very affordable.I think it was $3.99 for the bean & cheese burro. I don't recall the cost of adding the enchilada sauce, but it was reasonable. I took photos of the burrito and the outside of the restaurant. I will take some daytime photos in the future. My brother loved his chicken chimichanga, and his wife really liked her chili relleno. My Mom also loved the dish(?) that she had. We will all be back in the near future. There are located just north of Thomas Rd on the west side of 68TH St. I forgot our waiter's name, but he was the friendliest one I have had in many years. He also owns (or co-owns) El Ranchero. They will season the food as you like it: just let them know when you order if you like your food mild, spicy, or something else. If you love Mexican food, I would try this place at least once to see what you think.
5	We have been searching for great mexican food in Arizona for the last two years. This place hit the spot!! It was honestly some of the best we have ever had and would go back soon. My husband had the Ranchero burrito which I would highly recommend and I had steak fajitas (amazing!!!!). Miguel, the cook brought the food out personally and takes pride in the freshness, combinations of tastes and presentation of his food. He uses his own special seasoning for the fajita meet which really made it stand out above others. I HIGHLY recommend this place!! Hope you enjoy!
5	Yes - go here! We were very happy to find this restaurant around the corner from one of our friends' house which would mean many blissful returns to El Ranchero...We went here with a group of friends on a Saturday for lunch. The restaurant was fairly quiet at the time which suited us perfectly and also had the added benefit of the chef/owner serving us. He was really friendly, sincere and attentive to our table. I had a carne asada quesadilla and barbecue pork soft tacos. My husband had the chicken quesadilla and carne asada soft tacos. All of the above - delicious!The chef also brought us some of the house specialty hot sauce and guacamole to go with the complimentary chips and salsa. These were amazing! I could not get enough of the guacamole and had to ask for extra before we left. The food was priced very decently and the serving sizes were more than enough. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for really tasty authentic Mexican food.
4	The food was solid. Nice chips and salsa, not too rich of beans, and the right amount of cheese. Ordered chorizo and eggs, bean and cheese burrito, carne asada tostada and an enchilada (just because we have to try an enchilada everywhere).Chorizo and eggs - good but not greatBean and Cheese burrito - not overly filled, so it could have had moreCarne asada - Excellent!Enchilada - a very good enchilada (not on the menu, so make sure to ask)The only problem was the service. There were only 2 people working, and the woman didn't speak english well enough so the chef had to come out and take orders. So he was obviously very busy and missed the side of rice we ordered. No fault to his own, he was doing everything, but it was something to note. We were thinking that maybe she fits more with the spanish speaking neighborhood, but for us it made it a little difficult to order.
5	This place rocks!  Miguel, owner and chef, is awesome.  Besides making some kick-ass Mexican fare, he is a great guy.  He will serve you the food himself, and go out of his way to make sure you are satisfied.  Guacamole is not on the menu, however, you need only ask Miguel to make some.  And Miguel makes the BEST GUACAMOLE YOU WILL EVER EAT!!!  Garlic shrimp were great, and the beans that accompany the main courses are amazing (and i don't like beans!).  Fajitas full of flavor.  Endless chips and salsa to start.  I could go on and on.  We were in Scottsdale for 8 nights, and ate at some great places (Deseo, Roaring Fork, Pomo Pizzeria Napoletana, Hiro Sushi, Rehab Burger Therapy, White Chocolate Grill).  If I could only return to one of them again in my lifetime, it would be El Ranchero.
5	Awesome food, great price and great service! We went on a Friday night and it was just us and another family in the restaurant.  The flavors and feel reminded me of my favorite place in Puerto Vallarta. Authentic flavors and service. The owner/chef waited on us personally, and was very attentive. Salsa is a bit spicy but very good. Ask for some guacamole, it's not on the menu, but he'll make it fresh for you. And the green sauce is to die for! I had the marinated pork chimichanga ( also not on the menu) and my boyfriend had the carne asada. Both were wonderful. Even the rice and beans were good! We will definitely be back. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!!
4	My family and I were visiting AZ for the first time from the east coast.We  found this wonderful restaurant on a Thursday afternoon after a long flight. We were greeted by the owner/chef who helped us with the menu and we had the best red salsa and chips. Our family of four enjoyed the enchiladas and the chimichangas. It was a great way to begin our trip to AZ and hope some day to go back.
2	so far, this is the most deceptive yelp rating we have found. this is NOT a 4.5 star mexican restaurant., and it really isn't even a 3 star eatery. our start here was good, with tasty chips and salsa and a kind waitress whose english was very shaky (all of which we took as a promising sign).  we had high hopes as we waited far too long for our food, but the warning signs were already there; the worst margaritas ever, not even one other party arriving for dinner, and a drab dining room that looked much better in the photos. when the food finally did come, it was just disappointing.  and while the salsa that came with the chips was good, both the red sauce, and green sauce that was brought to the table with the food were both lousy. the beans were salty, the rice was weird, and i believe the taco shells were from a box. not one in our party of 5 were the slightest bit impressed with the food quality. not sure why it's so difficult to find decent mexican food in this town, but it is! steer far away from el ranchero, it's one of the poorest i have ever been to. cannot believe that some people ranked it so highly! the only one in the east valley has received rave reviews from us so far, has been "susies mexican cafe" in east tempe. take the drive!
5	Excellent! Small and quiet, friendly staff and amazing food! The rice is especially delicious. The salsa has a kick and hit of lime- devine! The Chile Relleno was delicious and presented beautifully. The chicken fajitas were marinated and moist and juicy!Check out the women's bathroom for a laugh.
5	My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place about a month ago on our way home from Papago Park and we were both pleasantly surprised. The food was fantastic and moderately priced and all of the staff members had smiles on. It was a memorable experience and we felt we needed to come back.We came back today and to our surprise the waiter remembered us after a whole month. Nothing makes you feel more welcome than having a waitress or waiter mention they remember you. Our waiter was Miguel and he was absolutely fantastic. We will definitely be coming back again.
4	My mom and I went here on 5-13-13 and she Had the chicken fajitas and I Had The steak fajitas. We both loves our dishes, the place is small and quite I would Recommend going here for really good food along with good prices. We will Definitely be going back
4	Decided to try this restaurant at a recommendation from a friend who lives in the area. The food was very good! The cooks aren't afraid to be sure there is some kick either! We ordered three different items to all sample them- beef/steak enchilada, pork tacos, and a chicken Mexican 'pizza'. Each was so yummy! VERY large glasses of soda. As we went at an extremely early dinner hour, we received a lot of attention from the staff, who were very friendly and hospitable. A good experience and meal overall!
3	God I'm a cheap date.  My choice for dinner.  I had eaten at another restaurant in the same location quite a few years ago.  The decor was pretty horrendous, but the food was okay.  We arrived on a Friday night to an empty parking lot, but wait, there was one truck on the side.  Arguing over whether it was actually open (where would all the employees be parked?), I marched my lazy ass to the door, and yep, they were open.  My first thought was, "I actually didn't think this place could go downhill in appearances, I was wrong."  From the outdoor wire tables serving as pub tables in the bar, to the same giant fake tree that has stood there as long as the Redwoods, to tile that must have been installed the year tile was invented, to the tables all with chairs up indicating they weren't really expecting customers (and we were it as a matter of fact), two things were clear.  I was either going to get a food-borne illness or a pretty good meal.  I got the latter.Although there were quite a few seafood dinners, we went the safe route and both got burritos...his a carne asada, mine carnitas.  His without enchilada sauce was toasted.  Mine enchilada style with a pretty good sauce.  Not much I can say.  Burritos were good.  They had Mexican Coke in a bottle.  I left happy.  Would I go again?  Maybe.  I like a good hole-in-the-wall, but this was like the hole in the hole-in-the wall.  It also felt a little strange with no other customers.  I even saw the cook peek into the restaurant, perhaps wondering who had actually come in.  The only other people there were a a few sitting at the bar, obviously friends or relatives.
