4	As far as mini marts go this actually has more food than usual to offer. Like butter, ready to eat meals, and toilet paper.  The prices arent as steep as other places either. If i needed milk or bread and was in the area I might stop here rather than go thru smiths and waste precious time to get what i need. I deliberated - 3 or 4 stars? well, The guy behind the counter was friendly which bumps it up from three to four stars.
3	The only reason I stepped inside this mini mart was because of the Krispy Krunchy  Chicken sign outside. So they have a small stand inside selling Cajun fried chicken. I got a 3 piece, comes with a biscuit. The chicken was decent, good flavor, not  greasy, I would get it again. The biscuit was horrible though, I think it may have been sitting too long. Oh well. The cost was about 5$. Staff was friendly.
4	Wow!  You wouldn't expect fried chicken out of a convenience store.  But this place was good!  We see the signs for it all the time driving down Sunset. We read the reviews and decided to try it. This reminds me of getting good food at the 7-11 in Hawaii. Not just serving microwave meals or cold sandwiches. Guy behind the counter was very friendly.   We tried the chicken, catfish, biscuits and fried corn!?!?  Interesting!  I won't order that again. It is a little weird for me.  But the other food was good. Biscuits are amazing!   Freshly made and covered in honey.  Chicken had good spice and flavor. I still added hot sauce too. It was a little too salty for me and I like things salty. It is cheap and worth a try!  Crazy!  Who would have thought to find it here.
1	The chicken is pretty good for this place, I can't deny that. But walking into the store was.... less than appealing. Half the lights weren't even on, the floor was very dirty and nobody was inside at first. I had to wait ten minutes before the guy came out of the cooler. I asked for the chicken and he was nice to me about it. Then he tried to charge me more than what it said on the menu! So yeah... Good chicken, horrible place.
