5	Out of all the wells fargos that I have been to this is the branch that I love.  They really take the time to make you happy and usually waves any fees that you have gotten.  Every other branch that I have been to I have had some bad experiences.  But going to this branch has given me faith in the banking industry
5	I hate dealing with banks.  I cannot stress this enough I hate dealing with banks.  But at least this bank has a great manager Brendon anytime I have a issue he resolves it fast.  He is always there to help you out so if you are looking for a great place to have a banking relation ship I would try this location.
4	There are only a few things I expect from a Bank:- Keep the lines moving.- Keep the process simple.- Don't charge me any unnecessary fees.- Get it right the first time.I've been to this particular location a couple of times and they have met my requirements each visit.  The staff is friendly and it's a quick in/out.  It is located in a pretty good shopping center with Starbucks, Chipotle, Smiths, Golden Swirl, Sammy's Woodfired Pizza, and numerous others that make it a convenient if you're hungry or need to run errands.Will I return?  No doubt.
5	I am getting away from Bank of America. I opened a checking account and found out I will not have to pay fees. Kristen explained everything and was very helpful. Great experience.
1	No stars if I could. An employee opened a credit card in my name without my permission. I confronted him and he said I asked for the card. There is no paperwork and my signature was nowhere to be found on any documentation. I asked to see the manager and he wouldn't come out to see me he was in a meeting. I escalated to the district manager. He talked a great game made me feel like things were going to get done and nothing happened. After about two months of waiting for something to be done I had to reach out to Wells Fargo using the toll free line and report the issue. Then I had to contact each credit bureau and report that the card was fraudulently opened in my name so that when I closed it it wouldn't negatively impact my credit report. The whole thing took about 4 months to resolve and I had to do it on my own. Worst of all. The employee still works there....My accounts are now closed. They are under alot of presure to open new accounts. Apparently this leads them to commit fraud and management looks the other way.
5	I've been banking at this branch for about a year and have never waiting longer than 5 minutes in line for a teller.  I went there recently to discuss options for my new business and Peter was a one stop shop. He and walked me through my business account and what I needed.  He even had all the information printed and ready for me to sign before I walked in the door. Then, he contacted the other departments to help get me set up with insurance and a merchant account. I highly recommend this branch. Extremely proficient and highly recommended.
5	After finding service fees for my 40+ year checking account I called the 800 # for Wells Fargo.  Took a while but finally got the fees reversed but had to switch from one type of account to some other so it would not happen again......or so I was told. I was not pleased with the service on the phone so decided to walk into the branch on N. Durango.  After a very short wait my husband and I were introduced to Jessica G., the Customer Service Sales Rep.  We sat at her desk and within the first 5 minutes had everything taken care of.  Turns out the account the person on the phone gave us had "strings" attached to keep it free from any service fees.....she NEVER said anything about those.  JESSICA went over each type of account, asked what services we really needed and got everything straightened out to our satisfaction.  Maybe the "help" at the 800# should get lessons from Jessica.....she knew her job and did it extremely efficiently and friendly.  It was a pleasure doing business with Jessica!!!!!
5	I have been with this bank since 1998 and have never exerienced any problems. The associates are always nice and friendly. If you need a solid bank with very competent employees try Wells Fargo.
1	WellsFargo is ok but this location is the worst.  So many rules as a business customer is ridiculous.  Looking into changing banks. Funny how I have issues with the same guy everytime.
1	Horrible customer service. If you go in there, stay away from the mexican lady, Cassandra. All she did the whole time was play with her phone the whole time. Never made eye contact the entire time. The absolute worst customer service of any bank.
