4	As the name suggest, the Golf Shop on Rose Street stocks all things golf. I'm not a golfer but have bought my dad a few things from here before... well, when I say a few things, I really just mean a few golf balls as I really don't know much about any of the other stuff. I'm a little bit ignorant when it comes to golf, I'll admit.If you're a golf fan then this place is perfect for golf goodies and if, unlike me, you know the difference between a driver and an iron then you'll appreciate this place so much more than I do. They really do have wares galore and whatever golf related item you're looking for, I'm sure it can be found here.
4	Despite being at best inconsistent, at worst utterly incompetent, I went through quite a lengthy phase during my teens of loving the game of golf. It's great exercise, often involves wonderful scenery, and there truly are few things in life more satisfying than a well struck golf shot, apart from kicking the head clean off a dandelion, which is at least much cheaper and doesn't involve hanging around with middle-aged BNP voters.Unfortunately, it's also a sport that's very difficult, frustrating, and out of touch, factors which combined to ensure I hung up my clubs a good few years back. Recently I've had a few inklings to get back into it, and while I doubt it will actually happen, the idea means I inevitably end up having a browse in here quite often. It's not huge, but is well stocked with a range of clubs and accessories. I was particularly fond of the snazzy Pink Panther headcovers, as good a way to get noticed on the fairways as any.
3	I'm not a golfer, so excuse the lack of technical knowledge here. I am, however, a student and always out on pub golf nights. Thus, I've been in here a few times for inspiration - but never bought anything because it's quite pricey.They sell all your typical golf needs - clothes, putters, shoes etc etc. It's your one-stop-golf shop!the staff are really friendly too, I always feel quite bad for looking around and not buying. They must have cottoned on by now, surely.Overall, if you need inspiration or if you want something golf-related, this is your place!!
5	If you need anything golf related, the Rose Street Golf Shop is the place to go. Situated in the centre of Rose Street, the Golf Shop is right in the centre of the city and it is just around the corner from the main shopping street in Edinburgh, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach. I am not really that into golfing, but one of my friends love it (probably borderline obsessed with it) and he is always raving about this store and so I came with him one time, and I have to say, I absolutely loved this store. It sells absolutely everything you could ever require in order to play golf. They sell the clubs, balls, clothes, shoes, bags, hats and a vast range of golfing accessories. I will admit that I was pretty tempted to buy a women's golfing jumper as it looked beautiful and soft, but I restrained myself! The staff in the Golf Shop are really friendly and welcoming and are incredibly knowledgeable about everything relating to golf, and so no matter what your question is, these guys will be able to answer it. Rose Street Golf Shop is a little gem of a store, and you don't have to be a golfing enthusiast to appreciate it.
