5	Above and Beyond Service  One morning I ordered an Americano, and when I got to the counter to pick up my drink, I realized that I forgot to order the piadini I had wanted, and the line was too long to go back through. The barista must have noticed my heavy sigh, asked what was wrong, and I explained.  She stepped away from the coffee machine and returned minutes later with a piadini "take care of it next time and have a great day" she said.  Wow.  That has NEVER happened to me anywhere!  (I did pay for it the next time).  A couple  weeks ago, I ordered an Americano and piadini at the drive thru (yes, I can be a creature of habit), and when I got to the window they told me the total I owed  - it was so low that I said "you must have forgotten my piadini"  They had the piadini ready for me but had not rung it up, so they told me it was on the house.  Wow.  Earlier this evening I stopped in for a coffee and as always received quick, friendly and professional service.  Many other Starbucks are staffed by teenagers about as excited to serve me as they are to do court-ordered community service.  Not at 16th and Bethany - these people seem genuinely happy I've stoppped in and want me to return.  Kudos to the staff!
5	Anne W's review is spot-on.  This Starbucks location is always very welcoming both when I go inside and in the drive thru.  Very consistent and dependable when I am in need of a caffiene kick in the butt.
5	This particular location always has a crowd but the wait is never long & I've never experienced a bad drink here :)The guy at the drive-thru window saw my dog in the car with me and offered him a "Pupiccino" LOL ( whipped cream in a small cup )
2	I am a very frequent Starbucks visitor. Yes, it is a big chain and do prefer to frequent locally owned shops, I go to Starbucks because overall they are generally consistent. I frequently drink chai soy lattes. How difficult could this to be to make. Consistently,  they are terrible at this one particular starbucks. I don't know why. I hope who ever reads this reviews from Starbucks finds out. And if they're not reading this.. "tisk, tisk"
5	5 stars for the wide open spaces! We all know that Starbuck's drinks are all standard, pretty much.So when I look at stores I look for the outlets and the tables...I guess also the location.When ever you go into a Starbucks, no matter what location you instantly feel your in a different place...the company's interior design gets me every time, the insistent Feng Shui is just so relaxing and productive. Or maybe its all in my head..ha!I like this location because of the outlets and the tables...all very accommodating. I am purest so I don't mess with Carmel frapps or the peppermint mochas...tall coffee or black passion tea for me my coffee artisans of 16th st and BethHome....and let the caffeine pass through my veins...stirring my inner most career ambitions! l'chaim!    R\_
4	Love the S-Bux. Would give this place FIVE stars since it does have expanded hours and ample seating accommodations BUT....Parking here is terrible, awkward, and sometimes dangerous. When things get crazy in the am sometimes the drive-through line can actually gridlock patrons in the parking lot... hard to describe but once you see this place you will understand.REALLY wish this place would go 24 hrs... its only closed for like 4-5 hours so why the heck not?!?!?!
3	This location offers horrible parking and is always busy.But, they have an oven, meaning they are able to serve their breakfast sandwiches.The Baristas are also all very friendly and do a good job of cleaning up (quickly) after people who are too lazy to throw their empty cups, napkins, ect in the trash.
3	I enjoy this Starbucks and believe me all of them are different. Love how they make chi tea lattes here but their service is just so so sometimes I prefer the drive through at this one.
5	I love this place and the new look inside...  Coffee is the same, it's Starbucks people...!   But seriously, do something about the brutally slow internet....  : (
4	The location of this Starbucks makes it ideal for a lot of business meetings which also means that it is always crowded.  The drive-thru is always long and parking is limited. The staff is friendly though and I have never been disappointed with my order.
4	One of the only Starbucks I've seen with the swamp misters outisde. Pretty cool. They had some good jams playing inside as well and the gentlemen behind the counter had a strong southern accent, so obviously this is my new favorite place on Earth.
2	I came here to get some work done on the laptop and since they list their hours as open until 11:00pm I figured I could get more done than by going to Lux who close at 10:00pm.I was not a happy camper when, at 10:22pm,  I was informed that "the lobby is closing in 10 minutes" They need to change their posted hours because I would not have come here if I knew I was going to have grab my coffee, pack up and leave.I prefer to patronize local coffee establishments anyway, so I should have stuck to my guns.
4	This drive thru is ALWAYS busy, so get here early and don't be in a rush! However, the staff is always very quick and cheery, and they always get my day started right by simply being in such a good mood, despite their cranky customers! Thanks guys!
5	Most friendly Starbucks staff ever! Never had a drink made wrong. Yes the drive- thru can get extremely busy, they get the drinks out really fast!! I always choose this Starbucks over the one closer to my house.
5	Drive thru is super fast and employees are courteous and helpful. Always smiling, Keep it up guys!
3	I truly do favor locally-owned coffee shops, but depending on where I am in town Starbucks may have to do. This location is okay -- I've never had a problem with the service. This location has outdoor seating that faces the Bethany Home/16 St intersection. There's a nice view of the mountains to the northeast. Some other facets of the location I am compelled to warn you about. 1. Parking -- not much of it, and very tight. You risk being towed if you don't watch where you park. Other businesses are on this corner and they're very protective of their parking. 2. Getting in and out -- on the Bethany Home side, you really need to be driving east to turn in (right). Otherwise, it needs to be 8 p.m. On the 16th St side, you really need to turn right to go north on 16th -- turning left will hold up everyone behind you and you need to watch for traffic in at least 4 lanes. Again, to make a south turn on 16th St it really needs to be REALLY early in the morning or REALLY late at night. Any other time of day and you're asking for a fender-bender. It's an okay location; you just need to be careful how you come in and leave, and where you park.
4	This Starbucks closes late so that's the upside it has a cool patio and the inside is nice just the one thing I have to complain about is the Internet it sucks but I you come here for anything else it's all good.
5	Went through the drive thru to get some coffee and water today. It was a rather long wait, but when we finally got to the window they gave us our drinks for FREE! Such a nice and pleasant surprise. Thanks Starbucks!
3	It is Starbucks after all, nothing special about this place.  When you really need a coffee and/or sweet things and there aren't any places around you, you take what you can have.
5	Staff is very friendly and always on point!  Not to mention... Some really cute guys working behind the counter... Just sayin!
4	The staff here is great and normally make my drinks perfectly. As everyone else has stated, the parking and drive through are a mess. Getting in and out requires another level of patience. But if you go during off peak hours you can typically get in and out pretty quickly. Overall it's one of the better Starbucks I've been to.Skinny caramel machiatto is the best!
3	The baristas are friendly and the coffee is tasty but DO NOT go here in the morning if you are trying to get somewhere on time. The drive-thru and parking is a mess!
5	I go here very often, and the staff is always wonderful to me. They almost always get my complicated order down. On the occasion they make a mistake they are quick to fix it and very nice about it. The entire staff deserves to be rewarded for always being outstanding. Thank you!
4	This is the largest Starbucks I have even been into. The staff was friendly. There is even an outside area. My only problem was a parking problem.
4	love the remodel this past year and friendly staff.  beware of the drivethrough!  does get blocked up and people get upset.  relax, take your time and don't be in too much of a rush.  not worth getting upset if it takes a couple extra minutes to get your coffee or leave...
4	Great staff. Super friendly. Ordered a caramel frapp. Tasted good. Kudos for spelling my name right. Location is very big and super clean inside. Outside seating area is there for those willing to melt outside. Can't forget about the free wifi
1	Wow, I have never received such crappy service in my life. The Barista must've worked for the welfare office or dmv, or another city service job, cause her attitude showed. Sometimes these people forget what they do and who they work for. Avoid this location, either go to the on on camelback or 7 st.
3	Dam forget about going through the drive thru in the morning unless you like waiting a long time.  In a word location on the corner and if you park to go in with that drive thru line you be stuck for a bit til it moves.  No other complaint it's another typical Starbucks just as good as all the other ones.
4	This Starbucks is awesome. The staff are attentive and fast. I've been going here, on and off, for almost 10 years. I never have a complaint about this store. It's always clean and they're really good about keeping the bathrooms clean. The food and drinks are always up to standard and if anything is wrong, the partners always are good (and polite) about fixing it.
