3	First time in..I'm told they opened last Friday.. doing the research now.. more to come. ...Follow up :) So a friend and I had some drinks, we ate some food.. having not been open long, they were already out of 'signature' items like the pretzels.. so we opted for the potato chip nachos, cheese-steak, and French dip. Nothing bad, nothing great about any one of them. Nachos were good, a little light on the toppings, but tasty. The French dip and the cheese steak were both good and came with fries or cole slaw.The service was good, and friendly, and that alone would make me go back. Otherwise, it's loaded with tv's beer, grub, and drinks.. should do well on the linq. Happy Eating!
2	Food is OK. Chicken wings are not worth the price.  Bartenders need to be bit more friendly.  They should take notes from Twin Peaks.
3	So what started as an awful experience was remedied by a good waitress (Natalie) and the manager. Still, the place has a lot of kinks to work out. We were promptly seated by a wonderful hostess, where we waited for about 15 minutes before we asked our hostess if there was a waitress in our section. We hadn't been greeted or waters or anything. She quickly got us our server who explained they were having some issues, but quickly owned the situation and offered us a round of drinks on the house. Nicely done. The manager also came by to make sure we got some drinks. We got the food which was just fine. We had a Reuben and the Gaelic chicken. They messed up and gave us pasta instead of the mashed potatoes we requested. Didn't have the heart to tell our server since she had already tried so hard to make things right. She was a blast to talk to, and really she made the experience fun. Overall, I might stop by again... But the staff was what stood out more than the food!
5	Great experience especially considering it was the second day in business. Miranda's great service helped make it a fun afternoon at the Kilt!  Thanks Miranda
4	We only drank, so this is all about the staff, atmosphere, and the beer.Staff:  loved the staff. We sat at the bar and chatted up three different bartenders.  And were checked on by two others. One of the bartenders even photo bombed my drink pic.  LOL. But the thing that I really appreciated, when we first arrived my wife asked the hostess if they had any ciders.  The hostess asked if my wife was gluten free.  She is.  She was diagnosed with severe gluten allergies earlier this year.  The hostess told my wife they had gluten free beer.  Awesome.Atmosphere:  was good.  Loved the decor.  I love Irish pubs.  This felt removed from the Vegas glitz, even though it obviously was still part of it.  But, it still had that homey feel I like in pubs.  And I loved the mix the DJ was playing.Prices were par for Vegas, high for home.  But I can't mark them down for charging to pay the bills.Now, if corporate reads this, please open one is Pasadena, CA.  It's rare to find a chain that feels like a local pub.
1	This place is decent for a bar but the food is terrible . I would go for drinks only if anything. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt because they recently opened, but waiting 15 minutes for drinks isn't acceptable. Maybe they should focus on hiring servers who have severed before and not just attractive girls. Their beer selection was pretty good and they had a lot of tvs.
4	Good place to watch sports on tv. I think they have over 40 tv's. The got a great beer and alcohol selection. Didn't have food here so I can't comment on that at this time. The ambiance is not like your typical Irish pub but still good. Come check this place out.
5	I watched the UFC card here and the service was out of this world. The girls were friendly and gorgeous, and the bouncer was the coolest ever. I love it and I never wanna leave
5	Went here on a busy Saturday afternoon. there were high top tables which you can sit at and have drinks. we were seated immediately and served drinks. the girls that work here are really friendly. they wear a cute outfit. Danielle was our server and she was on top of it. the drinks for cold and refreshing. we also had the garlic fries that was delicious. this pub has a lot of TVs that you can watch many different types of sports going on. come to the kilt if you want to have a fun time then go ride the big Ferris wheel which is outside.  the bathrooms are located upstairs which says lads and lassies so make sure you go in the right one. overall the experience was great come here if you wanna have a great time.
3	We stopped into this pub for a bite to eat and watch the soccer tournament being played in Brazil.  England lost, which did not make a lot of Brits sitting in the bar very happy.  My first visit to Tilted Kilt left me thrilled and disappointed at the same time.  I was thrilled because it is a wonderful sports bar with a great business model.  The servers are probably the friendliest I've encountered in a long time. Paula had no problem spending time with us and that made us feel right at home.  They also offered us a discount simply because we were locals (people who actually live in Vegas)..  We really did enjoy ourselves, that is, until the food came.  It would probably be no surprise to our friends to hear that we chose the fish and chips on the menu.  We've been looking for a good one since our favorite place for this item closed last year.  The fish was a beer-battered cod that the restaurant proudly claims is made with Sam Adams beer.  It is proudly displayed on the menu as a featured item.  We were very disappointed.  It looked great when it arrived in the basket with fries and onion rings on the side but, we quickly lost interest as we dug in.  The breading was quite doughy and flavorless.  it tasted like grease and when I took a fork and pressed into the fish, it oozed oil.  The same for the onion rings and fries.  Greasy as can be.  This tells me the oil was not hot enough when the food was dropped in.  Why can't these kitchens test the the temperature of oil before they dip anything into it?  Why doesn't a good  line cook or chef know that it takes time for a deep fryer to recover heat lost after frying a batch of battered fish?  Maybe it's me.  Maybe I expect too much but, I don't think so.  I grew up on the East Coast having fish and chips every Friday for most of my young life.  While in school, I worked at several restaurants that specialized in making fish and chips .. or a "fish fry" as we called them.  I guess I'll just have to keep looking for that elusive fish fry.  As for the Tilted Kilt; it's a fine place to sit and have a beer!
2	I feel very conflicted in writing this review, but I think it needs to be written. Our party arrived at 4:30pm in order to get a good view of the TVs for Game 5 of the Stanley Cup Finals.The good: Food. Everything we ordered came out cooked well and tasted fantastic. The beer cheese? AMAZING. Pulled Pork? Fantastic. After ordering fries from the happy hour menu (more on this later), it took about 20 minutes to get them. Our server gave us a second order at no charge. That's really where the "good" ends.The bad: They didn't have ANY drinks available for happy hour! What kind of bar, new or old, doesn't have drinks available for happy hour?! It's on the menu, but they "haven't figured out the pricing for it yet." So you still pay Strip prices for alcohol. This was a huge disappointment that they hopefully fix very soon.The UGLY: After being there for a couple hours (3 periods, plus intermissions and OT), someone decided to change the channel in the middle of the OT period. We waited for about 2 minutes before we bailed on our check and ran down the way to Yard House who had the game on. We did come back to pay our check and watch the second OT period, but they had split up our table and didn't put the game back on the TV we had been watching. Our server apologized, but the only comment we received from management was "you should've stayed. They got the game back on," met with a chuckle. As a Kings fan, during the eventual Cup winning game, I felt this was very rude and a little bit disrespectful.I won't trust Tilted Kilt LV to air any professional sport in its entirety from here out. I understand it could have been a freak incident, but to cause customers and fans to potentially miss the game winning goal and NOT APOLOGIZING is pathetic. They are lucky we were honest people that came back to pay the check. Get your issues hashed out and put booze on the happy hour menu and MAYBE I'll change my star rating. Until then, I won't recommend this place to anyone.
1	Can I put zero stars. At this point it took us 20 minutes after getting seated to get a waitress to stop at the table. Then given a poor excuse about why. Don't know if the food is any good at this time but the beer selection looks good.
3	My boyfriend, my in-laws and I came here to watch the soccer game,  rooting for USA.So obviously, the place was PACKED! So it's understandable that service was extremely slow. My boyfriend and I ordered 2 fat tires, and it took a while to get them, but we were distracted by the game. When we received it, I thought the glasses was HUGE! At least compared to other places.The waitresses are extremely nice, however, I noticed a few just standing around by the entrance just chatting, when instead they could be helping the customers.We did not order anything to eat because as busy as it is, we did not feel like waiting.Once the game was over, a lot of people just left the pub. There was hardly anyone in there. We ordered another 2 fat tires and just pretty relaxed and enjoyed watching the television. When it was time to get our check, the waitress took almost 30 minutes to get it to us. About 17 minutes in, she came back and said she forgot what we needed.It would be understandable if the pub was still packed, but it wasn't.
3	This was my first time in a Tilted Kilt and I was excited about trying it out. Our server was very friendly.  Our food took a while to come, and when it did finally come, only part of our table got their food.  The rest came about 10 minutes later.  The food was all right, nothing special, and a bit over-priced.  Several friends ordered spicy burgers or wraps and it was not spicy at all.  I don't know that I would go back, especially with so many other choices in Vegas.
4	Black & Blue, Guiness and Blue Moon- $11, over priced, food was good, french dip, service was great, we had Teresa, she did a great job and we would come back again, no problem
3	I had dinner here when I was in town last week, and while the food wasn't bad, there was certainly room for improvement.I sat at the bar, which wasn't too crowded at 6 p.m. on a Sunday. The bartenders were very nice, and service there came pretty quickly. I had a Tennessee Arnold Palmer, which wasn't a bad cocktail (the drink was stiff, but so was the $12 pricetag!).However, the kitchen was very slow in making food, and not to just me. It took about 40 minutes for my burger, and while it wasn't bad, others at the bar also remarked about the slow rate at which entrees left the kitchen.It's not a bad bar and grill, and it'll do well in its current location. I'm not opposed to giving it another shot; hopefully the kitchen is a little quicker getting food out next time.
4	I'm a fan of this place. It's in the newly opened LINQ area, which is quickly becoming a hangout for Las Vegas locals. I didn't try the food, but nearby people at the bar were eating and it looked good. Me and my buddies came in just for drinks and we were greeted warmly by the hostesses and the bartenders. Everyone here is also in full get-up, even the dudes are wearing kilts here, so be prepared for that. We came in late at night, so there were no games on, but it looked like a good place to watch a game.
3	Came to Vegas on 4th of July and we wanted to eat somewhere in Linq so we decided to give Tilted Kilt a try.  My boyfriend ate at one of the California locations and said it was good so we said, "why not"Well, there was a blonde girl at the door with menus and my boyfriend greeted her by saying hello but he was completely ignored by her.  She didnt even look at us as we walked past her into the place.  Uh, hello?  If you're going to be a door hostess, part of your job is to acknowledge the customers that walk in.  Well, I thought that was pretty rude. So minus a star for that. Anyways, we got seated right away.  Our waitress was very nice and helpful in regards in what to order.  I got:Celtic Poutine Fries (to share among 3 people total)BBQ Chicken WrapCeltic Poutine Fries:  HH for $5, and I don't think it was worth it at all.  Although the waitress gushed about how they were her favorite, I beg to differ.  It was a small portion and the fries were so soggy at the bottom.  There was cheese on top but the cheese was just melted into huge chunks..so basically it was fries covered in some sort of sauce with huge chunks of cheese that werent even melted onto the fries.  Even the appearance of the dish was not very appealing itself.  Plus, it was super salty.  I'm not sure why but whenever we eat out at non-Asian restaurants, most of our food always comes out super salty :( BBQ Chicken Wrap:  I actually really liked this wrap!  The wrap was very flavorful and the portion was very filling.  I wasnt able to finish the entire thing.  It came with a side of fries and so I asked for a side of ranch but the waitress did not mention that it would be an extra fifty cents...it's only fifty cents but it would have been polite if she mentioned it before bringing it out..........Didnt even know until she brought the check out.Some other side notes... one thing I did not like about this place is how they placed the restrooms upstairs making it super inconvenient for customers dining downstairs.  I had to go up 2 flights of stairs just to wash my hands... they really should've placed a bathroom on each floor... Another thing is.. I'm not sure if it is just because this is the Vegas location but the food was a bit on the pricey side.  My friend ordered Stella and it was $11. C'mon!  Was the food worth the price? Eh, we could've found somewhere better.  Will we be coming back again?  Prob not in Vegas if the pricing is different from California.  Worth the try?  Sure, why not but they didnt have anything super eye catching on their menu..
1	I just ate here and it was horrible. The bartender was to busy to take our order. My husband had to call him over. Finally I got a drink but he forgot my husbands drink. We then ordered food. My food was to burnt to eat. The bartender asked if I wanted them to replace it but I wasn't willing to risk spit in my food. If they have such horrible food and service they will spit in your food. Don't eat or drink there!  U r warned!!
3	Stopped by last weekend with my family while we were in town on vacation. Can't say it's the best Kilt we've ever visited, being from San Diego they are much better there. It was just ok, probably won't visit again.
5	Great service. Definitely check this place out! Location is perfect, right in the middle of the strip, next to The High Roller! The whole ambiance of The Linq is puts off a perfect roam outdoor dining district, sporting numerous bars, restaurants, and shopping. Located right on the middle of the strip, with one of Las Vegas biggest attractions, The worlds tallest observation wheel, the tilted kilts overall is a must visit. Great food, service, numerous TV's showing sports, and a great outdoor view. Ashley our server was great, extremely friendly, building relationships with us as we dined. Thank you Ashley so much!!!!  All the staff was always friendly, smiling and greeting us. As a casino industry executive I can honestly say that The Tilted Kilt offers friendly service, great food, and a perfect strip location.
1	I have to say that the place is new, pretty nice inside, the bartender was good. And started to get busy while we were there.... All we ordered food wise was the pretzels which came out slow, but hit and they tasted great. We had 3 beers and a Bloody Mary between the two of us and our bill was as $51. I know this is Vegas and things may cost a little more. However, $11 for Angry Orchard is ridiculous. I know how much they pay for their legs and they are purposely gouging you on the cost of their draft beer. $51 for 2 pretzels and some beers. Lame. I wouldn't suggest or come back based on how expensive it is. I should add I have visited a Tilted Kilt in Arizona and it was not nearly as expensive. Vegas prices will keep me from ever coming back.
3	Horrid service 25 minutes to receive a soda and a beer from the tap. Hardly any patrons but tons of workers standing around doing NOTHING!OK I would now like to add... The manager came over and was really nice.  He gave us a new waitress.  Made sure our food was out promptly.  Also checked on us a few more times.  Thank you for making amends.
4	Great place for lunch! Everything is brand new and nice! Quick service and delicious food. Our server Erika was very nice. The only thing I didn't like was walking upstairs to use the restroom. Other than that it was a great place!
5	The Spot is LIVE, D.J. Mike Really knows  how to mix!!!!! Friendly staff, nice Sports Bar!!!
1	The service was prompt until our waitress had more tables than just ours. She was too busy taking care of the larger party of guys that came in and barely came back to us or the other 3 smaller tables by us.Their special cocktail ran out of the key ingredient (it was a Friday before 6pm). Things didn't get too crazy yet to start running out of things for your signature drinks.  The pretzels were good but the fish and chips were mediocre...beer batter was generic. The Shepard's pie was highly disappointing, bland and more mash than anything else. Music got really loud starting around 8pm, the DJ was doing his set. Way too loud for the restaurant area IMO.I would not recommend this place to anyone, not even with the discount. The boobs (all squished and not evenly squished either! ) didn't even save this place, there are better sets in other restaurants in the Linq.
2	First time I had ever been to a Tilted Kilt.  Only went because that's where friend wanted to go.  I wouldn't have known that one was in town had it not been for him - did not notice anywhere on LVB that clearly let you know what is in The Linq.  Anyway, it is just a typical bar serving typical pub food.  Food was not bad, just nothing to write home about.  BF got the Boston Burger, asked for MR got MW to W.  He said the taste was good though.  I got the Irish Dip (French Dip) which tasted just like a French Dip I could order anywhere.  We did get the pretzels, which were good - soft and not too much salt, but the cheese dip left a lot to be desired.   With my water and his lemonade, the total bill tip and all was $50.  I can't imagine what it would be if we had ordered drinks.  I agree with what others say in that, yes, drink prices on the Strip are typically higher, but these were way out of line with the norm.We probably won't go back, as it isn't worth dealing with the Strip crowds to go.
4	Love the new area this place is in, the Quad area right by the super huge Ferris wheel. There's a long walkway with a bunch of shops and restaurants. Tilted kilt is in there. This sports bar is cool because of all the numerous tv's. You can basically watch any sport in here! If it's not on one of the screens, ask them to change! One of the managers, ivory, hooked us up this past Thursday night! We called beforehand and he reserved a large table for us and had the Dodger/Angel game (as requested) on several tv's around that table. We had a party of ten and it worked out great!  Bathrooms are upstairs near the entrance and the upstairs area was cool too. Had tv's around a bar like sitting area up there. Nobody was sitting up there but you could have some privacy if you wanted to. But no bartenders or servers up there I don't think. At least I didn't see any. A fun place to hang out.
5	The wraps are super yummy. Great service our server was very nice and came to check on us constantly. Great selection of beer and they have over 6 tvs for the games.
5	I am actually shocked that this restaurant doesn't have a 4+ star rating on Yelp. I feel like I'm a pretty picky/opinionated person with high standards for restaurants and I was floored by the food and service at this place.My girlfriend and I came stumbling in here after a show at the Brooklyn Bowl. We were both amazed by how good the food was. I ordered a flat bread pizza and my girlfriend ordered buffalo strips. Now, flat bread pizza and buffalo strips are staple crops to our diets (sadly) and we've eaten a lot of pizza/chicken in our lifetimes. That said, the pizza was absolutely delicious and the buffalo strips were, hands down, the best buffalo strips we have ever had. While I am not a fan of restaurants that have their waitresses dress a little skimpy, the service at this place was great as well. Considering that the place was loud and full of drunk people. our waitress was able to take our orders and give attention to our table effortlessly. We were able to order, eat and pay without any issues.Please open a Tilted Kilt in San Jose :)
5	Food was yummo! My friends had the SOB burger and the Wicked Boston Burger = delicious! I had the TK boneless wings, very tasty no heat though (which is what I prefer) and garlic fries which were seasoned perfect.  Our waitress Michelle was very personable and attentive! We Had Celtic Mule and a Bloody Mary for drinks and those were on pOint! Will definitely return, our goal is to try each restaurant at the Linq, and this one is a must.... highly recommend!
2	The food was awful. Why anyone would eat here while in Vegas beats me. Countless other dining options to choose from. Lesson learned.
1	Sat down at the non-busy bar for about 7 minutes. Four or five "bartenders" behind the bar and not one of them realized that we needed a drink but everyone else that came up to the bar after us were served first. I even had my ID out...waiting patiently and trying to make eye contact with anyone who looked like they worked there. It was pretty appalling. Pretty much the worst place for service at the Linq, in my experience so far.We left when we overheard someone get charged $24 for three drinks. One of them was a coke. Went to O'Sheas instead and were served right away. Four drinks, two of them shots, for about $30, all in the matter of 2 minutes within sitting down.
3	Decent lunch at reasonable prices. Fish tacos were good. Fish was well flavored and rightly grilled. Came with chips and salsa which tasted very average. My friends had wraps and sandwiches which seemed good and came with yummy sweet potato fries.
5	Try the Irish Dip!
1	Just terrible.Sign outside says $5 drafts - night special, Tilted Kilt night.  Great, we say!  We'd love a happy hour draft on a hot day.We walk in, find a seat at the crowded bar, and order two Miller Lites.Bill comes, and we're charged $16.  What!?  I ask, he tells me the $5 is for industry night, and only applies to those in industry.  What does that even mean?  I say the sign does not say that, and he argues it does.  I go out to the sign three times to confirm, and every time tell him it does not.He says, well you're wrong, but because you're causing an issue, I will just charge you $10.  Of course you will, because I am not wrong (and, isn't the customer always right anyways?), and you really should check your signs, and honor them.  Maybe most of the people that come in here have really taken Vegas to the extreme so do not notice the bill, but that's just dishonest business.Never again in this location.  Never again in any location.
3	Not bad, not fantastic, a-ok. The location is great, of course, and this is kind of like the Irish version of Hooters. Typical bar food, waitresses in skimpy outfits. Going on a football Sunday, be prepared for lots of games, and lots of volume! It is hard to have a conversation, but I guess if you're going to watch games, cheer loudly, and drink- this is your place! I actually liked the long table at the front- it is seat yourself, and the design of it makes it easy to meet new people as you eat.The food- somewhat overpriced, but decent enough. Wings, big burgers, sandwiches. The service was a little slow, but considering that it was so busy, it was understandable. There are a few other places I'd try at the Linq before returning, but I wouldn't go out of my way to avoid it, either.
1	I know it's Vegas, but really $11 for a draught beer in the middle of a Tuesday afternoon. I guess you have to pay for all those "hostess" standing around!Won't be back. Cheers
3	I stopped in to the Tilted Kilt after a Yelp Event. I was pleased at the beer variety. I had a decent time at the bar although we were not told the beer specials. After my date and I ordered our drinks, another group sat down next to us and they were told about beer specials upon their arrival. SO I spent $20 on two beers with tip when I could have ordered a different beer and spent half of that.
5	Not only are the staff members hospitable but the manager Ivory provided exceptional customer service! Another patron and I were there for about four hours having cocktails and he purchased us a round lof drinks for being there for so long! As a local nobody has ever done this for me!!!
3	So, Tilted Kilt...  I have passed by other branches of this franchise numerous times in Atlanta, and have been meaning to try it for years.  With the premise being a classier version of Hooter's, how can you go wrong?  The occasion finally comes in the form of a bachelor party, as a few of my friends from Chicago make their way to Vegas for their own version of Hangover.  We meet up at Caesar's and cross the street to the Linq, and they're impressed with the short strip of entertainment.  We wait just a bit (10 minutes or so) for a table, and get seated by one of the girls.  Positives:  Girls are really nice, from the hosts up front to our server.  There are TVs everywhere for the games, and every spot is a good spot for watching.  Food comes fast, and they are pretty good - wings, flatbreads, and garlic fries.  The have Smithwick's on tap!  Negatives:  Girls don't quite reach our expectations from physical-standpoint, and are not as social as Hooter's.  Food is only pretty good, not great.  They don't have Boddington's, or at least our server didn't know what it was so I assume they don't.  While we had light fare this evening, we did drink and it only came out to about $30 each including tips.  This indeed is couple notches above Hooter's, and to me a more enjoyable place to watch the games because of their much more diverse food and drink options.  If it wasn't so far from my house (and if it wasn't in the middle of the strip), I'd probably come here more often.  3.5 stars overall I think, but since I can't give that and I'm still on the fence about it, I'll bump it down.Table-for-1 Factor:  Large bar, but do you really want to sit here by yourself?
5	My brothers and cousins had heard about this place from a friend so we decided to give it a try. We came in on college football day. The atmosphere is friendly and energetic. Each tv had a different game on it and that's a huge plus. We all ordered various burgers and beer. The food was served hot and promptly. The staff was courteous and very inviting. The burgers were amazing. I really didn't think it would be that good but to my surprise they were cooked just right and had the perfect flavor. I'll definitely be coming here again in the future.
4	My boyfriend and I were looking for a place to get pub grub and watch a game. Great place!! The food was decent and the price couldn't have been better on the strip. Burger was only $11. Any other place in Vegas is like $16. We went there 3 times when we were there because it had great prices. The steak and cheese sub, burger, and quesedilla were awesome, buffalo dip not so much, I'm not the biggest fan of blue cheese and it was really watery. That's all!! Enjoy!
5	Love this place. ,would definitely recommend the Irish stew and Shepherds pie!!  Perfectly seasoned and the beef in the stew was very tender...our waitress was friendly and efficient. ...wish they would open up a restaurant in Houston!
1	This place had horrible service! The 3 of us sat down at the bar & did not even get  noticed. 15 minutes go by I finally had to ask the bartender for a menu because she was too busy flirting with the guys. I understand she needs to make her tips, but at least offer us a drink or even say hey guys I'll be with in just a moment is what a normal server should do. Needless to say we ended up leaving as we would of dry hive & starve of hunger sitting there. I ask to speak to the manager just to let him aware of the situation & his response was I can sit you back down now. We greatly appreciate the tilted kilt in our home town of Temecula!! Never again will I come to the one in Vegas that's for sure!!!
1	A friend from Seaside Highland Games recommended this place so had the check it.out. Hubby & I sat at the bar, the bartender & 2 other girls walked by us. No ine even acknowledged us. The bartender walked by us 3 times and she wasnt busy :(  So we went to O'Sheas and bartender Mike hooked us up
2	Eeeh, if I had to say one thing about this place it would simply be - meh.The drinks here are fine, though honestly this place is pretty much a simple and loud beer + pub grub tourist joint in Vegas.I didn't order any food but my friends who grabbed some grub weren't particularly fond of it (we ended up going to another bar and eating more food there).  The servers were cute and friendly though it was extremely busy that night and they weren't around very often to check up on our huge party.  This place has a pretty big bar area and also a large second floor to accommodate a large number of patrons.  The bathroom here was kind of cool though.  There's just too many place in Vegas to get drunk at.  Unless you happen to be in this particular area, I would say you're better of checking out the countless number of other bars and lounges at your disposal.
2	Great location.Food is great. Nice looking place with fair prices.I've read about the girls at this place on their website. Their website does not represent what you think you are getting.http://www.tiltedkilt.com/kilt-girl-calendar/featured-kilt-girl/I went in one evening last week and there were 2 guys serving at the bar. It didn't really bother me that 2 guys were working but the website leads you to believe you are getting a classy version of Hooters. I went in a second time for lunch and I found the girls were not very sociable. I find that most good places in Las Vegas will have a very friendly staff so I expected the same at the Tilted Kilt for having such a good quality establishment.This place has so much potential if they would hire a more outgoing staff that don't treat their customers like a number. The friendly nature of the staff will account for a large part of my tip and also factored in the score I gave this review.
5	We had dinner and drinks for the World Series and really enjoyed Twisted Kilt. A nice combo of food and drink choices. Everyone couldn't have been nicer. Our server, Casey, did a great job. Very friendly and attentive.
4	We went to have dinner here before going to the High Roller. I ordered the Irish beef stew which I really liked. It was flavorful and tender. The waitress did a good job being always attentive. My friends said their food were good. The music was loud although I prefer not being too loud but it's a pub after all. Overall, a nice experience for me.
4	I had a long tiring day and felt like going to a pub ... I had a late supper at the Tilted Kilt Pub and Eatery.There were lots of TVs (with sports) and the tunes were loud and good.I ordered a pound of wings with tilted sauce (medium) and a side of fries.  There were nine wings to the pound and they were good and big.Keri was my server and she took excellent care of me.I'd go back!
5	Located in the Linq on the Famous LAs Vegas Strip. Great food at great prices, an unreal happy hour, and scantly clad waitress (thats for those of you who don't care about Great food at great prices,and an unreal happy hour). This is a great place to stop in have a touch of the creature and take a break from shopping or walking the strip. Don't forget to join their email club for great offers! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	This is a nice place if you don't care about money. A miller lite was 8.00 and a shot was 9.00. Be ready to empty you wallet at this place. And the only restroom is upstairs!
3	On paper, happy hour sounds great. In reality, it sucked for us. Drinks were very pricey and the food was okay, even at 50% off. However our bartender was very rude and snarky. She had a rather bitchy attitude. Go to Brooklyn Bowl for better food and drink prices.
1	Been wanting to check this place out for awhile now since we didn't get to check the one out in San Diego and heard a lot of good things about it. The hostesses were kind of rude as we entered are you supposed to greet every guest upon arrival not the other way around? Anyways the waitress was more interested in tables of only guys to flirt with than myself and my boyfriend. Everything took forever to come out and the food was just mediocre better pubs out there!!. Hostess told me I couldn't get a game on and then I see it on the other side of the room so that ticked me off they just are too lazy to ask or do anything. Don't plan on coming back not worth it.
1	As a fellow industry bartender I'm familiar with the TAM laws in Nevada with that being said here I go.. I was there last night and was denied drinks they wouldn't tell me why, very rude about it. The girl I was with yes maybe had more drinks then she needed but she wanted water anyway, as for me and I buddy not even close, I just got off work had a few drinks at the bar there then came over to the kilt.. If the girls can't tell the difference between someone who is drunk and someone who is just having a good time they shouldn't be bartenders, I won't ever be back and if anyone ever asks where to go the Tilted Kilt will not come up. Sorry, I would have really enjoyed having a good time at the bar last night ..
2	Food was mediocre and service wasn't that great. I went there after a concert for happy hour and their prices were pretty good. I definitely would have been upset if I payed full price for the small portions. It's not difficult being a waitress, but the girl who served us seemed to not get it. Every table around us was waiting on something and trying to get her attention. She'd check on one table, leave then come back for another table, making her workload seem a lot more stressful than if she would have just checked on every table at the same time. I asked her for waters for both myself and my friend and she took my glass then came back and asked my friend if she needed some. Apparently she could only do one thing at a time. Was more annoying than fun. Go to Twin Peaks around the corner instead, hot staff, better food and better service.
5	LOVE this place.  The food and drinks are excellent and the waitresses are just so nice.
2	Good was meh- bland nachos & veggie burger.Try the Bloody Mary!! It was nice & spicy. Our server was ok, she took a while to get to us (the place was pretty slow) but she greeted us with a smile! I could see other customers being very frustrated with slow service.
5	grade A+ service by Blair and Caitlin enough said.Caitlin was very attentive and catered to my wants respectfully. Blair was very polite and ask if need any assistance .
3	Very clean from what I could she. Staff was very friendly and help for many tvs which was nice although boyfriend was disappointed no hockey on but he didn't ask to have a channel change. We both had the beef stew , my boyfriend loved it I thought it was ok a little too sweet and watery. I like a thinker gravy to my stew. So I wouldn't order it again. Had the garlic fries too but to greasy and half of then didn't have garlic.  I can say I enjoyed the place but I wouldn't go outta my way to eat there again.
4	The girls: 5 stars - me gustaThe food: 3 stars - very normalThe price: 3 stars -  I guess it's the vegas priceThe location: 4 stars - very cool new spot in vegasThe TVs: 5 stars - especially if you love sportsCome again? Probably not, there are way too many places to go and try in Vegas for me to go some place twice especially if the food wasn't good.
