5	This is what Italians do best....spaghetti and ice. So maybe I got the spaghetti right and we've taken the ice and Americanized it the only way we know best. That pretty much means a lot of sugar and ice cream! YUM! I'm so into it! So back in the day my favorite was the gelati. It's delicious custard ice cream with Italian ice in the middle and another layer of custard! I'm sure it's the most popular thing they sell. I've moved on the the Misto's, which is the custard and ice mixed together. I love shakes so this is perfect for me! They used to have peanut butter ice, which sounds disgusting but mixed with the chocolate custard it tasted like a Reese's Cup shake! Pure heaven! But as far as I know they don't carry it anymore so I go for the mint choco chip ice and choco custard for another heavenly mix! I'm so glad they have a place on the North Side, number one because it's close to work and I can get my fix anytime and number two it's open YEAR ROUND! Thank gawd! I get really bitter when the other "seasonal" ones close. Boo! The thing that works out in our favor is that the first day of Spring (their first official day of business) is free Italian ice! You better know that's on my calender. This girl doesn't miss any free food offers!
4	Delecious, Rita's italian ice is so good to mix with vodka!!! That was actually suggested to me by the owner.  He keeps his shop real clean and gives free sample of what ever you may like  I think that the owner took a risk openning up his place on this corner but I am glad he did.
5	One of the better Rita's if not the best I've been to.  Great selection of Flavors and open all year round!  Can't beat the Misto...best shake ever :)
4	Funny story: I fly east frequently, and it's all about filling my belly with the things I can't get here on the Left Coast. The people in my life aren't perfect, you know, they insist on living 3,000 miles away from the Golden State. Luckily, I love Rita so much, that when I fly out to see her I get to spend a little time with some actual people that love me as much as I love Rita's. It's all a pilgrimage, thinly veiled as a visit with friends and family, to go have some Rita's water ice. I love it all. Seasonal flavors, the mango, the custard. I just can't stop myself. A must-stop for any west coasters, as we just don't have anything like Rita's round these parts.
2	Get in.  Get out.  And enjoy your ice and custard.The wife and I stopped at this particular Rita's on the way home the other night.  Now, we love Rita's.  She always gets a wild black cherry gelati and I always try something different, this time I went with a favorite, mango.  So, why the 2 stars?This location was a disaster area.  Kids were running around, the workers (all teenagers with no supervision) were swearing at them to stop.  Local riff raff were sitting at all the little tables with no treats, just soaking in the air conditioning.  The particular lad that helped us was wearing only a dirty wife beater and seemed very, very annoyed that we dare order gelatis from this establishment.  When I ordered he actually rolled his eyes and made an annoyed sound.  Not a great way to start the interaction with a place you are giving your money to.  When an even younger worker came out of the back and the one helping us yelled at him to "get his @ss to work" I asked if the manager was around.  He looked at me and said "N*****a I am the manager."Had the wife not been pregnant and wanting her gelati I would have just left.  I still should have just left.Go to another Rita's and enjoy their delicious treats.
4	We were on vacation and we had had a big lunch,  so we wanted to have ice cream because we weren't that hungry. We asked the front desk person at the Sheraton what places he would recommend.  He highly recommended Ritas. So we decided to give it a try.    When we got there, we asked the girl who was behind the counter if the facility was peanut free, because my dining companion has a severe nut allergy.   The girl was super friendly and energetic. She was very helpful with the peanut allergy, and would get whatever we needed from the back.  The ice cream was pretty good!  We would go back there if we go to Pittsburgh again!
