5	Just noticed another new place on Bread Street aptly named FYUL(Food You Utterly Love). But don't tell everyone you know that it's really quiet compared to the east end of the city so not too busy.  Is spacious and cool, has tons of antique focal points such as upholstered seats made from recycled tweed jackets others with green leather, the choice of tables - resemble the kind your great gran might have owned.At two weeks old FYUL has a constant flow of people dropping in on their way to festival shows, so it seems to be doing fine. With plenty of room to swing ten cats there are no shortage of seats to accommodate large groups as well as intimate chat.The staff are very attentive, striving to ring true their passionate message of being the best cafe in town. However with some competition, they have their work cut out; so with great responsibility comes even greater power.Coconut Tea and Lemon Drizzle Cake, were popular today as were salads with locally sourced breads. None of which I had this time but hey there is the challenge, maybe not tomorrow but sometime soon. Finishing touches to the place include, large bar area, Singer sewing machines, Remington typewriters, suitcases and tv/stereo box combos all from a bygone era culminate to stylise the cafe. One thing that did make me wonder, what's beyond the door positioned at strange angles on the wall, and what school gym now has no floor?Anyhoo the service was top-notch, scones not stogie and came with fresh cream, fine coffee(V60's) all made this a truly  fantastic experience during a shopping trip well earned and such a surprise to stumble upon FYUL in this great city; go on treat yourself you deserve it?!So appealing enough to walk past, turn around, and venture in, maybe you will really like it or not? But if you are young enough to remember the 50's or not then it will appeal. If not then just pretend you've gone through a time portal, and came out the other side 65 years ago!In all a hip place, with enough power that made me want to stay longer than the half hour I did.
4	I've popped in to FYUL quite a few times, since it opened, sampling breakfast, lunch and mid-morning snackage.Service is super-friendly, the place is beautifully decked out, with lots of quirkily appealing details, and the food is damn tasty, too. Well worth a visit, I'd say.Overall, after our first breakfast visit, we said: "I thought FYUL was a really smart new place. As things develop, I think they might need to broaden out their menu, but where they're starting from makes a lot of immediate sense. The folks running it are full of enthusiasm and offered wonderfully friendly service, throughout. I'll be back for a lunchtime visit, soon."
4	This is a hidden gem... My favourite thing about the place is the atmosphere - it's the type of place you could sit for hours and read. The decor is quaint and a little quirky, which I like and the staff were super friendly. There were at least 4-5 people working away on their computers while I was there, so if you're looking for a place to spend quality time with your laptop this might be it. The coffee was ok (I'm a bit of a coffee snob and while I'd happily drink theirs it's not my favourite). My only issue was the food - it was a little bland and disappointing. I do plan to go back to see what else they have as I might have just ordered a dud.
5	FYUL is, first and foremost, a pretty risky name. Standing for Food You Utterly Love, it's a challenge, hurling down the gauntlet with a wink. Go on, it says. Try us.No, seriously, do try them. Step inside and enjoy the kooky decoration - there's a wall made of chopped-up doors, chairs upholstered with old tweed jackets and trousers (still bearing pockets in some cases), and the toilet door appears to have been carried straight from an old Biology classroom; it still says, appropriately, Biology. There's a long wooden table with heavy wrought-iron stools for those who favour practicality over comfort, and some squidgy armchairs in the window around low tables for those who favour the reverse. Food isn't served on plates, but on slabs of slate (not the soup, though; that would be mental). There's free Wifi (WIN) and the password is written out on battered luggage tags.So far, so creative. But what about this F? Will Y U L it? The little promise keeps winking at you from the menu - every F, Y, U and L in the text is highlighted red. Way to build the expectation, guys!Well. Well now. I have eaten here twice and both times, I did U L the F. On my first visit, I rather hazily ordered a breakfast panini and found when it arrived, to my utter delight, that it had been served with a big ol' wedge of my most favouritest fruit in the whole worldington, watermelon! I tell you, that woke me right up. I was a happy little bean right from the off, and when I snaffled down that panini it only escalated. On my second eating occasion here, I opted for the bacon, cheese and pesto panini, while my friend had butternet squash and sweet potato soup. Again, my panini arrived with unexpected fruity fun, in the form of a little dish of grapes and melon balls. The panini, too, was great, with lots of cheese and good pesto flavour, and my friend was very happy with her soup, too.I just need to come back and try some of that big range of cakes they've got, now. All in the name of research, you understand. Because so far, for sure, it is F I U L.
4	I had some time to kill recently and was looking for a good place where I could set up office to do a bit of work on wifi and have a pot of tea, which is exactly what I did. Actually, I had more than one pot. Anyway, my tea was great... I'm a bit of a tea snob (I would use the more positive word of 'connoisseur', but I don't really feel qualified). I feel like it's hardly worth getting tea when it's tea bags, which is one of the reasons I came here. With that in mind, a friend joined me later and order tea for the two of us and it was a tea bag, which was ok, but I wouldn't recommend it when they have much better choices. The decor in the place is great without being untastefully too cool. The staff were really friendly. I was there about 90 minutes or so before the lunchtime rush, so it was actually pretty quiet in the place (minus the 1990s dance music playing in the background when I first got there , which didn't quite create an ambience). Considering there were very few people there when I arrived, I was able to get a comfy seat and table right by the door, which helped provide some interesting people watching that made for some fun distractions from my work. I'm looking forward to trying some of the food when I get a chance. The cakes look incredible and the other lunch options were definitely appealing. Can't wait to come back (and will update my review once I've tried the food).
5	Being an active avoider of the West Port area, I had no idea that there was so much more to the area than "those clubs" *shiver*..Thanks to Cressi F. and her spectacular Yelpyness I found out about FYUL and man am I glad that she suggested meeting here for a coffee. This has to be one of the coolest looking little cafe's that borders on "hipster" but keep that tiny distance just to ensure people like me, who enjoy real coffee and kooky looking shops but weren't born elegant enough to fall in to the hipster category, can still enter without feeling like an outsider.A portion of the wall is made up of hacked up doors that are fitted jigsaw-like on to the wall. If that isn't enough "kooky" for you then the door that leads to the bathrooms is in my opinion a genuine classroom door that says "Biology" and some of the chairs are upholstered with tweed jackets, some with the sleeves still attached.Steel stools and high tables for those coming to work and chairs you can flump on if your here with friends to relax, excellent coffee menu, free wifi and a food menu that puts a crack in the  ubiquitous "scone and brownie" menu that is usually encountered is the reason why this is the place to come for an hour or two.
