4	This restaurant recently changed its name from Mesquite's to Le Ambre. I've only been there for breakfast, and the menu seems to not have changed for breakfast. I have to say the food here is really great, it has great regular breakfast fair with a southern BBQ flavor. The chipotle Hollandaise sauce is unbelievable.It's usually full by noon, so make sure that you are there before!
1	Not sure what's going on with this restaurant. Had dinner there tonight and the place was practically deserted. They didn't have the wine we wanted and several items from the printed menu were not available. I had the ribs. They smelled great, but that's where it ended. The meat was dry and although the menu stated the dish came with sweet potato fries, guess what, they came with regular fries.The bread pudding was good, though, and the waitress was very friendly, apologizing for every disappointment we faced.But I would take a pass on this place, at least until they get their act together.Back to my first comment about the dinning room being empty: perhaps others have had similar experiences... Hope things improve in the future.
1	This was an awful experience start to finish. We entered and noticed right away that the place looked rundown - cheap art, bad carpentry, and water damage to the drop ceiling with missing tiles.  We were told to sit anywhere and after a long wait (20+) our waitress stopped to take our order. Requested a beer - the tap was not working which in hindsight was probably a blessing as the best part of the entire meal was the bottle of Carlsberg. We ordered  guacamole - and were told they were out of it. After changing our choices, the waitress returned to tell us they are out of the sauce for the spicy shrimp? Not a great start but it gets worse. The apps come out and were ok. We then waited over an hour for the entrees while watching surrounding tables be seated AND get their food.  My companion had ordered the mushrooms which came out and were so salty as to be inedible. We told the waitress who merely gave a perfunctory "sorry" and removed the plate. After another 15 minute wait, the remainder of the meal arrived. The lamb was of course well overcooked and the shrimp dish again overly salted. The waitress was apologetic and blamed the kitchen. The wait was horrible, the ambiance nonexistant, the prices too high and the quality of the food about what you could expect from your local 7-11. All in all one of the worst dining experiences in Montreal.
2	Mesquite changed to Le Ambre now it's called Grubz and it's a total disaster. Was such good bet for yummy brunch, but they have spent so much time changing the name, it seems they lost focus on the actual experience: food, customer service and ambiance.Last time we went, the food was still alright, but definitely had suffered a set back. When we walked in a waiter was on the couch watching the TV over the bar. (I don't think it's really that professional, but hey, at first I just told myself I was being a jerk, but once we had eaten paid and were leaving, he was STILL there! We were there for over an hour!) It just seemed strange.
