4	I don't know how I ended up eating here because I don't like eating Italian on vacation, but somehow my fellow travelers tricked me into it.I was pleasantly surprised with the food here. The pasta was really good and cooked al dente. The appetizers were also excellent. They have several different types of mozzarella cheese (we did the burrata paired with an arugula salad) and the calamari was delicious and came with a spicy arrabiata sauce. And quality olive oil for dipping the bread earns points in my book!The only thing that was a little off was the pizza. We got a margherita, but the crust was too thin and cracker-like, the mozzarella was not fresh, and there was oregano on it which is not typical of margherita pizza (and personally, I hate oregano in general). I actually think the pizza would be pretty good if you did one of the non-traditional options (there were pizzas with brie, bleu cheese, etc), but since everything else at the restaurant was fairly authentic, I guess I was just taken off guard by the style of the pizza here. Think more Californian than Italian.Making up for the so-so pizza was the amazing service we received here. We were the only table in here because it was late, and the manager came over to talk to us through the whole meal. He and our waitress really made us feel welcome, and they were really hilarious too. I felt like they were dining with us because they were so ridiculously friendly. So overall we loved our experience here...super fun, great food, what more could you ask for?
1	I ordered from this place on Valentines day, since it's not too far from my house. I wanted to have a romantic night in, and order from a place that served great food. They don't offer delivery, but I came across their listing on a la carte express. So I placed the order on the alce website. I spent over $140 on a dinner for two, and it was the worst mistake of life. For starters, they forgot to pack one of my salads that I paid for. The salad was $9.I also believe that the food was out for delivery for a very long time. It was supposed to arrive at 7, and came at 7:20. I would estimate the food had been packaged sitting in a car for over an hour. Also the delivery man was a complete jerk...but they can't necessarily be blamed for that.They have a t-bone steak that is almost $40. I ordered it, because I saw a picture on their website of a steak that looked delicious, served with a mushroom sauce and plentiful side dishes - hoping that would be the steak that came. Either way, how can a steak be bad? What came was a large, tough, room temperate steak, covered in montreal steak spice. This was in fact the worst steak I have ever eaten. They also didn't even bother to package it properly. It arrived in a pizza box! No wonder it was room temperature. It was a large t-bone steak, but probably the cheapest one they could find.I ordered 2 of their homemade pasta dishes (tagliatelli and linguini), and they must have sat in the plastic container for over 50 minutes. When the pasta arrived, I dumped it into the plate and it still retained the shape of the box. The moisture combined with the length of time it was in the container fused all of the strands of pasta into a solid glutinus lump.I ordered 2 dishes from their mozarella bar. These luckily, are supposed to be served at that temperature. However I'm not sure what the delivery man was doing with the parcel, but it looked as though someone filled a tuperware with mozarina di bufala and shook it vigerously for 5 minutes. The mozarina released all it's its juices in the container, it was smashed, and was almost like a soup.Finally the tiramisu. This tiramisu is made with very little mascarpone, and very little if any custard. It's essentially lady fingers, whip cream, and cocoa powder. It had no flavour, and it was actually frozen when it arrived. They may have thought it would have defrosted on the way, but no. I find it despicable for an italian restaurant to make their tiramisu so far in advance they have to freeze it and slice it. Tiramisu should be made early in the morning, or the night before, and chilled in the refrigerator. NOT put in the freezer. It was like eating ice cream with bread in it. Only ice cream would have had a better flavour.I ordered grilled octopus, the flavour was good, but they overdid it with the olive oil. It must have had at least 2 tablespoons of olive oil.In the end the meal was room temperature and frozen, and not satisfying. I won't be spending my money here again. I definitely will not bother going into the restaurant either. Not sure if the problem was with alce, or the restaurant themselves, but the meal was not worth the price. Especially their $40 steak covered in montreal steak spice.
1	45 minutes for undercooked macaroni (so called tiger shrimp pasta) cheese platter came with plastic wrap around pieces of cheese my favorite drink had literally 10% of liquor and the rest was ice  ...wanted to impress my boyfriend with some classy Italian food, so I did!
4	pleasant service; a waitress that blushed when she made a mistake about the wine (that was charming.) The ambience was uncluttered; staff was even (not over or underdoing it). Only good things to say about the food. Fettucine with tiger shrimp - ample portion, homemade pasta, perfectly cooked; calamari was superb (also very ample portion.) They had our favorite wine.Focaccia with olive oil and balsamico can get you addicted.
5	We ate at here this evening and it was excellent. The owner, Paul, was very gracious and a wonderful host who continuously interacted with the patrons and had a special meal cooked for my wife. She ordered a vegetable plate off the menu and it was excellent. The veggie pizza I had was absolutely delicious. The staff could not have been more friendly and attentive. They were working very hard. Our server was Mike and he did a wonderful job. He was extremely professional and a pleasure to talk with. Our experience at Luca e Franco was fabulous. This was our first night in Montreal and it was a great way to begin our four days of holiday in the city and a memorable evening.
2	Veal pasta kept sticking to roof of my mouth & hard to chew. Catered to larger group near us, we asked for check multiple times and they were kind but we didn't receive it for at least 10 mins after.  Seem gracious but lack in the attentive dept.
