3	Have been living here for about a month now.  Management is top notch, Rebecca and Keri (sp?) are super responsive and very friendly. Maintenance is pretty quick to respond. The apartments are well laid out and reasonably priced. My 3 star rating is more for the fact that the walls are VERY thin. I live on the top floor and still hear my neighbor below me CONSTANTLY and I can hear almost everything from the apartment next to me. My neighbor below is an exception, she's just loud and inconsiderate of other people.  Also, I would suggest not living next to the pool, it gets quite loud there as well. All around its a nice property, just be sure to lock your vehicle and take anything valuable out of it.
5	I may never leave! 3 pools, grills and outdoor kitchens, pet friendly, and staff is amazing! I've lived all over vegas and henderson and move every year because so many communities don't maintain their property, have rude staff, or inconsiderate neighbors. There's kids for my son to play with and have made lifelong friends here! It's a great value for the size and finishes in the units and the amenities are great- I use the pool daily and the grills at least a few times a week. We even had our sons birthday party here and our friends couldn't believe what we were paying. I 110% recommend living here!
2	Picerne no longer owns the is property. N.A.L.S is the company running it.  Its been over a month and I have to say the staff has had a turn around the old staff was so much friendlier and accommodating.  Each time I have gone up front I get the feeling they cant be bothered. The mail room has been a complete mess since they took over.The grounds arent clean.  It feels like its going to crap. I hope not because we like living here. Hopefully this is a bump in the road and it will change. Im just not impressed. Its disappointing.
3	not very satisfied with their customer service. It's a nice place but that front office staff could be better.. I had kasandra help me move in but now that she's gone, no one else has been very helpful. it is not what I expected but hopefully they can get it together soon..
1	I have lived here for about a year now. The management sucks and the people in the leasing office clearly have no idea what they are doing. The employees are rude and disrespectful to the tenants and they try to find ways to screw you out of more money. I have been working on moving out, and they are trying to charge me an extra 2 weeks of rent after I will be gone. They will screw you over, DO NOT MOVE IN HERE!
4	great place so far, been here for a couple of months haven't had any problems they also are under new management.
1	Came in to take a tour of the property today. Was not greeted nor asked if i needed any assistance by one of three associates at the property. Unbelievable, the property looked amazing. If this is what they call customer service maybe the residents or future tenants should go to Colonial Grand and take a look at their property.
