1	I purchased a phone here 2 years ago and did not agree to go under a new contract in any way shape or form.  Now TMobile "loyalty department" is telling me that I signed a new contract.The funny part is, they do not have a copy of the contract.  They are just saying that since some sales representative at this location put a "memo" in my account, that is legally binding.  They cannot provide me with a copy of any contract at all, but somehow feel they are allowed to hold me to it.  They are telling me that I was given a copy and I should have kept it since they do not.This does not make any sense at all."If you do not have a contract there showing that I signed and agreed to it, how can you hold me to it?""I understand, I'm on your side, that's why I just want to let you know we will just keep your lines open for the length of the contract to save you from paying a cancellation fee.""I never signed a contract.  Show me where I signed a contract.""I can't do that, you should have kept the contract.""So you expect your customers to keep copies of contracts you want to legally hold them to?"Do not go to TMobile, they are the worst.  I did not used to feel this way, but after having a 30 minute conversation with them about this I have changed my mind.  I was not cancelling my entire service with them even, just 2 of my 4 phone lines.  This would only have saved me about $10 per month.  TMobile chose to harrass me and make up a contract that I never signed in order to keep me from saving this meager amount of money.  They do not seem to care that in doing this they lost a lifelong customer, in order to hopefully choke an extra $60 out of me over the course of the next 6 months that they claim I am under contract for.Stay away!
5	Stopped by on a whim to see what the deal was with paying ETF's from VZW.  Staff was very helpful and explained the process clearly.  I was very impressed and ended up switching to Tmob.  The people at this store (I worked with Axel) are very customer service oriented, and did an excellent job of follow up in the following days to make sure the transition of all 4 of my lines went smooth.
1	I have been standing here waiting to pay my bill for 30 minutes.  Slow staff, they haven't even acknowledged me yet.  I'm still just standing here.
