2	This place makes Sbarro look gourmet.The big up is that the place is clean and attractive enough and the service was polite. But the pizza (we got 2 cheese slices and a medium drink) was lackluster. The crust was a little thick and flavorless and the sauce was a bit on the sweet side and lacked depth. Usually "by the slice" places will heat your slice in the oven before presenting it, but we were given two congealed slices right from under the heat lamp.It was under $7, so for the price, if you're drunk, this gets the job done.  But, if you're looking to actually enjoy a slice of pizza, I'd go elsewhere.(This review is specifically for the Pizzeria and not the Ristorante, as I've never eaten there and haven't tried anything other than their pizza by the slice.)
3	My husband and I decided to eat here after seeing a movie at the Galaxy theater next door. We were starved and Vino's  Pizzeria presented itself as a cheap and easy option for fast food.  Upon inspection,  the place looked quiet and clean.  Since we were virtually the only customers,  we were helped immediately. I ordered a slice of cheese pizza, $1.99, and my husband got a pepperoni pizza slice combo for $4.50. Lunch for under $8? I'm not complaining.  The counter attendant was polite and reheated both of our slices in the oven. My cheese pizza looked and tasted like it had been sitting out for a while. It was just a standard slice pizza,  nothing special.  My husband lucked out- his slice was fresh and super cheesy.What I liked about the pizzeria was that it was quiet and more importantly, cheap! I'll be back if I'm ever in the casino and need a quickie meal.
3	My Ex Chris decided to take me out on a last minute date night for the hell of it and we were hungry. We decided to stop here and eat as it was right next to the Galaxy Theater where we went to see Xmen! We looked at the options and decided to just order a whole pizza rather than order a few slices which would have cost the same. Two drinks and a whole large pizza $14 bucks can't beat that for a tasty and filling dinner!The pepperoni pizza was very good. I love that they are generous with the cheese and toppings. That is one thing I dislike is when a place is stingy with the cheese, well not here!I think this could become a regular spot for the spontaneous dinner and a movie night!They have a lot of Italian style options available and you can order pizza by the slice.I am a Fan :)
