2	The world may never know why Van Buren is such a ghetto paradise, but you can rest assured that you are right in the thick of it at the Days inn!  Nice pool, and the palm trees are a plus.  Just roll with it.  It will all be over before you know it.
2	Stay away from this place unless you are OK with a 1 - 2 star establishment. The rooms are musty. The air conditioners are below par for Phoenix and you will feel like it's too hot, even with the AC on full. Breakfast is lousy. I also had a hard time with their no pet policy. I did not realize that pets were not allowed. I was changed $100 dollars for a pet, but was not advised that I would be charged, so imagine my surprise a month later when I see an extra $100 charge on my credit card. Days Inn Inc. and their Sunburst rating system exaggerate the hotel's quality giving them four out of five Sunbursts. That's like four out of five stars. Orbitz, Yahoo and Trip Adviser average between 2 - 2.5 stars. There are better places to stay near the Airport.
3	It was clean but that's the ONLY good thing about it.NOT cheap enough considering how old and basic the rooms were, and honestly the guy getting pulled over and arrested in the parking lot didn't help either.No local restaurants around don't help at all either.Well, it was decent, and the shower KIND OF worked..... step your game up. Days inn cheapo or not THIS days inn is pretty far behind the curve.
3	OK, this update is a year late, but I have to be fair. I am giving another star for the following reason. The motel compromised and only charged me $50 dollars on my card (although I did have to complain to the credit card company). Also, the folks there are nice people. The soda machine is cheap. I still did not like the A/C or the musty rooms, but hey, the price is cheap and so is the soda.
1	This place is bad. BAD!I went for a cheaper hotel in Phoenix, since it was going to be a quick trip. But $65/night in Phoenix should have gone further. I also am a Wyndham Rewards member, and wanted to rack up loyalty points... I don't know if I will ever bother staying at a Days Inn ever again.1) Welcome to the ghetto. It is seriously surrounded by project-style tenements. Blue Moon Nude dancers, a window-less brick building is across the street. I am pretty sure someone rented a room here on an hourly rate, as I was awoken to LOUD sex from 5-6 AM coming from the room next door, who checked in at 4:45 and checked out at 6:05. Wham bam thank you madam...2) The airport shuttle is slow.3) The continental breakfast is a joke.4) The staff is not friendly.5) The room stank of cigarette smoke - it was suppose to be non-smoking. The bathrooms were nasty. And there was a wet spot on the carpet. I also found a ridiculous love letter someone had left behind... And while that was incredibly amusing, the fact that the cleaning staff had missed it spoke volumes about their attention to detail.Don't do it, unless you are DESPERATE!
1	This one gets zero stars. I may be off but 24 hour shuttle usually means you have a shuttle that goes back and forth from the airport throughout the day.  No such shuttle appeared.  Ended up cabbing it (that's another story - look for Mayflower Cab in Phoenix) an having to make an appointment for the shuttle in the morning. Upon arrival, the worker at the desk was chatting it up with some person who looked like he had nothing better to do at 11:20 pm but hang out at this ghetto ass hotel. When we interrupted their conversation, we weren't greeted, no smile, nothing. Finally get checked in and make our way up to the room. Absolute bare bones, which we paid for. At least the place seemed clean to the naked eye. Who knows what a black light would have revealed.Upon check out, Mr. Hospitality was still working the front desk.  We were walking in just as he was walking out with the coffee thermos. He could have taken care of us first then the coffee later. Nope. Coffee more important. He comes back carrying two pitchers of juice and a tray of pastries (both hands full). He bangs the tray into the window and sneers at us as if to say, "Open the door for me."  We checked out quickly and were happy to get out of there. Thankfully the shuttle was there already. (Run by a third party)Recommendation: never stay here. Ever. For any reason. Sleep in your car. Days Inn should take away their license to use the company name. I've stayed at a lot of hotels and a wide array of them. This is by far the worst hotel experience I've ever had. They only get one star because yelp requires it.
1	Needed a cheap hotel after our flights got cancelled due to bad weather. We were laying on the bed with clothes on (luckily!) for ~2 hrs when some kind of beetle ran across the sheets. Went to the front desk and the man there didn't seem surprised, just gave us another key card for a different room.... we checked that out, and while it didn't have a bullet hole in the bathroom window like our previous room, we still asked for a refund.The "24-hour shuttle" that picked us up was someone's personal van that they used to drive travelers to the airport.... or drop off prostitutes as the driver was doing when we walked outside. to put our luggage in the van.The strip club across the street is pretty dismal looking, too.
1	Absolutely do not stay here! This hotel has bed bugs! I came home with over 30 bites all over. The front desk did not seemed surprised at all when we asked about the bed bugs. We have yet to receive a refund even after contacting corporate customer service. The hotel is dirty, the staff is not too friendly and the hotel is across the street from a strip club.I would give this place zero stars!
1	The worst. I drove by and didn't even stop. Hookers on the corner. Drug deals going down in the street, strip club across the street next to the burned out building....dont waist your time. Then Days Inn would even refund my money for two rooms. DAYS INN is the worse....
1	This picture of this hotel doesnt exist...liars. The worst. I drove by and didn't even stop. Hookers on the corner. Drug deals going down in the street, strip club across the street next to the burned out building....dont waist your time. Then Days Inn would even refund my money for two rooms. DAYS INN is the worse....
1	This place is disgusting. My husband and I were in town for a couple days to go to a few spring training games. We thought staying at a Days Inn would be a cheaper but still comfortable stay. Wow were we wrong.  If the strip club across the street, the homeless out front and the run down exterior were the only things wrong, we could probably still make it work. But when we got into the room, it tipped the scale. The room is outdated, but whatever. It was the comforter with the giant blood stain on one side and a huge hole cut into the other side that really freaked me out. The bathroom was gross with rust stains throughout the shower. The towels and washcloths were gray and stained. The sheets, when I got the courage to pull back the comforter, were stained and gray as well. No way was I ever putting my head near them. The mini fridge was covered with tape adhesive from the duct tape used to transport it. And the walls were splattered with some substance and had marks and chunks of drywall missing. Just dirty!!!We were in the room only long enough to call other hotels to make arrangements. I couldn't even sit down in this room. Then the whole ordeal with the motel Manager and Priceline...I won't go into it too much but they told us we would only get one night refunded because we didn't like the fact that it was a smoking room. My husband smokes, so I have no idea what the heck kinda of story they made up. Whatever.Please do yourself a favor and don't stay here. Not only do they misrepresent the Days Inn brand, it's probably a health hazard - you'll need a tetanus shot which is a whole lot more planning than this crappy motel deserves.
1	This place had bed bugs crawling all over the bugs in the sink and immediately got a refund and ran out of their itching for the rest the day
1	the worst hotel ever!!!! warning do not stay here!!!!! moldy sheets , stained sheets, tub felt like water under the plaster! carpet is sickning sheets had hair all over it....crumbs and rubbish pushed on the side of the night stand...we made them change our sheets at 11 o'clock at night and they were all huffy.just filthy......department of health needs to go in their!!!!! if u want to see pictures email me at cnjvape@gmail.com and on the subject line put days inn pictures. i be more than happy to send u photos...its not worth saving money on your trip i am dead serious. i regret stay ing their just to save money , now i have some insect bite on my wrist that is swollen and red....warning!!!!!! if u do belive me i will email u the pictures......
1	I thought this hotel was horribly over priced. The locations bad,  they said they renovated the ruins, but there nothing new or impressive about them. Overall I think I would have had a better stay staying at a motel6. The sheets smelled slightly so I slept on top of them. The shower didn't drain, so I felt dirty afterwards. They had very limited cable. The tv was fuzzy. You could hear all the traffic that pulled in our drive down the street. There was no wifi. Over all. I think this was I've of the wheat hotel stays I have had in a very very long time.
1	This place is TERRIBLE! I missed my flight so I had to spend one night at the Phoenix Sky Harbor, and found this place online claimed the price to be $42 per night but once I got there they marked up the price to $57. The room I got, AC was not working, some lights were broke, human hair found in bed, wifi is super slow, and the most terrible thing is BED BUGS! The only thing I'd say is good is their shuttle driver, he is really nice and friendly.
