1	This place is terrible. There is a reason that the tans are $5.Their equipment is old (like from the 90s) and a little sketchy. The person at the front doesn't calibrate properly for your skin, so be sure you know your limits and start slow (don't go with their recommendations)!. My skin has never been the same. I went and spent 12 minutes in a booth, and I left burnt. My skin felt wierd and hot and papery for days, and I think I got cancer of the soul. I never got tan. Just for reference, I tan very easily in the real sun and rarely burn. In fact, I'm tan right now. I usually get my tan on outside, but I had guests and couldn't be nude per usual in my yard, so I went here to get even before a big event. Do not do that, ever, at any tanning place. I've even seen sitcoms about the disastrous consequences of such folly. But I digress.This place is skanky and their equipment sucks. Do not go here. Eventually it will go out of business and Darwin will be proved right once again.
4	I have gone here a few times and its not luxurious, but its totally cool for the price.  I don't want to pay $20 for a 12 minute tanning session and I don't want to sign up for anm auto debit membership. So to walk in somewhere with no strings attached, pay $5 and walk out with great color-that's great for me :)
5	Under new management.  New beds, new paint, etc... great place to go to get a great tan.  This is the home of the $4.00 tan.  They have a range of beds and also provide many other options.  Definitely an Improvement.Also new name.  Let's Tan is the new name.
4	I really like this tanning place! Home of the 4 dollar tan! They are really nice and it is decently priced! Check them out!
5	Family owned and operated is what I prefer! I came in about a year ago, due to a friend Ranting & Raving to me about all the things Let's Tan has to offer. I drove 30 Mins and couldn't agree more with my friend they are a SMALL location with BIG things to offer! They are great with cold water to offer before or after your tan. They are known for "Home of the $4.00 Tan!" Lay down, stand up, spray on, or hydrate, they offer it all. Thanks to my friend I am a fan forever! I only drive 30 Mins to go to Lets Tan, because they are worth it! NO SIGN UP FEES! NO MAINTENANCE FEES! NO MEMBERSHIP FEES!
5	I absolutely love this tanning salon, they are so friendly and the beds are great. They also have all of my favorite tanning lotions and they are never out of stock. I live in Boulder City now and it is inconvenient to drive in to tan, but I'll do it just to get a good tan from Let's Tan!
5	This place helps to prevent skin cancer by offering a great spray-on tan! Luv, luv, luv this option:) Being fair skinned I thought I was doomed to looking pale all year long but thanks to the owner herself, Sherry, who gives total personalized attention and does a great job every time with the spray-on tan, I get to be a bronzed goddess through-out the summer ;)  Family owned and operated & they are so friendly & nice; a rare find in the city. A Small location with a Big heart! They are great with free bottled cold water to offer before or after your tan. They are known for "Home of the $4.00 Tan!" Lay down, stand up, spray on, or hydrate, they offer it all. NO SIGN UP FEES! NO MAINTENANCE FEES! NO MEMBERSHIP FEES! Definitely a jewel in this desert :)
