4	I love shoes!  I work for shoes! So when I found this shop in Planet Hollywood shopping mall........I was like LET ME IN! (It was closed!) So I returned the next day and found a lot of cute sandals and for good prices! I got some cute bronze gladiator sandles for summer. Love them! I was sooooooo happy!  A good shoe shop is hard to find. The service was really good and the lady who works there was super cool and not pushy. I'll order from their website for sure!
5	This is another one of those must stop by places whenever I go to Vegas.  At first glance it may appear as though the store appeals to the younger crowd but once you get inside the store, you realize they  appeal to everyone.  The service is great and not pushy at all.  I love the fact that when I bring shoes home from this place, I always get raves from others about it!
1	January 2012 I bought a pair of shoes and same day I within 15 minutes I went to return it and ONLY THEN I was told this was a final sale. This was a paid of shoes that was uncomfortable and something I would not be able to wear. I told the salesman there was no way I could wear it and if I knew that it was a final sale I would have been careful before I paid.I left the shoe in the store and walked out and he said he did not care, customer service really...
5	I had been lusting over a particular pair of shoes for months and finally decided it was time to splurge and get them. I originally went to another store that I knew carried the shoes, but left when I could not get any service from the employees...Carlos was the employee that helped me at David Z NYC. I wasn't sure what size I needed, Carlos got out three different shoes for me to try on, including the store sample. Once I figured out which size fit best, Carlos rang me up and what do you know, the shoes were on sale! I think I have a new favorite shoe store!!
1	Shoes are overpriced, even for the strip.  The workers were helpful, but I took an issue with the Fat manager in the store. He was very unwelcoming and rude. I don't know if he was having a bad day or not, but it's no excuse and now I'll never go back
1	if you are interested in working at the las vegas location of david z please read this first so you know what you are getting involved in! this company is the cause of over a year's worth of pain and suffering due to the stress of working for the store manager avi sardas who has some serious anger issues! he has a past 7 year history of mistreating employees, talking down to them, talking about them to others behind their backs and firing people who have done nothing wrong except get upset when he is being emotionally abusive!he talks down to every one who works there, including the shift managers who work under him and everyone is disgusted with him. he is an obviously miserable person and comes into work each day with anger and distress about home or some minor issue at work that in turn brings down the morale of the employees having to start their shift for commission. he has called his employees "faggots" and "bitches"  and "dumb" to the managers, making them uncomfortable because they have to work with and get along with the employees. this guy avi yells at and belittles his employees in front of customers and have even complained about other customers with customers who were there in line. i was fired in front of customers because he felt like i wasn't aggressive enough going after these female customers after they had already told me they wanted to look for a minute. he walked in the store and immediatley charged at me,  in earshot of the customers and began yelling at me and talking to me like i was slow and said "how many times do i have to tell you...." when i tried to walk away to cool off he shouted at me from across the store and we began to have a heated arguement while my 3 female customers stood there with their mouths open in shock. instead of taking me to the back if he needed to speak to me when i was not in the wrong to begin with, he embarressed me in front of the customers he was trying to get buy something to begin with. during that arguement he had me clock out and leave and i was officially fired a week later, (which i've never been fired in my life). i know people will think because i was fired that i'm bitter but i'm not....i actually already had my own company while trying to work there and stack extra cash and now i am able to focus on that full time...so leaving that company has been a blessing. i wrote this for the customers who don't know and are interested in supporting this crudley run store so that they can understand the integrity of place they are spending their money at and for the people interested in working there thinking it is a respectful place. avi sardas has a very damaging attitude that will eventually be the demise of the las vegas company if he is left in charge for much longer. i have worked many places but never seen soooo many people quit after almost punching his lights out first with the way he talks to them. i was a good employee and though not perfect i went out of my way to show loyalty to the company and many times sacrificed my feelings as well as scheduling inconveniences with my child just to appease them. i kept track of my sales and had made them a staggering $152k but was still constantly threatened to lose my job if my sales were down on a slow day, which caused me extra stress because i have a family at home, like all of the employees have. if you decide to work there, don't expect to be there long because avi sardas will find a way to drive you to your breaking point before you even get your foot in the door. i feel sorry for the owner, who seems like a nice guy because i can tell he has no idea that his business in las vegas is being shitted on by a supposed "friend". who knows what lies avi is telling him about each person he fires or drives to quit but if the owner is smart he will start paying attention to the signs of destruction. after all, the manager of 6-7 years left because of the same abuse not long after me and he had given many years of trying to make it work and dedication himself. if david z las vegas is going to make it in the future they are going to have to do their own share of internal "firing".
1	The shoes we bought broke within minutes of wearing.  We tried to return them the same day and were told the manager would come and discuss the issue with us in about an hour.  After two and a half hours of waiting the manager called the attendant and said we were not to get an exchange or refund under any terms because the shoes were worn too much.  Despite returning within hours and not even having walked to dinner in them, the shoes lacked durability and the store refused to even meet us half way.
