3	I like to come here for little odds and ends and I'll find  the occasional gem like my $10 candelabra that I absolutely love. I have to agree that it's probably not the best Ross location. Things are usually strewn about though the employees are generally friendly. This place could use a bit of organizing to make it better!
3	For Ross stores, this one is not the best, last time I was in it smelled like ammonia so strong I felt a headache coming on.  I did find some cute dresses though :)
3	This Ross is very clean and organized I have noticed the story has been totally flipped everything is not in its original spot it's been totally laid out different in the store which is a lot more organized better security better help and a lot more quicker dressing rooms a lot more organize back there and very more cleaner then the other stores, of course the store is right next-door to target Michael's, So which makes it a lot more busier of the store then the other ones I've been in down the street, The shoes are a lot more organized lots of artwork and crafty stuff in store. So that being I will be back to check on maybe some better keels later on in a couple weeks it's not too far so I will pop in periodically.
3	We stopped in here today just to check it out. We usually like Ross and go there fairly often when my wife is shopping for clothes. This location was pretty standard as far as Ross's go. The store was pretty clean, there were a lot of staff working, and the checkout line moved relatively quickly even though long. We went to this particular Ross because we were over in that area of the city, but wouldn't necessarily make a special trip out that way just to go to this location. I will say however, that our cashier was extremely friendly, and not just in the fake friendly way that a lot of people put on for work. If you're in the area, definitely check them out.
2	In my opinion, every Ross store is an average store. The clothing selection is usually pretty good - they have a lot of nice tops at decent prices. This store in particular is very dirty and unkempt. Clothes all over the floor. Dirt, and something that resembled feces was on the ground next to the women's tops. To me, that kind of filth isn't worth getting a good deal on a top.
1	It's the holiday season! I'm out Christmas shopping and trying to buy my father a gift that I have been searching every Ross in the valley for. I finally find one and the box was opened, so I wanted to check it to make sure all parts were there... Two clerks walk past and call over a third to contact someone (loss prevention) to assist the situation. Accused of attempting to steal the item, she says that she cannot sell to me because the item is now opened. My friend and I told her it was already opened and we wanted to make sure all parts were there because it was a gift. She walked off to talk to her manager and once again was disrespected and talked down upon!! I will never do business with this Ross!!!!!!!!
