5	Dawn is an excellent agent. She helped me trough my first investment real estate purchase, which means I had a lot of questions and took up a lot of her time. She was happy to help me and treated me like I was a client buying a 2 million dollar home ( I was a lot less than that).  Dawn answered every question, email, or phone call in a timely manor and made sure I understood the process. She kept on top of the bank and other agency which was instrumental in closing the deal. Working with Dawn is knowing you have someone in your corner that is going to do everything she can to make what you need to happen. I am pretty sure she worked harder than I did when it came to my purchase. I would recommend her to anyone and plan on working with her on my next investment.
5	I have been associated with Dawn for a few years now as a Network Partner and one of her favorite Business Partners.  I have seen her consistently take care of customers with such care and professionalism, it's a pleasure.  You must consider calling her to Buy, Sell, or plan to invest in Real Estate.   From her favorite Mortgage Banker, Steve Mevorah, W.J. Bradley Mortgage Capital
5	We had been in our home for ten years and had gone through 8 loan modification denials and threats of foreclosure after listening to many other individuals.  When we decided to short sale, Dawn sold our home within three weeks of listing and got much more than we had hoped for, making our "underwater" status not so bad.  Dawn is caring, compassionate and efficient.  Her family oriented nature has made our interactions with her pleasant, considering the sale of this home has been historically fraught with much trauma.  Dawn pays attention to detail and has a system that gently helps clients along during the process.  She is highly recommended.
5	While talking to Dawn about real estate, the first thing I noticed was her passion for real estate. It doesn't matter if you are buying, selling, or investing Dawn is your girl. I met Dawn after I recently bought a house here in in Las Vegas and absolutely wished I had met her first. She is a problem solver and has the customers needs first. When I buy my next house here in Las Vegas I know I will have Dawn as my realtor and I will get exactly what I am looking for. I would highly recommend Dawn to anyone looking to buy, invest, or sell their home
5	I have had the pleasure of Networking with Dawn and I have met many people who have used Dawn's services in the past. Every one of them have great things to say about her integrity, knowledge and expertise in Real Estate. Dawn has a drive that many agents are lacking. She will work until your needs are met. If you or someone you know are in need of a Realtor, I highly recommend Dawn Houlf.
5	Dawn Houlf is extremely helpful in understanding what the different, and best, options are for investing in real estate in Las Vegas.  She has an interesting story of how she began investing in real estate at age 19!  I trust her completely and she is true to her promises.  Plus, her contagious energy is awesome.
5	Dawn Houlf is the best out there. Satisfaction guaranteed!Dawn began investing years ago and learned the market from a different perspective. Today a seasoned Realtor she knows how to get her customers what they are looking for. Dawn is honest, caring and her follow up and personal service are second to none.Whether you are thinking about selling, doing a short sale, or investing you will be exceptionally happy with Dawn. I have known her for 25 years and she has always been very focused on customer service and following up. I would give her 10 stars, but they only have 5 to choose from!Carolyn Vanzlow
5	Everyone need a good real estate agent that understands what you want.  Dawn is knowledgeable and listens to what you want.  If you need a real estate agent go see Dawn.  Chris Hubel
5	I had heard that Dawn is one of the best in the Vegas area so  I decided to list my home with her. I only gave her 75 days to get it listed and contracted and amazingly enough, she far exceeded my expectations! It only took Dawn, only 27 days from listing date to closing date on the entire transaction.  She was so patient with us and offered creative selling solutions! If you're looking to buy or sell in Vegas, I would certainly suggest you contact Dawn.
