4	I've eaten at Showmars a few times now for both breakfast & lunch.  Service is always fast & efficient.  The food is always hot & tasty.  I've had the pita burger and gyro for lunch, both were very good.  They serve crinkle cut fries which are crispy on the outside, fluffy in the middle.  They are not quite a fast food place, but not really a sit down diner either.  Along with burgers & other sandwiches they also offer dinner plates with tenderloin tips to fried fish.  Nothing fancy here just good food with prices that are comparable to other fast food places.
4	Showmars is a local icon that has really grown throughout the years.  One thing they've always been known for and people rave about is the fish sandwich.  Unfortunately I don't really like fried fish so I've never tried it.  The grilled chicken pita is my favorite here.  Always fresh and quickly delivered! You order at the front, grab a number and they bring your food out.  I've always had good service at all their locations so the one here is no different.  I've actually had the pleasure of meeting the Owner of Showmars through my other passion (cars) and his great personality is probably a good reason as to why the restaurants have been so successful.  If you are looking for a quick bite to eat, stop in here or any of their locations.  You won't be disappointed.
3	I've been to this particular Showmar's more times than I can count.  It's the most frequented stop on our office's "lunch train".  As far as Showmars go, this is a pretty good one.  Great, quick, service, clean, and (if you go at 11:30 like we do), usually not too crowded.Greasy food, but pretty good.  The chicken fingers are adequate, but you can find better at other places.  Their pitas and gyros are pretty good, too, with tasty tzatzschkalie sauce (or however you spell it).A solid choice, but I wouldn't take the lunch train there every day.  My boss seems to love it, though!
4	My husband and I went to this Showmar's after we got married at City Hall.  Seriously.  I was on lunch break from work, and had to get in a quick meal.  No time for Blue or something fancier.  I had 20 minutes, and Showmar's would have to do. (Rest assured, our wedding was the following week in Boston, but because of marriage laws, we had to get our lisence in NC. But that's another story.) Anyhoo.  We got the gyro and the grilled chicken pita, one with veggies, the other with fries, both with unsweetened iced teas.  They were both solid! The service was great-- and one of the cooks overheard us talking about getting married just minutes before, and she gave us a free slice of coconut cake!Is it gourmet? No, but it's fast, inexpensive, and tasty. Plus, there are coupons in home-mailers/coupon books ALL the time. Nom!
4	I come here often... for breakfast.this location has croissants. THIRD STREET LOCATION DOES NOT!!!I usually call my order in while on the LYNX Train and its ready when I come in. Showmars is Showmars... This isn't anything different from the rest. Good food, ok prices. Go enjoy..Cheer's
4	Delicious fish sandwiches not so over the top onion rings, but for a location in yet another mall, the atmosphere of this food court, naturally lit, wood slats and not overly bright gonna give you a migraine type of lighting.  The Fish sandwich tasted very fresh, crispy and the perfect amount of food.  I don't do onion rings much but I have had better, but hands down, I would definitely eat here again and shop at the North Lake Mall, in Charlotte.  Its way calmer.
3	Casual dining... Fast!!!That's an insane slogan. I mean really.It's sort of a diner ish place that makes some random greek food. The gyro I had was honestly much too salty and dry.But i'll say, it was fast.
5	As a new Charlottean, I only discovered Showmars a few months ago, and I've already run out of fingers for the number of times I've been.  Showmars has the five things going for it that I like to see in a restaurant... Clean environment, friendly service, fast service, tasty food, and good prices.  Being a creature of habit, I have a long way to go to make it through the menu, but have thoroughly enjoyed what I have tried.  This location, if I have the right one, also has a really nice view from the mezz/2nd floor in Uptown.  For casual dining, it gets a two thumbs-up in my book.
4	I love Showmars!!  You always know what you are getting here - fast hot food, made to order!  We come here a lot for work breakfasts.  It is locating the the Charlotte Plaza building near the Starbucks.  Huge restaurant area in case you are eating in.  The staff at the counter is so fast to help you.  I had the ham and egg on a bagel the last time I was here and the bagel was nice and soft.  Everything was so delis.  It is a great bargain for your dollar too! Love coming here!!
1	Eww just ewww
4	Great chicken! I have enjoyed the chicken pita, Greek Salad with chicken, Chicken & Rice Soup and I love all. The chicken is seasoned to perfection and the portions are large. A definite lunch spot in my book.
5	Yesterday before class needed something better than the McDonalds that I walked pass, this was it! I had the breakfast bacon and egg croissant and it was great huge croissant and a little price. Could not ask for more, I have class in the building and will be back to try more things. Looking forward to trying some lunch, great specials very student friendly!
3	The food quality is low but the prices are more then fair. This is a greasy unhealthy diner and that works for me when I want that. The raving reviews crack me up because not one food item here is special.  The place doesn't try to make anything special it pushes out super fast cheap greasy spoon food.  So if you want some eggs and a biscuit for dirt cheap in the am this spot is great.  Just don't even come near here if you want to eat organic healthy food.  I know I will come in for some cheap calories now and then.
3	Showmars wasn't my first choice this morning but the restaurant I was looking forward to eating at was gone! So it was a choice between here and Subway. I ordered a Greek omelet with grits and toast. It wasn't very crowded but they did have a lot of foot traffic. When my meal arrived it didn't look any different from a meal that I would've received at iHop & like iHop it had no flavor whatsoever. Granted the omelet was salty due to the feta cheese. I really wasn't expecting much just something to fill my stomach which it did admirably. I really like Showmars lunch & dinner selections breakfast just doesn't seem to work with them.
4	So the Showmars in the Charlotte Plaza building (aka Charlotte School of Law building) is back open for business after a remodel.  It's super bright and modern looking with a different set up... the ordering counter is up front and you can get your food to go or dine-in.  If you dine-in, you get a number and your food is brought out to you promptly.There's a round kiosk station in the center of the floor that has the drink machine, condiments, utensils.... etc.  The dining area is pushed to the back, next to the windows.  You can eat and look over the plaza fountain and also see the clock fountain across the street at Wells One.  There's a mix of booths and tables, so you can combine tables if you have a large group or so.Servers are super nice and they even clean up after you when you finish dining.    Definitely a good option for breakfast and lunch if you work uptown - needing something quick and casual.
