4	I came for the soft opening so I added an extra star I normally wouldn't give. The beer was good but definitely unexpected flavors. I really wanted to like the imperial ipa but it was more citrus than I imagined. I liked the prices at $7 a piece though! Happy hour prices seem far as well! The food was just... Not great. The pretzel is pretty pricey for a small section and that is probably not 'beer' cheese, more like regular cheese? We also ordered the ultimate grill cheese and it could have been grilled for another two minutes or so. The decor is not modern in any way but we'll give that time!
5	Came here for the beer. Had myself a grilled cheese. Left happy. I tried the Ale and the Milk Stout. The milk stout is exquisite! Creamy delicious but not too thick and has good malty notes on the tongue. I will definitely be coming back.
5	My wife, brother and sister in law went last night to the soft opening. We all were very impressed with everything. The service was very fast and the brews were great! We started out with a flight just to have a sample of everything. I was very happy to see that they portions poured were pretty big, but also the price was awesome. Most places will charge you double for less beer. I loved the Milk Stout and it was delicious! My sister in law loved the Dubina Ale. We didn't have a chance to try the found but it looked good. The staff was super great. I wasn't expecting the service to be that quick. Usually openings stumble and they didn't seem to have any issues. We will definitely be going back. Especially once the Vanilla Porter is finished! I am also looking forward to picking up a few glasses once they are in stock as well as some t shirts.
3	I liked this place. We thought it would be dark, but it is quite open and light. Very friendly staff and we enjoyed talking to the bartender, Dan, who was very knowledgeable. Then one downside was the beer selection. The Imperial IPA was our favorite, but it's not a traditional IPA. It's very citrusy without much hop bitterness. The stout was a bit watery. Just lacked body, and I would say the same about the Brown we tried. I hope this place makes it, but they need to keep working on their beers and maybe offer some quest taps as well.
4	This is my first time here after the soft opening. Still here, first beer was the Hefe. Absolutely delicious with a very strong banana flavor. Might be my favorite Hefe I've had. Now I'm currently sipping down the Dubina Ale. This is also a fantastic brew. Very good flavor that goes down easy. I can feel the buzz creeping up and I am very happy about this place. As it gets more established I could see this being my favorite brewery in Phoenix. Keep up the good work! Only reason I didn't go five is because I'd like a couple more kitchen options. But hey!! They are brand new.
5	Awesome to see something such as this in the West Valley!Loved the hefe! The stout seemed a little light for my taste but the others were pretty impressive. Can't wait for more food!
4	We visited when this place was less than a week open and I have a feeling they will just get better. The first thing I noticed was how welcoming the staff was. We had dropped by to try a growler (got the Kolsh) thinking they would not have a food menu. We saw they had a food menu (two kinds of grilled cheese and a beer soaked brat). We decided to return for dinner. We came back that might and the place was nealy full. The dining room / bar had been bright during the day and was well lit that evening.  There was a giant ginga game int the front that a couple of friends were playing (and our server warned us it would be loud when the blocks came down). The staff was as friendly for dinner as they had been when we dropped by to get a growler. Despite Short Leash Dogs food truck in the back, I ordered their brat on a pretzel roll and my wife ordered a grilled cheese sandwich. I also ordered a flight of their beers which came very quickly. All the beers were good bordering on excellent. I liked the Kolsh the best despite being a hop head and ipa fan. The imperial ipa had 120-something IBUs but still tasted a little sweet or malty. Everything else was true to style and tasty. The brat on a pretzel roll came with kraut, onions, peppers, and spicy mustard. The brat and toppings were delicious but overpowered by the pretzel roll and would have been much better on flat bread. (The pretzel roll was listed as fresh baked which I'm sure was true, just not at the brewery). My wife's grilled cheese was savory and buttery on sourdough. Either the brat or the sandwich would have paired well with any of the beers. This place is really young but also super friendly. If I could give half stars they would be 3.5 but I'm giving them four because I really want this mom and pop craft beer (or son and mom) place to take off. They are good but they will be great!
3	Been waiting months for this brewery to open. Very friendly atmosphere, attentive staff and most importantly,  beer with great promise. While the food menu is a little scarce, they welcome you to order pizza or anything else and have it delivered. They also have food trucks come by on selected days which is great. I only wish they offered wine or allowed byob. It's difficult to talk my wife into stopping  in for a pint or two afterwork when there is no vino for her to partake in! Happy wife, happy life.
1	We were very excited for a local brewery but were totally disappointed in Dubina. The names and descriptions of their beer sounded great but when we got our drinks it was....not good. My "candy cream ale" lacked any sort of mature carbonation, zero head and my husband's beer tasted like dish soap. The regular hop flavor was lost behind a foulbitterness that made it hard to drink. The atmosphere was bland. We won't be returning.
5	I visited this new brewery with my wife and daughter. We ordered a flight of beers to see which ones we would order. All were very good, and we each ordered a different one. We also ordered a Brat, and it was fantastic!! It tasted like a real brat with veal in it, and we all enjoyed!! I will definitely be back for more!!
3	Major disappointment! I was really hoping have a nice local brewery close to me, but this one was just average. I was super excited about there Vanilla, which was just released, and it was a ok. The beer was average, but it was almost warm. It didn't taste as good as it could have because it was not cold. Nothing is as bad as a warm beer.I also had the milk stout, and that was a huge let down. The bar tender was kind enough to give me a heads up that the batch did not even turn out the way they intended it to, but they still served it. It was not a true mile stout by any means. It was almost lite, and had no body.I was let down but I also had high hopes. I think this place has potential and will grow, but based on what I got it was just average.
5	Pros: Great staff that's friendly and knowledgeableBeer is very nice and has a different taste than some other local brews. Tried the hefe, the wheat and the very tasty candy cream ale.Nice to have decently priced food. Most of the menu was under $8. Inside is very clean and welcoming. For a brew pub, it is large enough to come in and stay and watch a game.Cons:It's kind of hard to find tucked into an unattractive strip mall.Outside is kind of scary and looks like an old dive bar.Parking might be hard on a busy night (I went during the day)Overall, I was impressed and will return. Compared to other local breweries, this place is clean, welcoming, doesn't stink of stale beer and provides a MUCH NEEDED injection of good local run business into the Arrowhead area.
2	I want to start on a positive note, the server was friendly and our pretzel was tasty! The beer on the other hand was bla:/ The mister D stout and the vanilla porter were good... The other beers unfortunately were very bad. I would recommend this place to people who like basic beers like bud/colors but want to be hipsters and say they went to a brewery. Maybe I'm just use to stronger, tasteful beers and these were just too plain for me and other people will love them? Another negative about this place is the location, it looked like an old Chinese food place went out of business and they took it over. The worst part was it smelled like a bowling alley again, maybe that is just something that would bother me. I would recommend checking out wilderness brewery or O.H.S.O those will definitely not disappoint.
3	Ok...so I've been to Dubina two times already since they opened their doors last month. I was real excited to finally have a craft brewery near my house as I'm a huge fan of local craft breweries. Well after waiting for months for their openings I think I over hyped the brewery. As not bad at all, Dubina just didn't live up to my expectations. Maybe I take blame for having too high expedite tons but it was just average. First let's start with the decor. I have actually been to this location when the old Skybox sports bar was in business. Dubina did a lot of work cleaning the old bar up, adding new chairs and lots of open space. Didn't look like they did much for the bar top, but everything seemed remodeled and a nice fresh change from what this place really used to be. The service, well on the soft opening they were busy but all polite. Service was actually good. Very friendly servers. Now what we all what to hear...the beer...well we had the sampler flight and to be honest I really wasn't a fan of any of them. If I had to pick, I have to pick the Arrowhead IPA..I love IPAs and the happier the better. This one was just a little more citrus and even malt that I would like. Not bad, just not great.The milk stout was ok, I was hoping for a more cream milk stout. Maybe suggest this next batch should be on nitro? That would probably make it really good!The hefeweizen is just hefeweizen to me. I'm not a fan so cant judge them on that. Candy cream was very lite and had a fruity flavor to it. Not my think at all but this might be a popular beer for non heavy bear drinkers. Their Scottish ale was actually good, just too think and full of malts not bad. Overall the beer is ok, I was just really hopping for beer that really knocks it out of the house such as other popular breweries here in AZ. Now because I live so close to here, I'm not done with Dubina. I will continue to come back to see new beers and new menu items. I didn't have anything to eat on my visits but would like to try and also try a food truck that comes often. Overall Dubina is 3 starts. I may add a half star for being local but in this review they will stay 3star. Maybe after sometime I will change my review. I wish them the best of luck and I'll wait to visit again once a new beer gets announced.
5	Just used a groupon for date night and man are we going back! Service was outstanding. Food was amazing and drinks were sooooooo good! Highly recommend the brauts and the beer flight!
5	This was my first time to Dubina Brewin Co, I saw the Groupon deal online and couldn't pass it up!We got a few flights of beer as well as the Ham & Cheese sandwich. Sandwich was great and the whole menu selection is awesome and very well priced. Enjoyed all of  the beers on tap, especially the Zizkov Kolsch and the Havasu Hefeweizen.Being from the Northwest, I very much miss the abundance of craft breweries back home. I was very excited to have this new brewery open up so close to my home in Glendale!The space and location are good, I'm excited to see this place grow and will definitely be returning regularly to support Dubina Brewing!
4	The Vanil Kova Porter is the best porter I've had since moving here from Chicago. And that includes Pusch Ridge Porter from AZ Wilderness Brewing.
4	Came with a Groupon. Glad we did! The flight was good and the food. Would have given 5 stars but I felt like the atmosphere was missing something. Maybe some music?
4	The beer here is pretty good! I am glad they have growlers in, so I can take my beer home with me. I havent tried any of the food but i will go back and give it a whirl. Good service, atmosphere is OK. Good luck Dubina, we hope you are here to stay! :
5	If you like beer... drink beer here. Its like getting punched with an eagle fist in the mouth, but in a good way.
4	Local in house brewed burs.good morning Glendale coffee stoot an the beans are from cartel coffee
5	Great food, beer and service! Stopped by after a long day. Great atmosphere! Plenty of tables. Will definitely be here again! Had the Pumpkin Pie Ale and Good Morning Glendale Coffee Stout. The pumpkin beer is one the best I ever had. Not much pumpkin but the spices (cinnamon, nutmeg, etc).  The coffee stout is based from Cartel Coffee here in town. Both are definitely worth a try!
5	We tried Dubina for my husband's birthday celebration and it was perfect! It's a great local place that's hitting the ground running. It's not a fancy place with a glitzy menu, but the items we had were all well done (you won't go wrong with the local brat). They also had enough variety of beer on tap to please all kinds of beer drinkers. I really enjoyed the pumpkin ale, the gose, and the imperial IPA, however they all brought something different to the table. The atmosphere is also low key and the service is friendly. We will definitely be back and are happy to have this family run brewery in the west valley. Support your local brewery and check this place out!
5	Went with a friend to watch some college football... Loved it! Great vibe, great staff, and great beer. I ordered a flight to sample some different of beers (it was way more beer than I expected, for only $7), loved the IPA, loved the Pumpkin Ale, big fan of the Pale Ale.  I'm not a coffee guy, so that one missed the mark for me, and I found out I am definitely not into sours.  Overall, I can't wait to go back.  They said they're about to expand the kitchen, which will make it even easier for me to stay even longer.  Couldn't recommend the place enough.
5	Their sliders and soft pretzel are amazing!
4	It's hard to determine whether this is a restaurant or a bar it seems more like a restaurant but the focal point is definitely on the micro brewed beers. We tried the sliders the bratwurst the wings the flight of beers and the pretzel and the pretzel was amazing the bratwurst was very good served on pretzel roll with spicy mustard and sauerkraut the flight of beers was good there's nothing wrong with it and we will definitely come back again. We loved the local aspect of using locally sourced ingredients and our favorite beer was the Bell Road IPA First Avenue.
5	Sliders and hot pretzels are delicious. Pretty great beer and that is coming  from a Michigan beer snob! Highly recommended. Amy is a great waitress as well.
5	Great local craft beers friendly staff and the food is pretty good. This is exactly the type of place the West side is missing. Can't beat leaving here with a growler to go!
5	Wow, this place was a surprise. We had a groupon that expired today and debated going but I'm glad we did. It didn't look like much from the outside but it was wonderful. The beer flights came out fast along with a super friendly server who went over our selections in detail. I had the apple walnut salad with the homemade raspberry vinegarette, which was by far the best I've ever had. The wings were really great as well. The atmosphere was fun, people were playing some kind of jenga with giant blocks that eventually came crashing down, fun to watch. I'd go back in a heartbeat. Can't think of anything negative about the place.
4	Great to have a local brewery over in Peoria/north Glendale area! Tried a flight, all were good to very good, none bad, none amazing. Pretzel was a bit greasy but fries were tasty. Atmosphere leaves something to be desired. But good friendly local place, will go again.
2	After several weeks of wanting to try out Dubina, I finally met up with a friend here on a Friday evening. We both wanted to sample the beers, so we ordered the flight. Three out of the five were IPAs (not my favorite, but I wanted to be open minded and give them a try), the other two samples were Heffs. Keep in mind that I am by no means an expert in beer, but the whole flight was not very good overall, too bitter in my opinion, and the 'carrot cake' Heff tasted very basic without a hint of the carrot cake that I was expecting. The atmosphere inside the brewery was lacking, just a large open room with tables and chairs, a bar area, and some booths off to the side. Nothing special. Especially on a Friday evening, some live, or even livelier music on the radio, would have added a little something more to the bleak atmosphere. The food smelled good (although we didn't order any).I'm glad I got to try this place out, but wouldn't go back.
4	Really glad to have a brewery on my side of town instead of driving for 30 minutes to the others in the valley. Dubina is a solid brewery and they are really maturing into some good brewers. They are expanding their food menu as they go as well at the atmosphere. They seem to get better and better every time I go, really glad they are doing well and I will continue to give them my business.
2	A great deal of what Dubina brings to the table has great intentions, but so much of the execution is off the mark, its hard to find a lot of redeeming qualities to bring me back.  The west valley absolutely has the capacity for more great locally based microbreweries and Dubina conceptually should fill that need beautifully.  And its not just for the sake of good beer offerings, but this is the probably the only restaurant I've seen in the Phoenix metro advertising a Czech emphasis.  The small collective of brewers who opened this place did so thanks to the confidence of those who funded their Kickstarter campaign.  Perhaps overtime they'll be able to improve upon their business model, but thusfar there's a lot of improvement needed.I came here with some co-workers and friends after work on a Tuesday.  The first thing that's off about this place is the location.  Its located in the back corner of strip center which happens to be tucked behind another strip center on 67th Ave just north of Bell.  It would be super easy to pass this place by as there's virtually no street visibility and even when you arrive the signage is tough to make out.  I can forgive such an inconvenience if the rest of the experience is decent.  When I walked in however, the interior was equally puzzling.  It's a fairly large, dimly lit, expansive space with seating for probably at least 50 people, but in a space that was probably meant for closer to 80.  There was maybe a half dozen people there when we showed up for happy hour around 5pm and didn't get any busier the rest of the time we were there.  It seems like the owners couldn't quite decide if they want this space to be a brewery, a sports bar or a sit down restaurant.  There's a way to balance each of these objectives, but the oddly positioned TVs, wide open spaces, and quiet vibe inside leaves one feeling a bit confused about what they're going for.When we showed up they had 5 different brews of theirs available that day.  They had a pair of IPAs (a dark and a regular), a hefeweizen, a pale ale, and a brown ale.  They offered those individually or as a 5 beer flight (I got the flight).  In reading reader reviews, it seems like the soft pretzel and ultimate grilled cheese were favorite dishes of regulars so I went with those.  Total price for all of these items including tax, tip and a 10% happy hour discount on the flight and pretzel came to about $20.  First off, the beers.  I'm not a huge IPA guy, but their regular IPA was pretty decent.  Not overly hoppy, but enough bitterness to remind you it was an IPA.  The dark IPA tasted much more like a stout than an IPA.  Not bad, just a little unexpected.  The Hefeweizen was pretty much like most hefeweizens I've had.  Good, but indistinguishable.  The pale ale was also somewhat average and I was actually a little disappointed in the texture of the brown ale.  I usually like ales, but this one just didn't agree with me.  On the food side, I know they're only now starting to expand their menu offerings, but I was very disappointed with what I got for the money I paid.  The soft pretzel was decent and the accompanying spicy cheese sauce was a nice touch, but honestly it was just a salty pretzel.  Not sure what folks were so excited about.  As for my main course, when you call something the ULTIMATE grilled cheese, you better mean it.  Sadly, I don't feel this lived up to the hype.  The three cheese blend was fairly tasty, but honestly I was hoping for a whole lot more cheese than I got.  On the plus side, our waitress Sydney was friendly with us and for the most part was attentive to our table (save for a long wait for our bills).  I don't enjoy giving such negative reviews and generally look for the most redeeming features of any business I patronize.  But there was just too many red flags for me to overlook with this place.  I wish Dubina had chosen a smaller location with more street visibility as those two things would solve a couple of big problems aesthetically.  But in lieu of that, they really need to kick up their food menu a notch.  I get that not all of their favorite beers will be on rotation everyday, but the food menu should at least have enough great offerings that can draw folks on a regular basis.  And how about serving true Czech food?  I have no idea what that entails, but it would seem to follow the theme that helped launch their brewery in the first place.  I hope Dubina does improve overtime and eventually becomes the brewery the west valley wants (even needs).  But until some big changes come about, I won't be venturing here for awhile.
