2	Another sandwich place franchise in town, with several locations in Charlotte.  The one located on Remount is close to work, so lunch I went.  Sandwich options is ok.  Chicken or beef mostly, cooked on the grill. There is cold cut option, but amazingly they have corned beef but not roast beef.  I had the Philly Cheesesteak while my bf had a cold cut turkey.  Ordering process is a bit chaotic.  So the first person behind the machine only takes sandwich order and your name... Nope they don't care if you want fries or drinks or anything, just the sandwich and name.  Then you go down not even 7 feet to another person, who now needs to finalize your order and take your money.  The problem is if you want fries, she has to yell out to the kitchen staffs, who are between the 1st order machine and the cashier.  And all of the sudden Greg or Craig become an issue.  So why don't we just tell the 1st person to begin with?  End result is you may or may not have your fries when your sandwich comes out.  Awesome!The food quality is nothing spectacular. I like the crunchy bread.  But they don't give you much meat for $4.50 6-inch sandwich. It's more noticeable when you dont ask for much filler items.  I almost needed a microscope to find the turkey hiding under the lettuce. The fries was good, but this is no Five Guys, these fries are not meant to be shared. And lastly the staffs there were a little unsympathetic for such a new place... If they don't care now, gosh they really won't care later. Good luck Penn Station, I think you may need it to survive.
5	Great people; satisfying, hot sandwiches and irresistible fries. I don't know what most people expect out of a sandwich, but theirs surpass whatever it is I might have hoped for. Wonderful, crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside bread, generous cheese, spilling over onto the bread and making a nice little cheesy crust. Artichoke sandwich is my fav. Also, they have nice, tart fresh-squeezed lemonade. Yummy.
1	Everyone makes mistakes.  It is how we deal with those mistakes that determines our success.  We went as a party of six, on one check.  Five of our meals came quickly and were of decent quality.  The sixth meal was not received until 29 minutes later.  During that time we repeatedly asked about the missing order, and were initially told "it should be on it's way." The staff seemingly took no effort to find out what the problem was.  Only after repeated queries did they decide to look for our order printout, verify that we had paid for that meal, then start trying to get it made.  IF SOMEONE SAYS THEY ARE MISSING THEIR MEAL, GET IT IN PROCESS, THEN VERIFY PAYMENT, NOT THE OTHER WAY AROUND!!  After everyone was finished, we still had to wait for the last meal, and get it as take-out, so the rest of us could get back to work. As a side note, there are NO SALADS on the menu.  They did make me a salad as a special request, and it was very poor.  My meal was received quickly. I am not sure what it cost (our copy of the receipt was not itemized) our party of six was $64.00.  You can eat way better food and have better service for that price elsewhere.
3	It's a sub shop. Don't come here if you're expecting some artisan bread and hand-cured meat products. Definitely one of the better chains in comparison. Also, these dudes serve fries with their sammies. Way better than a wimpy-ass bag of chips. Truth be told, the fries are pretty awesome.Had the chicken salad with some peppers. It was a little heavy on the mayo, but flavors were balanced. Would I go back? Yes. Would I go back right now? No. Would I revisit the menu with a curious friend who just so happened to have a craving for a sammich and french fries? Of course.
5	Delicious subs and amazing fries!! I have been going here for lunch roughly once a week since they opened and I have ALWAYS experienced great service and awesome food. The subs and fries are always hot and fresh to order and the bread they use for the subs is soft yet crunchy, so yummy! When your craving a delicious sub and fries (how many sub places do you know that serve FRIES instead of chips) stop by Penn Station you won't be disappointed!!! :-)
3	This was my first visit to Penn Station. I agree with previous reviews...nothing fancy about this sub shop but they do have some darn good bread. Here's the rundown:Steak and Cheese-So I'll be honest it comes with a bunch of stuff that I'm sure combined is delicious...But I'm not into all that and really just wanted to taste the flavors in the meat so I kept it simple and just had steak, cheese and banana peppers. It was a pretty solid sandwich. They grill it up right then and then run it thru an oven...which is a nice touch. There were good flavors to the meat but the real winner for me was the bread! It was really delicious. Crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside...perfect!Fries:There hand cut and could be really delicious if served up hot. But be careful, if you are getting to-go the fries come in a cup and all of them will end up at the bottom of your bag causing a greasy mess....just guess who was lucky enough to find that out the hard way!Lemonade-Biggest downer....it was watery and even adding sugar when I got home didn't help. There was nothing freshly squeezed or delicious about it. Let's hope it was a bad batch. I'm looking forward to trying more of their sandwiches. I'll keep you guys posted!
4	I haven't been to another Penn Station subs so I can't compare this to the rest but its a pretty decent hot sandwich chain in my books. I've only tried the cheesesteak the two times I've gone and its definitely not a true Philadelphia cheesesteak, but it wasn't a terrible version either.  I love the fries!
2	I'm from the North and love a cheese steak so thought this would be perfect since it's right near my home.  Unfortunately, either the staff is underpaid, under-trained, or both, because the service has been AWFUL every time I've gone there.  They are consistently under-staffed and the ordering process makes no sense (and is rarely followed b/c of the under-staffing).I managed 3 restaurants in my past life and understand the need to keep labor costs down but not at the expense of your livelihood / restaurant future.  Unless they make some large scale changes I've made my last visit to Penn Station.
5	In my opinion none of the other sub chains even come close. The bread is fresh and not too sweet like many chains.....so much better than other places. The meat is good and they give generous portions. You have several sandwich size options.  All sandwiches come with the option cold or grilled.My personal favorite is the club, grilled. Who knew honey mustard on a club sandwich was so amazing! The chocolate chunk cookies melt in your mouth...mmmm!!! The lemonade is fresh, it's pretty sweet so beware. I'm not a huge fry person but these are fresh made and good, a little greasy but aren't they all!Penn Station has quickly become the only place I go for subs anymore!
5	Just left there. The 2 gentlemen closing out were in great spirits and service was awesome. Food was hot as hell and served with a smile. I will be coming back and recommending to co workers!! Ps. The Philly Cheesesteak sub is the best!
1	Garbage. The meat is like old hamburger meat they try to Mask with sauces and Banana peppers. A sad imitation of a Philly Cheese steak. Go anywhere else with you hard earned nine bucks.
