5	VERY MUCH INVOLVE WITH THIS PLACE!I truly think this is THE BEST indoor playground in the Southwest area.Let's start with the place being new, clean and the owners are super nice and friendly.There are play-pretend rooms on the sides, such as a princess room,a market, a school, a firefighters spot, even a small class. There's a huge costumes rack at the back and a stage the kids can preform on. Two balls pools, trampolines, a tiny kids gym, it's just awesome. I would say it's suitable for babies all the way to age 8 or so. Great spot for birthday parties as well. This is definitely my #1 place at the moment, TRULY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5	Today was my first visit. I'll start by saying that I noticed the owner wiping down all the toys with sanitizing wipes. Parents know just how important that is with little germy hands. The owner was nice and friendly. A single day pass is $10 but you can come back during the same day. There isn't a discount for a family of more than one child.There's a few trampolines, an air hockey table, a little gym, a few ball pits, a jump house, dress up clothes, a stage and numerous ride-on toys. My 4 & 3 year old were in Heaven!
5	Today I went here for my son's birthday. We had about fifteen kids & rented the whole place out. Everything was set up for us already, so all we had to bring was the food. The place was clean & the staff was very helpful. I recommend anyone who has toddlers to come here.
5	We ABSOLUTELY LOVE this place! Kids Kingdom is by far the AWESOMEstestestet play place for toddlers. We came here for the first time yesterday for a birthday party, and we seriously can't get enough of this place. So, of course we HAD to come back today for more fun :-). All I can say is "WOW"!!! There's so much for toddlers/kids to do here.  Kids were so busy having the time of their lives, while we parents can relax on their super comfy couches. My daughter and friend's son did not want leave.  The owner, Tom, was very friendly(he already addressed my daughter by her name); This place is very clean; I was really impressed when I saw Tom constantly wiping down the toys and picking up after the kids. It really shows that he takes pride in ownership. Although it's quite a drive for us, we will frequent this fun place often!
5	I visited here for a birthday party and was amazed at how wonderful this place is for kids and adults.   The ball pit was a favorite of all,  but they're were so many other great activities: dress up,  slides,  cars to ride,  and mini exercise equipment.   The kids did not want to leave.   The best part is they didn't forget the parents.   There are 4 comfy couches spaced around the room for you to relax on while watching your child.   There are also magazines for you to read,  coffee,  and snacks.   This would be a great place to hang out at during the hot summer months.Socks are required to enter the play area.
3	Kids Kingdom is new and the location is great - 5 minutes from my home and same location as swimming lessons. I loved taking my two girls here because it was new and clean. I finally purchased a 6-mth membership only to find out that the owners close the facility for 'private' birthday parties whenever they want, throughout the weekend.  And unfortunately, they do not  use their website to communicate to members that they will be closed for a party BEFORE we arrive with our kids with the expectation of open play. Apparently, you must have a Facebook account if you want to know when there is 'open play', otherwise, I suggest that you call first so that your little ones are not disappointed.  Other locations reserve every Sunday for parties.   Kids Kingdom lacks professionalism but provide a clean and safe play area for the kids - when they are open.
5	Best indoor place in town (and ive been to all of them) So many things for kids and very comfy for adults. The interactive areas are really what sets them apart and what a clever idea! Very clean too!
5	This is a great alternative to an outdoor park. Super clean. Great staff. Love this place. Reasonable pricing.
4	SOCKS ARE MANDATORY! Food is allowed so you may bring outside food. They also offer snacks and drinks as well as socks if you didn't bring any. There are a couple bathrooms but I've only been in one and it's pretty clean. I wish they had air freshener if anyone decides to do number two. Before you walk in there's a big cubicle where you place all your shoes. In the middle there's a small area to sit while eating. A couple black couches around to sit. It's pretty clean. I did find it very odd that the owner was cleaning every other minute but hey!!! If that's how she likes to run things then no problem. She doesn't get in the way of other kids playing though. Always call first to see if it's open play. Hours and operation varies! So meaning they close on a certain time for open play if they have parties going on. I paid $10 for one child. I didn't pay much attention to the prices and plans that they offer. I wasn't that interested. It was my first time! I came to try it out because one of my family members recommended it. We like this place but don't LOVE IT. I didn't have any issues or problems what so ever but it wasn't over the top to love it. We may come back a couple times. They have a mini jumper, princess play room, market play room, firefighter play room, hospital play room, and a teachers play room. A mini train ride. And many more!
5	I absolutely love this place. We had a small mom gathering meet here and everyone raved about the cleanliness, the amazing various toys for different ages and the easy to see layout of the place. It's neat that they have one wall dedicated to imaginative play for princesses, Dr's, firefighter etc. The owners really know how to cater to children as this is the first true play place I've been to where my daughter didn't get board. She played for 3hours and did not want to leave! I do wish the prices were more reasonable for memberships and that the air hockey table worked properly. Other than that 5stars all the way!
3	After reading all the reviews, I had high hopes. This playground is fairly close to our house. Upon walking in, it was a huge mess. Toys all over the place. Balls out of the ball pit. The guy who is supposed to be cleaning and taking care of the place is sitting at the register and playing on his phone. After about an hour and a half we left so my daughter could take a nap. We came back later that day to find the same guy texting....oops working behind the counter. Before we left at 130, I saw a wrapper from a snack they sell sitting on the floor. Come back at 5, it's still there, and the overall place was a bigger mess. Guess I'll have to travel further to another playland.
5	Had a bday party last week. They went above and beyond for decorations and all the kids had a blast! I have many play dates scheduled here in the next month! Still my favorite place to bring kids.
1	I came here by chance with my son, not realizing that they had a private party that was about to start ( there were only a handful of kids hanging around and there was no party set up whatsoever). As I proceeded to check in, the guy behind the counter asked, "are you part of the party?!" I said no and he said "You can't be here." Obviously if I had known that there was a private party then we wouldn't have checked in. No "may I help you" or "here are our open play hours." NOTHING. RUDE MUCH. Then another guy made a smarta$$ comment as we were about to walk out and i heard them chuckle. I'm in a customer service-based profession too and this is definitely not the way you treat potential customers.  Very disappointing.
1	The only reason I gave one star is that the facility itself is set up nicely. And also because Yelp makes me give at least one.My best friend and I decided to do a joint birthday party here for our two kids. Setting up the party was easy, and Tom was very nice about finding out what kind of decorations we wanted and so on and so forth. I even changed my mind on the theme a few days before, and he was totally fine with it. Okay, so far so good.We get to the party, and right off the bat I'm being told that Tom has a stand-offish attitude towards some of the parents, and I got that vibe also. He tells me to sign my daughter in the child column (one of the birthday kids), which I thought nothing of at the time. Towards the end of the party I walk over to the sign in sheet to get an estimate of how many kids we had, because I had a feeling we had gone over by a COUPLE (15 kid limit, then you are charged $12 for each kid you go over.). Well to my surprise that are 26 kids signed on that sheet. Hmmm. That's funny, I look around and don't see 26 kids between the ages of 8 months and 8 years (Which is what I was told when I booked the party, and asked what the age limit was for the kids counted in the party.) I ask Tom if this is accurate, and he says "Oh yea, the older kids are signed into the adult column." Whatever. It's close to the end of the party and I have a lot going on, so I was a little flustered. We go to pay and are charged $96 over our original price for the *8* kids that were over the count. (Plus $30 for people who forgot to bring socks, no problem, that's our fault.) I have also been told by MULTIPLE parents that were SPECIFICALLY TOLD to sign their teenagers in the child column. Sooo basically you lied when you told me that the teenagers were signed in the adult column. He said it's not his responsibility to make sure the kids and adults are signed in the right columns. I beg to differ. If you are going to be taking people's money for whoever is signed in the kid's column, pretty sure it's your responsibility as the business owner to check it for accuracy. I wasn't informed that I should stand by the sign in sheet and tell people what to do, aren't you getting paid for that?The next day we start going over our invites and the ACCURATE count of adults, children, and teenagers that were at the party. 18 excluding the two birthday kids. So we try to call Tom for an explanation. He's not there. The worker who answered said he would deliver the message, ok great. Call the next day, he won't be in until the evening. Ok. So I get on the website and send an email, no response. We finally get a hold of Tom on Wednesday and are told that even though we had older kids at the party, they were playing with some of the equipment, so we had to pay for them. I wasn't aware that 16 year old would be charged for entertaining the toddlers we had running around, and playing with them. I should have just told all the parents that if they were bringing older kids, they had to sit down and look at the ceiling the whole time we were there, so we could avoid a $500 party right? Babies that sat in the ball pit in adult's laps, doing nothing but sitting there and looking around? Boom. That'll be another $12. GTFO. He offers to refund us for 4 kids, but not the full 8 that we were overcharged. Sooooo split between two party moms, that'll be $24 each? No thank you. It's not worth the gas or the frustration of having to step foot in your establishment again. If I wanted to spend $500 on a 3 year old's birthday party, I would have gone to Disneyland. NEVER AGAIN, KID'S KINGDOM. BAD, BAD BUSINESS.
5	I really enjoyed going to this place. The place was clean when we got there, and I watched the staff clean various times over the hours that we were there. My daughter loved the various play areas, and spent time in all of them. I really liked how thought out and well designed the play areas were.There were areas for crawling babies all the way up to older children. We will definitely come back.
5	Having tons of fun here!!! So much to do and so much room to do things. Guy at the counter is very nice and when someone is doing something they should not he asked them to stop nicely unlike other places we have been to. My new favorite place for Zoey!!!
5	I have visited most all indoor playgrounds on the SW side of town and I'm a regular so I know the inns and outs of these places.This place is prob my favorite. It is the cleanest I've ever been to. For the parent that says there has been a food wrapper on the floor (almost hidden in between the bouncer) for a few hours.. Remember first off kids are not supposed to walk around and eat for this exact reason. And parents are supposed to keep an eye on their kids so the only person to blame is the parent. This isn't a daycare. It makes the biggest difference on the type of clientele that comes in. When I went to kids planet I was disgusted. Big big difference on the people that come here compared to kids planet. I like that the owners here keep the parents and kids in check. To me it shows they care about the business which in turn keeps it clean. Also like that they have smaller hands-on toys and are better for younger kids then most other places I visited. Try taking a 16month old to child's play/kids plant... They Will get trampled on! Also I can't beat the price. I used to go around town to different places to change it up, but finally got a monthly  membership here. 50$ a month when I come three days a week at least instead of paying 10$ each visit. With this whether it's $50 well spent! Overall this is a place I can stand to go to consistently. I can't say that about the other places. Tykes and tots is another favorite with great owners. We had my sons first birthday there!
1	Do not go to this place!!  Owner is a complete asshole!!  Every time we are there he is staring me and my kids down like we're doing something wrong. Today they topped their bad behavior for not letting us bring in food.  I frequent indoor playgrounds weekly and have never been told this. They are so rude. I can not believe they expect kids to just eat snacks. Never comin here again
4	Came here last week to try them out and I absolutely loved it. The admission is $10 just like most places and socks are mandatory. This place is clean and has lots of toys for the kiddies to play with and the one thing I loved the most is that when I went, it was nice and quiet. Not too many kids which gave my daughter a chance to play with everything and not have to wait. Another plus to this place is that they open daily from 9a-8p unlike most places that close at 6p. They offer free Wi-Fi too which always comes in handy for us parents who wait while the kids play. Another thing I like is that the beverages and snacks they offer are at a reasonable price (the way it should be).This place is affordable, clean, the staff is friendly and they stay open late, I will definitely be coming back more often.
3	The place itself is fine. Lots of things for kids to do, my kid had a blast. I noticed a few toys that didn't work, needed new batteries I guess? The snacks were run of the mill vending machine type stuff.  The staff I was not impressed with at all. The younger guy at least smiled, the older guy did not seem to like people, including kids, at all. I won't be going back, since there are other indoor playgrounds where I feel more welcome. It's an ok place though if you don't care about the staff being personable.
5	A wonderful indoor playground for kids.  This is my son's favorite!  It is safe, open (so parents can sit anywhere and see their kiddos) and lots of creative and active themes for children to enjoy.
5	Impressed! Owner was very nice, tons of toys, ball pit, trampolines, themed play areas, etc. Let me bring my 6 month old in for free (under 8 months are free). Kids were running around in costumes, playing on mini trains and just having a blast. I'll definitely be back- especially when my girl gets mobile.
