4	Upscale soul food.  Cornbread, fried chicken, pork chops, salmon cakes, beef ribs, shrimp and grits, red beans, mac n cheese.  Man I wish there was a joint like this in SF!  My Dad once had the soft shell crab hoagie and almost cried it was sooo good...
4	Cornbread and Sweet Tea. If that was all you ate here you would already know how good the food can be. The fried chicken and the shrimp and grits are their signature items and always satisfying. You also cannot go wrong with the daily special, particularly if there is "dressing" involved. The standard sides are generally good. I really like the macroni and cheese--super creamy and cheesy with baked crusty topping. Just be aware that many of their sides are made with lard, so vegetarians might want to skip this place.The service is good, and the food comes out quickly. There can be a long wait if you get there right at noon, so get there early or late if you're planning on lunch at Mert's.
3	This place is ok.  It can be crowded (meaning you could be waiting) and the service is not great.  The food was fine, but personally I prefer my soul food to be less upscale (read less overpriced).
4	I think that this place is worth going to just for the corn bread they bring you before the meal.  It is the best corn bread that I have ever tasted (and they serve it with honey butter, yum).  They are the urban sheek version of soul food, but I still love the fried chicken there.
4	Ah Mert's! I love this place! It's not fancy, it's just good. Whenever I am in Charlotte I go to Mert's if I can and I always order the bar-b-cue short ribs. These ribs are different than what I get back in Texas in that they are served entree style instead of your usual "rack-o'-ribs". They fall off the bone in a nice sweet BBQ sauce. Very tasty! The sides are always good too. The service is laid back diner style. That being said, the staff is always friendly and every time I have been there the whole room is full of happy people which goes a long way if your feeling like a stranger in town. The prices are what you would expect in a restaurant like this ranging from 6 to 11 dollars per plate. Mert's is real soul food served in a soulful environment so check 'em out! You'll be glad you did!
5	Of all the wonderful places to eat in Charlotte, this place was an instant favorite.  It has a down to earth type feel.  The food was something else.   I've never had southern food, but as this was my first experience with it, I have to say I ow understand what all the hype is about.  After eating at this place you'll understand the meaning of "Soul Food".  Salmon cakes,corn bread, deep fried catfish, home-made butter, mac and cheese, okra and tomatoes...the stgoes on.   My mouth is watering just reminiscing about it.The guy who waited on us was more than just a waiter.  He was friendly, funny, prompt, courteous, and attentive.  Carmela...thank you so much for taking me to this place! I had itis for the rest of the afternoon!
5	This is one of the places that you have to go to if you are in Charlotte.  It is local and very unique and you will not find anything like it anywhere else.  The food is interesting and the atmosphere is very unique.  I have been there many times and have never been disspointed.
5	Great food, great experience - as an out of town traveler who doesn't like to eat fast food every single day, finding Mert's was a pleasure.  Keeping prices down and providing a great experience is hard at any restaurant but Mert's doesn't skimp when it comes to down home food.  The tables are basic and the look and feel are simple, but this shouldn't stop you from enjoying yourself thoroughly - beginning with their tasty fresh cornbread and continuing into barbeque whether it's ribs or pulled pork.  Although this place is in North Carolina, I was happily surprised by a sauce that didn't overpower with vinegar.  On the whole, I was very happy with Mert's and will definitely go again!
5	Total gem! Awesome Southern cooking at a very affordable price. We came here for lunch before heading to the airport on our way out of time, and were very glad we did. The atmosphere is cozy and quirky, and the food was absolutely DELICIOUS! I ordered the pulled pork plate, which I would highly recommend, especially if you enjoy Carolina style BBQ. My wife ordered the fried chicken, which was also very tasty. The sides were all good, especially the collard greens. Wish I could have taken a container home with me.
5	Awesome. I probabley gained five pounds at lunch, but it was totally worth it. Best collard greens ever! Everything we had was good yams, green beans, corn bread, barbecue, fried chicken, corn bread. Yum, Yum. Yum. Plus, the service was friendly and quick.
1	This was my first time coming to this restaurant and I came because a lot people and media were talking about it. I took my Mom on Sunday for her birthday. The only thing good about our meal was the water, orange juice and corn bread snack. Actually, the OJ was room temperature, so it was 'borderline good'.I ordered smoked pork chops, home fries and green beans. My Mom order salmon cakes, collard greens and mac-cheese. The pork chops had a good smoke flavor, but they were too salty and paper thin. The fries were over-cooked and soft. The green beans were greasy and tasted sweet. Sometimes, people will add a little sugar to green beans if they accidentally add too much salt; I believe that was the case.My Mom's salmon cakes were dry, the collard greens were flavorless and under cooked (probably just stir-fried) and the mac-cheese was dry.Not only was the food bad, but it wasn't even hot and my green beans had a little solid grease on them (eeewwwww!).I won't go back because the meal was expensive (w/tip), the parking was terrible and the food was no good.It was a total disappointment for me. I was embarrassed for recommending this restaurant.
3	Nothing will ever be like Grandma Rachel's, but Mert's comes close.  I'm a pescetarian (veggies and seafood only), and I can eat here.  Service is usually pretty good, though it gets crowded on weekdays at lunchtime.  To avoid that, try to arrive before 11:30 a.m. or after 1 p.m.  Outside seating is extra bonus if the weather is nice, but you'll have to endure the nearby construction noise.
4	I miss Mert's. Well, I guess I miss good southern food in general, and, to me, Mert's is why. Granted, I love my Bojangles, Cookout, various BBQ joints, calabash and all. But, whenever I head back to Charlotte, I make it a point to hit up Mert's at least once, if not three times. I usually get the fried catfish with mashed potatoes and collard greens. The catfish is fried to perfection, nice and crisp without being overly oily or heavy, and the cooks make sure to leave the fins and tail on for those customers that really know how to eat fish. The mashed are made from real potatoes, and the collards are very flavorful, kissed with just the right amount of vinegar. And of course, I always gotta have a loaf or two of the absolute best cornbread in the world. There's a reason why the above is listed as my last meal on earth, and given the portions, I may just be able to delay that inevitable end by a good half hour. The portions are HUGE!There's nothing on the menu I wouldn't try. There are some definite "safe" items, especially for breakfast. But, if you're just starting your southern cooking career, the fried chicken is excellent as are the shrimp and grits, which aren't really my cup of tea, although that sweet tea now... Service is good, warm and friendly just like service usually is everywhere in the South. There might be a wait at lunch, but given the good weather in Charlotte, you can usually grab a seat on the sidewalk pretty quick. I'm sure there are better, more authentic spots for southern food. But, for visitors to Charlotte, or those looking for something a little more chic, and sitll new to Southern cooking outside of KFC, a stop at Mert's is absolutely mandatory.
4	Oooh I loves me some Mert's! When I worked downtown this place was a regular on my list of favorite lunch spots. You can smell it a block away! Amidst all the new fine dining places Charlotte has to offer is this little gem of home cooked greasy goodness.It's hard to recommend any one thing in particular, because I've had almost the entire menu...but I guess my favorite meal had to be the blackened pork chops with some yams, charleston red rice and sauteed squash on the side. It's the kind of lick your lips food that makes you forget it's going to be a long day on the treadmill tomorrow. The fried chicken is also fantastic, as is the shrimp po'boy.The owners here are so friendly, and you often see various members of the family working the registers or serving tables. They talk to all the patrons like they're newly inducted members of the family, and make it a very fun, comfortable atmosphere to eat some great food in. We've also used them for catering several times and they stole the from some of Charlotte's biggest names.
5	Piranhas couldn't have cleaned my plate faster.  I haven't laid into a piece of chicken like that in decades.  They make chicken like my momma did with the skin so crispy and the meat too hot too handle.  Mine was still steaming while I was dismantling it like a lion on a zebra in the Serengeti.  The bbq rib combo is juicy and would leave me wanting more if I hadn't just murdered half a plate of green beans, red rice and corn bread.  I was sopping it up with abandon.  Heart and soul is right.  There's nothing but love on the plates at Mert's.  I can't think of anywhere else in recent history where utensils like a knife and fork suddenly became an impediment to enjoying such amazingly good food.  Put your napkin in your lap, throw your table manners to the wind and enjoy.  This is down-home cooking in a casual atmosphere and reasonably priced.  It can be very busy and I recommend trying it out your first time when it's not dinner rush or on a weekend.  But even if you do it's well worth the wait.
5	I visited Charlotte last week and I ate here three times.  I couldn't help it.  Soul Food is right.  Eating here is like having a spiritual revival meeting in your mouth.  You feel like a better person after having eaten here.  A better person who will die of a massive heart attack in 5 minutes.
4	Mert's is a Charlotte tradition--it's kinda the heart and soul, if you will, of Uptown Charlotte. Unassuming from the outside, it does indeed have a lot f heart and soul--you sense it as you walk into this quaint, friendly establishment. Ok, enough heart and soul usages. Picture a backyard BBQ indoors, and that's Mert's. Friendly, knowledgeable waiters treat you like family. It's a great environment in which to enjoy a laid-back BBQ meal. Speaking of BBQ, this place makes great stuff, and a lot of people think it's the best--or most authentic--in Charlotte. Great meat-and-three action here--try the collards and the pulled pork. The fried chicken is amazing, too, so get yourself some of that. Simple domestic beers in bottles, which is the perfect touch to the home-cooking you're getting here. Check it out--definitely a nice change of pace from most of what you'll find downtown.
4	If you're new to Charlotte and still adjusting to living in the New South, go to Mert's Heart & Soul in uptown. I can pretty much guarantee that the macaroni and cheese, sweet tea, biscuits, meatloaf and all the other soul food will remind you why Charlotte is a good place to live. You can order food from Mert's online, which is a convenient perk. I've been to a couple events catered by Mert's. Mm mm.
3	I had always heard good things about Mert's and was pleasantly surprised to see that they opened up at 9 a.m. on Saturdays and Sundays for brunch when most Charlotte restaurants don't open for brunch until 10 a.m.  I figured brunch would be a good introduction to Mert's and also allow us to try another brunch place that opened earlier.We were seated and received excellent service from our server.  Unfortunately, the brunch/breakfast options seemed very limited and their taste was just average.  We crossed Mert's off our list as a feasible brunch option II wouldn't recommend it for this time of day) but may return to give their lunch or dinner a try.  I do love a good fried catfish!
5	If you're idea of the best meal in the world includes cornbread, sprint, don't walk to Mert's. Best cornbread ever.Side note: I was in Charlotte for 3 days, and at least 5 people asked my (twin) brother and I if we were twins. This never happens in the Midwest or Northeast. One of the women working hit on his pretty hard. That was fun.
2	It's OK.  It's soul food.  The fried chicken was straight forward.  Not likely to go back for just that, as Price's is much better in my opinion.  I was also able to sample the BBQ pork... It was a tad weird.  My girlfriend accurately pointed out it tasted like curry.   I would steer clear of that. The mac and cheese was good because, let's be honest, it's cheese and cheese is good.  The collards were authentic and would get them again.  Our server was very nice and attentive.  Overall rating - Just an OK.
3	Want some authentic Southern soul food without having to drive out of the city into the lands of banjos, buck teeth, and other shockingly accurate stereotypes?  Then Mert's is the place for you!I would aim to come here for breakfast or brunch, but be forewarned, the wait can be quite long.Also, don't eat Mert's before a day of outdoor activities or extensive traveling, the heavy nature of the food makes it most conducive to a sedentary timeframe (or overall lifestyle).When we were there, they were out of a myriad of items (OJ, country ham, other breakfast staples), but they more than made up for it with smiles and service.  However, my Yelp rating schematics do not currently allow for smiles to compensate the country ham shaped hole in my life, thus minus one star.Still check them out though, maybe even practice a few y'alls while your there!
5	All I can say is YUM!  You really can't go wrong here.  The atmosphere fits the cuisine and I loved all of it.  (Okay except for the sauteed squash but this is no biggie).  The fried chicken, beef ribs (which I don't ever eat), sweet tea, cornbread, potatoes, and on and on are fabulous.  So tasty!  Of course there is no calorie-counting here but it's a great experience that makes you feel good.
4	Mert's has my favorite collard greens and corn bread in Charlotte.  The salmon cakes are delicious as are the pork chops.  Fried chicken is above average, although not as delicious as the previous two entrees mentioned.
4	The cornbread was great, i had the smothered chicken lunch special with greens and string beans and everything was good. I'd give the food 3.5 stars but the place and the people were great which bumps it up a half star to 4 stars.
5	It's da bomb yo!!! Southern, fried, sassy, grease in just the right spots!!! Git yer Mert's on!!!!!
2	I had high expectations considering that I was in the South.  I love the food in the South!  However the experience here was not very good!  I grew up eating most of the food on the menu, and I tend to make strong comparisons against that home cooking.  In addition, I love food, and I have a wide taste bud ranging from various regions of the world.The food was delivered to me at my table very very very very very hot.  I was unable to comfortably eat for approx. 7 to 10 minutes.   I ordered Fried Chicken, Greens, Yams, Catfish, and Banana Pudding.  The previous day, my business colleague order and ate the red beans and rice.Service was good.  The menu needs help.1) The Fried Chicken wasn't really fried.  It looked like baked chicken that was dried out.  Not crispy looking, not seasoned. Not very tasty.2) The Catfish was a complete fish with bones.  The taste was pretty good! However, I would have enjoyed it more had I not had to de-bone every bite.3) The Greens were good!4) Yams were good!5) Corn bread was just ok6) Banana Pudding was very good!7) Red beans rice and sausage was not good.All and all, the Merts was just ok,  However, if in town again, I would not be compelled to re-visit...and I love Soul Food.
3	The cornbread is four stars, no doubt about it.The rest of the menu choices were pretty blah, I thought.  We were caught in that 'tween stage of eating (11:00 am... time for breakfast or lunch).  So, I had 11:00 am fried chicken, which was nothing great.The salmon cakes were not available, and the service was sooo slow (even by laid back southern standards).
4	The fried catfish was perfect.  The sides were good too.  the service was good and the people friendly.  Good place.
4	Let's say someone has been traveling for work a lot. Let's say they end up in Charlotte, NC. Then let's say that they LOVE food especially anything that can be described as "Southern" and they happen to stay next to Mert's. Then we'd say...heaven.DELICIOUS corn bread. (Seriously, the stuff melts in your mouth...amazing). I got the blackened salmon with okra & tomatoes and collard greens as the sides, sweet tea (the only way tea should be, IMO) and a Blue Moon. We also got a plate of "soul rolls" for the table which black-eyed peas, collard greens, rice and chicken and some sort of honey mustard sauce. Can I say hell yeah? Basically a delicious meal that I scarfed down in .5 seconds because I'd been working all day. Eat up, NC! Or, if you're not in NC...get there immediately and go to Mert's.
5	Amazing every time.  Service can be a little slow, and some of the servers are spacey, but they are nice every time.  And my girl Paris ALWAYS is outstanding.The cornbread is like cake; that's a good thing.  Fried chicken is always tasty.It's what you expect.  Soul food.  Better/worse than yo momma's, depending on what kinda skillz yo momma had.Definitely best soul food in Charlotte.  White, black, asian, or whoever, soul food knows no boundaries; everybody should be able to appreciate fried, fatty, buttery, greasy goodness.
5	This is exactly the kind of restaurant I wanted to eat at on my southern state adventure! The decor made me feel at home, the waitress was friendly and had the perfect southern drawl, the food smelled wonderful, and the sweet tea...oh the sweet tea was good! Plus it's located in Uptown Charlotte which made it all the better. It was lunch time when we went. I ordered the pulled pork as my main dish with yams and collard greens as my sides. The cornbread was really delicious and i really liked the butter which had a sweet taste to it. The food took a little while to come out but I wasn't really in a hurry to leave. I was excited when it did come out though. The pork had the most wonderful flavor ever. It was drenched in the yummy sauce that they use which was sweet yet spicy. Perfect. The yams were just right and the collard greens were delicious. A California native, I have never had collard greens before but I know for damn sure these were good! The freshly made cakes looked awesome but I was just too full to order a piece. The price was right and the food was great. I think I might need to plan another trip to Charlotte soon so I can eat at Merts again!
4	On a trip to Charlotte, my friends and I needed a restaurant to taste the essence of real down south food.  We happened to be staying blocks from Merts and hoped this would be a positive hit on our travels in NC. BINGO....It was.We first walked through the door  and the hostess was so friendly and pleasant.  I guess she was the poster child for "Southern Hospitality." The place is warm and looks fairly new, but there are pictures all over the wall of different types of people and autographed posters of actors/actresses from Broadway plays from over the years. We ate around 11AM on Saturday, breakfast was still available, as well as lunch items. I opted for lunch items because it had catfish and I am a sucker for catfish from soul food restaurants.  My boyfriend got a breakfast platter and my other friends got fried chicken and salmon cakes.  The catfish was seasoned to perfection.  If it wasn't for the fact that they give you the entire fish, including the tail and bones, I would have ate every single piece of that fish.  However, the fish did fall off the bone easily, but its a mental thing for me.  I did receive mac n cheese with it, which was good as well.  The salmon cakes were good as well.  I did not taste the large portions of fried chicken, but my friend did say it was very good.  Didn't taste the breakfast either, but the plate was squeaky clean after 5 minutes.They have desserts, but we were so full by the time we ate half of our meals that we couldn't even fathom another bite.  But I would love to go there to have their banana pudding or lemon cake again.We tried to go there again on Monday {Labor Day} but it was closed.  I am now trying to move to Charlotte and this restaurant would easily be a Sunday Dinner spot for me.
4	Go to Mert's if you want good southern comfort food!  their cornbread is great and they always have lots of cakes and pies for dessert options.  This place is a Charlotte tradition and if you are visiting town - plan a have at least 1 meal here.
3	This place is pretty good. They cornbread really is all that.  I came here with a friend and ordered the salmoncake as an appetizer, catfish, okra and slaw.  Since I feel that my entree was only a bit above average I'd rate this 3 stars.  For a soul food place this I would definitely come back for the salmon cake and cornbread.  I enjoyed my food and the portions. The waitstaff was helpful and very friendly.  It was an overall pleasant place to have dinner.
5	FFFFANNNNNTAASSSTICCC!!!  Wow, are all of the restaurants in Charlotte like this?  Very, very busy, but we were able to get seated within 30 minutes or so.  Waitress was great.  I ordered the shrimp and grits.  Came in a bowl with two delicious pieces of bread.  Ate every last piece.  Delicious!!  Shared the chocolate cake for dessert.  What a find!  To the woman on the flight from Atlanta to Charlotte, I say "thank you so much."  Can't wait to come back to Charlotte for vacation.
3	Traveling on business I was feeling antsy in the hotel room and decided to get out and explore downtown Charlotte last night. I read on a Chowhound article that Mert's was a good place for a solo diner to get some good local food without feeling weird for eating alone, plus it was Southern Soul Food. The experience started off on a high note with quick, friendly service producing a Carolina Blonde Beer (not local, btw, from Wilkes-Barre, PA) and the pinnacle of the experience: cornbread. The rest of the meal (my shrimp and grits) didn't live up to the hype and so I have to give this place an overall mediocre review.Pros-Cornbread- this stuff is the truth. But I felt it set the bar high as my first  taste of Mert's capabilities. Thus while satisfying enormously with its crumbly sweet goodness and soft buttery mouth feel, it paradoxically set the table for disappointment.-Good Service and Atmosphere - again I was a solo diner and it didn't feel awkward at all. The place is casual, upbeat and friendly. Good for dropping in alone and unannounced.Cons-Salad - the 'garden salad' is billed on the menu as a $2 add-on to your entree. I make a point of regular ruffage while traveling, so I took the bait. What I got was literally a bread plate with about an inch-deep layer of iceberg lettuce, a single slice of cucumber and a plastic cup of ranch dressing. I ordered honey mustard. This was about as 'gardeny' as a plastic-wrapped airplane salad and way too much money for what I got. I usually won't mind paying upwards of $10 for a properly vegetated salad, but for $2 this was wickedly overpriced considering an entire head of this lettuce costs about $1 retail. -Shrimp and Grits - just ok, bordering on the meh. I wanted to like this so badly, to have the Soul Food experience I've been dreaming of. Sadly, this wasn't it. Too much grits, small shrimp lacking freshness and watery sauce throughout.
4	What a great find in Charlotte! Mert's Heart and Soul is just that- a little bit of food love in the city. We went for brunch on a Saturday afternoon. As we pushed open the door- we were greeted by Robin who quickly seated us, took note of my lack of accent and asked where I was from, and got us going with some great cornbread and butter as we sipped our beers and looked over the menu. Breakfast? Lunch? Breakfast? Lunch? Well breakfast won out but only by a fraction of a point as the southern fried chicken and mashed potatoes and green beans were definitely calling to me. But I went with the omelet with ham and cheese and a side of buttermilk pancakes. My dining companion went with the eggs and country ham (ooh- that is some salty ham!) Both were served with a side of home fries. The food was great. But the service was even better. Robin took great care of us, making sure we had everything we needed and told me I just "had to try" the cornbread so she brought that out as well. Loved the music- Sam Cooke, and Sam and Dave played through our entire breakfast adding to the ambiance. This is not a fancy place. But one that serves up good food, with friendly service and reasonable prices. Breakfast for two with drinks ran about $34. Definitely on my list to go back to the next time I'm in Charlotte.
3	I had a very nice brunch here the other day on a weekend trip to Charlotte. The food was very good but the service was ehh. The interior was interesting. I could have easily been in an Ikea on LSD. We ordered eggs over easy with country ham, grits and a biscuit. As well as a bunch of sides (mac and cheese, mashed potatoes, collard greens, catfish, cornbread). The country ham was wayyy too salty but mix it up with the grits and you're back in business. Things that were excellent: the cornbread, the biscuit, and the mashed potatoes. The catfish was ok, it didn't really taste like anything but frying oil. The service was pretty weak. Our waitress forgot to put our side order of catfish in...I know it sounds absurd.. who orders a side of catfish? Anyway, she forgot it and brought us a full catfish meal at the end of our meal which we didn't turn away 'cause it just wasn't worth the trouble. And to top it off she added an extra omelet to our bill. I usually don't check each line item on my bill but I could tell the waitress was a bit of a basket case and was right. I'll be back here the next time I'm in Charlotte.
4	So happy I chose this place for lunch during my day in Charlotte. Fun atmosphere and great food!
4	Cornbread!! So yummy.  We took our friend visiting here for some "soul food" and Mert's did not disappoint.  Come with an appetite!
4	Heard from friends it was just ok, but was hungerin for soul food and wanted to decide for myself. Ordered quarter leg chicken with catfish, sides of collard greens and mac & cheese. Chicken was cooked through but the meat made me think they'd gotten it from a mass market supplier, yet and still no compliants on the taste. Mac & cheese was AweSoMe. Didn't have that stretch-cheese consistensy, more crumblike, no complaints here either. Greens can be made a few different ways, this way wasn't my fave but they weren't nasty, a lil on the tart side but the red onions helped to cut through the taste.After an absence from seafood for years, I wanted to get back in the ring and decided to try catfish for the first time. This was really good. It was breaded well, seasoned too, and not greasy (neither was the chicken). I like the sauce they give even though it probably just mayo & some other type of dressing mixed together. Guy who took my order said the cornbread was on the small side so he gave me two. No recession in this order woohoo! Butter was nice and creamy, cornbread was one of the best I've ever had.When traveling to, look for the big "EAT" sign seen in the pics. The Mert's sign isn't as easy to pinpoint especially while driving. And when you walk in, if it's anything like my visit, expect to see smiles and people ready to serve you.
4	Excellent BBQ, I don't know much about "soul food" but the beef BBQ ribs were awesome and served with Mac and cheese plus red beans. service was very fast and friendly. I love the EAT sign in front.
2	Well--after I was done, and I didn't finish half my plate I decided not to take home the rest and wished I didn't eat the calories I ate the catfish wasn't worth it. I decided to give them one last try on a slice of pound cake to take home with me. It was wrapped up in Saran wrap and put in a box when i opened it, the texture was dry and hard, and it wasn't big enough to charge almost $4...  there were flies everywhere. I won't be back anytime soon
3	Hit up merts for dinner last night..  Had the Fried catfish and Beef rib combo.  Whole fried catfish was a little tough to negociate the bones and didnt not yeald much fish. "The beef rib" was chopped up and in a small pile bones and all.  Like other have said the goodness in in the sides..  Mac and Cheese was real and had a nice crust on the top and the corn bread was good.. athough the piece my wife got looked like it was in the oven a littlel too long and dried out a bit.  Overall decent stop
5	Oh wow. I came for brunch and made the mistake of not ordering one of their signature soul food dishes. The chicken n dumplings looked amazing, and the fried chicken was outstanding.  Now don't get me wrong, my meat lover omelet was a perfect balance of very pronounced flavors, but there are unique offerings that should be tried if you never have before.The cornbread? Wow. The biscuits?  Yum. Sweet tea? But of course.And don't even get me started on the multitude of fresh cobblers and cakes available by the slice...Plus, Bruce Bruce and Anthony Hamilton frequent this place. And if its good enough for Bruce Bruce, its good enough for me. And a friend.
3	Cornbread here is best I've had. BBQ is decent but the fried chicken was soggy and lacked flavor. I've had better in California. Not the best soul food representation for the south.
4	SOUTHERN COOKIN and SOUTHERN HOSPITALITY to the MAX! This Cali girl was floored. When I came in...I thought people confused me for a loyal local...but no...they are just that nice. I had the blackened catfish with rice and veggies. The cornbread was on point! I hope to hit this place up again when I return to Charlotte!
5	We were visiting from San Diego and only in town for one day. Someone recommended Mert's for some good soul food.  Exactly what we were looking for!  The fried green tomatoes and the corn bread were absolutely amazing, I'm still craving them.  Our servers name was Jeremy and he made our experience even better.  We asked him to pick us out some of his favorites, and we were in soul food heaven.  If we ever make it back to Charlotte, Mert's will be our first stop!
5	Definitely a great choice for some good southern food that isn't too expensive.  I use to frequent this restaurant almost weekly before relocating to Arizona.  I must say it's one of the main things I miss about living in Charlotte.  Have yet to find a place like it (especially in Arizona)
5	I might move to Charlotte just so I can eat here every week. Both the atmosphere and food is excellent. Superb low country cuisine!I wanted to eat everything on the menu and nearly did. I ate the lamb chops - unbelievable! Mac and cheese was very good. The desserts just about killed me but I could not pass on them since I knew I was leaving town the next day. If you are anywhere near Charlotte you have to visit this place.
4	Excellent southern food, they welcome you with free cornbread that is delicious.  Skip catfish, pork chop and BBQ.  Go straight to the buttermilk fried chicken strips - amazing.  For sides, the black eyed peas and collard greens are excellent.  You will need a nap after lunch here.
1	I am so sorry to rate Mert's so poorly but after the treatment received today I must admit to extreme disappointment in one of my previously favorite Charlotte establishments.  After being invited repeatedly via automated email marketing, I decided to go with a group of friends to celebrate my birthday with lunch at Mert's.  After the most interesting discussion (!) with manager (?) I discovered that I did not have the necessary "proof" to rate the birthday "deal" in spite of having a valid NC driver license clearly showing my date of birth.  In today's economy, I was stunned that any food establishment would take such a tack with a good paying customer!  No worries on seeing my dollars at Mert's ever again.  To many restaurants want my patronage.-cheers
1	Would never go back!  I was in a party of 3 that was seated at a table for 4, and was then asked if we could move to accommodate another group.  Okay, not a big deal.  However, it all went down hill from there.  Our waitress was nice and polite, but we waited for close to an hour and still nothing showed up at our table.  The people that were sitting at our original table had been served and had already left.  We asked our waitress a number of times why we weren't getting our food, and she kept apologizing and saying "it's on it's way."  But it never came.  It wasn't like we ordered anything unusual, it was eggs, sausage and toast.  The whole thing was weird because others were getting served, and their food was arriving at their table.  Finally, we just said thanks, but no thanks and left.
4	Food was VERY good. We had a picky eater with us who claimed he did NOT like "greens."  Our waitress Paris suggested he try their greens. He did. He now loves greens! I had some, too, and they were very good. The cornbread is also very good. And the fried chicken. Actually, everything we ate was very good. I ordered the catfish and was reluctant at first since they give you a whole fish and I feared getting the meat off the bones. Nothing to fear; the flesh slides so effortlessly off the bone that it was a pleasure eating it - and quite tasty with that "special sauce." Paris waited on us hand and foot. She had good suggestions from the menu and she kept our beverage glasses full. She was very friendly and a delight to have serve us.We dined outside since there was a nice cool gentle breeze blowing. I wish the outside ambiance was nicer; maybe they can surround it with more potted trees/shrubs to block it from the street. I would recommend eating here if you like good home-cooked food.
4	Good soul food in a great downtown setting. Not the best I've tasted but darn good. The cornbread is outstanding.
5	Like I said before, I can only rate a place by tasting their chicken salad and Mert's chicken salad was AWESOME! The grits was delicious and the omelette serving was perfect (not too big, in other words, the appropriate amount a typical American should eat). For dessert, my friend and I had a slice of sweet potato cake and it tastes very similar to carrot cake - extremely rich and delicious!
4	I went to Mert's for lunch based off the reviews here and recommendations from coworkers.  I wasn't disappointed.  Mert's has an atmosphere that is trying to look like a dive diner, but comfortable and clean as well.  The atmosphere works well here.   I ordered the jumbo chicken wings with greens and mac-n-cheese as my sides.  The chicken wings were big and fried crispy, the greens were very tasty as was the mac-n-cheese.  The cornbread has to be some of the best I have ever had.  The greeens and mac-n-cheese were not the best I have ever had, but they were right up towards the top of my list.  The place was fairly busy as I expected and the service was OK.  I recieved my drink and food promptly, but my server never checked back.  I never really needed anything so I didn't suffer, but I can't give 5 stars because of that.  If you like good home cooked goodness then Mert's is the place to go.
5	As a Yankee, I know I don't know soul cooking. But, Mert's was very good and gave me and my group a really good taste of it.I was in Charlotte for a conference. One of our keynote speakers had recommended Mert's to everyone earlier that day (she mentioned it before she began her presentation). That night, there were about 30-40 conference attendees at Mert's.We had Paris as our server, and she was awesome. Very helpful, very personable and quite fun. My group of 7 ordered fried green tomatoes, the crab cakes and the soul rolls as an appetizer. All were very good (the sauce on the soul rolls made them, I think).While the service was 'slow' to me, I'm used to a very quick/structured/hurried meal. I chalked it up to the southern charm and the place being extremely busy.I tried the Carolina BBQ; super yummy. Others in my group got the creole, fried catfish and the salmon and grits (this gal lives in SC and said it was phenomenal). We shared a giant piece of red velvet cake... yummmmm!There definitely was the sales pitch for buying t-shirts, but it obviously worked as four of us did.If I'm ever in Charlotte again, I'll definitely hit up Mert's for a meal.
4	Mert's was recommended to us by both visitors to Charlotte and a resident of Charlotte. It felt like a low-key, local spot, which I love. We ordered the fried tomatoes and soul rolls for the appetizers, but they messed up our order and gave us the soul sampler instead. That included a soul roll, corn bread, ribs, and chicken. The tomatoes were good in my opinion but my friend said he'd had better (he lived in Atlanta for several years). For dinner I had the fried catfish and chicken leg quarter, with the mac & cheese and cole slaw on the side. I did not like the cole slaw at all...I think it had pickles in it and that threw off the taste for me. Mac and cheese=awesome. The chicken and catfish were both average...tasty but nothing I would HAVE to return for. We were SO full after it all, but still ordered some cake to go. They have several cake options, including lemon, orange, strawberry, and sweet potato. I went with the sweet potato with cream cheese frosting. Very tasty but not much different than carrot cake minus the raisins & nuts.Our server was such a sweetheart so that made the experience 4 stars for me!
4	Went here yesterday for dinner. Had the pork chops, red beans, mac n cheese, and corn bread. Corn bread was soft and delicious. Pork chop was thin and had enough seasoning on it for me. Overall I was pretty happy with my selection. The waitress was friendly and I'd go here again.
4	Fried pork chops, why did you taste so good?  I had already had too much fried food...but you were too delicious to not be eaten.The worst part of the meal was when the waitress came over, while I was gnawing on the bone, and took away my plate, where there was an ungnawed on bone still sitting there.Delicious memories, yet so bittersweet.
5	Wow. This place is excellent!I grew up in Charlotte and sadly, never discovered this place until after I moved away. I heard a couple of great recommendations, and my family decided to try it out. The meal starts out with some outstanding cornbread, so buttery it seems light and almost melts in your mouth. We also got a fried green tomato appetizer, which was really good. Between the four of us we had 2 orders of salmon cakes (delish), fried chicken, and ribs, and probably one of each of the sides. I would definitely recommend the salmon cakes again, fried chicken and ribs are a bit heavy for me but my dad and brother went to town. Everything was really good and made me lament living so far away from good southern cookin'.Then there was dessert. While my mom, brother and I were unbuttoning the top button of our pants and trying to make a little bit more room, my dad was going strong. We ended up with a slice of sweet potato cake (divine!) and a slice of coconut cake to take home for later. The waitress told us that all of the cakes are made by a woman in her home, and we could just imagine what her house must smell like... Our server was super friendly and comfortable; she was really nice but not in the kind of way where she was trying too hard. Love love loved it. I will look forward to coming back on each visit home!
4	Had breakfast here, super yummy southern biscuits!  Looks a little dingy but that's the charm.
5	Always friendly, the staff here will usually go out of their way to make sure you have a great meal. Everything I've tried is great, but special note goes to the cornbread and the catfish. The collard greens are also great, slightly tangy and with a good feel, not overcooked. This is soul food without going overboard on salt and fat. Of course, they are there, just not as much as some soul food places.  I wish they had pie.
3	Food is decent. But, the people are super nice.
4	Sophisticated soul food but great.  Ambiance is classic with a downtown location.  I got the fried chicken, patatoe salad (not traditional but very good) and the collard greens are spectacular with a twist (a little onion and tomatoe on top).
2	Wanted to like this place. Staff very friendly. Reasonable prices. Quick service. But plates were dirty. Table dirty. Food just OK.
5	That was just about the most amazing comfort food I have ever had. The corn bread was sweet, warm and served with soft butter... I had the beef stew on a bed of the most wonderful rice ever. For a side I chose yams... which came with a sweet sauce, perfect for dipping the corn bread in... And for dessert... sweet potato cake with cream cheese frosting.The service was super friendly, and the atmosphere low key and warm.This place is a treat... I will definitely be going back!
4	Great comfort food!  Really cool find downtown near the train, museums, etc.  Love it!
4	I miss working downtown... Mert's is one of the reasons why.Aside from the crowd that it attracts (sometimes it's hard got get a table from what I remember).... everything is very likable at Mert's.  Comfort food galore!  The place is tucked in the middle of a block, but once you find it, you'll definitely remember where to go when you are hungry.  I also remember the staff being very good, speedy (to get people in and out) and friendly.
3	I love Mert's.  They have the BEST cornbread I've ever had, ever.  The fried chicken is crispy and juicy.  The mac and cheese is perfect, the mashed potatoes are creamy.  The service is great.But it's cursed.  Both times I've taken a boyfriend there, he's broken up with me within 2 weeks.  WHY?!  I'm afraid to go back there now, unless it's with friends.  Also, the first time I went the server accidentally broke the heat lamp right above the food...she stared at it as if she didn't know just what to do, and just picked a few pieces of glass out of the greens...which ended up being MY greens, so I didn't eat them. But my mouth is watering at this very moment thinking about that cornbread.
4	I was referred to Mert's and decided to blow off my search for the greatest calamari ever from my last trip to Charlotte...was too cold to wander around downtown.  I'll get back for calamari later.First off, the cornbread was great!  It was moist but not mushy.  Hate cornbread that sucks all the moisture out of your mouth or is hard as a brick.  Started with fried green tomatoes -- a new item per the menu!  5 slices to the plate with yummy remoulade.  Then came the shrimp and grits.  Also really good.  Was too full for dessert but took a piece of lemon cake to go thinking that I'd eat it at the airport for breakfast.  Ended up making it all the way home with it.  Still good and very lemony.  Jerry was my waiter. He's the man!  Prompt and polite service without being overbearing.
5	In my humble opinion, Merts has the best fried chicken around. I love it so much that I order it every time there! Their mashed potatoes are the kind that are very chunky,...love! You know that it's homemade when you get that. Their Collards are plentiful with a spicy, tangy flavor. The Peach Cobbler was an exceptional dish all on it's own.  It wasn't just regular peach cobbler, there were hints of orange zest and ginger.   Next time, I vow to try something different and hope to resist the urge to order the fried chicken again!
4	No doubt am I fan. Whether this LBD is craving mac and cheese or collard greens, I know where to go.I usually order online on "uptown2go", so I know to give it about 20 minutes before collecting my meal. Lately, I have been a huge fan of their bbq sandwich. It comes on top of a buttered roll. Now if that doesn't get it poppin, what does?Being a northern boy, I never really had the opportunity to munch out on some soul food. Let me tell you, this place has gotten me addicted to collard greens. They also have good beans and cornbread. And when I want some beans and cornbread, I will go to Mert's for some beans and cornbread. If it wasn't for their beans and cornbread, I'd go somewhere else for my beans and cornbread.LBD Scale- Easy 8. Now doubt in my mind that this place is a trademark southern soul food boutique. If there's any other places that you recommend, holla at me. But right this second, I'm all about Mert's. I WANT SOME MERT'S IN MY MOUTH!
5	Absolutely amazing. It's hard for me to find something I want without changing a million things around, but Mert's had plenty of choices for me just the way they came. Even if I wanted to be picky, the waitress was more than happy to accommodate and she was on top of her game. Love Mert's and have to go back soon!
4	Last year I remembered that this place had a line out the door. We waited last year and we waited this year too. Why? Because Mert's is worth it! We were lined up outside for about 20 minutes this time, but found entertainment in a street hustle, where some character asks to see if you have a 100 dollar bill and if so he invites you to bet it by guessing which of 3 bottle caps has a red pill underneath. I was so glad to get in when we did, really not trying to get caught up in a street brawl just in case both that red pill and main man's 100 dollar bill disappeared all at once. So we're seated. I ordered a sweet tea, collard greens, mac n cheese, fried catfish, and BBQ beef riblets. Sounds like alot, but the portions are equivalent to a plate of food at a cook out. Nonetheless I was stuffed! The collard greens are excellent, you can taste a little vinegar and they top them with tomato and onion if you don't protest. I enjoyed everything, mac n cheese thick n cheesy, ribs-tender sauce -sweet, the catfish was good n crisp, however I like a slightly spicier batter. But other than that, two thumbs up!! The surroundings are pleasant, you see lots of young people laughing and having fun, and proud accomplished HBCU alumni telling their stories around the table! An American dream, the culture here is so rich. This place is worthy of a visit from one of those Food Network Road Scholars for sure! Totally SATISFYING; where else can 5 grown ups eat for $80? If yall don't know you better ask somebody :0) Mert's is all that!
4	What I Ate:Fried Chicken, BBQ Beef Rib, Sweet Potatoes, Greens, Corn Bread, Homemade LemonadeAwesome Southern food for downtown.  The food was incredibly tasty and the interior is a old style diner.  The servers were helpful in picking the right foods.
4	By far one of the best soul food restaurants in Charlotte!  Try the red beans/rice and turkey sausage, shrimp/grits or ribs and u won't be upset.  Diabetic onset sweet-tea and lemonade are sooo refreshing to wash down this soul-food.  Prices are very reasonable and you will nvr leave there hungry.  Service is great and I alwayz park in the parking deck around the corner.
4	Would it be inapporpriate for me to bring in a miniture sized crown and place it on an order of their mac n cheese? I hope not because I really think Mert's has the best mac n cheese in Charlotte! Creamy, cheesey, comforting, their mac n cheese has it all! I haven't been to Mert's in a couple of years but ventured in this past wk and it was just as good as I remembered it . Solid place for a down home lunch and the prices are pretty cheap. I used to get their pulled pork but this last time I saw the server bring out their BLT to another table and food envy hit immediately! Never would I order a BLT at a restaurant but when you put the BLT on a focaccia bread, I am all over that bad boy. Pair that up with the mac n cheese and I could only finish half of my sandwich and walked out with a tab less than $7. Next time I'll be saving room for their red velvet cake or banana cream pudding-totally worth clogging my arteries over!
4	Extremely tasty food.  I inhaled my plate of salmon cakes, mac and cheese and mashed potatoes.  The cornbread was tasty and buttery.  The service was fast and friendly, the sweet tea was syrupy sweet and the interior is very entertaining.My sister enjoyed a dessert - was it sweet potato cake?  Something that seemed a bit odd to me.As far as uptown southern goes, I'd say Mert's is your spot for casual, friendly, quick but still very tasty - a nice place to hang out with friends.  King's is better for dressy and classy.
4	We were in Charlotte for a basketball game and to celebrate my son's 20th birthday party.  We were a party of four and  a friend recommended Mert's.  It is not a very huge place at all and it was jammed packed when we got there but we sat almost immediately.  The decor is really cool and service is warm and friend from the time you walkj through the door.The food is very good!  Not the place you want to go if you are on a strict diet because just about EVERYTHING is fried or fattening but this is the place you go to when you are off the diet wagon lol. They do have salads if you can stand to eat that healthy while your friends and family eat fried catfish and cornbread  :)We loved the Soul RolIs as an Appetizer.  I had the blackened Salmon which was just okay for me. I was looking for more blackened seasoning for a little kick of spice, but it was ok.  My sweetie is a Lousiana man so he had okra and tomatoe, Shrimp creole and fried catfish. He is a better cook than me believe it or not and he said Mert's did a good job.  He loved it. My sons had fried fish french fries collards.   I loved the flavor of the greens  and I am a good cook so I can throw down on some collards. Mert's did the greens some justice for sure!   My family thoroughly enjoyed their meals and the cornbread and everyone left quite  full!  The prices are VERY affordable so even those on a very tight budget could go here.  and we had a wonderful, attentive and funny waitress named Paris!!!!  I would definitely go back (when I'm off the diet wagon) and would recommend this place to anyone who likes soul food!
4	Mamma better slap me, because I just sinned... Let me explain, I just got spoiled, I was rewarded with delicious food, and I didn't do anything to deserve it.  You heard me, landed in Charlotte and after checking into my hotel, I decided to B-Line it to Mert's; because there was a need in me to have some good food, and I got delicious food.  First let me comment on the service... it was genuinely amazing.  I was promptly seated, and the hospitality was refreshing.  The server helped me patiently figure out what was good, and we settled on Southern Fried Chicken, Collard Greens and Mac & Cheese.  The Cornbread came out first, and it was mildly sweet, and tasty. Let's break down the meal.Fried Chicken:  From the moment I took my first bite of the chicken breast, it was perfect cooked, juicy and hot, the meat was lightly battered, and the batter that was on it, was seasoned well.  It was a one of the better pieces of friend chicken I have had, not dry at all.   I would eat this every day, if I lived here, and I didn't have to worry about eating fried foods.  Recommendation, eat it, yum. Collard Greens:  I've had collard greens before, and this was good as most.  Admittedly, never had it with tomato before, but it was still delicious.  I liked the flavor, and the greens were tender, soft but with a nice bite.  The portion of the side was right, and complemented the chicken right.Mac and Cheese: Yes Sir, this stuff was creamy, delicious, sauce done with tons of cheese flavor.  It was cooked right, because you don't see any sauce/oil separation.  In fact, all you do is taste the various textures, from the small clumps of cheese, to the noodles which are just cooked past al dente, but not much after.  It's like creamy goodness, yummy heaven, sometimes, I think you can make Mac and Cheese just the entire meal. Here we go, I love good food... but like a good infomercial... THERE'S MORE!What in the world is a Sweet Potato Cake?  That's lovely stuff, I had some, and it's like a tasty and the cream cheese frosting was amazing.  I think they spiked it, crazy amazing, not overly sweet, the texture was nice, and it melts in the mouth.Here's the kicker; I ate all the food and this doesn't really happen much, but it was perfect portion.  I'm 6'1, about 225lbs, and I thought all this southern comfort food would leave me heavy; but nope, it was just the right amount, and all for 15 dollars, with a coke.  Like many other Yelpers, KICK ASS food. Location isn't easy to find at first, but you want food, and you are in downtown, make this a perfect spot, for you and all your friends.
2	SUMMARY:  This was about the 6th time I've dined at Mert's.  First time since joining Yelp.  I was disappointed by the exceptionally long time it took for dinner to be brought to our table and by the terrible version of BBQ they offer.  DETAILS:We were promptly seated and had our drink order taken.  The drinks came right, and the appetizer (soul sampler) came out in a very reasonable time.  But it took at least another 20 minutes (maybe even 30) to get our entrees: BBQ with sides, and blackened pork chops with sides. And while the sides and chops all got good comments, we did NOT like the very molasses-heavy BBQ.  This is nothing like I've ever eaten in North or South Carolina (and I'm a native).  That needs to be revamped or better disclaimed on the menu.Anyway, so unlike my previous visits, I left very disappointed and unfortunately, left my out-of-town friends with a bad impression of what has usually been a good place.
5	Love this place!! Food was great!! Fried whiting-Meaty, seasoned well and ooooo so delectable Mac and cheese-cheesy, tasty and just plain ol good Greens-good but didn't really care for the chopped onion and tomatoes a bit tart, next time I will try their string beans Cornbread-SOOOOO tasty, moist and sweet! My boyfriend got fried chicken, salmon cakes, mac and cheese and yams and he almost bit his fingers off!! He loved his meal Service was great, the owner is so nice and friendly My only gripe is that their isn't a location in Maryland :-( I will def be back next time I'm in Charlotte!!
4	All I can say is YUMMM!!! My fiance and I are new to Charlotte so this was our first try at true Southern style soul food. Mert's was not a disappointment. The service was friendly. Very cozy southern feeling atmosphere. Very casual and chill and best of all, not overpriced! Biggest recommendations: The cornbread is to die for!!! OMG! The chicken is wonderful and the mac and cheese is soooo good! Definitely worth checking out!
5	Mert's deserves all of the love it is getting and more. I visit every few months for their awesome beef ribs, mac and cheese, and collard greens (I'm a collard fanatic, and these may be my favorite anywhere - and they are veg!). Lots of other good stuff on the menu as well - Soul Rolls, Chicken Tenders, Salmon Cakes, to name a few - but the ribs are hard to pass up.What really puts my love for Mert's over the top though is the ownership and the consistently good service.Last night, we visited, and although both Mother's Day and JCSU graduation meant they were packed, we were seated quickly, served promptly, and left happy. It was not the only time we have been impressed with the friendliness of everyone at Mert's!
4	Ard took a picture of his beef ribs with his Blackberry. Five minutes later: "It's got 25 Likes! Damn, people are hungry! The economy *is* bad!"If a mere picture of Mert's ribs gets 25 likes, imagine how many their flavor would get. We stopped by after the wildly entertaining nuttiness of Speed Street. After a couple of beers on a hot night, all you need is grease to soak up the booze. That said, Mert's delivered, not greasy food, but high-quality, delicious, heavy Southern food that will absorb anything left in your system, and leave some cholesterol as a gift with purchase. I got the Soul Rolls, essentially soulified egg rolls, with black eye peas, collard greens, rice, and a wee bit of diced chicken breast (though I didn't taste much of the chicken. Could have just been my particular rolls, tho). The others got varying dishes of fried chicken and beef ribs, with sides of fries, mac & cheese, collard greens, and the works. "You know, if I worked here, they would find me in the back with my head in a bucket of this mac & cheese," Ard said.Yep, basically. Some of the best mac & cheese I've ever had in a restaurant. Service is great here, too. Everyone was so patient with the troops of drunk teenagers who wandered in to use the bathroom, despite the sign on the door that read, "Bathrooms for paying customers only." Our server, Netta, made sure that I ordered first, as a fellow Netta. So nice! I think there's enough reviews here to cover ambiance, so I won't go on about that. But Mert's is cozy and the food is delish. Go enjoy!
5	I had the pleasure of taking a coworker to Mert's for her first time today. We had an amazing lunch! The place was packed but we didn't have to wait. The waitresses were super busy with big parties who were there for their Sunday afternoon meals but were no less charming and friendly.I've been once before and I highly recommend the Fried Green Tomato appetizer that I had last time. The chicken is excellent as is the cornbread. I had Salmon Cakes today and they were out of this world! The mac and cheese is delicious as are the greens and green beans. I could have drank a gallon of their sweet tea but I'm glad I stuck with two. We shared a piece of German Chocolate Cake for dessert. I was good and the whipped cream on the side just melted in my mouth.I don't know why I waited so long to make a return visit but trust me, I'm going to make it a priority to get back there soon!
4	This place serves excellent Low Country/Country Cooking dishes at reasonable prices - at least the prices are reasonable at lunch, $7 - $9 for a entree which comes with 2 sides and corn bread.The Fried Chicken is excellent, The Ribs are as well, and I love the Salmon Cakes. The Fried Catfish is good, any of the Po' Boys are worth trying. The Fried Green Tomato app is nice, not as tart as some, but still good. The Collards are not to my liking, and  I've tried them twice.The Shrimp and Grits are nice, rich and creamy. But, I was disappointed in the Shrimp Creole, was bland and watery. Service here is excellent, even when this place is busy, which it always seems to be. The ambiance is homey, though it can get a little loud.
5	First let me say FREE PARKING!!!! The food was great the service was excellent the potato salad was just wonderful. The staff was super friendly the atmosphere was perfect.
3	Food was good, came out fast, and good service.  Some of the dishes stood out more than others, but if ever in the neighborhood again, would come back to try out some other dishes.  The location was right in downtown, but there was no problem finding on-street parking on a week night around dinner time.  We ordered the Soul Sampler, the Southern Sampler, and a side of collard greens, and some sweet tea.  I liked their sweet tea, with the perfect amount of sweetness.  The corn bread lives up to the hype, it had a nice crusty outside and soft inside, and came with soft butter with just a hint of sweetness.  As for the Soul sampler - I didnt care of the "soul rolls" (they were like eggrolls with collard greens inside), and the ribs were not your normal ribs (lots of tendons in the meat), but the buttermilk chicken was crispy outside and very tender inside.  As for the Southern sampler - the salmon cakes were flavorful, I liked them, though my hubby thought they were too soggy.  Nothing remarkable about the chicken wings or the fried green tomatoes.  FYI - it seems like each sampler, only comes with 1 piece of cornbread, so if you need more for your party, you may need to order additional as sides. As for the collard greens, the portion was plentiful, but it was too vinegary for my taste.
4	Well, this was my first meal in Charlotte, and it kicked my trip off right.First off, the cornbread may be the very best I have ever had. Perfect texture, a little salty, a little sweet, and hot. Add some sweet butter, and holy moly!We stopped in for lunch, and the service was a little slow, but there was a huge party, so that impacted things a bit. I had the chopped pork, steamed cabbage, and mashed potatoes.  The only thing that disappointed was the gravy. Everything else was so, so good.The whole deal, including iced tea was $8.00, which is not far off what we pay for mcdonald's back home.  Yum!
5	Soul Food gone Gourmet!!!Walking by Mert's on my way to the Epicenter, then on my way out of the Epicenter I decided to eat here and am very glad I did!  It was a hot day and I asked for a lot of water - She brought me TWO!!!  I drank almost three!  They were real busy and I sat at a table with two ladies I had never met before (very cool and bold for the waitress to do instead of making me wait)! Though the place was packed the service was "Faster than a Speeding Ticket" and great!  Everyone was very friendly and seemed to be happy to be there!Here is what I had for lunch today:  Corn Bread like CAKE with butter!  Jerk Seasoned Chopped Pork Barbecue with their "Secret Sauce".  Macaroni and Cheese (the Baked kind) and Collard Greens garnished with Onions, Tomatoes, and Bacon.  All made "with Love"  It was all Incredible!!!For Dessert I had Fried Chicken!!!
4	This place is great!  I'm always 95% satisfied with the food here.   Service is very friendly and fast.  And you can't beat the prices!  Daily specials are very good!   I think everyone should give Mert's a try.
5	Oh Mert's what a great place for me to checkout on my trip to Charlotte. I wanted some hardcore authentic bbq and Mert's was my destination of choice.I ordered their legendary ribs, a side of pulled pork, collared greens and a slice of cornbread.The ribs were great, hearty, fresh and tasty all around cooked to perfection. I was also a big fan of the collared greens, they were the best I have ever tasted.Mert's is an awesome spot located right in downtown Charlotte. You really can't go wrong with choosing Mert's, everything on their menu was great.Had a fun time in Charlotte and an awesome meal at Mert's!
5	I dropped in early on a Saturday morning for their brunch, and Mert's indeed definitely has heart and soul. Everyone was really busy and happy, even at 9AM. The service is great, the food is fairly priced, and the "advertisement" appeal does not entirely overwhelm the experience.The brunch fare did not sound particularly appetizing, since eggs are not my favorite dish. I went with a vegetable plate of home fries, yams, collards, and mac and cheese. Best decision possible. $7? Crazy.With your meal, they bring out their famous cornbread. It is super moist and crumbly on the inside, and it is served piping hot. There is a touch of crunchy crust on the outside; awesome.The macaroni and cheese has some awesome gooey crust mixed in throughout the large scoop. The collards have onions and tomatoes for a fresh taste. The home fries are a bit different than hash browns: soft and heavily seasoned. The yams have a bit too much sauce; they were a bit too sticky, though nice and creamy.I also tried a sweet potato pancake. It was slightly bland, but I liked the fluffy texture and little bits of crispness along the ring.Mert's is quite the institution in Charlotte, so I am sure that it is split between locals and tourists. No matter how touristy it gets, I am certain that it is going to stay for a long time. The service, food, and price make it a great dining experience. It is different, but just as enjoyable as eating your soul food in a Southern diner with grease on the walls.
4	This place is really good.  The staff was great, food fresh, and a great menu.  I will always return whenever in Downtown.
4	Wow! So glad I found this place. Took mom and dad here to give them their first taste of soul food and they cleaned the plate. Honesty, there was not one crumb of cornbread left. We ordered and shared the fried chicken and bbq ribs. The meat just fell off the bone. Yum. Had collards and macncheese for sides. Oh, they ordered the sweet potato pudding but we all thought it was too sweet. Overall, great place for dinner. Will definitely return.
5	the best soul food place i've been to.  Corn bread has the texture of pound cake, but still has the corn flavor. Fried chicken is perfect, collard greens nice and vinegary.  German chocolate cake is moist and delicious!  I went two nights in a row for dinner!  Highly recommended.
4	This spot is a must go to whenever I'm in Charlotte. The mac&cheese is sooo good. And i just had the soft crab po boy and it was awesome!!! Shrimp and grits are a favorite though i must admit they weren't as good this time as the last, but still good nonetheless.
4	yumm!!! love the fried chicken, corn bread and collard greens.  staff were super nice and friendly. total southern hospitality!
1	To sum up my recent trip to Mert's...pretty delicious food yet poor customer service. The only fast service was for the drinks and cornbread. Our waiter was very inconsistent and neglecting us. There were at least four tables with more than three customers which received their entrees before my girlfriend and I did. It will be a very long time before I go to Merts again.
4	GOOD food! I recommend the salmon cakes, greens, mac n cheese. Their cornbread is amazing, as well!The ambiance is something out of an old soul's home...amazing pictures of celebrities who've been in town & the soul music overhead is so good!The staff is friendly & attentive.Keep in mind, they stay pretty busy for lunches & dinners.What's REALLY good is their New Year's brunch, every Jan. 1st. $20 for all you can eat buffet!
3	Mert's is one of those places you would see on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. The decor has a quintessential southern comfort feel and will make any out of towner feel welcome. I don't suggest eating lunch here though; if it happens, it's a wrap. You'll be knocked out like a newborn after boobie feeding. Service is good, food is decent and overall an okay spot to grab a meal.
4	This is one of those places you can go at lunch time and run into everyone from your local car detailer to power-brokers like the former CEO of NationsBank (now Bank of America).  The food is absolutely delish, but be warned - your clothes and hair will smell of southern-fried goodness when you leave. If you are craving good ole soul food - aka southern "comfort foods" this place is a must-try!
5	I went to Mert's with a large group.  We were looking for a great dinner place with local flavor while attending a conference in Charlotte.Oh. My.  What a great find!Our table shared a plate of salmon cakes as an appetizer.  They were tasty, crisp yet moist, strong salmon flavor but nicely seasoned.  The remoulade served alongside was incredible.  I ordered the BBQ pulled pork, with mac'n'cheese and home fries as my sides.  The pork was amazing -- quite sweet, with just the right amount of spice.  The mac'n'cheese is DIVINE, creamy and cheesy and carbohydrate love in every bite.  The home fries were alright, but not as outstanding as the pork or mac.  And of course, the cornbread was wonderful, but sweeter than I expected.The staff and ambience were friendly and welcoming, even for a huge group on a busy evening.  They moved tables around to seat us right away.  I will definitely return to Mert's if I'm in the area again.
3	Highly, highly overrated! I'm from Louisiana, so I'm a tough critic. I ordered Blackened Pork Chops and it was just okay. Also, we smelled like a grease kitchen for the rest of the day. Best advice is to dine outside! Best piece of lunch was the cornbread.
4	Mert's you certainly captured my heart, soul...no way...but heart, yes ma'am! I ordered the Fried Chicken breast with Mac n Cheese & Collard Greens on the side. The chicken was tender and the fried chicken shell the perfect mix of crispy with the juicy chicken meat. The mac & cheese was so utterly delicious it nearly stole the show. It was so creamy. They have hot sauce on every table, a great sign that you're about to experience good soul food. Sure 'nuff, the meal did not disappoint. The cornbread was out of this world good. I was so full after all that food, dessert was out of the question but they had some really amazing looking cakes. Next time I'm in Charlotte I will definitely be making a pit stop!
3	Highly, highly overrated! I'm from Louisiana, so I'm a tough critic. I ordered Blackened Pork Chops and it was just okay. Also, we smelled like a grease kitchen for the rest of the day. Best advice is to dine outside! Best piece of lunch was the cornbread.
3	Great place for lunch when you're craving soul food in the Queen City.I came here with a coworker for lunch, and had the fried shrimp po boy and macaroni and cheese.  Runs for about $7ish dollars.  The mac and cheese was okay, nothing special, and the po boy was exactly what you would expect it to be.  The cornbread is good, but for some reason I still prefer Boston Market's..... ha.All in all it was a satisfying lunch, but nothing that I would go crazy over.
4	We went here while in downtown Charlotte.  It was pretty good soul food.  I had fried chicken, mac and cheese, and mashed potatoes, however the cornbread they brought the whole table was the best thing I had.  Our waitress was very nice and accommodating.  Eating outside was nice as well.  It was very affordable for a downtown spot too.  If you are looking for some good home cooking in the city, you should check out Mert's.
5	I love this little place. I went in there because it was next to the hotel I was staying at. I was very pleasantly surprised by the helpful staff and delicious and affordable food. The waitress gave me great recommendations and was very friendly.I had the salmon cake which was so moist and flavor. Their homemade sauce added even more flavor to the already flavorful salmon cake (I just couldn't get enough of it). The vinegary collard greens had diced onion/tomato sprinkled on top. The corn bread was fluffy and sweet, and on the more moist side (although I have had better - in Boston's Oyster's House to be specific). The Okra & tomatoes was good, but I guess I'm just not a fan of the flavor of Okra, so I would have to say that was my least favorate item of my meal. The entire dinner was just over 10 bucks. Now my stomach is full and happy :)!
3	This pIace earns points for (if nothing else) being open past 8pm on Sunday. I just moved uptown and was in the process of doing some unpacking when hunger struck. As I was unprepared to cook and uptown seems to become a ghost town embarrassingly early on Sunday nights I started walking, not even wanting pizza, towards Fuel thinking it the only place certain to be open. So imagine my surprise when I saw from across the street that Mert's was still open!I have very little experience with soul food but always wanted to try the place. I expected to pay a bit more than I usually would for a quick dinner but figured it would be worth it to have something different for take-out that I could pick up quickly on foot. Price being my primary concern I ended up getting the shrimp po-boy and a side of mac and cheese. There were things that looked better but I ended up only paying about $7 and was very satisfied. Get the mac and cheese; it's delicious!
4	OMG.  The best!  We love this place!  We visit a couple times per year on business trips to Charlotte.  Service is great and consisten (same folks year to year).  Fried chicken was THE BEST....unless of course you are talking homemade cakes.  We usually sneak a couple slices back to our hotel room.  WE LOVE THIS PLACE
5	I'm going to *try* to keep this brief.  First of all, I'm kind of surprised the reviews are just "so-so" for this place, because I was really happy with the whole experience.  I had the lamb chops, and they were well seasoned and cooked perfectly. I was chewing on the bones, which is not typical for me in public. The collard greens are comparable to my grandma's (rural Alabama). The mac and cheese tastes like it's homemade (not Boston Market, not Velveeta, but the real deal). I also tasted the okra and tomatoes and the yams -- everything was just right. Ever been to Je's in Newark? For the last 10 years I've been looking for a place that compares to it, and I finally found it at Mert's. Excellent service -- our waiter actually had real conversation with us and treated us so kindly. Same thing at check-out.  We WILL be back. I highly recommend this place.
3	Mert's has been around for some time now and they still remain the same in that it's all in what you order which will determine whether you're going to like them or not.  Some things are really good like the cornbread, soul rolls, and salmon cakes but some things are just ok like the mac n cheese, greens, and chicken.  The service is always pleasant and their dedicated patrons will keep them among the soul food favorites in Charlotte.
4	Awesome fried chicken.I really wanted to go to Price's but since the conference I was attending ended pretty late, I had to get my chicken fix somewhere else and ended up at Mert's.I got there around 8 and found the restaurant to be somewhat empty.  Rather than eating there, I decided I would have a better time eating back at my hotel since there wasn't much going on at the restaurant.  It wasn't until on the walk back I realized that the steam from the hot foods probably softened up the fried chicken!  I was prepared to be disappointed...BUT the amazing thing was that the chicken leg quarter that I ordered was not only juicy, but the skin had somehow retain much of it's crispiness.  As I start to gnaw into the fried chicken, with each bite I was amazed at how flavorful it is.  Didn't need any sauce or anything, it was tasty as is.  Like I mentioned, the chicken is juicy.  Dark meat is always the way to go for me for fried chicken!With the fried chicken, I also got to choose two sides, so I went for the yams and mac & cheese.  Lots of spices for the yams, and I like how it still retained its chunky form.  As for the mac & cheese, I only liked the part where the cheese had caramelized.  Not too special to me.It also comes with this awesome cornbread and softened sweet butter.  Cornbread + butter is seriously one of the best combos.  I know butter is good with a lot of things, but when you have a tasty cornbread, butter just enhances it so well!Even with it steaming in its own heat for around 10 minutes as I walked back to the hotel, the chicken was still awesome.  I can only imagine how great it would've been if I ate there!
4	Super friendly service and very quick! Food was good (i had the southern sampler). Cornbread was A+I just wish the ventilation was a little better inside, but if you don't mind smelling like fried food, then all around, this place is wonderful!! :-)
5	If only there wasn't a person growing inside me... I so wanted to eat everything on my plate, and could only cry to myself as I watched Andrew finish off the last morsels of yummy-ness. The cornbread: Warm, fresh, delicious.The mac'n'cheese: How it should be - gooey cheesiness with a slightly crunchy top reminding you of how lovingly prepared it is.The chopped pork: droooooooool.Be prepared to be squished though, it's tight spaces and big, loud crowds enjoying their meal, so if you don't like being cozy, then stay outside.
5	Visiting Charlotte and asked for recommendations for Soul food and we were sent to Mert's. And Mert's did not disappoint. The service was amazing friendly and warm like I was coming to their house. We came at 9pm on a Thursday, it closes at 930pm. But the waiter made sure we knew we didn't have to rush because there was over an hour of cleaning etc to doNow let's talk about the food. About the amazingness of it. My girlfriend and I got two different things and shared. I'll list in order our favorites. 1. Collard Greens- they were the best I've ever had. They were just done perfect.2. Fried Catfish- it was cooked and breaded perfectly. 3. Fried chicken- followed closely by the fried chicken, breaded light but perfectly.Those 3 were my favorite after that the others were good but not as mind blowing. Solid mac n cheese, yams, okra and cornbread with whipped butter...mmmm..My girlfriend got the salmon cakes they were the only thing that was a disappointment.  Not bad but they were whatever, we killed everything on the plates except the salmon cakes. They had a microbrew Carolina Blonde that was a solid beer. Overall from the service to the food it was a great experience. I'd recommend it for sure.
5	Amazing soul food in the heart of downtown Charlotte.  Fun atmosphere, warm and hospitable service. Generous portions. Everything was fantastic.
5	Cool, casual service and the home of probably the best cornbread I have ever had in my LIFE. In my view, you can't go wrong with Mert's. Happy eating!
4	The waitress was very nice and the food was delicious.  I had the fried whiting, home fries and coleslaw.  The whiting had a few bones but cooked perfect and my husband asked me to please bring him a piece of red velvet cake back to Texas.  How's that for service?  Nice place and I will go back.
5	This place was amazing! It looks like a little dive-bar in the heart of downtown Charlotte, but once you walk in you know you're home! Everyone was super friendly and happy to explain anything on the menu or make recommendations. I had the boneless fried chicken (how do they make plain-ol' chicken taste SO incredible?!) and couldn't decided between coleslaw, mashed potatoes with gravy, or macaroni and cheese and the waitress suggested the two starches... I was sceptical but couldn't have been happier once my meal came. Oh, and be sure to start with the warm cornbread and honey butter!
4	Real stuff, all good, all tasty. Helpful, attentive  staff. Sixties and seventies Motown music.Food: Good, authentic, clean, tasty.Decor: Cool Southern folk art and celebrity photosService: Fun, informative, and friendly.
4	Stepped out of the International Trade Center and BAM!! there it was.  Soul food ??  I had to try it.  It did not disappoint.  They had a meat loaf special so I went for the meat loaf and a small salad.  It was very good, of course with lots of gravy.  I saved the last two bites to try with some ketchup; still very good.Portions not giant sized but I got a full meal and wasn't sick afterwards.  Reasonably priced - looks like I will be BACK !!
4	Collard Greens were some of the best I've had.  Fried chicken was yummy, but the quarter (breast & wing) was too big to pick up and eat with my fingers.  Doing the knife & fork thing took some of the joy out of having my way with this guilty pleasure.  Homey  comfort food in a warm, friendly environment.
4	Not the healthiest menu, but our server was really friendly and energetic.  We went for dessert, and had some delicious slices of cake -- german chocolate and caramel!
5	What's better than spending a night in downtown Charlotte? Waking up the next day and finding a GREAT place to eat right under your feet. Located at the base of the Holiday Inn City Center this little "Mom and Pop" Soul Food restaurant has got to be one of the best meals, and service, I have had in a long time!It feels like you were welcomed into the home of the chef's house when you are greeted and seated. The staff is incredibly fast, attentive and cheeky! One of the waitresses made sure I ate my skin off my fried chicken, and boy was she right!The food was INCREDIBLE. Who would have thought of putting pulled pork in an omelet?! GENIUS! The taste was incredible...the Cornbread was warm, moist and full of taste! The biscuit was fluffy, warm and delicious. Those were just the side pieces - the main squeeze for this meal?? THE FRIED CHICKEN. A huge white meat piece of hot fried chicken. It was juicy, cooked to perfection and plentiful! WOW! Skin (thanks to the waitress demanding I try a piece) was incredible. Everything we ate, or drank was just PERFECT.The kicker was at the end of our hangover meal - we both asked for our coffee to go after having two cups at the table. The waitress got us both fresh, hot cups of coffee in a to-go cup and sent us on our way.I cannot say enough good things about this soul food place - please check it out when you are in Charlotte! Five stars all the way!
5	After moving out of Charlotte, Merts is one of the things I've found that I miss the most. The owners and staff are true examples of southern hospitality, and the food is to die for. Their fried chicken is amazing, collard greens are heavenly (only second-best to my mother's), and without-a-doubt the best cornbread you'll ever eat. The only thing you don't want is their barbecue (its really not at all like traditional NC barbecue). Prices are reasonable and there's rarely a wait. Ambiance is kind of like a dive, but everything is clean. If you've never been you must go!
3	I didn't grow up eating southern cooking but I love fried chicken, biscuits and gravy, and banana pudding just as well. So needless to say I had high hopes for Mert's. I went with the buttermilk and herb chicken fingers which sounded incredible. They were about $11 and came with two sides. Overall they felt flat and had an overwhelming garlic taste that became too much after one or two (and I love garlic -fyi)  I don't think I could eat them again. The Mac n Cheese as my side was a saving grace. Wow-awesome! Cheesy-stringy deliciousness and I ate it right up. My other side was the mashed potatoes which tasted great at first bite but again became overwhelming fast. Perhaps if I went with a veggie side I would have felt better but the food was so rich I felt queasy by the end. My boyfriend ate my cornbread as I don't care for that myself, and he liked it quite a bit. I had a bite of my boyfriends steak and eggs which were way overcooked and the steak was literally coated with grease - definitely not my type of thing. He said it was pretty average if a bit overcooked for him as well. I thought for the food quality it was a bit overpriced (but pretty standard for the area) and overall I just felt like everything was too salty, greasy, and rich for my own taste buds. Now I know you're probably saying well look what you ordered and perhaps that is true, but I have had fried chicken and mashed potatoes that felt decadent yet somehow less like my mouth was taking a grease bath.  If I went again I would order something MUCH lighter...lesson learned. On a positive note the service was fast and friendly and the restaurant itself has a lot of memorabilia that makes for interesting conversation pieces. So for me Mert's is just ok.
5	One whiff of the food outside and you are ready to get on the inside.  Their food is off the chain!  Had chicken wings and collard greens.  Food for the soul.....um um good!  Red velvet cake again honey?  Oh well, let's head in for milk and cake.  We will be back!
3	I give Mert's a high three stars for my first visit. It definitely delivered on my craving for a buttery, salty hot meal. Oh, and some cheese.The hubs and I rolled up on a Saturday around 2:30 p.m., fearing that no Uptown kitchen is open at such an in-between hour. Au contraire. Mert's was packed. Inside this low-ceilinged nook with couple dozen tables, colorful accents and storied photographs lining the walls, we found couples, families and friends of all ages going to town on some comfort food.I had the Carolina chopped BBQ, swimming in a sweet, "secret" sauce. Served in a side-dish bowl, the Q portion left plenty of room for gooey mac and cheese and a substantial serving of collard greens with the right amount of tang. The hubs had the lowcountry omelette, which was OK for him; he said he'd go for something more fried and/or savory next time (atta boy).We shared an appetizer of fried green tomatoes--tasty though a tad too bready and lukewarm upon arrival. The app came out after our entrees, but honestly when you've come to indulge in this kind of hearty goodness, does it matter?And then there was the cornbread. There was a wait for it. Our server was repeatedly apologetic. But oh, was it worth it.Our server was so very friendly and kept us happy with regular check-ins and refills on sweet tea. My only random nit was the vinyl table covering. I trust it's clean, but there's something kinda sticky about those things still. Otherwise, Mert's is a good-for-all destination for a casual feast of stick-to-your-ribs Southern cookin'.
3	Loved the ambience and the staff.  The food was alright.  I grew up on southern cooking so I'm tough to please.  The one thing I will tell you is that their braised cabbage is THE BEST I've ever had.  Get three orders of it and make it your meal.
4	This is the only restaurant I had the chance to visit when I was in Charlotte last weekend and I was not disappointed.  I was warned that it is a hole in the wall, but it's not.  Just a casual restaurant.We arrived around 2pm on a Saturday and were quickly seated.  After ordering, our food arrived about 10 minutes later.  I had the fried chicken with mac n cheese and greens.  And because I'm greedy and have no shame I also got a side of mashed taters (just so I could try them).I really enjoyed my food.  It was hot and delicious.  The mac n cheese was very cheesy and satisfying.  The mashed taters were lumpy like I like it.  And the cornbread was good too.  A nice little loaf with some creamy, sweet butter.I think my meal was about 10 bucks with a drink.   My only complaint is that the portions were kinda small.  Maybe I'm just used to bigger portions in Atlanta, but I could have enjoyed 1/4 more food.The service was fast and friendly.
4	You get a lot of food - for a very good price.  Meal starts of with giant steaming mini cornbreads.  Order an entree and get choice of two sides (mac and cheese, potatoes, fries etc).  Fried chicken was great.  Sides were somewhat disappointing.  Cornbread was amazing!
5	After taking the Charlotte Symphony audition and being heartlessly cast out in the first round, a friend and I set up camp at Mert's for some good ole fashioned commiserating.  It's ideally located right across the street from the theater, so as waves of depressed looking cellists streamed out once per hour, we were able to bring in some more friends to eat and drink our sorrows away.  We sat out on the patio as it was a lovely spring day, and stuffed ourselves with the great food here.  I had the fried tilapia (special of the day) with greens and yams.  It was great, flavorful and well proportioned.  My friend had the fried chicken with mac and cheese and he was raving about it too.  To polish off the meal we split some sort of caramely cake that was heavenly.  They have a bunch of great looking cakes on the counter inside, and I only hope to come back to Charlotte soon to try another!Service was very friendly.  Great experience overall.
1	In my opinion EPIC FAIL ...... I'm from Charlotte and my first time going there was last week and boy was i not impressed. I guess when soul food come to my mind i think of greatness because I'm from the south, it could be a lot better.
5	People keep suggesting macs speed shop and finally someone said try merts. Our sever Nia was a doll. Very helpful w menu choices. Their cornbread is to DIE for. As are there ribs. My pork chop was a little dry but still quite tasty! Love you NIA!!!
5	Excellent fried chicken, mac and cheese, collards, green beans, yams, and sweet potato cake and it's priced right too!
3	As much of a fan as I am of "soul food," I just can't seem to find the right thing at Mert's. I have tried this restaurant twice and I have been underwhelmed both times. The prices seem to be a bit high given the quality and portions of the food. This most recent visit was my return visit to use my unused Groupon of which I had purchased two a year ago. I went with the lamb at the suggestion of the server and the parts of it that were not burnt to a crisp were truly delicious. The potato salad was really good, as was the mac and cheese. The yams weren't even close to those that my Mom makes, but hey..maybe I'm biased. Part of the downfall of Mert's for me is due to the fact that I have had Lawan's and they are on a completely different level. Mert's seems almost a bit commercial to me and it seems that maybe the food isn't prepared fresh (although I did have to wait a long time). I'm willing to give them another try, but I don't really want to pay for it so it's likely not going to happen. I love soul food and the people there were super friendly so I wish them continued success, however I'll be heading to Lawan's for my soul food fixes for now.
3	Brief summary of our experience.  Service sucked ass big time!!  If it was purely based on service alone, it would have gotten a 1 star or 0 stars!!!  If review was based on food alone, it would have gotten 4 stars.  I decided to compromise and give them 3 stars.  Our sour dining experience starts and ends with Sharon, our waitress.  Bottom line, she was very rude and she needs to be FIRED!!!After we were seated, took about 5 minutes before she approached our table.  She then gave us 2 straws and did not even bother to greet us or introduce herself to us.  Then she turned her back to us before we could say anything and continued to flirt with the 2 guys in the table to the right of us.  We didn't even get a chance to ask for water.  About another 5 minutes goes by and finally we can order.  She takes our orders but throughout the entire time, we did not have her full attention, her mind was at that table!  After our orders were placed, we got our cornbread BUT she did not give us ANY utensils to eat it with.  I asked another waitress for utensils and she said she would get it for us, but she never did.  Basically, we weren't her table so she didn't want to help Sharon out.  I guess no camaraderie at this workplace.  In the meantime while we were waiting for our utensils, a party of 2 sat to the table to the left of us and they encountered the same issues with her.  They too were served their salad and cornbread without utensils.  We all had to wait at least 5 minutes if not more.  The only good thing about waiting was the table with the 2 guys to the right of us paid and left.  Now I thought she could focus more on us.  I was wrong!!  She brings us our main dishes, fried chicken quarter and fried catfish with our sides being, mac & cheese, yams, okra with tomatoes, and collard greens.  We also ordered an appetizer and I couldn't believe our main dishes came BEFORE the appetizer.  In the end, we just took the appetizer off the bill because we finished out main courses and the appetizer never came in the interim.  Anyways, we STILL did not have our utensils.  I was pissed!!  We waited anywhere between 5-10 minutes before our utensils finally arrived.  By that time, out food was somewhat cold.  We ate our food ASAP and got the hell out of there!!  If you ever come here, don't get waited by her.  Another thing that irked me, a part of 3 ladies sat in the table to the right of us and she was definitely more friendly to them.  I won't speculate about anything but bottom line, she is a terrible waitress (definitely the bottom tier).As for the food.  LOVED the fried chicken.  Batter wasn't thick at all.  Light and crispy and chicken was moist and tender.  The fried catfish was good as well.  Lightly battered and fried.  As for the sides, I personally do not like tomatoes and onions with my collard greens.  I prefer the smoke flavored ham collard greens.  If you like the sour/tart collar greens, then this is a place where you can get them.  The candid yams were good, but definitely not the best.  I couldn't put my taste buds on it, but the sugar they use is a little different and it doesn't seem that they used a lot of butter.  The mac & cheese was just okay, I prefer more than once type of cheese in my mac & cheese =P  (i'm just spoiled)  As for the food, I would recommend this place and I would come here again.When we paid for our bill at the cashier's desk, that lady even knew that we received sub-par service.  She made some jokes to make us feel better about our dining experience.  I applaud her effort but what she needs to do is get rid of that waitress.
5	I love chicken and don't love ribs but I can say they have the best chicken and there ribs made me love ribs and the best thing were there collard greens they had a explosion of flavor I from Maryland and if i come back to Charlotte I'll  eat here everyday.
3	My first review was 5 stars, but upon our second visit seven months later, I'm taking away two stars for one main reason -- gnats, or perhaps they are fruit flies.  Seeing them reminded me they were a bit of an issue during our first visit as well.  As soon as our food came out, they started floating around our plates. We put our bones on a plate on the table next to us in an effort to divert them. The food is still really good, and we appreciate the friendly service but it is a bit slow. As others have mentioned, the macaroni and cheese is quite yummy. I had blackened pork chops this time and they were well-seasoned but a tad bit dry. I'd still go back to Mert's, but if the gnats remain an issue on our next visit to Charlotte, that will probably be our last try.
2	The food was alright and I thought that the portions were a good size. But i think that the service was absolutely terrible. My friend and I walked in and two women at the counter ignored us for a couple minutes, said they would be with us in a second, continued to ignore us until we finally asked if we could just seat ourselves and they just said yes. We then sat ourselves - and waited for about 15 minutes before someone came up and asked if we were going to be eating there. From then on out - the service still was not very good and everything took a long time. The waitress wouldn't even look at us when we were ordering - as if she just did not care. The food definitely does not make up for the terrible service. I will not eat there again.
4	So very busy at 8pm on Sunday.   Came to Charlotte while on vacation and it was on my route.  Parked at the Hearst Media Towers and just went walking.  I saw Mert's and looked up on Yelp and the reviews got me in.  Now, let's be clear on this.  This location is in a nice building, next to a nice Holiday Inn; so don't expect fancy NOTHING.   The inside looks very well broken in but yet clean and eclectic. Iron metal art sculptures with wood adorn the inside, the kitchen area is open and you can see everything.  There was only two guys back there and may GOD bless them both, they were rockin out some GREAT FLAVOR.   I was promptly seated then greeted by my server whom said she would be right back to take my order.  As I said this place was busy so I figured I would be waiting on my food.  NOT THE CASE.   As with most places I visit first I say to the servers "Please bring me food.  Your choice, Your call.  Don't tell me."  Then I list what I don't eat.  I also asked for sweet tea.    Understanding that this is soul food, real soul food.  So I was excited.  The tea came, glass was clean.  The tea.  Well, the first glass went down fast and was refilled quickly by my server with a smile.   Within a few minutes my food was delivered by another server.  Fried Chicken, green beans, and mac & cheese, with cornbread.  I'm happy.    The green beans had great flavor, very nicely cooked.  The mac & cheese is incredible, was tempted to order a side bowl of this but, hey, already ate like 4 times prior.  I picked the chicken up, white meat; and tried to bite into it.  WRONG!!!!!!!!!!     I warn you, wait for 20 to 30 minutes till you can get into this.  HOW THE HECK IS IT SO HOT FOR SO LONG?  Darn..  I had to cut into it with a knife to let the heat out.  Once it was safe to eat it, I was first taken to the memory of my mothers and grandma's chicken that was made at home.  Perfectly seasoned, not greasy, but just pure flavor and moist.  I finished off several more glasses of that great sweet tea and cleaned my plate.    Total bill was about $11, I forgot to keep the receipt, but was well worth it and the server was taken very good care of.    She offered cake for desert but it was HUGE, no way I could have eaten that and still be functional to see the town that night.       Only downside to this place is that it is right off the street, so you get noise from the traffic and flies find their way in.  No biggie, they did not eat much.       So if you live within a couple of hours, this place rocks.  Service is great.  Happy Eating...
5	YUMMY Soul Food in my tummy! I love Mert's! Me and my family come here quite often. We have been for brunch and for dinner. The service is OK but the food makes up for it. The cornbread is excellent that comes out before the meal and it always seems to get gone quickly. The fried chicken is excellent and the salmon cakes are yummy as well. Especially with the sauce they give you on the side. The beef ribs were too saucy but tender. If you have to try an appetizer, try the soul rolls! They are sooo good! The price is decent, not too expensive. Location is great but the place gets packed and its not much seating. Definitely worth the wait if you are patient enough to. Mert's is one of the best soul food places in town!
1	I rarely give bad reviews, but this was a pretty horrible food experience. My cousin was in town today from Seattle and requested "good soul food." I've heard good things about Mert's, but have not had an opportunity to try. I figured it would be a good opportunity to show my cousin some good souther food. HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT. The fried chicken was pretty bland. It seemed like it was pre-made and left out for too long. The collard greens were insanely salty. Instant high blood pressure for sale! :( I ordered the salmon cakes which were really hard. I have to say that the corn bread was absolutely amazing, which makes no sense that the rest of the food was so unappetizing.
2	When we first moved to Charlotte, NC from Savannah, I was really looking forward to trying Southern food here. A lot of people suggested Mert's. One word-YUCK! We ordered simple items. Fried chicken, macaroni and cheese and collards. The chicken was tasteless and the mac was bland. The service wasn't great either. She leaned over our table,with her butt in the other patrons face the entire time. Not impressed. I went a second time just in case they were having a bad day. I ordered catfish with okra and tomatoes. Again-YUCK! The catfish was fried too hard and did not have any meat on it. The okra and tomatoes were alright. Still searching for a great southern restaurant.
4	Yummy true soul food! I always get the vegetable plate when I go because I can't choose between the many (all amazing) sides. The collared greens are the best I've ever had! Everything is salty, but that's expected at soul food restaurants. Mert's is always crowded, but you're usually seated quickly. Quickness of service always depends on the server. Seating is pretty close to other tables, but not a biggie. My biggest turn-off is downtown parking...you have to park in a parking garage and walk to the restaurant. Still a favorite of mine!
5	We go here for brunch almost weekly for the best made-from-scratch biscuits. Both service and atmosphere reflect true southern style. A hidden gem in the uptown area.
4	Definitely hidden. They serve good brunch on the weekends and you won't wait in a ridiculous line full of degenerates.   Make sure to get their biscuits.
5	We loved the ribs and fried chicken! The Mac n cheese and mashed potatoes were awesome. Husband loved the green beans. Good service too!
5	the lamb chop is perfect! and also bbq rib. salmon cake is good, but i wish i ordered the other two!!!
4	I've eaten at Merts a few times and even received a free birthday meal which included a drink. Very impressed. My favorite dishes are the salmon cakes and the rice and beans with turkey sausage but that dish tends to be too salty at times. Overall, nice place to eat.
3	We came to Mert's after a couple hours of play at the Discovery Place science museum just a few blocks away.The place was pretty much empty at 5:30, two tables inside and one outside.  I think it may have been a shift change because everything was just a little slow.  It took a few minutes to get us seated, took a few minutes to come get the drink order, then took a few minutes to bring us the drinks.... so from the time we walked in, we did not get to order until about 5:45.I ordered the Soul Sampler - Buttermilk chicken tenders, soul roll (egg roll with black eye peas, chicken, cabbage), ribs, and corn bread.  The soul rolls were really good, but came with a honey mustard already on them, which I loved, but would not be good for everyone.  The corn bread was by far the best part, hot right out of the oven.  Happy faces all around for 7 people...4 adults, 3 kids.  I ordered the catfish and creole combo - the catfish was almost a whole fish, minus the head.....all the fins and bones were still there....  other than that, it was fried to perfection with a really nice batter.  The grease in the fryers must have been really fresh, as I could not taste it in any of my fried food, which is normally the only complaint I could have with fried food.  My creole was lovely 5 out of 5, lots of shrimp and the celery and onions were crisp.  Good flavor, good heat, my nose was sweating a little, but not unpleasant at all.The BBQ sauce was vinegary and sweet, which was good, but the ribs and pulled pork really just tasted like the sauce.  The wait staff started to warm up to us at the end, so we finished of nice.  Would I come again, no... am I glad I went, yep!!  I love soul food, but sadly I have had better in Detroit Michigan.  I would rather go to Sloes BBQ on Michigan Ave.The green beans were AWESOME, though as you would expect with soul food, cooked until mushy, though the flavor was just subtle and great.  We were also plagued by fruit flys....when ever there was food on the table, there were fruit flies doing fly bys.....I started to hum, "Highway to the Danger zone" but no one seemed to get the reference.
1	The service here sucks. We went there and they got us the main meal before the appetizer and bread.  When I requested to have my appetizer first, the waitress replied that they are expecting lots of people from the convention and they are trying to get us out as fast as possible. I immediately left. Never going to go back again.
5	I'm somewhat embarrassed about this review as I work in Uptown, love this kind of cooking, have known Mert's existed but have never gone!  Remedied that on Wednesday morning and seriously had perhaps the best breakfast I've ever had.I got just the basics - scrambled eggs, sausage, home fries, biscuit and a buttermilk pancake on the side.  OMFG!  Perfectly cooked eggs, two huge sausage patties that were seared on the outside and moist/tender on the inside (yes they were cooked through!)  :)  Everything was just as I would order a breakfast if it were my last breakfast on earth.  My wife had similar but substituted bacon, grits and a sweet potato pancake. she was in breakfast nirvana as well.  Even the coffee was a notch above your typical breakfast joint fare.AND...  As I sat there eating this deliciousness, I had to stare at the lunch special menu board and there was not one thing on it I wouldn't have ordered.  There is no doubt I'm coming back soon for lunch.On the service side it was fast, friendly and really nice teamwork among the servers with everyone paying attention to coffee cups getting low, etc.  What a jewel for the Queen City!
5	O man, this place is amazing!Ok ok, I'm not an expert in soul food or southern food, but if this is even close to what it is...uhhhh I AM A FANATIC. Gotta try the beef ribs and fried catfish combo. The collard greens, okra, rice sides are not to be missed. Fried chicken was great! Cornbread that comes with the meals are not sweet but very very very buttery. Only thing I would say was ehh was the salmon cake, that was a bit dry.
4	We got take out beef ribs last night.  Yummy!!   I am visiting from TX and a native NYCer.  So I have had my share of bbq.   This was quite tasty.   No one complained about the taste of the food.   But everyone complained about the portions.   For 12 bucks you get a few beef short ribs.   Don't expect to get filled.   Satisfied...yes.  But not satiated.   The location is nice.  The decor is fitting.  They had a TV blaring which would affect a conversation....though it could also stimulate one or save a bad date.My mom is a new believer and a local here and she is planning on getting food from here now.
1	Horrible!!
3	For me, Mert's is just "OK". Maybe I am biased, but I feel this is the kind of food you must be in the mood for. Southern soul/comfort food just isn't something that can be eaten 24/7. I had a sampler platter for entree which includes beef ribs, chicken tenders, and Mert's spring rolls. The beef ribs are actually very good! The beef is quite tender and easily come off the bones, and the fact that it's beef rather than your typical port ribs made a huge difference. The spring rolls and chicken tenders are just a little too salty, fatty and heavy-tasting for me, but I guess that's the essence of the southern soul food.Oh, last note, their corn bread is really good, you can tell it's very fresh and home-made.
5	never had anything from here that wasnt absolutely delish! fried chicken is outstanding, like grandma made it. salmon cakes and cornbread, some of the best ive ever had. greens are so good. mac and cheese rivals my grandmothers recipe. banana pudding and sweet potato cake are my favorite desserts here, but honestly you can get anything and you cant go wrong. dont forget to try the soul rolls as an appetizer. so good!! i love this place. i took my family that lives in hawaii here and my bro said that this might be his favorite place to eat anywhere. its one of my favorites too :)
4	The food was great!  Waitress was funny.  But I still like Paschal's fried chicken better.
5	Promised myself in the breakfast review I wrote in early July that I would go back for lunch.  Check!  Been twice for lunch now and each time walked away fully, full and happy.First trip brought fried catfish, candied yams and a small salad with blue cheese dressing.  The catfish is fried whole and comes with some spicy, mayo-based sauce on the side.  Splash on some hot sauce and a squeeze of lemon and you get, YUM!  The sides were good as well.Second visit, I went with the lunch special of the day, beef liver and onions.  OK, I know some of you just went, "GROSS"!  Don't be haters!  Liver is delicious, especially when it's prepared like this.  Slight char on it and covered in a great tasting   brown onion gravy. Tried the mac n cheese this time and it made me smile also.  They also bring a small individual loaf of cornbread and honey butter with lunch orders.  It is moist and flavorful and is a great add to the meal.Service was fast and friendly on both lunch visits just like at breakfast.  Thankfully I work at the Southern end of Tryon and Mert's is towards the Northern end, just across from the Hearst Tower on College St.  Let's just say, I need that longish walk back to cubeville after a big, delicious lunch like this...
2	This place was just OK for me.  I was pretty disappointed with the fried chicken because I felt it could have been more flavorful and more fried.  I was surprised because I would have expected more. The catfish my dad and sister ordered was way more fried than the chicken my mom and me had ordered. Also, don't expect the fish to be a fillet. It's a whole fish.Even though our server was very friendly, I was also very disappointed with him. It was rare that he came by to check on us and he had also forgotten to give us the corn bread. When he wasn't there to check on us, we resorted to asking a different waitress that walked by for boxes and the check. However, she didn't bother, probably because we weren't her table. Rudeness...Overall experience could have been better, but at least we tried it.
4	Good hearty food with fast and friendly service. I had a BBQ omelet with grits and homemade biscuits, the biscuits were so good!
5	The 2 times I've been in Charlotte, I have visited Mert's Heart & Soul.  It is a very fun environment that is rich with history, the food is extraordinary southern cooking, & the service is very hospitable!  I would definitely recommend for anyone & everyone in Charlotte to check it out.  I can't wait until my next visit!
4	Cool restaurant - I went here on a Monday afternoon with the wife, dad, and grandpa, while paying a little visit to Charlotte.  My dad and grandpa live in Charlotte and told us we had to try Mert's.  Cornbread was excellent - we all got our own little loaf as a starter.  Entrees come with two sides and I got the pulled pork as the main dish and okra and green beans.  The pulled pork was a little stringy and very vinegary, but unique.  Wife got the salmon cakes and I didn't really care for them.  I told her she shouldn't have ordered that, but oh well.  Her mac and cheese was great though.  My grandpa ordered the fried chicken and it looked great and he really enjoyed it.  I tried a few bites and it was very moist and crispy.  I don't remember what my dad ordered...I like how they have tons of cool side dishes here and they're all soul food-type items.  We have tons of good restaurants in Southern California, but nothing like Mert's.  If I came back, I'd probably order the fried chicken, or the catfish if I'm feeling exotic.  They probably have about 20 or so sides - a good mixture of carbs and veggies - I wish I tried the fried green tomatoes...  Well I'll be back someday to try something different.  I'm glad my dad and grandpa took us here!
5	Mert's Heart & Soul?  Thank you Charlotte for introducing me to this place!  The food is fantastic!  The fried chicken was a lot better the second time I went. I'm not sure what changed.  The collard greens were so good.  Now I'm not a cornbread eater but you really have to try theirs. Also, the service great!
5	I love this place.  This is my favorite restaurant in all of Charlotte.  The food is great, the service is exceptional and friendly, and the atmosphere is unpretentious.  I highly recommend Mert's.
5	While visiting Charlotte from Birmingham, AL, we stopped by Mert's for lunch. We absolutley LOVED it. Our waitress was amazing and the food was even better. By far the best cornbread I have ever had in my life. When ever I come to Charlotte I'll always eat here. I had the Salmon cakes which are made with fresh salmon and I loved how spicy the collard greens were. Thanks for such a wonderful dining experience.
4	I come from Harlem so my take on what southern/soul food should be is probably a bit skewed but one thing I can differentiate between is f'n bad food and f'n good food. Mert's is definitely good.  The service was kind, warm and attentive even though it was a bit busy in there.  I ordered the Shrimp Creole dish and by no means was I disappointed. It was saucy plus spicy (those traits can't be wrong in women nor food), small shrimp goodness ladled on top of rice.  The cornbread comes before your meal and good thing I don't judge on the free food.  Just sayin'.One thing to write home about is the COLLARD GREENS! I could eat a lasagna dish full of just their greens.  It's slightly bitter, balanced out with butter and a slight citrus taste and perfectly cooked.  You must try it!My only complaint is the cleanliness, the place needs a little TLC especially in the corners that people (unlike me) don't typically look, or don't want to anyway. Give it a rub down.All and all, 2 contently hard nipples for Mert's.
3	Stopped at Merts on the recommendation of a client while visiting Charlotte. The food was pretty good, though not nearly as good as soul food I've had in other places. The collard greens were very good, but the fried chicken was a bit dry. I didn't come in with high expectations so I wasn't extremely let down, but I've definitely had better sold food at other  places.
4	Amazing food and very friendly staff. The fried chicken is so crisp and juicy. My girlfriend and I love the place.
4	Charlotte is an odd city. It appears as if North Carolina needed a place to conduct financial business and girls, wearing the tightest/shortest skirts I have ever seen, needed a place to congregate. Men wearing colorful polo shirts, short pleated shorts and Italian loafers with no socks needed a place to make money and look for the short skirt women. The whole city shuts down Saturday and Sunday except for bars and restaurants during the PM hours. Finding a good breakfast place seemed like a daunting task until we found Mert's.This cozy soul food joint had tons of character and a solid menu. When we walked in, the smell of fried chicken and greens slam you in the face. There were two pots large enough to bath William Howard Taft slowly cooking collard greens on the stove in the back. The griddle was loaded up with bacon and pancakes. Just a beautiful sight. I ordered eggs and country ham with home fries and a biscuit. The biscuit was so good i almost ordered another. Instead, i just ate most of my wife's. I also got a pan cake on the side. I honestly dont remember eating a better pancake in years. Lastly, i ordered fried green tomatoes. Very well done. Batter was a little hard but all in all, very good. Also, the tomatoes taste like they spent some time in the fridge.My wife got the sweet potato pan cakes as well as fried chicken and eggs. The fried chicken was shockingly good. I could have gone back that night to eat more.The only down side was all the eggs served to our table were under cooked. When i order over easy, i expect to have all the white cooked with a runny yolk. We all ordered over easy and there was a lot of uncooked egg white in everyone's eggs. There is a simple fix for this: order over medium!Coffee was nice a strong. Syrup was hot. Hot sauce was already on the table. Real butter was served.
3	The most southern style food and restaurant you can find in Charlotte. Fried catfish was good but their chicken was average. When I first started working in Charlotte, three months ago, everyone raved about Mert's. So as a "New York city-slicker" I got dragged by my coworkers to try "southern cookin". Nothing super about the food, but the sides are amazing. Mmmmmm cornbread
4	We've been living in Charlotte for a year now, and we've been to quite a few restaurants in our time. However, while I have found that perfect BBQ joint I dreamed of, I had not yet happened across the quintessential place for good ol' Southern cooking...in particular fried chicken. Well, that is now a thing of the past, for I have found Merts.You could tell just from walking inside that it was going to be a great Southern food experience. The interior of the restaurant is colorful and eye-catching, and the art and decor screams Southern. The interior was full to capacity, but we were able to snag a table outside. The outdoor area is a mixed bag. While it's nowhere near as crowded as inside (with only four tables or so) the Charlotte pedestrians take it upon themselves to walk through the outdoor area. It was a bit disruptive to be eating a nice meal while people constantly walked right against your table. I wasn't a fan of the beer list since Merts does not carry any drafts, so I stuck with unsweet tea. After placing our orders the server came over with a small loaf of cornbread for each of us. This cornbread was spot on for me! Not gritty, a little sweet and extremely crumbly. You could tell it was fresh from the oven, and that made it super awesome!For dinner I ordered the beef ribs and leg quarter fried chicken combo. I wasn't crazy about the ribs themselves, as they were a bit tough and chunks of bone kept flaking off. I did enjoy the sauce, as it was a sweet and tangy sauce and not vinegary. Now the chicken was THE BOMB! I've been searching for fried chicken down here, and have been disappointed time and again. So far I am confident to say that Merts has the best fried chicken (though I haven't made it over to Price's yet, so don't jump on me for that yet.) The battered skin was light and crisp, and not greasy. The interior was that moist and juicy you expect from fried chicken. I was in heaven scoffing that chicken down, and I wish I had more right now! The miss' ordered the catfish and fried chicken breast combo, and that was also pretty dang awesome. The catfish was a huge filet just plopped on the plate. The meat came right off and was so light and tasty. The batter was also perfect, with not too much that didn't take away from the soft flavor of the fish. They serve it with this spicy sauce that was a good compliment to the fish. The chicken breast was just as good as my leg. Even the white meat stayed juicy and tender! The miss' didn't eat too much of it after filling up on the fish, so there are plenty of chicken leftovers in my future!The other thing that Merts does damn good is sides. One problem I've had at BBQ and other places down here is that the meats are perfect, yet the sides are extremely lacking. Merts has some of the best dang sides money can buy. We both ordered the mac & cheese and it was simply the best I've had down here. Some places I've been to make it watery or oily or just not flavored right, but Merts had it all. It was a firm consistency with a great cheesy flavor, and the cheese crust on top was awesome. I also tried black eyed peas for the first time and loved them. They were cooked perfectly and were served in this kind of gravy that was also tasty. The miss' ordered the collard greens and I have to say that I liked those too. I'm generally not a fan of collards as they are bitter, but these were cooked in such a way that the bitterness was taken down a notch or two. They had some citrus flavoring to them that helped tone it down and added a different level of flavor to. All in all, the sides kicked butt! Unfortunately we were so stuffed from this massive meal that we did not stick around for dessert.I have to say, when I think home cooked Southern fare, I will always associate it with Merts. They can fry up some mean chicken and fish, and their sides and veggies are top notch. It's a busy place but it is definitely worth the trip.
4	This is a great place to eat! The people there are so nice and the food is fantastic. They have some of the best cornbread I've had and the catfish and chicken are fried to golden perfection but deliciously moist.
4	I wish I could give half stars because I'd truly rate Mert's as a 3.5 (or even 3.75) out of  5. But to be fair, I will round up to 4. I have been to Mert's four times in the past year and have been pleased with each visit. The service and ambiance is great. The art and music promotes an inviting warm home-style environment.I'm only giving this place 3.5 stars because of the food. It is tasty, but not the best southern cuisine I've had. I was raised on southern cooking and am aware of variations in seasoning and techniques for one location to another. However, although good, the food does not satisfy my appetite when I'm in the mood for "soul food" or southern cooking. I'm sure this varies from one person to the next. So, try it out yourself!   :)Also, I've had the catfish and chicken here, but my favorite meat at Mert's is the ribs.
4	Man, I've had this place bookmarked almost since I first found Yelp in Charlotte. I've just never had an opportunity to eat here until I had some friends staying in Uptown and they wanted a "Charlotte meal". So here's to Mert's and one less bookmark!Classic Southern soul food. Collard greens and fried okra and fried chicken and sausage gravy and all those yummy things that just put weight on when you mention their names! I was tempted by so much but when the waiter mentioned their specials, I knew that the grilled pork chop in white gravy was for me. And it was. Excellent and tasty with lots of flavor and spice, I cleaned the plate and then picked up the bone for chewing. Great stuff. For sides, I had the mac & cheese (excellent!) and the yams (only meh).For dessert, the peach cobbler was only okay - an overwheming spiciness. I think that I might have just gotten a bad scoop, because my friend who had it really liked his. The vanilla ice cream gave it the right consistency, but the flavor wasn't right.Street parking only, but it's barely a stone's throw from the LYNX Station so consider taking the train!
5	My husband and I love food, saw all the great reviews and decided to check Mert's out. We started with the BBQ beef ribs and when my husband put a piece in his mouth, he made a sound that startled me! Lol. I was like what's wrong and he was like, "Geez, this is awesome!" I had the whiting, which was perfectly seasoned. He had the salmon cakes meal. Plates were cleaned! Great find. Oh, make sure you park in the lot where they are located as this is the only lot they can offer validation for. We did save room for desert. Peach cobbler was perfect, but the strawberry cake was way too sweet. I love sweets but even this was like an overdose.
4	BEST greens I've had in years....the chicken is good as well (would prefer a little more seasoning - then again I am a flavor fanatic).  Friends had the Shrimp and Grits and said it was heavenly, other's at our table fell in love with the complimentary corn bread which is sweet and sooo good.
2	Had the Shrimp Po Boo.  I wish I know that it would be spicy I would have asked them to hold the spice.  Even the Home Fries where spicy.  I understand that it's southern home cooking, however other items on the menu warn that it's spicy.  I understand it's not a four star restaurant, however the batter on the popcorn shrimp could have more crispy.  Perhaps the fryer was not to temperature when they sunk them.  Despite the spiciness of the potatoes they where fresh and not cooked that long, although personally I do like crispy home fries.  Having said that portion was good size, price average with other restaurants in the area.  Service was my biggest issue.  While the waitress did keep checking back to see if we where ready to order, however she never asked if I would like another Ice Tea.  I needed usually needed to wait and attempt to attract her attention.
5	Can't go wrong with the beef ribs and fried chicken breast combo! It comes with delicious cornbread and two sides of your choice. A must try if you are in uptown Charlotte!
4	For southern comfort food, you can't go wrong. My favorite is the Andouille sausage beans and rice. The homemade cornbread is great as well. This has been around for a long time so they must be doing something right!
5	I have been to Mert's twice. Once while visiting Charlotte and once since moving here. We stumbled across it while looking for a breakfast spot. I got an omelet and my fiance got the sweet potato pancakes. Everything was great. The main dish, the grits, the biscuit. The staff was extremely friendly and service was great. This is my favorite place for breakfast in Charlotte. The only reason I don't go back more often is because I'm trying to find a place that can match.
3	We came on a Thursday evening and ordered the fried chicken breast with BBQ beef ribs, 2 sides: mac and cheese and mashed potatoes and a heineken for 20- Come b4 8 to beat the wait!- Friendly waitress. Gave great recommendations. - Excellent cornbread...so goood! nom nom! - Average chicken. It's no Roscoe's. EllaEm's in LV is better. crispy juicy fail. - A bone with no meat on my plate. rib fail.- Beef was not as tender as I would have hoped for. No mind-blowing flavor- Ordered a side of home fries but it was pending even after I finished my meal! lol- Home fries are not fries. It's more like chopped potatoes. Good thing I cancelled my order- Expensive heineken. Just get a Carolina.
4	While visiting Charlotte for the DNC, I must say that Merts made me feel as if I never left home.  I dined there for breakfast and two dinners.For breakfast I had two eggs, bacon, biscuits and home fries.  Everything was very enjoyable but where Merts really shines is at night.For dinner, I had the salmon cakes on one occasion and the fried catfish on the other.  On the side, I had yams and greens and a sweet tea to wash it all down.  I managed to save enough room for dessert and enjoyed a slice of sweet potato cake.  The cake was moist and delicious and the frosting was nothing short of decadent.Merts portions are huge.  If only my hotel had a mini fridge, I could have taken my leftovers back to my room.The wait staff is super friendly.  As for its location, Merts is very convenient to lots of hotels in downtown Charlotte.
5	While visiting Charlotte for the first time, my friend stumbled upon this via Yelp and it was an excellent choice. I had the salmon cakes, collard greens, and yams and everything was fresh and delicious. If you happen to be in Charlotte, this place is a must. Ask for Robin the waitress. She is amazing!
5	Great fried chicken southern style, greens and Mac n cheese. Staff great food great. Left satisfied with an extra cornbread to go.
3	Go for the cornbread, stay for the mac and cheese and bbq pork.The salmon cake has an interesting flavor, but the texture reminded me of crab cakes. I will stick with crab cakes in the future, but glad I tried something new. If I ever make it back to Charlotte, I'd swing by again for the cornbread.
5	UMM, UMM GOOD! I had to say that in capital letters just to get my point across how good Mert's is! I've been to a few soul food restaurants, where they claim "everything is homemade" but when it comes to Mert's that's exactly what you get! Homemade biscuits and even ..are you ready for this? Homemade butter!! The beef ribs fall off the bone and the mac n cheese is the real deal, no boxed stuff here! The desserts, what do you choose when you have a choice of German Chocolate, Red Velvet, Sweet Potato, Coconut Cake, Pound cake, Banana Pudding, along with Peach, Apple, & Blueberry Cobblers! The prices are reasonable, they also serve breakfast on Sat. & Sum morns which is awesome is well!  Robin the waitress is a joy to have while visiting!
3	This place has some good and some bad, so let's start with the good: Lunch and Dinner.  The fried chicken is excellent and I don't think I would ever order anything different here.  I've had the salmon cakes and the pulled pork BBQ, both were just OK.  Just get the chicken and thank me later!  The corn bread they bring you during lunch and dinner is amazing.  It's always been piping hot and serves as a nice base for your meal.  The sides are pretty good, nothing mind blowing, but I enjoy them every time (mac & cheese, mashed potatoes, collard greens, etc.).Now for the bad: the service and breakfast fare.  I've had spotty service several times.  My mother wanted to substitute a few small things on the menu and her requests were all denied the last time we were there.  Very unaccommodating.  A small upcharge was not even suggested.  I reeeeally can't sub the biscuit for cornbread?  Come on.  I also saw her split a half bottle of Andre (Yes, the $5 bottle at the grocery store) into 6 mimosas.  I didn't taste a lick of champagne.  At $6.50 each I expect better.  The breakfast food wasn't anything to write home about either.  I got the Creole omelette and it had no flavor at all on top of having teeny, tiny shrimp.  The breakfast potatoes were the best part.  Sad.  Just avoid the breakfast food and you'll be fine.
5	First time in Charlotte, great food. Started with the soul rolls, then went with the red beans & rice with Turkey Sausage, side of home made corn bread & grits. Had a beer. Went with a half slice of sweet potato cake, everything was $25. Service was great also.
5	There's a neon sign labeled "Eat" outside. I don't need anymore directions than that at Mert's, which might be my favorite place in the Uptown Charlotte area.This is where I take my out-of-town friends, especially ones who have never experienced what a brick of cornbread looks like, especially one that comes with housemade honey butter. The tea ninjas (or wait-staff) make sure our cups never runneth empty and might tell us some jokes here and there. We'd always eat our vegetables if they were like the ones here: macaroni and cheese (I know, not a vegetable), collard greens (got a little pico de gallo), and the okra stew are some of the best. The Daily Fixin's have some classic choices like fried chicken and catfish, but I really love the salmon cakes, which come with sauce that'd be great on burgers. You'll be fuller than a piggy bank on pay day, but some banana puddin'(g) is a spectacular dessert.I love the album cover decorations and the music that comes from them-all Motown and Stax classics. Soul music is where a lot of the "Soul" comes from; the rest is from the quirky decor and the buzzing of conversation from families out to dinner or couples before/after a play. The whole place has old theatre posters and sepia photographs, not because it's "cool," but because Mert's is a beloved part of Charlotte. The bankers across the street even banded together to keep it afloat during a rough financial period. Say what you will about their handling of the economic crisis, but fiscal cliffs have got nothing on Mert's.It owns my heart, soul, and if I ever have children, maybe even my first-born.
5	Thank you Yelp!  We were in town visiting and decided to try this place for lunch based on its good reviews.  Yelpers were right on - delicious (and affordable)!  We loved the cornbread, candied yams, collard greens, carolina chopped bbq, mac & cheese, green beans, and black eyed peas.  Generous portions too.  Full of atmosphere and it was still busy at 3pm.  We definitely recommend Mert's.
3	I wanted to like this place more than I actually did.  Starting with a positive - the cornbread was sensational, served piping hot with honey butter.  Our server 'fessed up it was made with mayo when I pressed for deets.  Lawdy have mercy!  It was durn good though.  The fried chicken was just as excellent as you expect.  Collards and okra got a thumbs up from me.  Okay - now for the negs - The salmon cakes were downright not good.   Disappointing, as they were touted as a featured menu item on their website.  I wonder if I just got them on a bad day??  They were mushy, with no discernible salmon chunks, and flavorless, desperately needing spices or at least salt.  I saw and tasted no evidence of the mirepoix and Cajun spices described as part of the dish.  Hubs didn't like his green beans (too sweet) and home fries (too bland, not fried long enough).  I like the vibe of the space a lot.  But it does seem a little dirty.  Also our server was very friendly but repeatedly sneezed into the crook of her arm and just kept on serving.  Um, kinda gross from a customer perspective.  She also mixed our ticket up with another tables, but then let us know that she would cover the extra on their ticket for us.  They were busy.  These things happen.  All in all, I think this is worth a visit for out of towners, especially if you are staying right down town.  But, I'll try somewhere else next time I'm in Charlotte - hence 3 stars.
5	We were in town for the Belk Bowl and went to Mert's for lunch.  It was excellent, staff was very friendly.  FYI, try the macaroni & cheese and cornbread with tHe honey butter, YUM!!!!
5	I'm writing this review as a pat on the back for the service at Mert's. The food there is awesome as reflected in other reviews & we've certainly never been disappointed. What's even better than their food though, is the wonderful service. From the time you walk in the door, you feel as if you are a guest at someone's house as opposed to a customer. They bend over backwards to bring you whatever you need and sometimes even anticipate what you may be needing before you get the chance to ask!  I highly recommend Mert's!!
5	Really, its as good as it gets. The food is hot and fresh. The cornbread is awesome and the service is good...I love this place.
4	Food is good, service started out slow, but got better.  The salmon  cakes are the BOMB, and it's real fish (Not can).  Nice portions of food... Nice outside sitting if it's a nice day.
5	Definitely a must go to! I had the locals recommend this place to me. It was so good i ate two dinners her the same night. I had Sharon serve me and she really knew her stuff. She first suggested  the salmon cakes which were amazing with the side sauce. This is a MUST get if your trying something out there for the first time.Add a sweet tea to it as well! Cannot go wrong with that!Then she suggested the sweet potato pie, which was AMAZING!!! It was so fluffy and tasty! And it was a nice portion as well!Then I went back later for my second dinner and I got the shrimp and grits, which was a southern classic and that was very good as well! I cannot complain, the service was amazing, they took care or me there and they really are very kind and nice to you!They make you feel like family there and they all are very generous. Portions are great and food is AMAZING!!! Definitely eat here if your in the neighborhood!
4	Mert's is one of those go-to, Charlotte staple, consistently filling, always busy, and good-luck-finding-a-seat kind of spots you can't miss if you're a regular diner around town. Even if you're in town for an extended stay, Mert's should fall on your radar within in the first few days. Where I'm not a huge soul/comfort food goer on the regular, the fried chicken, fried catfish, mac n' cheese and other sides have all sang beautifully upon my many visits. One thing that sticks out more frequently and consistently beckons my palate is the lemonade. Goodness gracious, it's that good. Sometimes, I think of stopping in just for a big glass to go. One thing to keep in mind about Mert's is that it functions quite differently than other Uptown culinary hearths. This place is busy throughout the week and the weekends. Not uncommon for them to be on a wait well into a Sunday afternoon. Plan accordingly, should you find yourself visiting during any "peak" hour. Service is ever-so friendly and I love the "shoe art(?)" in the men's bathroom. Kind of odd, but definitely worth a gander if you've never seen it. Mert's, thank you. Just...for everything.
4	I ordered fried chicken, greens, red beans and corn bread.  The fried chicken was delicious.  Crispy and moist, the chicken itself was really tasty.  The greens were good, solid but nothing special.  The beans really needed seasoning.  The corn bread was perfect.  I also ordered the fried green tomato appetizer.  These had a really tough breading and needed a better accompaniment.  I also wish they had Tobasco or Louisianna Hot Sauce because Texas Pete and whatever Mexican and Vietnamese sauces just aren't really appropriate with this food in my opinion.  I wouldn't have needed it but everything needed a bit of something.  This is really a 3 1/2 star place for me.  I love the place itself and the service has always been pretty good, the prices are very good too.  This is a good place to go if you are downtown.
1	My husband & I went here based on the reviews from here. We were in Charlotte for our anniversary and I was eager to try the local cuisine. I like trying small businesses and supporting them. With that said...Mert's was disappointing and overpriced. The fried chicken was bland, you should not have to put salt on fried chicken. The Mac n cheese and pound cake was ok at best. The fish had bones in it and one got caught in the back of hubby's throat. The greens and yams were ok. The WORST was the red beans; tasted like they were cooked in a caldron of hell. I got peach cobbler and could not eat it because it was disgusting!!! Horrible!!! If I go to a place especially a mom and pop and spend almost $40 for 2 dinners and 2 desserts it should be excellent. I have gone to mom pop shacks spend under $20 and got excellent food like grandma makes. I would not recommend this place and would never go back. I can't believe people like this food. It's too bad I have to leave this review because I love supporting small businesses and especially black operated small businesses. Yuck!
4	Mert's is awesome! I'm visiting from out of town for work and a local took me here for lunch. Hands down my favorite meal in Charlotte, and about 1/4 the price of other places in the area.I had the salmon cakes which were awesome-- great salmon flavor with cajun kick. The cornbread was tasty and kind of cake-like, mac 'n' cheese was delicious with a nice baked top, and the collard greens were good too.Will definitely be back next time I'm in town!
3	Based on the previous reviews i was super excited to eat here. However i was a bit disapointed. Fried chicken was kind of bland but nice and juicy and the fried catfish was kind of soggy. Mac and cheese and greens were very good. Service was slow.
4	The best corn bread I have every had! This is definitely the place to go for southern comfort food. I have been here several times for lunch & dinner but this past time was for breakfast. I had the shrimp and grits. There was a little too much sauce but it was still great.The wait staff is great.  We were greeted right away. Our food came out quickly. We sat and chatted for over an hour and a half over coffee. Any waitress that walked by with a pot of coffee offered us more.
2	Sunday morning the cornbread hits the spot.  The rest of the meal, food and service, was mediocre at best. To tell the truth, the service ran along the lines of pretty poor. We sat outside and the tables around us were annoyed with the bad service too. Actually the woman at the table of three directly across from us kept telling customers to "go away" when they came dine. She also was served the wrong meal but no one ever came back to check on her.We started the meal with the fried green tomatoes - Fresh green tomatoes battered in a herb and flour blend, lightly fried to perfection and served with our own remoulade sauce - it was served with our cornbread and the server said she would return with side plates but never did. She never refilled our drinks either. The fried green tomatoes had a very heavy batter on them. It was hard to find "tomatoes" in the dish. I would resist trying this appetizer.We waited a long time for our main course which is why it was probably cold when it arrived at our table. Scott had the special beef tip omelet with potatoes. He had asked for wheat toast but we were told they had none and they would bring white. They never bought the toast or asked if his meal was good. I tried the Mert's famous salmon cakes. These were dry and cold and my sides the macaroni & cheese - tasty - and okra & tomatoes - greasy? - were also suffering from being left sitting waiting for someone to bring them to our table. After finally chasing someone down inside we got our check. With all the options in the neighborhood to try we probably won't add this to our list of great places to dine.
4	Melt in your mouth cornbread. Soul rolls that make you want to testify. Down home friendly service. Shrimp and Grits that make you smile. Great food close to downtown.
4	I ordered all vegetables and was not disappointed.  The mac and cheese was cheesy, the string beans Southern style (no pork, a big plus) and the cabbage ..yum.  The cornbread was good too.  I enjoyed my visit to C harlotte and my visit to Mert's.  I'll be back.
2	I really wanted to get grub at Price's, but they don't have a dining area and I didn't want to get take out.Came here for lunch.  Waitresses was pushing hard on the chicken tenders that she loved.  Free cornbread was average.   I had the fried chicken and sides of mashed potatoes and mac n' cheese.  Surprisingly, none of it was really that good.  Service was cheerful though.I guess the best part was I was able to park in downtown Charlotte, found a free spot, and wasn't towed when I was done eating here.
5	This restaurant is my favorite restaurant in Uptown. I first visited this restaurant before I moved to Charlotte. I was walking Uptown one day and decided to give them a try. Once I saw that they served soul food, that was it for me. For one reason it is very hard to find restaurants nowadays that are homey and laid back. It feels like home when you walk in the door. You've gotta be crazy to not like the place. They serve everything from fried chicken, corn bread (with each meal), BBQ beef ribs (since I don't eat pork , that was definitely a winner for me), and lamb chops. My favorite sides are their mac & cheese, collard greens and sweet potatoes. At first taste, I thought I had died and gone to heaven. I felt like I was in my Mother's kitchen again. The food is great, the staff is great and I would recommend it to anyone. Out of all the times I've gone, there was only once that I was a little displeased with what I had ordered.
4	After eating a disappointing, overpriced dinner the night before, my group was thrilled to find this sweet spot in downtown Charlotte!We loved the quirky decor and immediately felt the warm fuzzies for our energetic waitress.We were there for breakfast, but I personally was excited to hear that there were meat and veggies choices available too.Good flavored coffee was a welcome beginning , as was the yummy cornbread and crunchy biscuits.5 stars would have been given , but some in our party said their omelette choices were just ok.My non traditional meal of salmon patties, collard greens and home fries was yummy!  Everything was seasoned and cooked perfectly. I look forward to a return to this place.  Egg rolls filled with collards and black eyed peas and roasted veggies are on my list of things to try next time.  Gourmet soul food at its best!
2	I really wanted to like this place.  It had cool old wood signs and their original menu on a chalkboard, and friendly welcoming staff.  The menu has a lot of good sounding items, but the problem for me was I was expecting some good Southern cookin with chicken fried chicken or chicken fried steak.  So, I went for the fried chicken breast and it was just blah, dry and no flavor.  The saving grace which earned the extra star was that the side veggies were good and the cornbread was delicious.
5	Because there are so many overwhelmingly positive reviews of Mert's, there isn't too much I can write about that hasn't been already covered. In the simplest terms: The food is very good, but it does a get a little busy on the weekends, and it isn't cheap.I've ate at Mert's three times, and I haven't had a bad meal yet. Their salmon patties are great alone, but put their remoulade sauce on it and it's perfect, seriously! Their catfish is nicely breaded and flaky, and their sides are equally wonderful too. I've tried most of them and they're all spectacular. Their soul sampler appetizer includes a soul roll, chicken tenders, and bbq ribs. Delicious, but a whopping $12. Don't expect to eat at Mert's for less than $25 for two people!
5	Great fried chicken! love their fresh, fully veg collard greens! the mac and cheese is the good ol' Southern country style. Always fresh, always fast. Highly recommend this place.
5	This is the best soul restaurant!!! The soul rolls are a must have. The waitresses are so nice and helpful and are quick to fix a mix up.  I loved the place. Any time I'm in Charlotte, this is a must have!
5	This place is a must-go for me when in Charlotte.Great Southern food, good service, very reasonable prices (considering the location of the restaurant)....I really can't think of anything negative to say about Mert's.My husband and I have visited here twice now on our two most recent visits to Charlotte. Both times I ordered the salmon cakes, which as others have mentioned, are very tasty and with the remoulade are even better. The portions are large and it is hard to finish a plate. I also love the mac and cheese (very cheesy) and the collards. My husband is a big fan of the fried chicken, saying it was some of the best he has had at a restaurant.I also love the cornbread that they bring out before the meal. The bread is sweet and the pieces are also large. Our service here has been very attentive and friendly.I highly recommend this place to anyone who likes good Southern food!
3	I REEEEAAALLY wanted to like Mert's...Any place that has Heart and Soul in the name has to be delicious in my opinion. First, I will say, I will give Mert's another chance in the future. I went on a Friday night after work and it was crammed full. I took that as a good sign because that many people here has to say something right?? We were quickly seated, the food came out fast and I don't really have any complaints about that.I ordered the Salmon Cakes with mashed potatoes and green beans. I thought this would be a glowing review based on what I'd heard, and how crazy busy the place was. The salmon cakes were pretty good, potatoes were so so, and I don't even remember if the green beans were good... I'm just sort of disappointed based on what I thought it would be like. The service was ok, nothing extraordinary and I felt the same about the food I ordered. Shortly after walking out, my stomach was so upset, and stayed that way for a couple of days.The best thing about this place was the corn bread, and the sweet butter. Perhaps next time I'll listen to the other reviews and go for the chicken?
2	The cornbread was the best part of the meal, all the other menu items I tried was sub-par.
4	I'm definitely a fan. The service was awesome, prices were right and the food was filling. We went for brunch and walked into a mostly empty restaurant. The sweet potato pancake had a unique texture, a bit on the sweet side (no syrup necessary), but delish. The biscuits were buttery and flaky. Awesome. The Shrimp Creole omelette was tasty and really filling. It was filled with shrimp and topped with a spicy tomato based sauce. Skip the OJ - it's the gross concentrate kind. A great down-home Southern restaurant tucked away in Uptown.
5	My buddy Bob and I were in town for a convention this week.  Wanted to go local and have a meal that I wouldn't get up in NJ.  Merts did not disappoint.It's not upscale, fancy, yuppified, or pretentious.Everything was a little unique to Merts.Waitress sold us on her favorites which, for us, was dead on.  The beef ribs and pulled pork melt in your mouth delicious with an outstanding tomato and vinegar based sauce.Sides of okra, collards, Mac & cheese paired well. The sampler platter was very unique for a BBQ joint and is a must to try if your are willing to try something new.The Corn bread and sweet butter was a great compliment to the meet.  It's half the price of Roosters up the street and you will not leave hungry.  The very next day we were craving for more.
5	Can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet.  I used to live uptown and would come here for lunch often.  I'm not a cornbread fan but I do love their cornbread. I also finally had their chicken tenders over the weekend and they were excellent.  I debated between the salmon cakes or the chicken tenders and decided to try something different and I'm glad I did.I had the mac and cheese and collard greens as my accompaniments and I was pretty full, but couldn't take a doggie bag since I was headed to SMG for a movie :(This is the place I try to take out-of-towners and point tourists towards since to me this is Charlotte cooking and it has a great location uptown on College.
5	Not only was the food wonderful but the staff are friendly.  The ribs are sooooo tender and the red beans & rice are fabulous.  The cornbread is YummmmmY.
5	No idea what the service complaints are about. I was seated during a very busy Sunday brunch/midday time. I never felt ignored although the service staff was working extremely hard to keep up. I worry that some of these reviewers want to be treated like they're the only people in the restaurant (or the only ones that matter). I went in with an open heart and mind and was not disappointed at all.The cornbread that everyone raves about? Totally deserving. The best I've had at any restaurant, ever. The fried chicken was crisp on the outside and juicy on the inside -- again, tops. The green beans I had were not the best ever, but they were very good. The mac and cheese was extremely tasty, and I think I'd have a tough time getting my kids to leave the restaurant once they tried it!My server was gracious and sassy, just as I like 'em. When I ordered a dessert ('nana puddin') after the meal, she told me it was really good and I'd better save her a little taste. But I couldn't do it. The food was so good, I wished I had two mouths and two stomachs. She pretended to be mad at me for eating all the pudding, but I think she was happier with the generous tip.I will come back to this place any time I'm in Charlotte!
5	I checked yelp for southern food while in Charlotte and ended up eating here 3 days in a row. Had great service each visit and great food.  The Collard Greens are the best anywhere.  Everything else I tried was good.. I couldn't believe how much  salmon was in the Salmon Cakes, they were loaded.  Cornbread is mighty tasty as well.   The macaroni and cheese is tasty, but super buttery,  a little rich for me. Prices are super reasonable, most of my meals were about $10 with tax and tip.
5	I love this place.  There was a time when I ate here twice a week.  The food is amazing and very true to its Gullah/Carolina roots of down-home, Southern cuisine.  Everything is fresh, delicious, and remarkably low-priced.
5	Not a lot to say other than great southern comfort food. Good fried chicken, great beef ribs. Small servings of ribs, but great flavor. Loved the collard greens and coconut cake. I'd go back. Definately worth trying.
4	The fried chicken is crispy and damn good. The mac and cheese is appropriately mac-y and cheesy. The chicken tenders are everything you want them to be (on a salad they're almost healthy*). The slaw is chopped until it's almost pureed, and it's freshness cuts through all that grease. And believe me, I'm happy as a pig in shit** sitting outside listening to the Beverly Hills Cop theme song, shaking Texas Pete onto a quarter chicken with a Carolina Blonde to cool me down.But I would give all that up if it didn't include the cornbread. These tall, warm, individual mini-loaves are the fluffiest, moistest pieces of cornbread I've ever encountered, and with the slab of whipped, sweet butter melting slowly into the golden sides...I would come back just for this cornbread and nothing else. But if I HAVE to order the fried chicken to get it, I'll bite that bullet. _____________*Not true.**Never said that before, but it seems appropriate here.
3	So just like you I saw all the great ratings and this place was close to my hotel so I figured it was a no-brainer. It's ok.... but not "averaging 4 stars ok."I had the red beans, rice, and smoked sausage. There was literally no flavor in the dish at all. I had to drown it in hot sauce for it to taste like anything. The fried green tomatoes were soggy and average. The star of my meal was the cabbage surprisingly.The service was great. Everything else, meh.I don't think this place is bad by any means, but I won't be heading back anytime soon.
4	We went here with some friends after an event. They couldn't believe we hadn't heard of it. Soul Food, sounds good to me! The portions were huge, our waiter was exceptionally nice and patient. Super sweet guy! We all tried different things... the mac was just ok, but the chicken was great. Fried chicken isn't something I usually get, but the fried chicken wings (no sauce on them) were killer. It's such a cool unusual place to visit - you feel like you stepped back in time. I enjoyed it for something new to try.
4	Ok, just to dispel any misunderstandings, this isn't true "soul food" - it's great southern cooking.We have been here three times since living in Charlotte and continue to come back for more. The mac-and-cheese is to die for, and every entree we've had has been terrific. I usually get the fried chicken tenders but opted for the barbecue ribs last time I was here, and was not disappointed. The cornbread is a huge plus but is usually too much for me to finish. Shrimp and Grits is an all-time favorite for me as well. If you can, save room for dessert. If they have it, the german chocolate cake is a total win.Go for al fresco dining if you can (weather permitting) - nothing like sitting outside and watching the sites of Uptown Charlotte.
5	Excellent! Home cooking, friendly service and the pies are amazing!!
3	3 stars AT best. I don't think the food is anything special. Don't get me wrong, it didn't taste bad, but I don't think it is worth 4 stars. I ordered the catfish and fried chicken quarter leg with mac and cheese and seasoned rice. My GF ordered the beef ribs with okra and tomatoes and home fries. We both didn't think anything was seasoned well/had any great flavor.The service was great though. We were welcomed and seated very quickly (we arrived at 6:30PM on a Friday night). Overall, I don't think it was anything special. Like other people have said, it wasn't bad, but I wouldn't go back again.
5	I've been here twice and it's the best southern cooking I've ever had, including in Savannah.  This place is the real deal.  Every entree in our party of 20+ looked and tasted amazing.  The cornbread is super good and a slice of cake for desert is a must.  Just pick your favorite, if you can pick just one.  YUM!!!
5	Went there with my parents (who are incredible health freaks) but wanted to try southern food, and we all loved it despite (or because off??) all the fried stuff. We ordered a Southern Sampler and a Soul Sampler, and it was perfect for the three of us. Granted we all eat like birds, but literally EVERYTHING was absolutely delicious and very cheap! It was a beautiful day, so we sat outside and had a wonderful dinner with good service.
5	Where to begin...Even the bread and butter served to each table is utterly delicious! Located conveniently in the downtown, Uptown, the restaurant exuded southern hospitality. The smell of fried everything wafted from the kitchen. Sign posters on the walls showed pretty much every stage actor ever had stopped in. And the staff was friendly as could be.As for the food, there was absolutely nothing that feel short of expectations. Fried tomatoes, mmm mmm mmm! Green beans cooked in delicious country ham juices. Fried Chicken, salivating good!Our waitress kept emphasizing desserts. We went ahead and got some strawberry shortcake, a sweet explosion of flavor later, we exited satisfied, with smiles on our faces, and about 5 pounds heavier.
1	I had such high hopes for this place but it fell short in many ways. I had their fried green tomatoes and for $6, I got 4 slices of skinny green tomatoes, deep fried and over battered.  Tried their fried chicken, it wsa crispy but why is the portion so small. The table cloth is grimy and sticky..Try a Waffle house and I think you'll have a better dining experience.
4	Food was on point and very delicious,  however our waitress was NOT the deal. He wasn't very friendly and added extra food to the order, repetitive of things that I did order causing me to have lots of the same things.  He didn't explain how orders came and often heard us call him only to pause and glance in our direction. We were NOT rude or anything of that nature. Greens could have been a lil better instead of like leaves but other than that,  I loved it. I won't let that one black monkey stop my show! !! I will be back!!!!
4	This is my second visit to Mert's (the first time Yelp wouldn't let me be great and check in). They decor is artisy and eclectic and includes a diner style dessert counter. (My inner fatty girl rejoices) if you are on one of those "starve myself of carbs because they are the devil" diets do yourself a favor and skip this place because the cornbread is a MUST! I got the fried jumbo chicken wings which were delicious, the greens, which were flavorful but not very juicy like I prefer mine. The only disappointment from my meal were my yams. Basically because I had more juice than potato :-( Staff was friendly and attentive. I'll definitely be returning for some banana pudding.
4	Great Food....
3	It's been several years since I've been to Mert's, and I have to say I was a little let down.  Now don't get me wrong the food is still good, although not consistent from dish to dish.  The cornbread is on point, buttered to die for.  The Salmon cakes were not very well seasoned, the collards on the tasteless side. The Mac and cheese was creamy and delish.  The service is still terrific, the staff friendly and very attentive. They greeted me like they just saw me yesterday, with that "come in and set a spell", Southern charm.  While my meal was not great, I would go again for the "Tiger Wood" (sweet iced tea/lemonade), and to try something different on the menu,
4	We loves us some soul food and Mert's never disappoints! When we are in Charlotte it is a fun and filling place to visit. The cornbread is what every other piece of cornbread aspires to be.... The mac and cheese is rich and filling..... The fried chicken is crispy outside, tender inside... True comfort food.
5	Some of the best good I ever had. Period. And the prices... How do they turn a profit? I don't get it. But I'm just visiting from New York.
3	The cornbread is great, maybe that has to do with the butter:)  But, other than that I thought it was alright, but have had better.  The greens were biter and I thought the red beans and rice would be a hit here, but wasn't all that impressed. I had higher hopes on my first visit but was sort of disappointed.  On the bright side the service was attentive.
4	Love Merts. Hate trying to find parking. Cornbread is good, salmon is good, pork chops are amazing. Chicken is ok. Bit of a soul-food-meets-Cajun restaurant, good local flavor. Love supporting somewhere that's not a chain.
5	I finally made it to Mert's for dinner. I got the beef ribs. They were pretty good. The Mac and Cheese was delicious and a little burned on the bottom, just the way I like it. My dad got the chopped pork barbeque and loved it. I could eat that cornbread all night. Every time we've ever been here, the service has been extremely friendly which pushes them from 4 stars to 5 stars. I will definitely be back and next time I'll have to save room for desert.
4	Great spot for your southern comfort.I had the Salmon Cakes:- It was done very well, the outside was perfectly crispy and the inside was soft delicious salmon.  The sauce that goes on it was delicious too, I have no idea what type of sauce it was, some type of spicy mayo; superb.- Candied yams that came on the side was perfect for my sweet tooth.- Corn bread.  Not the best that I've had, but a good balance between moist and dry.- Macaroni + Cheese, was good, nothing too special, but still good.- Service.  Was great.  I told them that I needed to leave quickly and hop on a plane.  They took my orders quickly, brought my food out quickly, and cashed me out quick.  I could appreciate it.  And the waitress was very personable.
5	Was in Charlotte for two days and Merts Heart & Soul was recommended by everyone. Good food great location and I was impressed by the price. I went for Dinner Saturday then brunch on Sunday. I recommend it to
2	Service was great! Servers had awesome personalities and were very hospitable. However, the food..... Sucked. The collards were not cook well and my salmon patties were burnt. The corn bread (which is what they are known for) was extremely dry and tasted like it came out of a box. We waited over an hour and a half to be seated (granted we did have a party of 7) only to be disappointed. This was not good Soul Food at all.
4	My friend and I were driving from DC and finally made it to Charlotte. We've never been to Charlotte, North Carolina and was craving some serious Southern food. We came in and it was really busy. I ordered the fried chicken breast with sides of collard greens and mac and cheese and my friend ordered the Whiting poboy. The collard greens reminds me of Vietnamese mustard and greens and was so good. That is probably the best friend chicken I've ever had. The skin was flavorful and the meat was juicy and tender. Many times friend chicken comes out really dry, but not at Mert's. Of course I completed my Southern meal with some sweet tea.
4	Had some fried chicken and carolina style pulled pork along with green beans and potatoes. They also had great biscuits. I really liked the pulled pork-- really flavorful and moist, but the fried chicken was mediocre. Especially after reading many great reviews, I was disappointed in the chicken. Really neat atmosphere downtown charlotte.
5	Best soul food in Charlotte. Other than the clogged arteries, nothing to complain about. The cornbread is amazing by the way, probably the most memorable part of my meal.
5	Deeeeeeelicious!  Split the pork BBQ plate w/collards & yams with a friend who got the salmon cakes.  Both were wonderful.We're moving in as soon as possible.  Or at least going for breakfast tomorrow morning!
4	Mert's was an interesting introduction to soul food.  We ordered sweet tea, salmon cakes with collard greens and black-eyed peas, fried chicken (dark) with collard greens and rice and fried catfish with okra and steamed cabbage.  Before all the food came out, the plate of 3 hot and piping corn breads were served with butter.  Very fresh, right out of the oven.  Don't eat too much of this corn bread or you won't be able to finish your meal.The salmon cakes came with a spicy aioli - very tasty salmon cakes and I like the aioli.  The fried chicken was darn good!The fried catfish - even better!  No fishy smell.  Just fresh catfish with that nice spicy aioli.Collard Greens, Black-Eyed Peas, Okra, Steamed Cabbage - all good!No room for dessert after lunch but I understand that there's 13 varieties of cake to choose from!
4	I thought I'd avoid the crowd by dining a little late but the place was PACKED! I love the look and feel of the restaurant although it was a bit warm inside. I asked for a table outside and had my pick...probably a little chilly for some but just right for me. Sweet tea and a corn bread CAKE were brought out right away. It was the size of a small pound cake and I knew I was in for trouble! I ordered the salmon cakes, greens and mac & cheese. Salmon cakes had lost their crispness on the outside, but the flavor was delicious. The greens were leafy and large and JUST RIGHT! And god bless the mac & cheese. Oozing with buttery cheesy goodness and a touch of the topping that had baked up brown and I may as well have died and gone to heaven.Of course I could not finish all the food. But my server offered a box without my asking. Great food and great service.
5	My body was telling me no, but my heart was telling me yes towards the end of my meal. I just wanted to keep eating, savoring each bite despite being so full I could puke. My lips were doing that quivering thing from being so full. This was one of the most memorable meals I've ever had.Conveniently located in the heart of downtown, Mert's is the textbook example of what soul food means. The environment is casual and affordable, a bit jazzy, and very Southern. I felt like I was in a grandmother's kitchen, full of history and down home hospitality.My run down of this epic meal can't do the flavors justice. The cornbread was the best I've ever had, no competition. It was thick, warm, not crumbly, very sweet. It was a meal in itself. The green beans were prepared in such a way that leads me to believe this is not a choice for the health minded. They were juicy, wonderfully greasy, and contained spots of other wonderful veggies and greens.The candied yams were a treat. Each bite melts in your mouth as the flavors build in your mouth. A tad of cinnamon, a tad of syrup, a lot of velvety sweet potatoey love. My husband told me that these were the best thing he's ever eaten in his life.Finally, the fried chicken breast was something of legend. The exterior texture was addicting but not salty or typical in anyway. The poultry itself had a ton if depth in terms of flavor, and tasted as if each inch of it was personally marinated somehow with a hint of smokiness, rotisserie, sweetness, peppery... Just a bit of everything. There isn't a fried chicken that can come close to Mert's as far as I'm concerned. If you are in the Charlotte area, Mert's is a must. Not eating here would be the biggest missed opportunity while visiting. You can feel the love here: for the city and inside the food.
2	I liked the atmosphere but the food was WAY too salty.  Just didn't care for it.
4	My only complaint was that the biscuits were a bit hard, in any case I had brunch which was the Carolina BBQ with Grits and salmon cakes. I was not impressed with the home fries; which seemed not to fresh. The staff and servers were really welcoming and it was good service.
2	Let me first say how delicious the cornbread was!The catfish that I  ordered was a fillet with a lot of batter on it although it was seasoned nice it was just to much breading for me ( and i thought i was going to get the whole fish not the fillet). The yams were out of a can so that was a major let down. The mac and cheese was not to my liking at all it tasted like it was made with velvetta and other cheap cheeses.The fried chicken was lightly fried and not crispy either but the collard greens were well seasoned.Seems like a tourist spot to me. The staff was friendly and I liked the crowd I didn't get a chance to try the homemade cakes although they looked pretty tasty.I can at least say that I tried this place :)
4	Great southern cooking.  The blackened pork chops were excellent with mac and cheese and yams.  The service was very friendly but a little iffy.  Our appetizers were delivered after our meals.  Also, we were told they were sold out of our beer, even though we were sitting next to cases of it.  The price was good and worth a visit.
4	Great service and even better soul food. Try the fried green tomatoes, Mac and cheese, collards, catfish and fried chicken.
4	The food was great. I had the catfish & chicken qtr. combo with greens & yams. You could tell the sides were made ahead of time (they were barely room temperature) but were still pretty tasty. I'd recommend checking this place out if you find yourself in Charlotte!
5	This review is based on the BBQ sandwich and macaroni - awesome. The sandwich is a perfect blend of tender meat and sauce. It's not overkill with meat falling all over the place. If you want a sloppy concession stand type sandwich this isn't the place for you. However, if you want a bbq sandwich you can brag about when someone asks about NC bbq, this is the spot. Oh, the macaroni is ridiculous. I believe it's homemade. Yummy!
2	Had dinner last night here. The food left a lot to be desired. Reputation aside the salmon cakes had no seasoning and the ribeye was tough. Really disappointing. I've been here before when I come to Charlotte and had better food. Hopefully, this was a one-off.
5	Unbelievable.  I was in Charlotte on business and was told this was the place.  And wow, they were  right.  Great staff...Great food.  Neat place.  Every visit to Charlotte will include Mert's.  And the corn bread is unbelievable.
3	I love Mert's- I have been going there for years, and I have written about them on here. I was disappointed today, though. I wanted to try something different than my usual salmon cakes, potato salad and okra and tomatoes. So today for lunch I had the catfish, with mac and cheese and collard greens. I was a little confused when my food came, because the menu says that it's a whole fish, and that the meat comes easily off the bone. Whatever I got was a filet. I asked about it and the server told me the whiting is larger. I probably should have asked how the catfish was before I ordered it. I can not recommend it. The mac and cheese was ok, and the collards were good. But this was not my best meal at Mert's. I'll be back, but I'll stick with my usual order next time.
5	Food was great. Chicken tenders that I ordered for the kids was awesome. Southern fried chicks was real good too.
4	Eight of us went to Mert's today for lunch.  We started out our meal with fried green tomatoes and soul rolls.  The soul rolls were delicious.  I had the beef ribs with Mac and cheese and okra and tomatoes.  The ribs were good, but the sauce was sweeter than preferred.  The Mac and cheese was excellent and the okra was good.  Everyone seemed to enjoy their meals.  Service was excellent.
5	Excellent southern staples and great atmosphere and reasonable prices. Highly recommended. We came here with our kids and it was a good fit for the too. Loved the fried catfish.
5	YUMM CORNBREAD. This place probably has the best cornbread I've ever had in my life. Period.I was in town for a day, and wanted to pick up somethingfor the road. My colleagues recommended Mert's, and I'm glad I went. I ordered a catfish, collard greens, and acorn squash for me, and a beef tips, mac n' cheese, and collard greens for the special guy picking me up from the airport. I gobbled down the cornbread right away, it was so delicious. Now I know nothing tastes as good as when it's first made, but for surviving a 10-hour trip, these meals were pretty darn good.Highly recommend!
4	Delicious Southern food!The cornbread was so good. I got BBQ Beef Ribs, with Mac & Cheese, Collard Greens, and Yams. The ribs were full of yummy NC vinegary flavor, the mac was cheesy and good, the collard greens were tangy and flavorful, and the yams were savory and sweet. For my first dinner in Charlotte, I was def satisfied.Prices are decent, and the service is good.Parking can be a little tough. My best suggestion would be to park in one of the nearby structures, bc there really isn't street parking.
2	This restaurant seemed perfect online but when I went there  it was totally different experience. As soon as stepped a foot in the restaurant I was in the face with bad smell which was combination of old frid fosh and burnt oil. This smell will stick to you for four to five  hours at least.The corn bread was the only good thing in the restaurant. I ordered chicken wings which was cold and "rubbery".My friend ordered po-boy chicken  tenders tge bread was old and hard consequendly  he couldn't eat his sandwich.
5	Great place to experience home cooked style southern food. Yams are delicious along with salmon fish cakes and sweet potato cake for dessert
4	I had the beef short ribs, collards and Opera n tomatoes. Collards are the best. Never had em with chopped onion and chopped maters b4 but that's fixin to b standard at our house. Just a hint of vinegar and spice. Really good. Okra n maters were great too. Cooked tender - crisp. Not mushy or slimy. Beef short ribs were well done and seasoned moderately.  You can always put hot sauce on if you want more heat. Texas Pete, Cholula n an oriental offering were on the table. The wife had fried chicken breast quarter, collards n black eyes. The chicken was OK but not great. It was a bit over done and had a bit of an old oil taste. The peas had a peculiar herb flavor that neither of us has tasted b4. That didn't work for us. She loved the collards. The cornbread n butter were great. I tried a Carolina Blonde ale that the waitress described as a cream ale.  It was more like an India pale ale. It was good. The service was prompt, pleasant and timely. Food was served quickly. Prices were very reasonable. Unusual for a downtown restaurant, especially in the tony hotel neighborhood. Overall, a pleasant early dinner.
4	Great fried chicken and excellent salmon patties with spicy remoulade sauce. Cornbread is very light and tasty. Service was very friendly and welcoming. Vegetable sides were on the lighter side and delicious. Has a diner feel with good Motown and soul music.
1	I am a new resident to the City of Charlotte. In search of some where to have dinner in the uptown area, to celebrate my friends Birthday, we came across this quant  place. bypassing 5star gourmet restaurants we opted to have  a quite dinner with some soul food. The restaurant was interestingly decorated  and the menu was appetizing.  The service on the other hand was not.  I had never tried shrimp and grits before  so I being a special occasion I decided to try something new. when the dish came to the table the presentation was nice however the taste was not satisfactory. it was overloaded with onion and It was not enjoyable to me. So I then asked the waitress if something could be done because I didn't like  the dish. She told me "I have to get the manager, because I can't change once the food is on the table."  I told her that was fine. The manager never came to offer any apologies nor explain what the solution could be. the waitress comes back after like 15mn and says "She says pick something of the menu and we'll trade it out." I then chose the chicken dinner. The waitress nor the food did not come back for almost another 20mn. she then comes to the table not to refill drinks or to apologize for the wait. but to offer to bag up the meal and bring the check. at this point I was embarrassed for bringing my friend to this place and irritated because I was hungry and very annoyed with the service I told her yes please bring the check. she brings a check not only with the meal I changed for but also the initial meal that I did not eat. I was confused asked to speak tho the manager by another waitress. that waitress says sure she's the lady over there in the red shirt.  and walks the other way.  So I then call the manager over to clarify that this was a mistake. she says "If the owner was here he would not be playing with y'all. He would make you pay for both. I on the other hand will take it off." I was floored at the way she spoke to me and the fact that the owner would make a patron pay for something they didn't like. I felt stereo typed and embarrassed that it was my people to treat us this way. So needless to say we will not be returning back to this establishment ever! I hope this is not hospitality in Charlotte.
3	People in charlotte rave about mert's, so we had to try it.It's just ok in my opinion.  I had a combo platter when I came: beef ribs, fried catfish, collards, and Mac and cheese.  The beef ribs were not quite what I was expecting or really would have ordered if I had known.  They were the short kind - and in this case, emphasis on short.  There was very little meat on them. The BBQ sauce was too vinegary for my tastes, just ok.  The catfish was solid, but again, when I was eating it I still didn't understand the hype.  The collards were the best part of the meal (delicious take on a classic), and the Mac and cheese was good too, though under seasoned. My partner had the salmon cakes, which were very good.  I don't remember what else she had, but this aspect was memorable and quite good.We both had cake for dessert, which again were good but not outstanding.The atmosphere is cool here. I like the bright colors and the VERY friendly and courteous wait staff.  You can tell they want their customers to be happy, but the food just wasn't that great, so I can't go above 3 stars for now.  We may try mert's again, so we'll see.
5	Mert's was amazing!  I had the fried chicken, mac'n'cheese and collards - good sized servings at really good prices!  My boyfriend got the beef ribs, mashed potatoes and mac'n'cheese.... everything was delicious!  The waitress we had was on point!  She was friendly, energetic and extremely fast!  I will be going back!!!
4	My girlfriend and I went to Mert's Heart & Soul while in Charlotte, NC looking to try some soul food that was well known in the city.  When we arrived we could see the place was crowded but were seated within a few minutes.  We ordered the Fried Green Tomato since we never had it before and it was very good.  We also tried the Soul Rolls which were also good.  For my daily fixins I ordered the Fried Cat Fish while my girlfriend had Mert's Famous Salmon Cakes.  We were happy with our food including the sides of macaroni & cheese, okra, mashed potatoes, and collard greens.  We also tried a slice of coconut cake.  The only thing we didn't like was that the restaurant seemed a bit dirty.  Overall, we really liked the food here and would recommend it to anyone looking for quality soul food.
4	Love this place!  Delicious homemade food.  I have been here for breakfast about 5 times.  It is my go to breakfast/brunch spot when in Charlotte.  I always bring friends and they love it as well.  Fresh eggs, delicious mac and cheese, corn bread.  They have always been fine with altering and substituting ingredients, which is always nice.  Servers are super fast and friendly!
2	The cornbread was good but everything was without season and it was fruit Flys (along with the traps) everywhere! The collard greens had an excessive amount of uncooked onions and tomatoes. I would not recommend this to anyone if you are in the mood for good food.
5	Delicious..tried pork chops bbq cube steak potatoes gravy mac cheese....collards and green beans...all great !!!!!
5	The food here is unbelievably amazing. I had the fried chicken with mac and cheese (to die for) and yams (delicious). I got red velvet cake to go. Cornbread is super good. This is the real deal.
2	I don't know what all the fuss is about.  The cornbread is good, but they are stingy with the butter.  (one little container for four small loaves).  The servings for the kids meals were ridiculously small, and they burnt the outside of the chicken fingers!  My kids would not even eat them.  Another big problem.....parking!  Charlotte is not getting locals into downtown on the weekends because you have to pay to park everywhere!  I called the restaurant before going and asked where to park.  The person told me we could park for free in the Holiday Inn parking garage.  Not so!  We had to pay $8 just to park for lunch!  All said, we spent $60 for soul food!  Rice and bean, shrimp creole, one kids plate of 2 chicken fingers, and one kids vegetable plate.  Also, kids meals did not include a drink, and they charge $2.00 for a child's drink.  It was hot in the restaurant, loud from the voices of other diners, and you couldn't hear the music.  This place is not worth the price.  I could have prepared that food several times over for what I paid in that restaurant!
5	I went here last night with my parents for dinner. I had heard great things about Mert's and boy were they right! The fried green tomatoes were really good and the remoulade was to die for! The catfish was perfectly battered and the mac and cheese reminded me of my Grandmas... so good. The green beans were cooked just how I like them. Also to die for that we got to try, the shrimp n grits, beef short ribs, and the pound cake. Corn bread was great and the blue cheese dressing was SO good and obviously homemade. The lemonade being homemade was a treat. The service was better than I could have EVER expected, better than most restaurants. Great environment and decor. I will probably start going here regularly, as I work only a few blocks away!
3	Food was slow. Not so impressed with the breakfast items. The macaroni and cheese was very good.  I really did dig the decor, very hip looking place. Management should  definitely work on getting food out faster.
3	Another big soul food spot downtown. If you are looking for chicken, ribs, and other down south delights you are in the right place. The restaurant Is on the small side so there is usually await. But the cornbread is defiantly worth the wait outside if the door. I usually get the fried chicken wings and Mac and cheese.Good spot to grab dinner, casual, will fill you up.
4	Great soul food! Always large portions and friendly staff. Great variety of options and the strawberry cake for dessert is the absolute best I've ever had. We do try to sit outside when possible because you will leave smelling like the food because of the open kitchen area. This is fine if you're headed straight home afterwards.
3	I had a veggie dish. It was okay,  the potato salad had too much mustard. Yams and greens was okay.
3	I went here with my family on a Friday night.  There were six adults and two kids.  We went early, about 6:30 - 7 to avoid the rush.  We parked in the garage in the same block.  The fee is validated by the restaurant.  I was very excited to try this place because my family has eaten here before and said they love it. The first thing I noticed was the floor, is was so slippy from grease that I almost fell even wearing flat shoes.  The second thing I noticed was that our waitress was just not having it that night.  She apparently didn't feel like smiling, talking, or having any patience that night.  She was so unfriendly that my uncle actually thanked her for taking the time to take our order to try to lighten her mood.  At least that made her smile. As we waited for our food I noticed two more things...the decors is pretty cool; a lot of signed and framed broadway show posters and antique bicycles, and the corn bread is amazing.  I ordered their famous salmon cakes since 1. they are famous 2. I love crab cakes 3. I love salmon. Unfortunately I did not care for them.  The flavor was really fishy and the texture was pasty.  Having cats as pets, this entree really reminded me of their canned food.  My sides were the collard green and macaroni and cheese.  This was the cheesiest and most comforting comfort macaroni I have ever had.  My husband ordered the special of the night which was pork chops stuffed with apple corn bread.  He loved it.  I sampled some of the kids' chicken tenders which were hands down the best chicken tenders I've ever had.  I even enjoyed them cold the next day.  I was not surprised that the floor was like an oil slick being that many menu items were fried.  During our dining experience the servers sang a birthday song to a customer at another table.  It was the best birthday song I've ever heard at a restaurant.  The servers were enjoying themselves singing too.  Overall my family was satisfied with their meals.  The quantity is large and the prices are low.  I took a piece of sweet potato cake home and shared it the next day with my kids.  It was still very moist and delicious.  It is so dense that it was easily shared three ways among us.  I would go back to Mert's but I do not recommend their famous salmon cakes.
4	Great place in Charlotte! I had the three veggie plate and the chicken tenders. I got the mashed potatoes and gravy, Mac n Cheese and cabbage. Everything was delicious and great portion size. The cornbread was fresh and sooo food!! The batter on the chicken was just perfect. Everyone was super friendly and helpful as well. Would definitely come back and recommend to anyone.
5	I had the beef ribs and fried chicken combo/ mac n cheese &greens sideMy wife had fried catfish and fried chicken combo/ potato salad $ fries side my daughter had the kid chicken tenders/mac n cheese & fries side. Were from south Jersey and have eaten at a lot of restaurants of all kinds. Hands down this is the best tasting soul food restaurant we've eaten at yet. We will be back for seconds and thirds. Excellent taste and portions absolutely nothing to complain about even the price was reasonable. You've gotta try this place if you can.
4	Great place in Charlotte! I had the three veggie plate and the chicken tenders. I got the mashed potatoes and gravy, Mac n Cheese and cabbage. Everything was delicious and great portion size. The cornbread was fresh and sooo food!! The batter on the chicken was just perfect. Everyone was super friendly and helpful as well. Would definitely come back and recommend to anyone.
4	Mert's is true southern soul food.  Not the New American type, but the real stuff.  Mac-n-cheese, green beans cooked in animal fat, salmon cakes, fried chicken.  It's all good.  I love the mac-n-cheese and will often just order a veggie plate where I can pick 4 different ones to eat.  They always have vegetable specials so I can try something new every time I go.  They also had 4 different hot sauces on the table.  I made a point to sample them all on the delicious corn bread they make.
4	Mert's is very good soul food. Came here with a friend last week. It took a minute for the cornbread to come out because it was hot and fresh out the kitchen. I'm not a big cornbread fan, but slap some butter on this stuff and it's quite amazing.Our server recommended the ribs, and so I ordered them with the yardbird, mac and cheese and greens. All around great. The ribs were falling off the bone, the yardbird and very good. The mac and cheese was stellar and the greens were some of the best I've tasted in North Carolina.I finished my meal with the peach cobbler, which was fine, but not great. I kinda wished they had more chocolate options here. I would most certainly come here again.
3	Portions were huge. Corn bread was one the best I have had. Sweet tea was good, just right. Server was very polite and responsive. Had fried chicken,  macn cheese and collards. All needed more flavor.
3	3.5 to 4 stars for food, but towards a 2.5 star for service. We ordered take-out at around 4:45pm on Saturday and got incredibly lousy service. The two of us stood at the door waiting for someone to come to the front for about 5 minutes. Then, when someone finally came, they started to seat everyone else before even noticing my dining companion and I. When they figured out we were going to order take-out, they shafted us to the side and told us they'd take our order later. Another 10 minutes went by and they just kept seating people. FINALLY, 15 minutes after we'd entered the store, someone found the time to take our orders at the register. We then waited another 20 minutes for our food to get cooked and packaged to go. Luckily, we weren't hungry...I ordered the salmon with cajun seasoning and sides of collard greens and okra. For $16, the salmon and sides were just an "OK" value for money. The salmon was at least 4 - 5 oz but the cajun flavors were much more bland than I remembered them to be. The collard greens were good! Sweet and flavorful with its texture being soft but not mushy. The okra was on the sour side and probably not something I would order again, but still tasted okay. The cornbread was actually a HUGE disappointment. I consider myself a cornbread lover and expert. I don't mind them dry, moist, sweet or salty just as long as it has good flavor. Mert's was neither sweet nor salty...if anything it may have been the blandest cornbread I'd ever tasted. Dry on the outside, moister on the inside...but still not enough to make it interesting enough to eat. I almost NEVER leave cornbread behind, and yet for Mert's...I left maybe 80% behind. Maybe eating at the restaurant would have given me a different / better experience. I just wouldn't order takeout if I were you.
4	Yo I have had plenty of times to taste fried chicken in my time at various eateries from South Florida to Atlanta to North Carolina. I have to say that their fried chicken was definitely top notch. Came here with my girl and two other friends who were visiting Charlotte. I looked up some spots in the city and found this place on Yelp. The decor is pretty homey, even though I felt the seats were a bit cramped. The service was pretty standard. I kept my order pretty simple...fried chicken! Also, I had cornbread which was a little bit dry but still pretty good. Overall, if you want a nice Southern dish and love fried chicken, this is a great spot to check out.
4	When my friend and I walked in, we were immediately greeted by several people. Everyone was smiling and nice, and we were given a table outside. The waitress said she could tell our chairs were uncomfortable, so she switched them for better seats. I had the beef ribs and chicken breast quarter, with yams and macaroni and cheese. The ribs were different than I typically like (vinegary maybe) and the chicken was a little dry, but I loved how it wasn't overly salty like southern food sometimes is. The cornbread was good, but not as sweet as I like. The peach cobbler was different, but good. I got it to go and forgot it in my car so I didn't eat much. It was a good lunch with beautiful weather, so I'd go back.
4	If your having a taste for soul food this a place to go. I've been here a few times and the food has never disappointed me. For the price point their portions are well off, enough for me to finish the rest the next day.  I recommend the fried chicken, catfish, yams and mac-n-cheese. I have always gone during slower to times so I've had quick service. The servers here are down to earth and tentative, but if you come here it's just for good food and laughs in my eyes. Be sure to visit this place at least once.
5	Soul food that make your heart smile. Every time i visit da south for work I get excited about new bbq and soul food spots that I get to try. This place alone made my trip worth while. Had the jumbo wings with mac and cheese, collard greens, and cornbread.Everything was delicious and had a unique touch. The collard greens were the best I've ever had.The selection and customer service here was outstanding. They even have a phone app, how cool right ?Can't wait to come back and get me some more Mert's.
3	I had the blackened salmon, collard greens and yams. The collard greens were cooked  perfectly and the yams were delicious. Blackened salmon was a little overlooked and under seasoned.
4	Chopped pork, corn bread, soul roll, blacked chop Delicious.  Agree greens a bit stemy but still good. Strawberry cake fair banana pudding eh. I'd go back!
4	I bought a Livingsocial deal for Mert's. The place is crowed for brunch on Sat. We were quickly seated. The cornbreads were very delicious and warm. Don't take the cornbread to go because it isn't that good when it is a take out.  I got the salmon cake with two sides mac and cheese and mash potatoe with gravy. The side orders were good sizes. They weren't stingy on the gravy enough for your mash potatoe. My dad had the catfish and the beef ribs. The beef ribs were good but catfish was more on the fishy side. Overall, we enjoyed Mert's. The staffs were all very friendly.The quarter leg was also good. The nice young lady who waited on us was fast and nice. It was a busy day and she even remembered to refill my drink. If you work at downtown, give Mert's a try.
2	Very inconsistent.
1	What a disappointment!  My first day in Charlotte and I had checked Yelp reviews to plan my meals.  The only good thing I can say is service was friendly and the cornbread was good.  However, that wasn't enough to even warrant a second star because the rest of my food was so unpleasant.  I started with the soul rolls, but thought the mixture of flavors and textures did not harmonize well.  It seemed to be a fried app just for the sake of being fried.  But without the pleasing crunch I expected.But the real let down was my shrimp and grits.  What they served me was a bowl of lumpy grits (one particular lump was too big for my spoon to handle) swimming in a truly awful brown mess.  The color made me think the sauce might be rich, but it was the opposite.  I could probably recreate the flavor with water, thickener and food color - that is just how tasteless it was.  The shrimp had a strange texture that made me think it came from a can.  Then someone had chopped raw green onion and stirred it in.  That was it.  No seasoning.  No flavor.
4	Had dinner here while in town from LA. Great location; walking distance from hotel. You can smell the wonderful aroma's of home cooked goodness wafting out of the building as you walk up. Interior is decorated in sepia with family photos old and new that lend to the idea that this is a family-owned business proudly serving great home style cooking to the community; a family tradition. I ordered the fried whiting plate which comes with two sides and cornbread; I got collard greens and macaroni and cheese. My husband ordered the shrimp and grits with a side of yams. My fish was hot and crispy just like I like and well seasoned. I added hot sauce (Cholula) which added just the right zing. The greens were cooked perfectly (taste and texture) and the mac n'cheese was good (not great). My husband enjoyed his shrimp and grits and gobbled one of my whiting fillets to go with. He got a side order of grits later because there was so much gravy on his dish. He said the addition made it perfect.  I kept taking spoonfuls of his grits because they were so deliciously prepared. I'm a snob when it comes to grits and Mert's does it right! The hubs never got his yams and the waitress did not protest when he brought it to her attention and asked to take it off the bill. We were full anyway. She seemed distracted the entire visit. I'd definitely return; thinking about a shrimp po'boy sandwich with a side of greens and yams before heading to the airport.
3	Food is good.  I recommend they stop using curry in the chop beef.
5	Best soul food in Charlotte! Vegetables are flavored deliciously, must go! Great fried catfish and chicken!!
5	Southern plates made in the south by a chef who was raised on this food specifically? You see it in every detail. The jumbo chicken wings, salmon cakes, cornbread, macaroni and cheese, potato salad and okra was absolutely to die for. Food came out faster than I could have ever imagined. Seriously, about 3 minutes after we ordered. Piping hot, full of flavor and delivered by an over-the-top waiter with a smile.Refills came quickly and our time in Charlotte will always be remembered thanks to Mert's. The hostess was a tad rude, which started everything off a little odd, but everything rebounded from that. Still 5 stars.If you want a hearty dinner for an extremely small price tag, go here. You can personally message me and thank me after. I wouldn't be upset.
5	We had lunch there I had  BBQ ribs , fried chicken , back eye peas , and okra. The chicken was done perfect crispy moist on the inside . the barbecue ribs had a vinegar-based with a little bit of spicy action going on . The Okra was good , kind of tasted a little bit like squash with light tomato base in there. Yes I would go back it was comfort food all the way. Our waitress made us feel  right at home.
1	Although I have been using yelp for many years, this is my first review. My husband and I went to Mert's on Sunday morning around 1015. It was not full so we were seated immediately, right next to the server station. We watched server after server, at least 5 of them pass our table to put orders in the computer, server after server chat with each other, not one addressed our table. Not one said I will be your server I will be with you shortly. Not one said would you like some water. Not one said let me find who your server is. Not one. This went one for 15 minutes before we decided to get up and leave!  The service is terrible!!!
4	Hands down best cornbread I've ever had.  It's everything you want cornbread to be:  warm, caky, sweet, and last but not least de-freakin-licous!  Ok, now on to the food.  I've been here twice and each time I couldn't force myself to order anything but the fried chicken.  When I go to a Southern restaurant serving soul food I have a really hard time ordering anything else.  The chicken is moist, macaroni is rich, and the collards are full of flavor.  Both times we've been, the place has been packed.  They do a nice job getting you seated in a reasonable amount of time.  There isn't much of a waiting area though so it gets rather cramped when you do have to wait.
1	I spoke with Veronica the general manager. She apologized profusely for the mix up and assured me that she spoke with the staff. Ultimately, there was confusion about who was responsible for our table. She indicated that a long wait to be acknowledged is not common practice.She invited me back to the restaurant. Based in her response, I will give them another try and hopefully add more stars. I was so disappointed because I was hungry and really wanted to try the seafood omelette.
2	If this is great Southern Food then I am a craw dad .  The Okra was not fresh and rather tasteless , the fish special wasn't fresh and was small and the cabbage was mushy.  I was married to a Mobile girl and this is not what I expected for Soul Food.. But it was cheap and the corn bread was excellent.
5	I've never bothered to write a review before today, but I have to say how wonderful our experience was at Mert's Heart and Soul. My cousin and I are in town for Speed Week and we wanted something authentic and local.  We looked at other reviews on Yelp and found this place.  It was blazing hot outside and so the sweet tea was our first special treat.  After that we had a wonderful tasting menu of freshly made cornbread, soul rolls, fried chicken, Carolina style chopped bbq pork, mac and cheese, mashed potatoes and gravy, collard greens, red beans, and last but not least homemade banana pudding.  OH MY LORD, it was all so delicious and served by the most friendly folks around. LOVE LOVE LOVE
4	Loved our waitresses!  They were fun and personal with attitude!  Food was so so. The BBQ ribs were small beef short ribs with a thin vinegar based sauce.  The Mac n cheese was the best!  The collard greens were hard and vinegar based.  The peach cobbler was just so so.  Atmosphere ans waitresses are the best part of the restaurant.
2	Our table agreed that the best part of this meal was the corn bread. Every order was lacking just that little something that would make a meal enjoyable. One person in our party of seven has said that he will return to give them another try.  The rest of us will not be back
3	I love that this place is open and serving dinner until 11 or midnight.  That's hard to find in Uptown unless you are at the epicenter.The food - well, mixed bag.  The beef short ribs..tasty, but nothing to write home about.My girlfriend and I both had the red beans and rice with roasted turkey....now when you hear roasted turkey what do you think?  I'll wait a minute while you ponder this......well what we got was turkey sausage...it was bizarre.  It was sliced and didn't taste bad, but we were confused.  Actually waited several minutes for our waitress to come back to check on us - we asked if we'd gotten the wrong meals..she said no.  Well, it took her so long to come back that by the time we dug in our food was only warm...now that's on us I guess...but, the food was luke warm and bland.  I never reach for hot sauce..and I reached for it here.The desserts...now those were on point.  The coconut cake - best i've had beyond Red Rocks.  So to recap:Food - 2 starsDesserts - 4 starsFor an avg of 3 stars.
5	Cornbread!!!!  Merts has the best in town.  We love Merts. If you like southern style cooking this is the place to go. Everything we have eaten here was delicious including the pork chops, fried chicken (watch out Prices) and I love the collard greens. Merts is also in a great spot if you are going to Time Warner arena uptown as it is right around the corner. Please check it out some time.
4	I was in Charlotte for 5 days a few years ago. I managed to get 6 meals at Mert's. If they'd been open for breakfast during the week, I'd have had 8 meals there.
1	The worst customer service by server and manager. We've been coming here for years. Tonight's experience is one of the worst restaurant experiences I've ever had. Supposedly there was a computer error with our food. Fine, I understand it happens sometimes. However while waiting two hours, we repeatedly asked our server about our dinner. We got the same response every time. "It'll be right up." He did notconsider actually checking on the food. All the tables around us came, ate and left. Meanwhile, our server could not even remember to bring water to the table without being asked multiple times. After I stopped asking nicely about our food, the server finally went to inquire. The manager offered to comp two beers for waiting two hours if we wanted to just  leave. How generous. Otherwise she offered to discount our meals and offered us what we thought was another round of beers. She did not even follow through on that promise. We were given one free beer each. Pathetic. Over 80% of the restaurant was filled with people from our convention. People who make it a point to dine here every time we come. The server never apologized. Nor did he bother to even clear our plates.There are plenty of other places to spend your money where it will be appreciated.
5	Wow is this place amazing!! Some of the best derive in the city!! Everyone was very kinda and friendly. The corn bread was drop dead amazing, chicken tenders and potato salad all felt someone's grandma was cookin it up in the back!! Rhasaan waited on up and helped up pick out all the best things on the menu and we left with sweet potato cake!!
4	Over all the food was good. I ordered chicken and 2 sides. Collard greens and mashed potato.  I went on a thursday night and had to wait about 35min for food I ordered to go. The place was packed so that normally says that the place is good. And I don't have any complaints besides the wait. Good news was they had a bar next door so I went and had a beer then came back to get food. But had to wait another 15min. Well I actually did not like the greens it was very plain no flavor. The mashed potato was very good though. I would deff go here again for a cheap light meal. Oh yes I also ordered banana pudding. That was ok nothing I would order again.
1	WAIST OF TIME!!! My husband and I were in town for our 3 year anniversary and came to Merts after a great recommendation. We went to yelp and read the over all great reviews and were excited about trying this place. We waited about 20 min which was a good sign. The hostess wasn't too friendly but she was super busy so I could understand. Our waitress was an older lady who took our drink orders almost right away. Here is where it went down hill....she took her sweet time coming back to take our order( I know she saw me looking at her like WTH?) once our order was taken those were the very last words she spoke to us. We waited an HOUR with not so much as an I'm sorry this is taking too long or can I get you anything else? Finally my husband overheard a cook in the back yell that our order had not even been processed yet and was 4th in line!!! We threw a 5 on the table for that nasty too sweet diabetes lemonade they gave me and left! WILL NOT RETURN. OH....I'm not sure what corn bread everybody else on this reviews was eating but ours was WACK! Barley warm and not sweet at all. This place has EXTREMELY POOR customer service. We left and went to Emeralds restaurant where the service was SECOND TO NONE!
1	Let me start off by saying that my experience was horrible and I would not recommend this place to anyone.  My wife and I came to Charlotte celebrating our anniversary and decided to try Mert's per recommendation of her supervisor and because of the high praise the restaurant received online.  We were seated in a reasonable time but it was all down hill from there. We were seated at 7:15pm and were given some bland cornbread.  At 8:15pm we were still waiting for our order to be prepared (cooked)...not brought to us...PREPARED! Now mind you no one even a word of apology or an update on the status of our food during the wait. Finally I had enough and walked out. Our waitress and management still did not offer an apology despite seeing us leave the restaurant visibly upset. We left and walked to E2 (emeralds restaurant) and received the best meal and customer service I've ever experienced. I'd recommend all the other restaurants in downtown Charlotte before Mert's. :-/
5	I had the salmon patties, collar greens and blackeyed peas. It was absolutely delicious.  I am in town for two nights. I plan to go back for supper tomorrow.
5	Good ole southern food MOST of the staff is awesome its like seeing an old friend with a famaliar face.. great cakes and pies and the chicken is what I live for..! Merts has an amazing down home southerm charm feeling.. it can drown out all the excitement of center city with its cool southern down home meets the city vibe..  dones sometimes smell like grease but I still love it!!
2	We had to come try this place out since it had amazing reviews. We were disappointed TWICE!..The service was great both times.  We had carryout the first time and ate in the second.  The place was busy both times and the Chicken wings were the only thing that was consistently good.  The Collard Greens are the toughest and tasteless greens I've ever had and the Mac & Cheese is so so.  My Husband had the fried whiting and it was tasty but he also didn't like the sides and said the greens were gritty. We both agree that the cornbread is delicious.  I would return for the Chicken Wings only.
1	HORRIBLE customer service! (Not the waitress). The food was warm, had little flavor, and a simple menu item that read differently from what was expected was not offered to be negotiated. From where I'm from, when something reads "smoked turkey" you are expecting just that, not smoked turkey sausage (round slices of a turkey sausage). Even when given the pass of a misunderstanding, the manager (owerners daughter as she so often identify herself) was more interested in making HER point than making sure out of state customers who went out of their way to visit the establishment....and checked-in on Facebook have an enjoyable experience. She was sarcastic & unprofessional. Sorry my family had THAT experience.
5	This place was AWESOME. Greatest service and food. I see people talking about service being a problem, but this certainly wasn't the case with our trip there. Had the fried chicken- the yams and the Mac and cheese were TO DIE FOR. And the waitress we had was absolutely amazing and went out of her way to get us tourist suggestions. Best place to eat.
5	If you want a tasty soulful brunch on a Saturday morning, Merts is the place to go.Outdoor seating, pet friendly, and the best fried chicken  in Charlotte!  The organic yellow grits are out of this world good.  I didn't care for their biscuits, but everything else was mouth-watering good!!! The coconut layer cake is light, fluffy bites of heaven on a fork!!!
4	Not sure about heart and soul but it was definitely a solid meal.  One thing I really like about this place is the artwork and decor.  They also have outdoor seating on the sidewalk.  I got the beef ribs and dark meat chicken.  Yes it's a lot of food assholes.  And yes I finished it (most of it) but this is 2 hours after having a breakfast buffet at the hotel.  Sides were delish.  I got the yams and okra/tomatoes.
4	This place is amazing! The cornbread is perfectly buttery and moist, and the barbeque is seasoned just right and is making my mouth water just thinking about it! The staff there was so friendly and personable, and did a really nice job at checking on us- but not being overbearing. I definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a delicious soul food meal!
2	Such amazing soul food! Seriously some of the best collard greens ever! It's a shame that such awesome food can be disappointed by such horrible service! We waited for over an hour for an omelette and a vegetable plate! The waitress could have cared less that we had to wait. Our drinks stayed empty for most of the meal and it took 20 minutes and repeated requests for a small packet of mustard! We are from out of town and had heard such amazing things about this place! Once again, great food but super horrible service! Not sure, due to the service, that we will return the next time we are in Charlotte!
4	Cool, casual atmosphere set in the heart of downtown Charlotte.  The only cornbread I've ever had that's the equal of this is served at Club 83 in Memphis, and I've NEVER had green beans this good!
4	I came last Saturday on a whim. I had been passing this place on my walks around the area. Seeing all those people buzzing in there enticed me. It didn't take long to be seated, considering how many people were in there. I ordered fried chicken ( breast and wing), macaroni and cheese, and red beans with a lemonade. Mistakenly, they brought wings and I immediately alerted the waitress. Then, I received my order. Everything except for the red beans was scrumptious. For dessert, I selected German chocolate cake. It was not extravagantly delicious but nice. Next time, I'll get for my sides macaroni and cheese with potato salad, then finish with yellow cake and chocolate icing.
1	Horrible service!!! Server forgot to put our order in. Came back 30 minutes later with lame lie. Another 20 minutes later still no food, not even apps. Hostess also provided 2 new lame lies. We left and will never go back. Dishonest staff ruined it for me. Honesty would  have gone over better. Went to Tupelo Honey Cafe instead. Awesome service and FOOD!!
2	Waited 45 minutes to get in at 8pm on Friday, that wasn't the bad part though..Waited 30 minutes for our drinks (our waitress didn't even show up, the host had to bring them) and after that, 2 hours for our food. By time it got to us we were so sick of waiting and so tired since it was 11pm that we could barely eat. The food wasn't particularly good, I ordered the chicken and macaroni with green beans. Chicken was dry, green beans under seasoned and bland. The macaroni was good, they used cream cheese or something that tasted okay. They got two orders wrong in our party of 4 though.The waitress apologized profusely and we received a discount for our wait but I will not return to this place again. TL;DROver three hour wait for mediocre food and poor service.
2	Me and my family were in Charlotte for my Sorority's conference and we decided to go to Mert's for our last night in Charlotte. The wait wasn't bad and they accommodated for a party of 9 which was also nice because most small restaurants would just seat you at different tables. We did not think the food lived up to the hype...at all. Lemonade...not freshly squeezed, even though the server said everything is made in house and fresh. Cornbread and Soul Roll...best part of the meal. Anything fried....TOO GREASY. I got fried catfish and my plate was covered in grease and whenever my fork went into the fish, more grease would spill out...EW! One food runner, female, came to our table with the wrong food. After no one claimed the wrong food she says, "Do yall even know what you ordered?!".....ummm CLEARLY you just have the wrong food. Let's just say everyone has something bad to say about their entree meal. Someone in the kitchen needs to change the oil, drain the food with a napkin (simple) and avoid getting grease on the entire plate. The yams tasted like they were drenched in maple syrup...and that's it....not good at all. My moms cooks better soul food.
4	It was great. Our waitress was definitely a good host. I highly recommend this place if your in Charlotte. Mac and cheese was on point. I didn't care for the collard greens but overall we all enjoyed our meal and service.
5	OMG,,,,,,my first time going and the food and service was awesome !!!! The Mac-cheese was to die for,,,the corn bread was right from the oven and I could not get enough
2	Service was extremely slow. We sat at our table for quite a while before we were waited on. Once we ordered the server brought cornbread right away. It's good but, not what I was expecting. We both ordered the fried chicken. It was cold and soggy. The mac and cheese was good but again, it's Mac and cheese. The server was really sweet but not attentive to the table. Food was just ok. Wouldn't go back.
5	Hands-down the BEST meal I had while in Charlotte. The atmosphere is laid back (no need to get dressed up) and the servers know everything about the food & the menu so if you have a question, ASK! They'll make sure you're happy with your order. I got the shrimp & grits with their homemade corn bread. I couldn't have been happier. The prices are very reasonable for how much food you get and you'll be looking forward to your next meal at Mert's Soul Food. I know I am!
4	I went to the Epicenter in Uptown Charlotte today for the first time. Looking to have a nice lunch, I was unimpressed with the options within the complex. A quick search on Yelp turned up Mert's. Southern soul food sounded fantastic!I didn't leave disappointed. We were able to quickly get a table during lunch hour. I thought the service was exceptional, even though one of my items were wrong, but it was handled well.My favorite part had to be getting a huge piece of corn bread while waiting for the meal. The fried chicken leg quarter I had was definitely top notch. The fried catfish fillet needed more seasoning, but the Cajun tartar sauce made up for that. My sides of mashed potatoes and mac/cheese were alright.I'd definitely say a 4/5 meal, 5/5 service, and 4/5 prices. Try this place out if you're near the Epicenter, only a 4 minute walk!
1	The worst restaurant ever! It doesn't matter if the food tastes good or not.. The service is the worst! Lazy and slow as ever!
3	Overall, this was a good dining experience.  Six of us went for lunch. The service was a little on the slow side but that was understandable considering that it was lunch time. I had whiting, Mac and cheese and collards.  The collards were just ok......not seasoned very well.  The others in my party enjoyed their meal as well.
5	Amazing restaurant! Great food, Good Service & friendly atmosphere. I will definitely be coming here again. If you are in North Carolina you need to visit this place :)
4	I love soul food restaurants and this one is definitely a fave. I haven't tried anything there that I have not loved. I hate cornbread in general, but Mert's cornbread is something that every Charlottean should experience. Love it.
5	My service and food was wonderful.I am from south jersey. The waitress have me great suggestions.Price extremely reasonable!
3	I finally got myself to Mert's for dinner the other night after reading all the great reviews. Unfortunately, I left unfulfilled. The staff is nice, when you can actually get a hold of them. Be prepared to wait for everything. 10 minutes for someone to acknowledge us as we first walked in. Another 10 minutes for our server to greet us. Another 15 minutes for our food to show. Then another 10 minutes to get our check. This is just too slow for me.The food was good. The cornbread held up to my high expectations; buttery with perfect texture. The BBQ pulled pork had a unique flavor. It is an intense, delicious flavor; but after the first few bites the intensity and vinegar becomes a bit overwhelming. My wife's fried chicken was also good. Mert's would be a solid 4 star if the service was more attentive. It deserves another visit.
4	I was in Charlotte for the first time and decided to treat myself to a good southern dinner. My waitress Teresa greeted me with Southern Hospitality and just when thought that I had my meal selected (after reading Yelp, of course) she told me of the dinner specials, one of which was grilled catfish with mango chutney + two sides of your choice for $14.95! Sold. I choose yams and mac&cheese with a Carolina Blonde ($4.00) to wash it down. Oh yeah, and complimentary corn bread with honey butter to start. A delicious dinner well worth the value!
2	Walking Uptown on a Sunday morning before church, my wife, daughter, and I stopped into Mert's.  Our waitress gave us the specials but said them so fast and with such apparent disinterest that neither my wife nor I understood any of what she said.  We ended up ordering one of the specials after seeing them on a chalkboard, only to find out after some more confusing, disinterested interaction with our waitress that they had stopped the special just minutes before (9:30am).  Don't know what that meant; did they run out of spinach?  Strange. We ended up with two other omelettes, the garden and the shrimp creole.  We had to ask three different waitresses for our accompanying toast and biscuit, and once we had our food, our waitress interrupted our prayer to ask if we needed ketchup (understandable, but most servers notice bowed heads, even if it's kinda awkward).  We did need the ketchup, but it didn't come until the end of our meal, and my wife's home fries were already cold.  My regular cup of coffee was mediocre, my shrimp creole omelette had 2 small shrimp inside (super disappointing, as they were tasty), making my $8 omelette mostly egg and tomato sauce, and my wife's toast was hard as a rock.Obviously a rough experience for us this morning, but Mert's gets the second star because my wife loved her omelette (the garden), my biscuit and grits were pretty good, and they let us choose our seating (with a young child, this can be pretty important). We won't be back.
3	I've been here twice now (The first time my living social wouldn't load so we had to return, not that we were upset about that after our first great experience!) I think the service here is really hit or miss though, the first time we had great service, the second time a robotic like server who was actively RUDE to us after presenting our Living Social coupon. Like a toddler throwing a tantrum rude.  I understand that a lot of people might tip less when using a living social which is the pits, but we do not (and did not tip less despite her rudeness). Tip to restaurant owners: do not have a living social if your staff is going to be rude to your new customers... The food both times has been fantastic and the mac and cheese will keep us coming back despite the hit or miss service. We generally try to come during the week to avoid the crowds and that has worked so far for getting a table pretty quickly. Probably won't be a regular spot, but I wouldn't say that we'll never return.  So, Food: 5/5, Service 2-3/5 (depending on your server) for an average of 3/5  or 4/5 on a good night.
2	We chose to visit Mert's over going to a high-end chain because we wanted southern style cuisine, it was featured in travel guide from our hotel, and it got great reviews on Yelp.  I was in town earlier this month with my Mom and toddler while we visited my youngest brother who was working in nearby Kannapolis.  We were able to sit down right away and outdoors which was great.  However, we were highly disappointed by the food.  And, the experience is still memorable enough for me to write about now.First, they were out of the fried green tomatoes which we wanted to try and we were actually there relatively early to when they opened.  The eggroll-style appetizer that was recommended instead was good but definitely within the same criteria of what we were looking for.  99% of the menu has fried food which my brother was most disappointed about since we chose the restaurant without too much input on his part.  My Mom and I decided to share the Mert's Famous Salmon Cakes.  While the size was decent, the taste was lacking and I felt it might be slightly under-cooked.  For our sides, we chose greens and the red beans both of which were just ok.  And, I will actually say the greens were my favorite food out of what I had if forced to choose.  My brother ordered the Shrimp Creole which just tasted like tomatoes and the shrimp was not popcorn style as described on the menu.  If it had tasted better I think my brother could have been happy that he found something not fried on the menu even though he had decided if he was going to make a diet exception that he was looking forward to it being popcorn shrimp.  After our waitress checked on us she said as a person from New Orleans had we asked her she would have told us that the Shrimp Creole is not on her recommendation list.  However, because other customers have enjoyed it she does not deter people form ordering it...tough position to be in I guess.  My brother also ordered the potato salad which was very heavy on the mustard and vinegar.  I'm accustomed to this style of potato salad but like I said it just had too much mustard for my liking.  My daughter had the chicken tenders from the kids menu which I found to be on the salty side but she seemed to enjoy them.  She also liked the okra and tomato and yams sides that we ordered for her.  The server was nice and she took decent care of us.  She forgot more coffee like my Mom requested but we also noticed that she seemed to have several tables.  Overall I would say I'm not likely to give it another chance just because it seemed like we were in an area with a lot of choices which might have been a lot better.  I don't know if the chef was having off day or what but I just left very disappointed and felt bad that I was the primary person pushing to try Mert's during our brief trip to Charlotte.
5	We've been on a search to find great southern soul food in Charlotte and this place is definitely at the top of the list so far. The location uptown on College next to the theatre was perfect. The service was excellent. The Perch was perfectly prepared. The baked macaroni and cheese was by far the best I have ever tasted. The Collard Greens, Black Eyed Peas, Cabbage and Oh Oh Oh that Corn Bread. The banana pudding had a surprising cake bottom and perfect texture. The ice tea was perfectly sweetened. The kids loved the chicken strips which looked buttermilk battered and very moist inside. Definitely worth the drive. There is no valet but you can park at the Holiday Inn garage and they will validate you.
2	Not the best soul good I've ever eaten. My collard greens mixed with mustards? Were tough. The fried chicken was standard not anything to rave about. Salmon cakes were good. Mac n cheese can pass for soul food. Yams were great! Corn bread mediocre, overall it was okay. Don't believe the hype, especially if you were brought up on Mamas soul food cooking.
5	Hospitality is AMAZING!!! Visiting from California and this group of people here are all gems... The food Bomb!!! I seriously recommend this to any first timers... So happy we found this place!!!! You will not be disappointed!!!! :) Grits on point!!!
5	Went here for lunch with a friend yesterday and I've been freaking out about this restaurant since - to anyone who will listen. The staff & service: top notch. Such lovely waitstaff, so friendly and attentive.The cornbread. I mean, so good.For my main dish, I had the 4 veggie plate & chose Mashed Potatoes, Mac & Cheese, Okra & Tomatoes and Black-eyed Peas. The mac & cheese was life-changing. I thoroughly enjoyed the entire experience, and can't wait to bring my husband!
5	Breakfast food is excellent, so is the service and restaurant.
3	The atmosphere is amazing. Seriously...loved the decorations and the open kitchen.The service was great. The food was...mmmm ok....my mom's soul food is better, but we couldn't quite pin down what the strange seasoning (not strange, bad...just strange, new) was in most every veggie dish. Maybe just a difference between Texas and Carolina cooking. The jumbo chicken wings were delicious. The fried green tomatoes made me want to watch Fried Green Tomatoes. Worth the price? Not sure...I've just had better soul food.
4	Service was friendly and down home flavored. Catfish, black eye peas and cabbage was well seasoned.. I also recommend the shrimp Creole. ..lots of green onions. I do not recommend the peach cobbler. That was like eating peach filling on bread.
1	After participating in the Charlotte heart walk, my friends and I went to Mert's for brunch. We knew the service probably wouldn't be that great but expected the food to make up for that. Big fail on that expectation. The collard greens were dry with no flavor and when someone on my party asked if she could exchange them for something else the waitress caught an attitude. Whenever we would ask for something it was almost like a mother may I situation. We didn't know if her reaction would be positive or negative. The manager seemed to not care about our situation and just left everything up to the waitress. After paying my bill I waited for my change that never came. I ended up asking for the manager to find out where the waitress went with my money. After the manager asked the waitress the waitress states she already gave me my change  after reminding her that she didn't give me anything she states oh then I have your money right here! It was in her pocket. Not sure how she could have forgotten that she owed me more than $10!! Especially since the tip was already included in the bill! Never going back and I will never recommend this place to anyone. Even if I do have a living social coupon!!
4	Mert's is a great find in downtown Charlotte.  The service is solid and the food is pretty good.  They have a beer and wine menu, but seem surprised when you order and adult beverage.I took my servers suggestion and ordered beef ribs and fried fish.  It arrived along with sides of macaroni and cheese and black eyed peas.  The black eyes were some of the best I have ever had.  The beef ribs were really short ribs and were gristly and disappointing.My husband opted for the special "Tia's Chicken" - chicken breaded with Parmesan and Italian seasoning topped with cream sauce.  This along with green beans and sweet potatoes made for a solid meal.  The chicken was good and a huge portion.If back in Charlotte, we would definitely visit again.
4	Food here is gasp inducing. Some of the best soul food I've ever had. Even vegetarians will be pleased with the veggie sides platter. Collard greens off the hook. Candied acorn squash beats anything you ever had for Thanksgiving. Cheesy cauliflower was a bit underdone for my taste, still raw. Famous for their coconut cake, though after their huge slab of cornbread, you might need to hit the gym. Busy place for lunch, allow time. Service reflects the down home hospitality and warmth you'd want from a place selling comfort food. Come and feed your soul!
1	This was my second and most likely last time attending this restaurant.  Reason for this statement is our waitress topped off my glass of water with water from a glass not a pitcher. Who fills a patrons glass like that?
3	So it took three trips but I think I'm finally starting to become a fan of Merts.My first visit was to pick up some catering for an event and I didn't get a chance to try anything. The second visit was a bust I ordered the chicken wings, cabbage and seasoned rice. Meh, I've had better everything. The chicken wings were just okay, and the cabbage and rice didn't have enough seasoning for my tastes. But this last visit was much better. We started with the Soul Rolls which come stuffed with chicken, rice, greens and black eye peas. They come topped with a spicy honey mustard sauce and were very good. They were crispy and packed with the filling. I'd recommend them. They also bring out some cornbread and that was definitely a highlight for me! It was warm and with some butter....it practically melts in your mouth. For my meal I had the pork chops, macaroni and cheese and mashed potatoes. I was impressed with the amount of food you get! Two juicy and well seasoned (yay!) pork chops blackened with delicious seasoning. Very good. For me, the sides were just okay again. I'm not sure what to get that will give me that "amazing" feel but I guess I'll keep trying....I couldn't leave without trying some dessert so I ordered the strawberry cake. It was very very moist and delicious. So overall a much better visit this go round...I'll make my way back and give this place another try to see if they can officially win me over.
2	Soul food is ok...needs more seaoning and to be drained of grease. My entire rating is based off the customer service which was very rude and disrespectful for me as a customer. The wait was long and don't try to make reservations because they dont take on weekends.  The waitresses have bad attitudes and rush you when ordering. ..."imma take yall drink order and food order at the same time so who first?" (Her exact words). I live in charlotte and have been here prior to this visit but will never return again. This was by far the worst soul food experience.
3	I have had the pleasure of dining at Merts frequently over the past 15+ years. I've always been pleased with the food and service. Today....I had lunch here and ordered the Merts world famous Salmon Cakes. Sadly it appears the Salmon cakes are now Salmon BALLS. The portions appears to be cut in half. To whom it may concern.....we LOVE and adore this dish, however we are disappointed someone has decided to cheat us out of this delicious menu item. I hope my next visit will reveal that someone at Merts has had a change of Heart and their Soul has led them to serve the regular portion we have grown accustom to.....otherwise it may be my last visit. I will post a photo of what I received today.
1	Second time may be a charm but the first time was a complete failure. Thank you to management, Veronica in particular, for making a bad experience and almost the last experience one worth trying again. Salmon patties were very dry and not seasoned as described, potato salad or should we say mayonnaise salad was horrible. The yams were hard as if they were freshly cut and simply plated. The greens were soaked in garlic and had entirely too many stalks. The macaroni and cheese was tasty but in conjunction with everything else on our plates was room temperature. Tiger wood drinks were very tasty. Our server was not at all attentive to our needs. If she would have given us her name I would have very well called her out in this review. She did refill our drinks once and left the remaining glasses of lemonade and sweet tea on the table which implied.....self serve. My fiance absolutely loved the cornbread loaves and fried whiting. I detested the cornbread loaves. The initial one that I received had obviously been sitting out too long. It was cold. When I mentioned it to the waitress she informed me that she knew the loaves were left out and that a new batch would be up any minute. She did bring a fresh loaf but I was just flabbergasted that she would serve something she new shouldn't have been served. Overall, the experience was not very pleasing. However, our entire meal was comped by Veronica. She apologized for the service and invited us to come back. I must admit I am a little reluctant but because she heard our concerns we will give Mert's another try. I see their are multiple good reviews on here and hated to have to be the one to add a negative review. However, this was our experience.
5	I love this place.  Great price, great service, and awesome food.  The cornbread alone is worth the trip.   I also loved their fried chicken.  It's a bit noisy but that's because it is is full of happy diners.  Perfect spot for some casual Southern cooking.
5	Are you hungry? Need to get some real savory food on your belly? Want to spend your money at a family owned restaurant?Go to  Mert's Heart and Soul. Save room for dessert too!We are visiting Charlotte and on the hunt for lunch downtown, yelpers you are the Best. You said this place was good and that's the truth. We ordered the red beans and rice, the lunch special, smoked pork chop, and the ribs appetizer. All were delicious.  We had iced tea for our beverages and peach cobbler for dessert. Samantha took care of us and is an ambassador for the establishment. She suggested we return and I said Thanksgiving time. Well, she said the owner closes the place on Thanksgiving day to serve the homeless.Well I can only say this. I'm happy I had lunch there and if you try it I believe you will to.
3	Great place to get soul food in the city. You will have to wait for a table on weekends. The wait staff is personable, but seem to be spread thin tending to the crowds of patrons that frequent the restaurant. They aren't the cleanest restaurant, the bathrooms are gross.
5	I consider myself a bit of a soul food afficianado.  I've dined in soul food joints as far as Sylvia's in Harlem to Mary's in Mobile to Rosco's in LA.Mert's is up there with the very best in soul food if the lunch I had was indicative.The fried chicken was perfect!  Crispy batter (not too thick!) and juicy meat even on the breast.  The black-eyed peas were wonderful.  Perfect texture and smoky flavor.  The Mac and Cheese was not the best I've ever had but mac and cheese is a bit like sex.  Even bad mac and cheese is pretty good.Also, friendly efficient service (I had an early lunch) and great decor make this a big win!
3	Food is awesome...Service is horrible.  I've been here many times and I keep coming back because of the awesome food.  However, every time I get a waitress who is short, no patience, in a hurry and just down right rude.  I've made up my mind that from now on, it will either be a plate to go or no tip for a sorry waitress.  If you can handle bad service then go cause the food is mouth watering.
5	My favorite place to eat in Charlotte!  I swear they must sneak my grandmother down from heaven to work in the kitchen.  Great Southern food and lovely service.  They first time In was there they refused to serve my friend a salad, insisting on fresh southern veggies instead.  They were just kidding I think.
2	Gritty greens,everytime!...Need I say more?? Not what they use to be.
5	Mert's is Fantastic!  I have only been once, but the chicken was out of this world!!! Very cool atmosphere as well and frendly staff :) I will definitely be going back!!
5	1. CORNBREAD!2. Amazing southern food, everything was equally delicious. Great place to feel at home and fix your craving for fried chicken and all things southern.Their cakes look incredible too. Try and save room, I wasn't able to and regret not taking a piece to-go.
4	Had a pretty good Groupon for this place- wife enjoyed the collards, fried chicken was finger licking good. Avoid the soup which was reaally a cup of broth. And steer clear of the Carolina Blond beer yuck. Loved our sassy southern waitress & the corn bread she brought us. We will be back.
4	Lunch comes with corn bread. I really enjoyed the bbq pork ribs, I highly recommend them! The ribs seemed to have been marinated in sauce over night then they add a vinaigrette type sauce over them which really packs on the flavor. If you have room for desert def get the banana cake, I am a banana pudding fanatic so the cake was right up my alley! The cake was very moist and smooth only 1 word could describe it- delicious! My only issue with this place is the fruit flies, sorry the little flies are a big problem. They need to fix that! If it wasn't for that I would've given 5/5 stars
5	While visiting Charlotte, we wanted a place within walking distance from our hotel, The Hyatt House (fabulous place). We found the perfect restaurant on Yelp and quickly chose Mert's Heart & Soul. I love comfort food so this was my heaven. I had blackened pork chops with collards and mac&cheese. The mac&cheese was so delicious that I almost ordered a second round. My husband had the ribs and fried chicken combo with collards and mashed potatoes. I tasted his and it was yummy too. The cornbread loaves were scrumptious with the sweet butter. So not to be left hungry later when we returned to our hotel, we ordered the soul rolls & smoked turkey with beans & rice plus dessert- coconut cake, banana cake & caramel cake. All of the cakes were moist and full of flavor. Our waitress, Malika was great! She was funny, attentive and pointed us in the right direction with her recommendations. She made our dinner a complete success. We will definitely be visiting again and asking for Malika when we return.
4	Great place...excellent fried catfish.
5	I used to live in Charlotte several years ago and whenever I return, I never miss a chance to go to my absolute favorite authentic comfort soul food restaurant.  I always order one of my favorite all-time meals: fried chicken thigh, mac & cheese and yams (beware - they're candied!) with a sweet tea.  You also get a mini-loaf of corn bread with honey butter.  Best meal ever!  The waitstaff is always super casual and exude the "southern charm" you expect from a southern diner.  Most people who live in Charlotte already know about Mert's (it has been there forever)... But if you're visiting Charlotte, do yourself a favor and stop in for a meal - you won't regret it!
5	THANK YOU, Yelpers!! Maybe the best home cookin' I've eaten, and that covers a lot!  Beef spare ribs, fried chicken, shrimp & grits, salmon, collards, black eyed peas, Mac n cheese, slaw, and oh the cornbread that was served first!!  Seriously wanted a slice of one of the half doz cakes but, alas, no room. Guess we'll just have to come back.... And we sat next to a friendly lady sipping a beer in a Pilsner glass thru a straw; that's a first. Wish we could clone this place!
1	Took my boyfriend for first time.  Waitress kept going outside smoking and smelled like ashtray upon returning to table.  Cornbread good.  Chicken good.  BBQ was disgusting and swimming in grease.  Potato salad was also old tasting and could not eat.  I was embarrassed that I had bragged to my bf about how good things were and then had such a terrible experience.   And it was over $30 for lunch.  Not worth the drive, parking, or time.
2	Slow service con this cold and wet Monday. The servers just didn't have it together and neither did the cooks as my chicken was seasonless and my Mac and cheese was cold. The only thing you can expect from Mert's is inconsistency.
5	Great food, great prices, great staff, great atmosphere. Go here!  Had the breaded chicken special with okra and cabbage and it was amazing.  Tons of flavor and perfect portions!  Southern cookin at its finest.
4	I have been told this place was great for years. I finally went and in and was mad at myself for waiting so long before finally going in there. The food was fantastic. An easy atmosphere, a menu with a good variety. Definitely understand why it's always busy during lunch time. I highly recommend it.
3	I'm from NY. I only know what Southern cuisine entails from the Food Network Channel. Other than that, I have no concept of what things should taste like. Knowing I'd be in Charlotte for a short trip, I scouted out the food options in Downtown area and Mert's seemed to be the place where I could get my fix.Knowing I had important business the next day, I couldn't take any chances with my stomach. My safety order of Buttermilk Fried Chicken Fingers ended up way too salty after a while. The sides of roasted potatoes and mac & cheese were just okay, nothing too mind blowing.I wouldn't disregard this place completely after 1 visit since my party thought their orders were decent. Decent enough to put them into a food coma at 1:00 PM. Perhaps it was a bad day/I should've ordered something else.Dat cornbread doe. Spot on.
4	I'm particular about my soul food. Seeing how I can cook it myself, paying for someone else to make it means the food better be pretty damn good.Merk's is the bomb, and it's cheap. I don't know how they get away with serving so much food for such a low price, but bless them. A 3 veggie plate is less than $7. You can't beat that. The yams are sweet and sticky. The collards have a smoky taste without the unnecessary addition of meat. The cornbread with the honey butter was perfect. And, the mac n cheese is cheesy without a lot of grease.The only complaint I had was the service. For this to be Charlotte the server wasn't very Southern cordial. Also, it was quite a second we waited to be seated and to have our order taken. Minus the service this place would be 5 stars.
5	Great food great staff never again kings kithen! Jim nobles close shop! Thank you guys a great place great food!
5	This place is super duper delicious.
4	Excellent down home cooking. As a business traveler several clients recommended this as a must visit. Perfect combination of down home feel, reasonable price and excellent quality mixed with neighborhood friendly service. Even though the shrimp and grits had an unfamiliar flavor combination, I still returned the next night to eat there again. Top five to visit.
4	Great place. I had a birthday dinner last week. The food and service was great. Friendly staff .. Very pleased.
4	Cute place and good food! Saturday brunch started with the soul rolls, which were two egg rolls stuffed with collards, rice, chicken and black-eyed peas. We added Texas Pete for extra spice. Yum! Definitely order those if you go. I had the catfish/shrimp creole combo lunch & my husband had the meat lovers omelet. We were both satisfied and enjoyed our meals. The shrimp creole is a "must" try. The catfish is a "maybe" try.  The omelet is a "must" try. The portions are large and the prices are low. This is a great place for soul food. We will definitely be back.
4	Fantastic! Service was great. Atmosphere was historic. Food was awesome. Hard to find any flaws.
