2	Originally posted 4/11/2009. Edit - 1/17/2012: I originally gave this place four stars. I'm not sure why.  This place is closer to a 2.5 star, but since we don't get half-star rating on Yelp, two it is). It's not terrible, but it's definitely not exceptional. Service has never been particularly warm and friendly. Bottom line: it'll do if you're in a rush and just want a slice.
2	Either people in Gilbert don't know shit about pizza, or these reviews are fake. The pizza was made with cheap ingredients. The sausage was something you would find on a $2 frozen pizza. Nothing about the pizza was impressive. I would rather eat papa johns. There was no friendly guy working there, just a grumpy Romanian guy with a unibrow on his cell phone. It was dark and hot in the restaurant - we were all sweating.  Avoid this place for sure.
2	The $3.50 lunch special sounded like such a great deal.  Lesson learned, you get what you pay for (or maybe less).Pizza had been sitting too long and was burnt.  You should be able to fold a slice but these were so hard the crust was cardboard.I had to leave my meal early when a worker started smoking right outside the door and stunk up the place.  Thanks for the economics lesson Prima.  I give you 2 stars because at least you didn't make me ill.
4	I really like this pizza. There are days when it is hit or miss and I agree that is not a good thing, but on the hit days and for me, even on the miss days, I love this pizza! I told my boyfriend that if I moved away, I would probably crave this place. Instead of trying the $3 lunch special to judge this place, try ordering a pizza for take out. That way you try the delicious ooey-gooey pizza fresh and delicious in all of its splendor! To add, they have probably the best ranch sauce ever so be sure to get some to dip your pizza in, it adds to the awesome-ness. Also - great for hang overs... just sayin'! :)
4	Meh, it was ok. Customer service lacked. Went to place my order and I got to the pizza and he quickly said 15 min, and then walked and came back and I ordered the fried mushrooms which were ok. Overall, the price was decent, $18.50 for a large and an appetizer. It's close to my house, but don't know if I'd go back. Maybe on a lunch break..
5	If you like Dominos, Papa Johns, Pizza Hut, New York Pizza Dept or any of the 1000 different pizza places in Arizona then don't bother stopping at Prima Pizza. Prima Pizza is the real deal! Hands down I have not had better pizza anywhere in Arizona. You will not get fancy seats or sexy waitresses in fact some of you might find the owners to come across a bit grumpy. Don't let it fool you this is home made pizza from some great guys that know how to cook. I highly recommend the pepperoni pizza well done and the steak special sandwich. Let them cook it and make it how it was intended to be made and I would be shocked if you did not fall in love with it. Visit 2, 3 or maybe 5 times and eventually the owners will start to give you the attention you have to earn. Sometimes I go twice a week and I never get tired of it. If you are from back east this is a place that will remind you of home. Just go and try the dang pizza. My entire family loves it and about everyone at work goes there regularly even though it is out of the way.
4	I thought this was great pizza! It's just what I've been looking for since moving to AZ. We got their large pizza and wing special to take home. The crust is homemade and delicious. The cheese was plentiful and the pepperoni nice and crispy. It was a little on the greasy side, but nothing a paper napkin and some blotting won't take care of. We will definitely return.
2	We did return and the pizza was even greasier than the first time. It took 3 paper towels to blot up all the grease. It was just too much. We will not be going back again.
4	I love this ghetto pizza palace.They don't have menus (that I could see). It's on that kind of black marquee board with the white letters (you know, snack bar style).The pizza was cheap, fast and the crust was crispy without being burnt, and the pepperoni and cheese melted wonderfully without being too salty.I am SOOOOO glad I won over my friend's bid for Domino's.  ick.Plus it's right by my office.  Yay!
4	This place is surprisingly good. Service was.....interesting. But pizza was fresh out of the oven and tasted good. I'll be back again.
2	I guess my pizza was better than Domino's or Pizza Hut, but I wouldn't likely eat here again, which is unfortunate because it's so close to my office.My pizza was made with cheap ingredients and tasted like it. The breading wasn't anything to write home about either.Not sure where all the 4- and 5-star reviews are coming from... Clearly they're either faked, customers don't know the difference between crap pizza and quality pizza, or they've downgraded their ingredients since then (2 weeks ago in reference to Joey B's 5-star review!). Poor Joey wouldn't know good pizza if it gave him a reach around!If you want amazing New York-style pizza in Mesa, go to Venezia's (venezias.com) and if you want the best New York-style pizza in Arizona, go to Joe's (eatatjoesny.com) in Scottsdale.
5	Well I have to say.....EXTREMELY impressed!  Stopped by here tonight for dinner with the wife and was greeted with open arms by the new owner.  Made us feel right at home discussing items on the menu with us and giving us suggestions.  Sometimes you never know how the quality may get with a new owner, but I can tell you that the food is phenomenal!  I had the Calzone Special (basically a calzone filled with all sorts of yummy deliciousness) and my wife had the Chicken Parmesan Sandwich (which of course I had to sample as well).  The only thing I think this place could use are cots in the back....  you get some much damn food, you wanna take a nap when your done!!  MY KIND OF PLACE!!
5	Went here because my son said it was AWESOME. Well he was right for once in his life:) New owners are happy to be there and treated every customer like a true customer. The pizza was very good! I am a pizza snob and believe most pizza out west is revolting. This is good pizza! Crust was perfect and the sausage was even better. Did I mention the beer was super cold and comes in frosted mugs? Pardon a little bit of remodel dust. Many reviews mention that this place is a hole in the wall. It looks like the new owners are going to change that. I look forward to going back and watch them grow. Plenty of other things on menu I need to try.
2	I feel like I lost a good friend....What happened??? Prima Pizza has been my "go to" local pizza place for many years. Much to my surprise I walked in to see different faces and a state of confusion by the new folks. I had ordered a pepperoni pizza, I saw it come out of the oven and the new cook sees that it does not have any pepperoni on it and proceeds to put it in the box, slices it, and then lays the cold pepperoni on it! I called him on it and asked him to cook it longer. He did. Ugh..... I was already upset at the fact that this was not the place I had grown to love. The crust was tough and thicker than before, and I won't even talk about toppings! Not Prima Pizza at all. Maybe they'll work out the kinks, I sure hope so...and I will try again.
1	The owners have recently changed and this is not the same Primas. They have raised the prices and the quality is not there anymore.  Ordered a slice of Pepperoni pizza and they took a slice of cooked cheese pizza put slices of pepperoni on it.  It was the little things that made Primas great and earned all of the 5 star ratings.  Some people may like the new place but don't go there expecting it to be the same as it was.
1	New owners, 'old recipe' (per the new owner), NOT the same. I will give this another go, but today I was thoroughly unimpressed. Guess I'll make the drive on down to Casanova Brothers again.--thoughts after initial update to review--Here is the thing. The place was a dirty, hole in the wall, REAL New York pizza joint with a just shy of rude owner (which is what you expect for the place). Walk in, "whaddayawant", throw some gigantic slices of cheese pizza in the oven and continue the phone conversation in some other language. Now it is cleaned up, big A frame sign with smilie face drawings that reads "Prima Pizza Bistro", and pizza made with cheap ingredients. People did not come here for a "bistro", we came here for some grease to your elbow NY pizza.  I have eaten here since the place opened, I will not be back. For Yelpers looking for a good NY pizza joint, I no longer recommend this place.  Cruise on past and go to Casanova Brothers. They are better than Prima was before, far better than now. I am really sad to see this place change hands and change the quality. You should not change what is not broken.
5	Stopped in for lunch and to watch Sunday football. New owner has several new TV'S. Interior has been updated and looks great. This restaurant is a great find. Food is great, too.
5	I love this new place I discovered yesterday!! I was my first time in there and was impressed!! The pizza was made with fresh ingredients!! Huge pizza!! I will definitely be back and had great deals on beer!! Don't listen to these bad reviews, go there yourself and you'll see what I mean.....
5	The service here is awesome. The owner makes you feel welcome and appreciated. Pizza is made fresh. It is good pizza and the service makes it great. The wings are awesome.
4	Great pizza and calzones, I'd you try this place you've gotta try the garlic knots...they're great.
1	I almost feel bad leaving this review, but I think the owners should know. My kids and I stopped in here a few nights ago to pick up food to go. When we walked in we were overwhelmed with the smell of sewer. Ew, it did not smell like pizza or Italian food at all. We ordered 2 slices cheese pizza and the garlic knots to eat at home.The garlic knots were so extremely full of butter and grease, we spit them out. They were inedible. And the pizza tasted like it had been sitting out all day. It was also super greasy. I don't know how you can get cheese pizza and garlic knots so wrong. :( We love to support small business, so I hope Prima Pizza improves.
4	Try the white pizza. You won't regret it. People writing reviews about it being too greasy are clueless. News flash folks, NY pizza isn't authentic without the thin crust and a little grease. Nice option for a local joint with no frills.
1	We went here yesterday for take out on the way to visit the kids and grandkids! What a disappointment. LONG wait, the food was HORRIBLE. I asked before the food was ready if they provide sauce for the garlic knots and ranch for the wings and Brenda (the owner?) said "Yes, we provide marinara for the knots and ranch for the wings." When the food was ready to go, I asked if the sauces were in there, they looked at me all bothered (maybe since I had already asked about the sauces) and rudely said "yes, there is ranch and marinara."  Well, I SHOULD HAVE CHECKED my dang self!  Once we sat down to eat, guess what? No ranch - WTH!  And a TEEENEY WEEENY container of marinara, not enough for one garlic knot. What a joke! First of all the pizza was horrible, I've had frozen pizza 10 times better than this. The wings were dried up and smaller than I'd ever think possible for a chicken wing. OMG - What a waste of $38.00. What people see in this place, I have no idea. Was it just my bad luck to get horrible food? Will it be better next time? I don't know, and I don't care. I don't plan on EVER going back. On top of all that, I didn't even get a receipt! I thought they stapled it to the bag, or put it inside the bag, but...NOPE! Nada - nothing! I give them a negative 5, but it made me check at least 1 start just to post this.
5	OK Something is wrong with this picture. I am seeing 1 stars then 5 stars back to 1 stars. I think Yelp needs to realize that this biz has changed hands a few times. Maybe give these folks a chance and just go by the dates that these owners took over the place. I went here on a whim. I remember my son saying that he thought is was close to a little mom and pop spot that we both used to work at. Our previous employer had great pizza and incredible Italian. This isn't about them though. Let me tell you what I do know. Very friendly people when you walk in. I met Bud the owner and his Head Chef. Damn nice people. We talked shop a little and he even asked me if my son was looking for work. I ordered a slice of cheese while standing at the counter. I was impressed by the slice pies and the size of the slices. I am a Boston girl and I know my pie. NY style pizza is a little greasy, the cheese stretches from your mouth when you take a bite. It is messy people. That is what makes it so damn good. This place is definitely doing something right. There is only one other time I have had pizza that good and that was at the previous job. I stopped eating pizza out here cuz I couldn't find the real deal. Well here it is. Cassanova Brothers holds nothing over this place. It;s all frozen there. I tried it twice. I didn't review it because I don't do the whole negative review thing. This place is a gem. I will recommend them to anyone I come across looking for pizza. I highly recommend it. Stop in for a slice and a conversation. I will definitely be back. I am looking forward to sampling the calzone and the eggplant. When reading the reviews pay attention to the dates because I guarantee the current owners have received more positive than negative reviews.
3	Ok, my family and I love the food. The pizza is ok but the wings are really good, and the ranch dressing that comes with them is phenominal. We have been getting wings from them often within the last 6 months. When I say often I mean every other week sometimes every week. So yes, we do buy from them. My complaint is the staff. They are so incredibly rude. I spend alot of money there to not even be acknowledged when I walk in is somewhat rude and unprofessional. The young lady that is at the register lacks customer service skills. EVERY time that I go in and pick up my order I hate giving them my money becasue of the bad service. And I am just picking up my order so I cant imagine what its like to dine there. If it wasnt for the wings being very good I would not give this pizza place my money. The owners should go over to Casanova brothers and see how they treat their customers and take notes on how customer service is done.
5	Really good New York style pizza with out the hype. Crispy  crust with a decent amount of grease on top... Yummm :-) I had mine with anchovies and my husband ordered his with sausage...We we're both very happy!   Skip Casanova 's ... (   Bland pizza... Doughy crust plus you wait  FOREVER to get your order)  prima's was cheaper, better, faster....!!
4	Great place to have a couple of slices of Pizza. We come from Illinois where there are so many great places to have Italian food.  So far this place has been the best we have tried in Mesa.  Crust was nice and crisp.  Nice little place kind of hidden but well worth finding.Hope this place stays around for a very long time.
