2	Calling this cab company is like shooting dice. You hope for the best but you don't always get what you want. My husband and I are a single car family so I often rely on this cab company to get me where I need to go. There are often times when I have no problem calling and getting a cab when I need one. However, there have been a few times where they neither show up or call to say they are not showing up. Like today for example. I call and they say no problem they have one in the area they would be there right away. After waiting for twenty minutes in the cold my goosebumps persuade me to wait in the vestibule for another ten minutes. I finally call back to say just forget it and the dispatcher yells at me that I wasn't there. I know where I was, I know where I told them I was and I know how long I waited, so unlike me I yell back. Hindsight that probably wasn't the nicest thing for me to do, but I was upset. I guess they aren't too bad if you find one of these at a cab stand, Most of the cars I have been in are old and poorly taken care of, but they do take cards. Most of the drivers are friendly and at times when I don't feel like talking, they get it. If you need a cab I recommend making A cab your second call.
1	Stole my iPhone 4!!!!!!!! I left my phone in a cab and realized it about 45 secs later. After a million calls and texts, cab driver didn't respond or turn it in, prob sold it on the black market...I know I left in there because I set it down after he wanted to read both my palms.... Shady cab driver named Tony , young guy who wears glasses, he said he likes to gamble at the Orleans so prob a degenerate gambler who is in debt.....
4	This cab company serves Summerlin, and a neighbor told me to give them a try for my trip downtown. I liked that that they were so familiar with the area that they got to me easily and relatively quickly.  The driver was a Cuban guy, very friendly and fun to talk to about his views of Las Vegas.  I'll use them again.
5	Attending a conference in Las Vegas today  we accidentially left a bag filled with equipment to one of their cabs. The driver and the company went through enormous effort get us the bag pack. We could not be happier about the service and integrity they showed today.
1	BEWARE*********PLEASE DONT USE!We made an online reservation and got an online confirmation after the game on Super Bowl Sunday from N. Vegas to the strip. Quoted 60 min., called 15 min. after the hour passed to inquire where our cab was. Things Ive learned:1. The confirmation received when booking via internet evidently means nothing. So why have it I ask??2. The staff doesn't care if youre stranded, even if their company confirmed a ride home.3. They don't care so much that they will hang up on you after asking for her name when she evidently went to her safe place and keeps repeating:the supervisor is on break the supervisor is on break the supervisor is on breakOk, I'll call back, whats your name, you've been so helpful...click. line dead.I'm thinking its someone's own car out of their own house? definitely not a company...Call your hotels concierge, probably get better results.
2	Dispatch was terrible and rude. Called for a cab said they were sending one in 20 minutes or less.  30 minutes passed called again they said they didn't have anyone and to just wait longer.  Finally a cab showed up, nice guy. Confirmed he was only dispatched to us a few minutes prior.  So dispatch sucks, driver good.
1	I needed a cab service on Friday 8/15/14 because my car was in the shop, so I called A Cab Service for my ride to work and things worked out fine. I decided to call them again for a ride home from work and I had the WORST customer service experience I've had in a very long time. Her name was Teresa and if I were over their quality dept I would send her back for re-training. Actually this company can't have a quality dept because she would have never been hired. She was so rude and condescending, then she hung up in my face. I decided not to give that company any of my business or hard earned money, so I called Western Cab Co at (702)382-7100. They arrived quick, the rate was fare and the driver was kind. Finally, thanks to Teresa I will never use this cab service again and if I could just have one person read this post, and not give business to a company who doesn't appreciate good paying customers, I've done my job. These companies need to remember it's the customer that keeps your company a float, and we do have other choices, without us you would be out of business, SO TREAT US RIGHT!!!
1	Called for a taxi around 4:00PM, was told the tax would arrive around 4:15PM, 4:30 rolls around and still no taxi. I call another company which arrives in minutes, around 4:40 A-Cab Co finally shows up and when I tell him the cab is no longer needed the driver fires of a snide remark about me WASTING HIS TIME. I work for a production company that often uses cabs to drive talent and crew around. I will be sure to let everyone I work with to not use A-Cab Co. Driver was in cab #1345.
1	If I could give it NO star I would! Worse ever! Called an hour and a half ahead. At scheduled time - no cab! Called them, was told the taxi is on the way. 15 min later no taxi. Called them back, got the rudest dispatcher. She told me I didn't know Vegas traffic and have a right to complain and hung up the phone! Will never use them again!
1	If you want to get to your destination alive do not use this company. Their drivers are reckless, rude and have no respect on the road. The dispatcher was a female whom was very rude and unprofessional who was no help and hung up on us twice. We had to wait 30 minutes when we were told they should be at our pick up destination in 10 minutes. Last but not least I quote our tax driver."I know us taxis drivers s are a little crazy but we are just trying to get to our destination as fast as we can"
2	Mixed results on this company. They rescued me from a grocery store once. Then I needed a ride to a pharmacy ASAP for meds and it was a two hour wait. I was clocking the minutes because I would have had to call 911. I didn't have to but when you're in need of life saving meds remember that if these people don't show up it's your tax dollars at work for a meaningless, overpriced trip to an ER that has to be the most absurdly stupid thing ever.
1	Called from walmart to get picked up with all my shit (I had milk etc) and I had to wait outside for almost 2hrs... Fuckin ridiculous & annoying... They should at least advise a very long wait then I wouldn't of even checked out to begin w/ cause my food just ended up spoiled by the time I got home! Ugh
1	Wow, If only no stars was possible. They are by far the worst cab company ever. Terrible service and always something new.The dispatcher is really rude, also the cab drivers are always  confused as to where they are going. Not structured, not clean, and not welcoming.
1	I waited 45 minutes for a cab at a t-mobile. When I called dispatch to see how long it would take she snapped "be patient" and hung up. The cab driver also complained about how he has no money and reminded us to tip. Super Tacky!
1	Don't know why it took 20 min to get picked up from hospital and 30 bucks to go 2 miles in the middle of a weekdayThis town desperately needs uber
