5	Bottom line:  If you need a wedding venue in Las Vegas - there are certainly no shortages of them.  However, I'll put in my vote for Caesars Palace.I'll start off by saying that originally I had absolutely no desire to get married in Vegas.  I had originally determined that Virginia would be the place for us - it's where we live, it's where we met; the hardest part - finding that special spot not only for the wedding, but for the wedding reception. When I couldn't find anything to my liking, I started thinking that perhaps Vegas wouldn't be so bad (it is after all where he proposed to me).  I had some friends turn me on to Caesars Palace.  Mr. Douglas G helped me set up everything I needed and also put me in contact with others to help me make it an experience I won't forget. Gregg and I wanted simple, no fuss and intimate with family and friends.  Caesars had the perfect package - the Bella Luna. Our wedding coordinator, Lindsay was awesome!  She guided me through each step usually with just a form to film out or a question to answer (nice and simple the way I like it).  On the day of the wedding, she called me to make sure I had everything I needed and helped it all go smooth.  The photographer was very professional and took lots of photographs - I can't wait to see them all.   As a venue it was perfect, I could not have asked for anything better!  Thanks again to Douglas and Lindsay, but also to Irene P for arranging our Friday night pre-wedding festivities, and Sandra B for arranging our wedding dinner.  Thank you all for making our wedding weekend no stress and perfect!
5	I got hitched to Carol W at Caesars Palace.  Our ceremony was in the Romano Chapel, a small non-denominational chapel located on the Mezzanine Level of the Augustus Tower.  I was told when to show up.  I arrived at the chapel on time.  The ceremony started promptly at 6pm.  It was a short and sweet, but beautifully memorable.  The wedding staff at Caesars really made it a seamless process from planning to execution.  Lindsay, our wedding coordinator, did an outstanding job!  She must've since my bride enjoyed her wedding day, was completely relaxed and far from a "bridezilla".  Brian, our minister, officiated the service with the proper balance of seriousness and fun.  Our photographer, whose name escapes me, was patient, friendly and efficient.  Of course, it's not like it was their first rodeo.  Although it wasn't our first rodeo, either!  There are plenty of wedding chapels to be found in Las Vegas, but the wedding staff and the Romano Chapel at Caesars Palace made our special day stress-free allowing us to just to be able to relax and enjoy it.  They were perfect!
5	I am so pleased that I chose Caesars Palace for my ceremony venue. It really is like getting married in a palace. Its a very grand venue for a Vegas wedding, or for any wedding for that matter. I gor married in the Juno Garden 10/17/13. Planning went ok. I was a little worried how smooth things would run since you only get so much interaction with the coordinator. They work with a lot of weddings and itcan take a while to respond to emails. But on the day of my wedding everything was perfect. The Juno Garden is so elegant on its own, there is no need to spend thousands on floral arrangements like in most venues. Its beautiful as-is. I saved a lot of money having an amazing intimate wedding (60 guests)... that was just as beautiful as any $50,000 wedding. And getting married in Vegas is so much fun! I paid an outside vendor fee and used Joey Allen Photography (way more affordable then the company Caesars uses). It was worth it since I wanted several hours of photography.  His websites has his rates. I really recommend CP if you want a no fuss BEAUTIFUL and elegant Vegas wedding.
1	We had our wedding here last fall in the Juno garden. We chose the Caesars package which included extras such as a limo ride, flower credit, food credit, bridal hair and makeup up, etc...I'd love to say we had a great experience but sadly we didn't. Our planner wasn't as dedicated as they made it sound like she'd be. And she lacked in communication with not only us, but other people responsible for aspects of our wedding. My bouquet while beautiful was outrageously overpriced as well as all the other arrangements. The photographer was amateurish and lacked imagination for poses. The videographer was also amateurish in that they used only one camera so you got only one point of view, the quality of which could easily have been surpassed by any one of my guests.  The limo driver, which was supposed to have been cancelled by my planner due to an event that closed down the strip, was not notified his services had been cancelled and had a horrible attitude. Essentially all their contractors were unprofessional and excessively overpriced if you wanted something not included in your package. And if you do not want to use their contractors you have to pay a fee to use your own. Our wedding planner stated she could not help us plan the reception, which was fine as they were two separate events, but when asked for guidance as to who to contact to plan the reception we were essentially told to go to one of their restaurants. We told her we wanted a banquet style reception and were made to believe that the restaurants were our only choice. Come to find out they do have banquet style reception planners, but that was another horrible experience for similar reasons as in this review. The hotel staff while not directly attached to the wedding planning side of the hotel tried to make our stay special and did sweet things to make our stay romantic, but they entered our room multiple times without our permission which made me extremely uncomfortable. Housecleaning even entered our room and removed items after I and my guests had told them that we did not want housecleaning or for them to enter the room. Hotel staff even entered the room after we put the do not disturb sign on the door. They also disrupted us during our "alone" time ruining the moment. I booked our entire wedding ceremony and hotel stay with our "dedicated" wedding planner, who like I said was not very dedicated or communicative. We ended up being charged what they are saying is a resort fee of $84 without that resort fee being disclosed on any paperwork and that fee was charged after we had checked out and paid our entire bill leaving with a zero balance. We were also charged $200 after checking out with a zero balance, that $200 supposedly being an incidental fee which we had no incidentals. Lastly, at one point we had a pending $275 charge that luckily did not go through, that was also unaccounted for. We told our planner what our budget was and she did not respect it one bit. If anything she was trying to get every last cent she could from us as evidenced by the charges we were charged after everything was said and done. And yes, It was determined that those extra charges were because of the wedding planner. And yes, after making multiple grievances with the hotel and claims with my bank, we were reimbursed the money. Overall very bad experience that made a stressful day even worse and ruined our memories of our special day.
5	We were just married at the Juno Garden in Caesars Palace. I could not have designed a wedding more perfect for us. Our wedding coordinator, Melissa, made it all so easy.. was like filling out an easy check-box questionnaire and presto..you're done planning with venue, flowers, music, photographer and the whole bit.. done. The venue was absolutely beautiful and the whole ceremony was perfectly efficient. Our 80 family and friends were stunned and loved it. Just perfect.
5	I loved my wedding at the Venus Garden. I paid for the Caesar's Ceremony package, and the Caesar's plated buffet for my reception. It was all very expensive, but what do you expect. It's not Imperial Palace! Everything was great. I worked with Melissa on my Ceremony, and Lisa Lynn on my reception, and they were both responsive, sweet, attentive & helpful. I just wish I could do it all again!!
5	My wife and I were married here by Rev. Brian Ross. We did some research on Las Vegas weddings and really liked the proposal form Caesars. We looked at a number of other venues, and their are lots of options, you can really have any kind of wedding you want in this town. Caesars just checked all our boxes. We really liked the venue here and all the people who helped make it so memorable. Everything was just about flawless, the salon for the ladies, the setting in the garden, the flowers, the music, the dinner  after onsite, all spectacular.
4	Nice venue with 3 different chapel sizes to fit the needs and capacity allowance for anyone getting married. Located in the Augustus Tower. It's the newer tower and such a plus is that it has its own valet so if they have room to take your car, you are mere steps and a short elevator or walk up one flight of stairs to the wedding chapel on the 2nd level.Close friends of ours recently picked to renew their vows after 10 years of marriage at Caesars. It was a really nice ceremony, the person officiating the vow renewal & the wedding coordinator did a great job. They do not allow any photography or video during the ceremony but I didnt mind that. You're there to witness an exchange of wedding vows and it should be taken in and held special. No need to be trying to get the photo or video at the expense of missing the ceremony.The chapel was elegant. I cant remember the name of the chapel we were in but it was the biggest one of the 3. It had more chairs, a longer center aisle and had a nice stained glass circular centerpiece that looked great. This larger chapel was the one nearest to Guy Savoy restaurant (2 star Michelin!). There are restrooms on the floor and this particular chapel also had a bridal room right before the entrance.It was a beautiful ceremony in a really nice venue orchestrated by seasoned professionals. I'd say that was a success and recommend it highly to those thinking of taking the plunge there. It was a very memorable ceremony to witness for all my friends & I.
