2	Not sure why everyone keeps raving about this place....After much insistence, I gave up and went to see what all the hoopla was about.Going during the dinner rush, I was immediately crushed both in front and back with families of 6 to 8.  No one ever brought bread to our table even though all the tables around us were served at least two or three times.  We requested bread four times and had to ask for our drinks to be refilled.  Still no bread, and I ran out of water so consistently that I had to swallow the food dry.The roast was cut with the grain, making it inedible.  Veggies were overcooked.  The famous steaks people are always talking about were nowhere to be seen since they closed the grill.As we left, the manager must have seen the unhappy look on our faces and asked if there was anything he could do.  We explained what happened to which he apologized and said that if we sat back down, he would make sure bread came to us.Yeah, cuz the bread is SO good we want to go sit back down and wait for possibly forever again.  GUH!Thanks, but no thanks...ever again.
2	This place is creepy. You enter and pay and are given your utensils. Where you pay is a little island with stuff all over the place inside. I understand they seat you, no one sat us and we found our own seat. So I sat for a few seconds before I went hunting for food. Who ever decorated this place must have been drunk and stuck in the sixties, truly awful. So I went for the food. I started with a salad, how do all of those topping taste the same? I really mean it, how do they do that? The fruit was very fresh and good though. Segue on to the mains, a little Mexican, a little Chinese and all American. All edible but not really edible enough to want more. I did stand in front of the ham for a slice, but the people back there were flipping steaks and look at you and never make a move toward you to carve. It is funny too, they flip and they flip but no one ever gets a steak, weird. Dessert is just pieces of things that look like chocolate or carrot cake, but taste nothing like what the look like. This is a place for folks who want to eat until they puke and not care about what it is that made them puke. Flavour is not a consideration I guess.
3	Very spacious place, though quite cold when we were there (Rand H. Mike C and I came here at 11 am so perhaps they had just turned on the heat). The staff was friendly and the food was nicely presented in distinct sections. As for the food itself, it was mostly OK, although for me it would have been better if they had put less salt on the food. I like that they offered items not found in most buffets, such as asparagus, brussel sprouts, and fresh-cooked potato chips. I would prefer, though, that they would allow us to get our own plates rather than give us a set number of plates when they seat us.
4	Well to start Golden corral is one of my favorite buffets and to see them averaging 2 stars i had to wonder why. I read the all the reviews and thought well maybe these people just hit them on an off day or they were having an off day.I found this location to be not Quite as good as Thomas rd. or Bell rd. in Surprise but still it was no 2 star.The only thing i found wrong with this one was they did not have the stacks of plates by the food instead they gave you a small stack on your table.As far as the food went it was all your typical Golden Corral items.I left there very full and pleased and yes I would return.I hope my review boosts there rating Golden Corral deserves more then 2 stars.
4	So I was reading through the reviews of this place and I see that they are a bit dated so im going to update a few things for you guys! They now let you get your own utensils and plates instead of giving them to you when you pay.Yes it is crowded but hey its good and cheap come on now! And yes there are alot of kids running around but I dont really mind it all that much since I have two kids of my own.....now dont think that im letting my kids run around this place because Im a better parent that that! The food is good,I really dont see a problem with it at all! I really dont care where things are located on the buffet line as along as they are there im happy and I dont mind walking a few feet to get my salad! The rolls are amazing with the honey butter and I cant get enough of them. And a tip....wear something warm,they crank up the ac so its freezing in there....pretty sure they do it to make people leave quicker! I have had one bad waitress here and we told the manager about it,they ended up giving us a whole box of fresh buns and honey butter to go! yum! so as long as the food is good and they dont have flies in their food which happened to me last week at souper salad then im a fan!
5	I circled back around to this Golden Corral today, joined by Mike C., to see if it still warrants only 3-Stars.  Well, they are back to letting you get your own plates & silverware, there was lots & lots of excellent, mostly American food out, they have very comfortable booths now for seating, & the temperature where I sat was just right, not chilly like it sometimes is at the otherwise great GC on Thomas Rd.This Golden Corral moves up to being my favorite of them all!  5-Stars!     :-))
5	I ate here last night with my family and was very pleased with the place.  We went right at dinner time and they weren't very busy at all.  We had no problems finding a table to accomidate my family of 5.  The plates and silverware were stacked at the front and was easily accessed. The food was something else.  I had some Louisiana chicken and rice that was really good and I also had some Beef Pot Roast that was loscious and tender, and some mashed potatoes and gravy that reminded me of the comfort food of my mothers.  My wife did have a slice of their meatloaf and it was very dry and neutral on the taste.  Probably because of how dry it was.  The desserts were the average kind of desserts and were tasty but not out of this world.The waitress was very attentive and did a wonderful job with my three young children and all their demands.  The place was very clean and organized.   We will come to this location again even though there is one closer to our home.
4	-PARKING: plenty-DECOR: what is with the BRIGHT fluorescent lights during dinner? Most places have softer lighting during dinner. Plus, it smelled like dirty carpets and felt like some kind of church hall meeting with the strange lighting.-RESTROOM: Smelled like sewage and needed to be cleaned, like someone just had a toilet paper party in the ladies restroom.-SERVICE: all of the employees that I encountered were friendly.-PRICE: Not too bad for dinner, like $10 bucks and change.-FOOD: Pretty good. The Chinese was not good, but all of the American "comfort" foods were pretty tasty. Decent selection.-BEVERAGE: They give you your beverage when you pay and the waitress gives you refills. No access to coffee or your own refills. Reminds me of the Vegas buffets where you are at the mercy of the Food Server for refills.****Four Stars for good food and friendly service.
3	Come here every once in a blue moon to overfill my belly... I can always find a few good items, plus they seem to have made to order steaks on every visit. Last time I went for lunch they were making cheeseburger sliders and they were really good : )
1	Ate here for lunch. You pay for what you get. The food quality is not that great. A lot of the foods were not replenished in a timely manner. Our server was Tammy. She fail to clear our dishes from our table as we went to get our different course meals. There were dirty cups and silverware on the other tables in our dining area where the people have already left the restaurant. One visit was enough.
4	As good as buffets can get.  we always get right in and don't have to wait in line for  cashier, food, or drinks.  Eve when crowded, they do a great job of keeping food stocked and I don't remember having to wait in any of our 4 trips here.Prices are about $30-35  for 2 with tip.Clean and good service.
4	I'm bumping it up a star because my daughter LOVES this place :)There's something about eating until your ready to pop that puts a little twinkle in her eyes, lol! As far as buffets goes, this is definitely one of the better chains. Clean, good variety & always packed.
5	It's been 17 months since this GC got an update so i whipped in today to join in on their super busy Sunday Buffet, starting with some excellent Clam Chowder.  Then after a great salad with lots of toppings including several kinds of meat, it was on to the hot foods.  There was fried-to-order Talapia &/or Shrimp with various beds available plus topping choices.  Then it was on to the just-right fried chicken, mashed potatoes & gravy, Brussels Sprouts (!), Calamari (!), deep fried baby octopus (!), steak, roast beef, pasta, & so on, ending up with some delicious piping hot lava cake with whipped cream.The Sunday extravaganza they put on here is a serious pig-fest for $10.99/$9.99 Sr.  No wonder the place was packed!     :-))
1	We came here for lunch today.  It was my first and LAST time!Atmosphere:  When I opened the door, it smelled like a bathroom that needs to be bleached!  OK, so ignore the smell, maybe its just the wonderful fresh air is playing with my senses.  However, half way through our meal, the waitress was pouring hot water from a coffee pot onto the carpet and scrubbing the floor with her broom, then sweep it into a dustpan.  Did someone just puke there?  or was it a food mess?  but why pour water onto carpet that people are walking on, its not going to dry!  Took a good look at the carpet, it looks like its been there for 20 years and never cleaned.Service:  The waiter got us water and came back once to ask if we were OK.  He walked by several times to service the table next to us (they had 8 people, we had 5) but didn't bother picking up our plates.  We ended up putting our plates on a nearby table so we can get the table clear.  Food:  Decent.  Some items were bland.  Some were good.  Some were over cooked.  I really like the multigrain bread roll.  Clam chowder was ok.  Chocolate fondue was the best part of the meal.But were are never going back to this location again.  Eating while the place smells like the bathroom is not very appetizing.
5	Well, it's been about six months since my last Update for this, my favorite Golden Corral here in the main part of the Valley.  Mike C. & I dropped in for Breakfast & Lunch, arriving at about 10:45 AM today, after sadly discovering that the new Hong Kong King Buffet across the street has already gone under.  Everything here was delicious, no there was no "smell" to the place, as someone reported, except for maybe that of delicious food!  Along with that, the table service was just right, as was the air temperature, food temperature, cleanliness including the bathroom, & everything else about the place!  It shouldn't have to be Fogo de Chao at these prices & YES, I still think it's 5 STARS for this type of restaurant!  They switch quite a bit of the food out between 11 & 11:15 AM, so arrive just before that for the most amazing feast.     :-))Breakfast Buffet:  $8.79/$8.19 Sr.
1	On 2/17/13, I took my family here to eat. This would have been my first visit here. Upon our arrival, I knew there was going to be a long wait because it was Sunday afternoon. However, after 5 minutes of standing in line we were asked to leave without a valid reason. One worker said they were running out of food but another said their bathrooms were not working. When I was standing in line I noticed their soda machine was leaking all over the floor near the front of the line. There were paper towels covering it up. Also, for the little bit of time we were in line, the line barely moved. I wont' be going back to this location!
5	Had a wonderful experience tonight at this Golden Corral, restaurant very clean, food was out of this world, and Don our server was just great, service was friendly from everyone. Glad I didn't pay attention to the negative remarks here. Great time. Keep up the good work.
3	I haven't been to a Golden Corral since 2008 after my wife got food poisoning.  The bathroom even smelled funky throughout the restaurant.  I reported it to managment and they didn't seem to care so since then they don't get my business.However, a friend treated us to this location and the experience was much better.  The food options were plentiful, fresh and delicious.  Go at lunch time the pricing is cheaper.
3	Well I was outvoted by my kids and ended up here on a Saturday just before dinner rush. Oh boy, have not been to this location but have been twice recently to the one in Casa Grande. My first impression was total horror as this place was absolutely filthy . Not one area was clean, food spilled everywhere and it was really shocking how the crowd just did not seem phased at all. I am a buffet lover of all kinds, from the $8 special to the $50 Las Vegas Wynn. I am not stuck up in the buffet sense but there was no way I was eating here. And what made it worse was the food was either dried up looking or empty. I flagged down a manager and after speaking to Chris it was handled in such a respectable manner that I did stay, had dinner and left with a feeling like customer service did indeed exist. Immediately the stations were cleaned with a sense of urgency, new food poured out and the dinner was very good. I was approached several times by staff and asked how everything was. I spoke to a few customers who thanked me as they saw my action and I believe everyone had a good dinner once the management took steps to correct the situation. I was offered a family comp on the next visit and I will take Chris up on his offer and check in with the next adventure to the buffet. Chris is a definite asset to the company and even without the comp offer I was plesently surprised at the caring attitude of all staff members involved.
1	Well this evening we were going to head down to the restaurant and get our complimentary dinner as promised by manager Chris on April 27th. If you read my previous review you have an idea of what the situation was last week. As I stated, the manager was very nice and he offered my family free dinner next time we came in. Well we decided to go tonight but I wanted to call Chris and give him a heads up that we were coming.  'GM' Rosario?... answered the phone and I asked for Chris. This Rosario told me that he was not on tonight. I told him who I was and let him know that we were planning to come down tonight. I explained the situation and this GM (how he got that position is way questionable) basically told me that 'we don't do that here'. Okay..... So did you want to call him and he can tell you what he offered to us, or do you just want to take care of us and you can deal with Chris tomorrow?... No,no,no and no..  Are you seriously joking right now?  I have the receipt, I have a review online discussing how great Chris took care of us and you really are not going to honor your managers promise???   Mr 'GM' then started telling me how he is going to discipline Chris tomorrow and blah,blah,blah....  STOP Mr horrible 'GM wannabe' Rosario. Do not talk to me about your disciplinary action you plan on handing you manager because that is not only incredibly unprofessional but it is not appropriate to discuss with your customers. What a joke, what a lousy sad excuse for a supposed GM. We had a few more words and he then said I could come down and talk to Chris tomorrow when he is on duty.So you want me to drive down there! And what? This is the night we are able to come, not tomorrow.  I advised that I will come down tomorrow and get a refund. According to Mr 'GM', they will do no such thing. Apparently they give out cards, not verbal promises.  Well Mr Worthless, thank you for nothing, I will let Chris know tomorrow and I most definitely forward this to someone higher up then you and someone that may actually care about customer service. REMEMBER- this comp was offered, not asked for. Well my family is obviously not going to the buffet tonight, LOL, We are heading to CheeseCake Factory, where the food is amazing and always 5 star.. 'Mr GM', you will be passed on to cooperate or whoever I find appropriate and they will be hearing from me, about you.
1	My number one pet peeve is cobwebs hanging over my head while I'm trying to eat and a rude hostess..this place is awful. And smells like a dirty toilet bowl. Too bad because the food is decent. Maybe you guys should change the carpet.
4	Ok so yesterday I received a call from 'Chris', the nice restaurant manager. So it seems like my review last week made to the higher ups and I assume they were not very happy. If that's the case then good. Customer service is so important and when I called last week I had a pretty bad experience with a different manager. It's was enough of a bad experience that made me Yelp and share my concerns. Well Chris was so incredibly nice on the phone yesterday and it did not surprise me because he is awesome in his job. Well after everything that happened last week I was pleased to hear from and he basically told me how sorry he was. No worries Chris- I appreciate the follow through and the personal call. I was informed that the company sent out some free dinners although it was not necessary, it was appreciated. Thank you for taking care of your customer.4 stars for service. Thanks again!
3	Just OK. Besides 75% of the food being good and the nice customer service, the place looks run down. Reminds me of a hospice or hospital cafeteria with upgraded food. A good interior decorator and remodel would definitely attract a better crowd and turn this place around.
4	Well I'm happy to say that our 'free' dinner was pretty darn good. I don't know her name but the lady manager with the long blondish hair remembered us and she was so nice. Happy to report a positive review. Thank you, I really appreciate the follow-up and we will definitely be back! :)
1	Four stars?!  Seriously - FOUR stars?!  I'm beginning to wonder about some of the people, who post reviews on Yelp.  I admit to often being a pretentious horse's ass, who thinks he's better than most people and says it out loud.Golden Corral offers you lots of substandard food at reasonable --- not great:  reasonable --- prices and that's about all there is to say.  You won't find any of the chefs, who cook here to have passed audition for Hell's Kitchen or Master Chef  (though Chef Ramsey MIGHT have allowed them to clean his restaurants' bathrooms).  This is not to fault them or other people, who work at this location in Goodyear:  they're attentive, friendly, quick to serve and overall excellent employees.  But the food is just nasssssty.  Not "nasty":  nassssssty.  If you meet someone on a date you think you might want to get to know better and they say they like this place, it's time for you to hit Craigslist again.Most of the food here is oversalted and of questionable quality.  Enough grease is produced in this place to qualify it as an automotive lube center during off hours.  And thank God Morton's Salt has found a place in the Valley to unload its excess salt packages ... unfortunately, the packages have been pre-opened and dumped in anything which might look like food.I'm sorry, but when workers from Domino's and Waffle House laugh at a place, you know there's something seriously wrong; hit Black Bear Diner up the road instead
5	= = = =  SUNDAY BREAKFAST + LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = =It's been nearly a year so I dropped back into this GC today (Sunday) for lunch, arriving at 10:45 AM to enjoy both the Breakfast & Lunch Buffets.  This gives you an extra large array of over 150 items to choose from, not including sauces & dressings, as they gradually change over to the lunch menu.Some of my favorite tastes today were the various fruit drinks, tasty hot ham, tender, delicious Prime Rib (Yes, really!), several kinds of fish, "bacon candy", breaded, deepfried bacon (OMG!), cheesy hashbrowns, good Corned Beef Hash, S-word on a Shingle, their always good fried chicken & much more.  They were also cooking up custom ordered omelets and broiling thick sirloin steaks to order.So is this place some kind of big calorie, cholesterol, sugar & salt extravaganza??YES!!     :-))     YES!!     :-))SOOOOO, skip the vegan place once in a while & come here to pig out & have a great time for a low price!Arrive before 11 AM & it's $8.49/$7.99 Sr. includes widest food selection & unlimited beverages including various fruit juices, milk, sodas, coffee, & so on.Arrive after 11 AM & it's $7.99/$7.49 Sr., beverages extra (sort of).
2	I never thought I would ever eat at Golden Corral for a very good reason. I just don't like buffets. Just the idea of bulk food being pushed out ASAP. It has been years since I have been to one. But today was my lucky day, Our aunt wanted to take us out for dinner after I was nice enough to help her at her apartment. Now this place has a lot of food! And a lot of people! I had their steak, medium but it was more like medium well and tasted like leather. Wanted a bun, but this one lady decided to take all twelve buns at once and left none! Asked her if she had enough, I can easily get another plate for her and take it to her table! She just looked at me? How rude! Anyway, I had some other food. They did look good, but just didn't taste that well. This place was a mess, tables were dirty, crumbs everywhere. But what do you expect! Only came here because of my aunt, this is not a franchise I normally go to. Only because I am not a buffet person.
2	The worst I gave ever been to, party of 4 .No yeast Rolls no seafood salad fried chicken way over cooked refill on drinks came after we were done no coconut cream pie 8-(
1	The workers were nice I guess, the food wasnt very good. Everything about the place just seemed so damn old the wallpaper plates, ceiling, and decor. You dont expect much from a buffet, I would like to feel a little cleaner while I eat. I typically dont eat buffets, but we dont have these in Minnesota and I thought we would try it.
1	The people of Walmart buffet!  An endless parade of oversized people serving themselves oversized portions of unhealthy, poor quality, poorly prepared food.  The ambiance matched Walmart including the Degrazia Babies with dirty snot stained faces running around in bare feet with a diaper swaying between their knees overfilled with urine. Cheesy music is regularly interrupted with a PA system of management barking orders at the employees. Dirty floors and greasy food encrusted black stained carpets. Wall to wall horrible.
1	This place one of the worst Golden Corrals I've ever been to. The food is decent but the management is horrible and unhelpful. They treat their staff and guests horrible. Mediocre attitude and unprofessional customer service by management!
1	This location continues to go further and further down the proverbial hill, had dinner there with my family after self-boycotting the place several months ago and remembered why I don't eat there anymore. Right after walking in I peek at the Steak grill and as usual there is nothing cooking and what's there resembles a hockey puck! These guys are getting what amounts to probably the worst cuts of meat on the planet, full of grizzle, never cooked to anything other than well done or still moo'ing and for what amounts to the item that is the main reason people come into the chain, they make it the reason not to! I even asked the cook when he's putting down more meat and he said soon, the 3 pieces he had left were lumps of coal and the restaurant was filling up, might be a clue to start cooking sport! The place just generally looks unclean, there is plenty of staff but it's unclear as to what they're doing, no bowls for ice cream hell actually no ice cream, the vanilla was not working and nobody was doing anything about it, not even putting a sign on it that said out of service that would be helpful right! One of my favorites to use to camouflage the poor taste of the bad steaks are the sauteed mushrooms, well there were none the entire time we were there, it just sat empty and what's funny is the steak cook has a clear view of that and could or should do something about it.  I think that what broke the camels back this trip is that residents from what appeared to be from a local group home had come in for dinner, nothing wrong with that but they were a little scary and off-putting, smelled bad, had service dogs and the manager might have wanted to use the party room, called it a VIP area and had them eat in there, instead they were front and center taking up a chuck of the right dining room after you walk in which means that everyone got a glimpse of them as soon as they paid for their plates since the human eyes naturally goes to the right, really not good judgement on the part of management for the sake of the other guests. Bottom line, the last 3 visits were all bad, I'm a 3 strikes and you're out kinda guy, they will never see me again.
2	Went there today for breakfast after a meeting with my wife.  Really not a fan of this location to begin with, but sometimes we think it may be better than Ihop.  The items on the buffet did not appear to be fresh, and as usual the establishment had a dingy, unclean feel to it.  The waitress was never around I think we got 1 total refill between my wife and I.  Maybe this place would be better for dinner, but we have only had breakfast there.   One would think that it is difficult to mess up breakfast.
1	I will never go to golden coral again the place was dirty looking had a urine smell in the back the food was cold & old service sucked there was flys landing on the food
3	Is the AC on? It felt like we were outside. Sunday dinner with my sistee, they definantly took their time making the food it was good. Very packed of course because sunday dinner. The chocolate fountain and carmel was awesome. It felt real crowded inside. The workers seemed to be on break because our plates seemed to pile up. The waiter that wasnt even in our area Justin was very helpful he came an cleared our table and provided refills.
5	= = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Made it back over here to this Golden Corral after nearly a year, this time joined by Jackie R. & Mike C.  Happy to report that things are still great here...  just lots of good American food, over 150 items to choose from and all accompanied by a friendly, comfortable restaurant and low prices (which have not increased from last time).  More food details are available in my previous reviews, but this time let me just invite you to come over here hungry & enjoy lots of good eating!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $7.99/$7.49 Sr.
4	Love going to Golden Corral. They have such a large selection of food choices and most of the items I've tried have been very good. Some of my favorites are the starches: mac & cheese, made-from-scratch mashed potatoes, and yeast rolls. I used to really enjoy the pot roast, but now I'm hooked on the meatloaf. Some of the other things I ate: pulled pork, pinto beans, mini corn dog, steak fries, and baked pasta. All pretty good. And of course I got dessert! A chocolate/vanilla soft serve cone and jello. Some new things... they now have hand dipped ice cream: rainbow sherbet, cookies & cream, butter pecan, and strawberry. But they only had strawberries, marshmallows, and a couple burnt, pumpkin-shaped sugar cookies to dip in the chocolate fountain. They used to have macaroons and rice crispy treats! Not sure if they were just out or not carrying them anymore. One thing I would like to see there is cherry cheesecake. They've had cheesecake before, but it was always warm (room temperature). Not appetizing--cheesecake ought to be cold! The place is usually busy and drink service is hit-and-miss, but our server last night was decent keeping our waters refilled. If you want to overindulge and are prepared to navigate the buffet with many overweight people and less-than-considerate kids, it's a good place to go eat!
2	I was kind of grossed out by the uncleanliness of the place and of the bathrooms. It was as if they turned off the air. Service was slow and it took a while to get refills. The food was not that great and a lot of it had either been sitting out too long or needed to be replenished. I have always wanted to try this place when we come to visit. Now that's out of my system and I can honestly say I wouldn't go back. The only perk of this place was that 2/3 of my kids were young enough to eat for free. Prices are decent, but the quality of food in my opinion wasn't.
4	Last night the man serving the carved dishes was extremely friendly prompt and helpful.  This is by far one of the better buffets I have been too.  The waitress was a very busy bee but was friendly and tried her best to help all her tables w refills and cleaning etc.The front cashier was new but seemed to be catching on very quickly.  We have tried breakfast, lunch, and dinner and have enjoyed all 3
