5	Attentive staff made us comfortable in French and English right off the bat as we eased into this soothing cool grey room sunk below street level in Montreal's small Chinatown. We were heading to dinner but hungry already and so ordered dumplings and broccoli to share, which we saw delivered by a gent from the restaurant upstairs. Very tasty. You can obviously get this food cheaper in the area, but it's a great idea to work with a neighbour to provide eating options to balance out the stiff cocktails and keep you hiding out happy here for longer. There are some serious cocktails here, and some seriously playful ones, and either way they are hard like one would hope for after a work day or a day spent walking around in Old Montreal. There are also delicious virgin sodas here which is a thoughtful option for DDs or pregnant ladies or friends just off the sauce. The specialty cocktails are huge and fun and the room is chill and quiet lovely. Definitely a nice addition to downtown.
4	I went to Le Mal Necessaire last Saturday evening for an outing with friends. As soon as I entered the bar, I felt a laid back atmosphere. Practically any seat, aside from the bar, will give you a panoramic view of the place. You feel as though you are having a drink at a friend's loft. But you can rest assured, an intimate experience is on the menu. The most enjoyable, of course, are the drinks. I ordered the Chia Fresca and it was love at first sip. It was amazingly refreshing. The mix of coconut water, cucumber, and gin brought me to heaven. Thankfully, you can order a pitcher of this amazingness. Since the bar has recently opened, I expect more people to learn about this gem on the outskirts of Chinatown. Therefore, if you are like me, and enjoy a relatively small crowd, I suggest you go soon. Cheers!
4	Fantastic cocktail menu here with on point and knowledgeable staff. Really chilled vibe but quick and professional in an otherwise irregular part of town with regards to nightlife. It's great to see a good, reliable, reasonably priced bar opening up in the downtownish/Chinatown area.It's a new place, and you could easily walk right past it on St Laurent just a little south of St. Catherine, but look to your right for the little lit-up green pineapple logo and follow it down the stairs and you'll find a little cocktail/drink sanctuary unsuspectingly chilling right there semi-underground!It's a little hard to describe the decor/feel, but I'd say just think modern, chilled, hip bar, humbled and influenced by it's Eastern surroundings in the Chinatown area. Intimate/trendy, I guess? If that could be a thing? It's def a unique place.You can sit at the bar, or at any of the assorted seating/booth type arrangements.First bar in Montreal I'd been to where the bar staff were actually really excited about their new cocktails and proud of their work, and eager to let you get buzzed whilst experimenting with your taste buds. And fast. They also have an arrangement with a fantastic Chinatown restaurant (not sure which) who does their menu - largely leaning towards the bar-ish/hand snack items: dumplings and many other yummy things.It was a really lovely, novel experience. If you feel like drinks, or yummy Chinese in Chinatown, yet want a more drink oriented/less rigid atmosphere for a quick bite/drink or want to spend a longer time in the evening sipping drinks, this is that place. Very reasonable prices too. Will return.
4	The Necessary Evil, a recommendation from a bartender we had in Old Montreal.  This is exactly my kind of place, in fact it's kind of like Apothek in Manhattan's Chinatown.  Tucked away on the edge of China town you'll descend underground following the glowing green pineapple to a cabana bar.  The bartenders are friendly, there's a good cocktail selection, and the drinks are cheap.  They even serve food from the Chinese restaurant upstairs.  Now how's that for a symbiotic relationship?  The people in here seem to gear towards the younger side and there's plenty of large lounging areas for big groups.
5	MONICA'S BUCKET LIST:DRINK WONDERFUL LIQUIDS OUT OF A PINEAPPLE / COCONUT... CHECK!+ + +Best cocktails. Sweet staff. Nice decor. Pineapples. Neon doorway makes for great location to execute selfies/iPhone photoshoots with friends. You know I'm coming back.
4	A wonderful place where drinks are served in pineapples and everything is magical! Perfectly located between the Old Port and Plateau, head downstairs and you'll find yourself in one of the neighbourhood's best new bars. Awesome atmosphere with a huge selection of drinks, it's definitely worth popping in for a drink or ten.
5	Very friendly service, great music (funk and electronic) , and cool ambiance. It is a place I plan on visiting often.
2	Was there on a Saturday night with a group of friends. Service was extremely slow and our waiter kept getting our order wrong..it shouldn't take 30 min to get a drink...Drinks are good though, but I don't think I would go back
4	Excellent service tonight by Jaaron. He really knows his stuff and was super friendly and helpful. Awesome waiter! The drinks were strong and funky, you really get your money's worth. The vibe is laid back with a diverse clientele of hipsters and non-hipsters alike, so no one really felt out of place. The look of the place wasn't what I was expecting based on the pictures online. An honest statement would be that you're definitely aware you're in Chinatown. It's basically your Chinatown staple with a slightly hip feel and decor. But the place clearly redecorated on a budget because you still get the feel of a Chinese food restaurant based on the tiles and fixtures. Still though, it was a good night and the service really did it for us! Thanks Jaaron :)
4	a pretty good bar in chinatown! who knew?i won't repeat what everyone else said besides pretty good drink (the one i got). still need to go back for the pineapple and coconut one but i don't really hang out in chinatown so it'll take a while.staff is pretty friendly albeit too hipster-ish. sitting at the bar will yield better and faster service but that's expected.i didn't try the food though. anyway, pretty chill basement with good vibe to lounge around
5	Excellent Tiki Bar! Have the Mai Tai & the Dirty South... The namesake drink is fitting... The classics - Singapore Sling and Painkiller - delish!
4	Super-hipster semi-underground tiki bar in Montreal's Chinatown. That sums it up.Good drinks, with fun twists like chia seeds or served in a pineapple. Nice staff. Decent crowd.
5	This could've gone gimmicky but instead it's a fun little watering hole with tasty, strong drinks and fabulous service. Had a round of the eponymous cocktail at the bar and was impressed by the bartender's execution and presentation. Fun unique little spot - grab a seat at the bar, it got busy fast even on a weeknight.
5	We walked past this bar once before realizing we had gone a few blocks too far. I didn't mind at all though, I got to see a lot of Chinatown during this mulligan. After finding the neon pineapple at the top of a downward staircase we knew we had found the place. We walked down and were pleasantly surprised that the interior seemingly did not match the exterior. The interior features included beautiful light fixtures hanging from the ceiling, lots of low booths that looked comfortable and warm, the bar was large especially for a basement bar. The bartenders were friendly and helped us make the perfect cocktail selection. I really wish I had penned this review earlier and could remember exactly what we drank. All I can say is that the glassware was awesome, totally tropical and not what I thought I would find anywhere but a tropical island. I can't wait to go or have friends holiday there so I can recommend this place, in addition to a nice stroll through Chinatown. Who doesn't like buzzed window shopping for lucky cats and other interesting figurines?
5	I love saving  milestone reviews for la creme de la creme so it's only appropriate that Le Mal Necessaire is my 200th review.  This bar is a fantastic addition to Chinatown and is not to be missed.  Tucked away in a basement you know you'll have found the place when you see the neon green pineapple light over the doorway.  Cocktails are fairly priced and are pretty strong so you definitely get your money's worth here.  I was a fan of the Singapore Sling.  The drinks in the pineapple or coconut are more expensive but I didn't try them so I can't really comment on whether or not they're worth the extra money.  They're on the list of drinks to try on future visits though!With regards to food they have a few items on the menu which you can order from the restaurant upstairs.  My friend and I tried some fried squid which were spicy, crispy and quite tasty.  We also had some steamed pork dumplings which were really good.  Don't expect to be able to get a full meal here though. The bartender was really friendly and did a great job of looking after us.  He also made some great drink recommendations.  If you're only two it's best to sit at the bar because we seemed to get better service than the tables.  It appeared that if you're at the tables you have to go up to the bar anyways to get a drink.
