1	Boo, just boo.I have called them DOZENS of times about my slow service. The latest time was after hours and I got "Summer" who had substandard English skills and did nothing but tell me about 6 times to restart my router. Then, I ask for her ID number and some identifying information and she says her name is "Chris." So, I am like wait a second.... and then she says her real name is Chris, Summer is her "fake" name.I don't know what is going on here, but WTF!?! I wish they had FIOS or something else in my area!!! GRRRRR.
1	worst service experience i ever encountered is this company . If you want to get billed for services you never requested then you call them then they do nothing about it, they went from $56/month to $160 without me requesting one single additional service ! I don't understand why this company still legally running in this country ! They told me they will not give me my money back and when i told the customer service supervisor i will sue them , she said " go ahead" !! Wow they know they are scam and they know they can get away with it because Americans just pay their bills and stay silent.
1	Comcast poor customer service and lack of installation when scheduled. I am 23 year retired naval officer that just recently moved back to pittsburgh. I set up cable and an install date of Monday sept 8th. To not fault of my own I am Told the system cancelled that date and they could change install until the 9th. This day was not as good as the 8 th for I had a small window of opportunity and the tech showed at 1010 on a 8 to 10 window. This did not work because of time constraints. After calling comcast and speaking to Andrea whom in a rude man told me "things happen" and now I am going to have to wait a week until another appointment is possible. Let me get this straight. Your system cancels my original appointment. Then your tech does not show to the appointment on time and I have to wait a week? Is that how you do business? Not, hey we are sorry for this let us get there as early as possible? No their customer service agent gives me am I don't care attitude and when asked to speak to a supervisor and placed on hold, I am told no supervisor can take my call and they will call me back. I won't hold my breathe. Terrible bussiness practices and poor if any care for customer service with this company. .
1	Comcast. Sucks. Slow internet speeds, despite what is advertised.Expensive.Technician no-shows.Break them up now..
1	Terrible customer service!  Don't deal with them unless you have no alternative!Like many Pittsburghers, I'm stuck with Comcast because they have a contract on my apt. building.  (This is called a monopoly, by the way!)  Otherwise, I'd probably deal with Verizon.  While I've heard their customer service can also be dicey at times, I don't think it's as consistently horrible as Comcast's.Last week, I had a billing issue that needed to be resolved over the phone.  If you think they're swifter in the billing dept., think again!  I sat on hold for 20 min. before talking to a live operator, and then I was transferred, after which I sat on the phone another 5 min.  When I finally talked to someone in billing, they were helpful, and resolved the problem within 5 min.  This begs the question, why in tarnation did I just sit on the phone waiting for 25 min.?  Based on my other experiences, this is par for the course, to the point that I refuse to call them unless absolutely necessary.  They do have an online chat service, which I recommend over their "customer service" line.In the past, I had an issue with one of their techs, who showed up earlier than the beginning of the time window stated, despite that I chose that time window to coincide with when I left work.  (Note: this was one of Comcast's own techs.) I had to rush home from work to let the tech in and avoid being charged for a no-show.  This tech, who installed my service, was totally incompetent, and couldn't get my router to work with the modem he provided, even after 45 min. of trying.  My friend, a computer scientist, was able to get them to work together in about 5 min.  When I moved apartments and had to get the service reinstalled, the tech who came that time, who was with a subcontractor (ACI), was great--he showed up on time and got the modem and router to work together within about 15 min.If you have to sign up for a plan with them, be sure to read the fine print.  Like anther reviewer, I signed up for a plan that started at $30/month, and then increased after 6 mos., and again after 1 yr.  I knew this when I signed up, so I asked the representative who I dealt with if there was any penalty for downgrading to a less expensive plan with lower bandwidth, and she said there wasn't.  As the end of my first year of service approached, I asked to be downgraded so that I wouldn't have to pay more than double the starting rate, and this was done without a problem. Now I pay "only" $50/month for about half as much bandwidth as I had to begin with.  Fortunately, I'm not a Netflix consumer--otherwise, I'd probably be frustrated to no end.I don't have cable, so I can't personally speak to picture quality, etc.  However, my parents, who used to have Comcast, switched to FIOS about 5 years ago and have been pretty happy with the service, and haven't looked back.  I'm sure I would have done so by now, too, if I had any choice in the matter!
