5	I work in the same shopping center and was excited for something new to open. It is so good!! I normally hate toasted subs but when thwy recommended it i thought ok ill try it. Good thing because it was amazing. The staff is super friendly and helpful and the place is always clean. Keep it up guys! Ive been here 4 times already!!
5	Best sandwich shop around. You can't go wrong with and of the "Which Which".
5	We are so excited that this opened up. Used to go to this place in Texas. All sandwiches are good and the place is immaculate.
4	Great subs and a fun concept. Basically you go in and choose your meat, or veggie sub choice pick up a brown paper bag and choose your bread, cheese and toppings and whether or not you would like it toasted. It's simple, relatively fast (if it's not lunch rush) and better than going down the line at at your local sub chain yelling what you want on your sub at the unenthusiastic sandwich maker behind the counter. I have been here three times so far. The first time around 3:30 on a Thursday and the service was slow as molasses, but to cut them some slack I think they had just opened the store and the manager came over and apologized. The other two times has been during the lunch rush around 12:30 and the service has been much improved. I will be returning to Which wich to decide which wich I will be eating next!
4	Tried this place for the first time this week, definitely will be going back! I got the turkey club toasted, and I was not disappointed. I like the concept of checking off all that you would like on your sandwich before you get to the cashier, I also like that they offer a "skinny wich" this is where they scrap out some of the inside bread to cut back on calories. My only complaint is that it was a little pricey for a sandwich.
4	It's good! Well, my Wicked sandwich was. So was the service.
5	We tried this place a few days ago for a quick dinner and we both really liked it! The experience is interesting. You choose one of the brown paper bags based on which type of meat you want and using a red sharpie you fill out what toppings you'd like on the sandwich. What I like most about Which Wich, compared to other sub shops, is they have a ton to choose from. Most places have lettuce, tomato, peppers and sometimes pickles. Which Wich has 54 different options for your sandwich! Multiple cheeses, sauces, veggies, dressings, and more. In addition, they have unique sandwich choices like crab salad, buffalo shrimp, egg salad, chicken salad, meatball, breakfast sandwiches and the list goes on! You can also create a bowl instead of a sandwich to cut out the carbs that bread contains. Or if you want the bread but just not all of it, try it Skinny style and they'll pull out the middle of your bread so your sandwich is made between the outer crusts. They also have chips, cookies, and milkshakes for their side options.Give them try!
3	We've now been here several times and while the first time was pretty good, the last few times weren't so great. Our orders keep coming back to us wrong and since we always get them to go we never know until we get home. The last time we visited the subs tasted bland and boring. I hope that things get better but until then we'll just go to Jimmy John's or Firehouse subs.
4	I've had Which Wich before (twice in San Diego), it was very good so I am very excited it is now in Chandler! The bread is soft but yet somewhat like a baguette, but better, I swear! I love how you can build your own sandwich and I love how you can ask them to take the inside of the bread out, they call it the skinny sandwich.  This sandwich shop is total opposite of Jimmy John's whose philosophy is give few choices and make fast sandwiches.  All three times I ate at Which Wich (twice in San Diego and now once in Chandler), the time it takes for them to prepare the sandwich is too long, we waited almost 10 minutes and there were only 2 or 3 people ahead of us, it is for that reason, i gave it 4 stars instead of 5.
4	I tried Which Wich for the first time today, after noticing it's new existence in my neck of the woods by my office. The ordering was interesting, and being a first-timer I probably had numerous bewildered looks on my face. So many bags. So many options. So many red Sharpies. After you go, you'll know what I mean.I chose a buffalo chicken toasted sub with some provolone and a host of veggies. Wheat bread, because obviously I'm on a diet. The end product came out with well proportioned flavor, temperature, and a perfect meat to bread to veggie ratio. And yes, that's an important calculation for a self proclaimed superior sandwich. And my foodie friends said "amen."My buddy's sandwich was made incorrectly, but before it was given to him they realized the mistake. A woman came over to our table and introduced herself as the owner/manager and apologized for the inconvenience. Then a few minutes later when the sandwich was ready she personally delivered it with a free milkshake coupon. What a nice touch! My flustered friend was instantly appeased. He used the coupon on our way out, and after sampling it myself I can now say the Oreo milkshake is also delicious! Moments later my friend was found sleeping under a bridge in a full fledged food coma due to rapid inhalation of a 10.5" sub, chips, AND a milkshake. Tragic.
2	Great range of choices for creating your sub. Just hope they get it right.Of 6 visits in the past 2 months, 4 of the orders were wrong. Additionally, the ingredient quality seems to be hit and miss.The people here are very friendly and always try to make things right, but the mistakes have caused me to add this to my "Only if friends insist" list.
4	I'm adding this to my list of places for lunch.  We went on a weekday at 11:45am and though there was about 5 ppl in front of us, we really didn't wait very long to submit our order and to get our food.  This place was quite busy already and got almost crowded by the time we had finished our meal... so, tip: come before noon!I am a huge Italian sandwich fan and it is usually what I use to determine if I'll return to a 'sub/sandwich' kind of place... well, WW did not disappoint.  I loved the extreme customization (literally, you pick everything out) and the ease of ordering on the little paper bag - genius!  I thoroughly enjoyed my sandwich and even took a picture of my paper bag to know what to get next time.  My two friends that accompanied me to lunch also enjoyed their sandwich... plus, at just under $6 for a filling sandwich, it can't be beat.I recommend stopping by this place and enjoying a custom sandwich... oh yeah, staff was very helfpul and quick, too.
5	The only thing i dont like about this place are the eiffel tower stools. Im waiting, patiently, for one of them to break and someone comically crashes to the floor, sandwich guts becoming airborne. I stay in the safer chairs....Food has been delicious every time. The staff are very friendly an quick!!!
4	Yeah, so I was so sick of sandwich shops.  Like 10 years of Subway commercials?  Good god.  Then came Quizno's which was different for like what, a couple days.  I've been at a pretty hard, yeah I can make that at home, for quite a while.  Then I go into Which Wich.   My god, it took me like 15 minutes to even decide what I wanted there the first time and I've been back like 4 times already.  Everything I've ever had has been great and sometimes I put stupid things on my sandwiches that wouldn't even be good, but still is.  Plus, they got Cheese Wiz!
3	Been here a few times since my last review. I am quickly losing interest as my last couple of subs have been very lackluster. I usually order the buffalo chicken sub on white bread with American cheese toasted. Sometimes I get it with spicy ranch. The last time that I ordered this sub it came drowning in buffalo sauce with maybe four slices of meat. The meat to sauce ratio was horrible. I went out on a limb on another visit and ordered the roast beef French dip. The roast beef was bad. It tasted old and had that oil spill look to it that old roast beef sometimes gets. I have had good and bad experiences here. Lately it has been bad. I really wanted to like this place. I like the idea but the consistency is not in place. I hope that this location can improve.Which Wich maybe has one chance to win me back. That is all I am giving them.
4	I used to go to this place in Austin ALL THE TIME! I love there skinny vegetarian sandwich! Even in the lunch hour the service was good and the people had smiles on their faces!
2	Have been there 3 times. They have not gotten my order right once! The food is ok if they would get my order right. I doubt I go back again. If you get any extra condiments on your sandwich they tend to drench the sandwich and makes for a messy meal!
5	I work at PayPal, so I visit this place quite frequently on my lunch break. The menu, however can be a little confusing for a first-timer. What you have to do is grab the proper sandwich bag and fill it out. For example, number 6 is the vegetarian bag and then you look up at the menu and see what your options are. The vegetarian options are: hummus, mediterranean, caprese, and there's one other. You then fill out your bag on how you'd like your sandwich made. The first time I went I grabbed a bad that was like their ultimate sandwich or something like that, so when I got it, it was loaded with meat. Not so good for a vegetarian...lol. The last time I visited here I ordered the hummus sandwich with crispy onion strings, lettuce, jalapeno, banana peppers, salt, pepper, oil, vinegar, pickles, garlic powder, oregano, olives, and bell peppers. It was seriously sooooo good!
3	1st Time in here and took a little bit to get a clue on what to do... Grab a bag, select the options you want...  They do have many many options not avail in most shops, but you can def overdo it if u get 1 option fomr every darn subsection... We got the Ham n Swiss and wife got Roast beef.. Both were pretty darn good. We were there late lunch on Saturday, so hopefully the rush of customers kept the food fresh upon replenishment.. Will be back a couple more times before adding this to the rotation.Also note. Most of the employees are younger kids.. take it for what its worth.
4	Finally made a stop in here and am glad I did. The price point is along the lines of Subway but Which Wich has a FAR wider selection. The service was prompt & polite (someone made the comment that the "staff is young. Take that for what it's worth" - not sure if they had an issue or what they meant but our experience was pleasant. One thing that I really liked about the sandwich compared to Subway is it wasn't too bready.I am glad that I had read other reviews before going which clued me into how the ordering works.I forecast many return visits.
3	This place is good but there isn't anything that makes me crave them.  It's your typical meat cheese bread place.  The menu can be a little deceiving, for instance they list pork loin as a protein on a sandwich which makes me think of thick slices of pork, but when you get it it looks like regular old lunch meat.  I also wish they had a few more options for toppings.
4	Changed my review, the owner contacted me and invited me back. Promised that I would have a better experience, I did. An owner who values the customer and takes pride in overall customer experience! I will be back!
1	Stopped by for a quick sandwich on 9/12/13, after 30 minutes of waiting, I had to leave for an appointment nearby. Came back afterward and my sandwich was sitting on the pickup counter. I took it and left. Seven employees working behind the counter but all orders bottleneck right before the pick up counter waiting for one person to inspect ingredients, wrap & bag, and answer all customer inquiries (which slows this person down even more). A very poor setup. And the sandwich was just ok. Nothing special. Will go elsewhere from now on. It's not worth the wait.
3	Update: Changed from 2 to 3 stars for the nice email the manager sent through Yelp. That always earns my respect. I will give it another try and submit another update afterwards.Original review: I wasn't sure whether to rate this place 2 or 3 stars, but ultimately the cost of the meal made me decide on 2.My son and my boyfriend's roommate REALLY like this place, so we decided to try it. I wanted so badly to agree with them, but I just can't. I love the cute name, the concept (so many options!), the friendly employees that seem to rather enjoy working there and Mellow Yellow being available, but that's about it. I had a roast beef, turkey and bacon sub. The b/f had a chicken pesto sub. They weren't BAD, just not very good for the cost.The things I didn't like: -The iced tea isn't fresh brewed.  :/ At least it's Gold Leaf and not Nestea.- The bread, the thing that MAKES a sub great (IMO). Not very good, tasted like what I could buy at the grocery store.- The turkey wasn't the best quality.- Forgot my crispy onion strings (I opted not to complain, they were busy).- THE COST! OMG, THE COST! $27+ for a medium and large sandwich, plus 2 large drinks. If the sandwiches were amazing, I'd say it was still pricey but worth it on occasion. This was unfortunately not worth it.  :/Jersey Mike's still reigns supreme for me.
4	Drove by and decided to try this place out, so glad we did. We loved the unique way to select your sandwich. Several of GOOD vegetarian options, including a black bean patty. Unparalleled topping choices, I definitely recommend it over other sandwich shops. The staff was friendly and the restaurantvwas clean, even during a busy weekend lunch rush.
5	So, I've been to a which wich a few years ago in Chicago and I remember liking the caprese sandwich. I was Christmas shopping at the chandler mall and headed towards the target when my stomach started growling... I passed by the which wich and I was like whoa!!! There's one here!So, You order by checking what you want on one if the provided paper bags. I chose the veggie and picked the caprese with Olive salad and garlic dressing. It was sooo good! I was worried it wasn't going to turn out good, but it really did! I also ordered the house chips which was peppery and I liked that. All in all, great experience. The staff was friendly too and clean store!
4	After driving by this place a bunch of times, I finally stopped in. Place was dead when I arrived and ordering was a little overwhelming for this newbie. The employees were helpful and explained to me the process. There's 10 different sandwiches to choose from and each option has a corresponding brown bag to write down your specifics of the order based on the type of sandwich you pick. There are toppings galore, which is a huge plus for me! It took me a few minutes just to read through the menu and choose my selections. I took my brown bag to the cashier and paid. After a few minutes of waiting, the cookies came out first and were warm. I ate one while I waited for my sandwich and it was pretty good. My total order was a turkey medium sub (10.5 inches), 2 cookies and a large drink for a total of $13. The large drink is good for .50 cents off of a refill if you bring in the cup again. Plus it was kinda cool looking so I bought it. As I was picking up my sandwich, I was told it was made on white bread instead of wheat. I was asked if I wanted them to make it again and but said no because I didn't want to wait again for my sandwich to be made. I've read on other reviews that sandwich orders were incorrect also so this may be somewhat of a problem here, I'm not sure. When I got home and ate my sandwich, I noticed it was a little too salty, not sure why. Overall, I like the concept but would go back and try some things differently :)
5	Been here a few times, and I've got to say...I really love this place. The bread is fresh, with a great texture to it, the meat is tasty, and the amount of options you are given is awesome! The only thing I would recommend is rearranging the seating. When you are squished into the table because the person at the table behind you decides they want to recline, it's not comfortable!
5	These are really good subs. I have been here twice now and both sandwiches were great.When you walk in you see the big menu board on the left underneath that are a bunch of holders with brown sandwich bags in them. The holders are numbered to the sandwiches on the menu. So you pick your sandwich then you grab the bag with that number. On the bag are all the different options for the sandwich. You pick your bread, cheese and all the different toppings. Have it how ever you want. Also a fun tip, draw something on the back of the bag and you can see your bag go through the line.Once you have everything filled out take your bag up to the counter and turn it in. Once you pay they hang your bag up on a line and send it on down. This is where having something drawn on the back comes in. Then you can easily see you bag make it's way down the line otherwise it just looks like every other bag. You don't have to but it is kind of fun. One thing you do want to do and don't forget is to write your name on the bag because once it gets down to the end of the line they put your sandwich in the bag and call out your name.The staff is friendly and it does not take too long to get your sandwich. Also another tip, if you buy a large drink you can bring the cup back for cheap refills.Like I said the sandwiches are very good. Fresh toppings and you can have it however you want. It also goes faster because they don't have to ask you about each item it is all written on the bag. I will definitely be back often. Although it will have to be a weekend treat because it is just a little too far away from my work to go here for lunch during the week.This goes on the list as one of my new favorite sandwich places.
5	This is a great sub place. I love sandwiches and this is one of my choices to go if I want a good sub. The sizes of the subs are perfect. Have yet to try the 14" inch but if you are really hungry, but don't want to go to over board, then the 10" is perfect. I love the selection of veggies and condiments to choose from. Caramelized onions...Yes please. Over all, this place is winner. When ever me and my g/f want a sandwich, this is usually our first choice.
5	This might have been one of the best sandwichs I ve had in a while. I had the French dip customized to my liking. Aju was salty but better then bland. The bread was crisped right and the meat was quality. Just counting down the  days til I can go back. I laughed when the cashier said I know your going to love it but she was right!!!
4	The sandwich quality is awesome, I always leave satisfied. Wait times are slightly ridiculous for sandwiches though... Last week I waited about 11 minutes for two sandwiches... They were simple orders too which was a little bit annoying. I will still continue to come even though sometimes it takes forever because of the quality food!
1	My coworker and I went here last Friday for lunch.  We ordered 45-60 minutes ahead of time online. The instructions said when we got there to go straight to the pick up area for our food. When we arrived it was a few minutes after our pick up time, the place was packed and two guys behind the counter wouldn't acknowledge us or meet our eyes. After a few minutes I was finally able to get one of their attention. We informed him we were there to pick up our online order. The guy at the pick up station asked the guy at the register if he had any online orders. The guy at the register gave us a deer in the headlights look, they hadn't even printed them. The guy at the pick up station told us our order came in just before a rush, he offered no apology. They then put our orders on the line, behind everyone in the lunch rushes orders. We asked what was the point of ordering online? They guy just said it depends on the day, some days they get a rush and some they don't, again no apology or offer to expedite our order. Apparently online orders don't matter of a rush comes in. We had to wait quite a while to finally get our food and rush back to work, they still never apologized for the delay. I ordered a BLT bowl with turkey, ham, bacon, pepper jack, lettuce and spicy ranch. I got 95% shredded iceberg lettuce and 5% meat and cheese. It was a disappointing visit and meal. An apology or some kind of gesture to show that they cared about fixing their mistakes would have gone a long way to help the situation. This was my first and last visit.
2	I was excited to try Which Which because I could save time ordering online and could control ingredients to fit my vegetarian, no-sugar diet. I ordered a tomato and avocado bowlwhich and added an egg for extra protein. When I arrived, I was happy to see my bowlwhich was ready, and I left the restaurant. But looking down at my bowl, I saw there was no egg. So I stepped back inside and asked for the egg, which the which makers gladly added.When I returned to my office, I discovered they also forgot the avocado, which is sorta part of an tomato and avocado bowlwhich. And there was a scrap of bacon in the bowl; it had no business being there.
4	The owner of this Which Wich location was quick to contact me and apologize for the mistake on my meal. She offered me a free replacement bowlwhich of my choosing and a complimentary drink.On my return visit, I had an outstanding bowlwhich loaded with black bean patty, hummus, dijon mustard, feta cheese, cucumber, tomato, caramlized onions, spinach, lettuce, banana pepper, garlic, salt and pepper. It was made to order and perfectly done.
3	I enjoy coming to Which Wich for a quick lunch experience, even though it's not consistently that.I like that you can go in & mark your order on a paper bag, making it somewhat quicker than other sandwich establishments where they ask you whether you want to add this, that, & the other at the last minute. I like the variety of ingredients that can be put on the sandwich to make it full. Now & again they're not consistent so not everything that I on the bag show up on the sandwich. Even so it's probably one of the better sandwich places in town.
5	My boyfriend and I regularly go to Which Wich. So many options to choose from and the fact that they have breakfast sandwiches all day is awesome. Staff is always friendly and the sandwich punch card is a nice perk too!
4	Soooo many options for building a sandwich. Good selection and friendly staff, but the seating area tables were a little small.
1	Not worth the effort to drive here.  A sandwich place with 8 active workers should not have any customer back up or order confusion.  I've seen other places operate with more efficiency with 4 employees during a lunch rush.  The guy's whose job it was to put the finished sandwich in a bag and say the customers name could learn to enunciate or at least not show up to work high.
3	Work ordered us all the boxed lunches today... Small sub, chips, and a cookie.. Not bad, not bad at all..Just wish they included a pickle instead of a cookie.
4	Oh boy - the grinder Wich was yummy!!!  Good subs - wish I would have known about these sooner!!  Nice size - a bit pricey but good quality and flavor
5	Really a special place for sandwiches, just the variety that they offer and your ability to customize to your heart's content makes coming here a pleasure.  Also (changes every month I believe) they have a sandwich special that's often quite interesting.  The kids really love filling out their order bags.
4	Looking for a quick dinner I ventured to try a sandwich place. It was recommended to go there in which I've been hesitant to go but in surprise it was actually good! For a first timer I immediately ordered the seasonal special: gyro! You pick a paper sandwich bag that coordinates to your sandwich and mark any listed special requests on the bag.  Varies from bread type, meats, sauces, veggies, etc. For shakes and cookies you mark a different card. Pay at the cash register to the nice worker. My authentic gyro was around $8. I never knew crinkled French fries work well in a gyro! Great comfort food. The paper sandwich bag was hung up at the line with a pin sturdy enough to hold the wich.  Write your name on the bag so they can call your name when the order is ready. The cookie was warmed up on the open toaster and nicely warm for the winter that's soon to arrive. Oozing chocolate came at each bite. Yum! They have a loyalty program card. For every 10 sandwiches bought you get one sandwich free! Eat up!
4	I tried this place out a few months back and have been there 3 times now and it has yet to disappoint.  I have only had the hot sandwhiches and they have been good. I really like that i can picm whatever i want on it without feeling rushed by people behind me in line. Fiiling out that paper bag for what you want to eat is great idea. Sandwiches seem to take awhile to make but worth the wait!
4	I love this sandwich shop!! I just ate there for the first time and it was great!  There are so many different choices  as to what sandwich to choose and what to put on top, and it's so much easier to mark it on a paper bag and take it to the counter.  Staff is friendly and the atmosphere is good.  The only reason I give 4 stars instead of 5 is because my sandwich wasn't hot enough in the middle;  however it was still delicious!  I'll def be coming back!
