5	Am I really the first person to write a review of Stella's? So be it. Having been here twice, it's in my number one spot for a local Charlotte eatery. Not fancy, very unassuming, but good, quality food and coffee. Mr Matt and staff are so friendly and awesome--they refill the coffee for free, bring you anything you need, and provide great conversation. The sandwiches are awesome and lovingly made to perfection. I have a feeling I'll make a trip here every time I'm in Charlotte.
5	I have to thank Yelp for helping me find this place.  We decided to take a different way home after visiting Carowinds.  I turned to the reviews on Yelp to help us find this gem.  Mr. Matt showed us great hospitality.  While waiting for our meal, he let us sample the soup of the day.  That preview had me anxiously waiting for my meal to arrive.  It did not let me down.  This will become a regular stop for me when visiting the area.
5	I'd walked past Stella's several times as I made my way to Five Guys or Little Caesar's nearby. Yesterday, while trying to figure out where we were going for dinner, I finally remembered Stella's BEFORE committing to another place. My wife and I stopped in with our three-year-old in tow at around 6:30. I got the "Slammin' Sammy" panini, my wife got the BLT on a croissant, and our daughter got the kid's panini. To say it was excellent is an understatement. The sandwiches were delicious, our sides (cole slaw for me, pasta salad for my wife) were excellent, and while we were waiting, we got a free sample of the Italian wedding soup that was the soup of the day. The sample made us both wish we had ordered that too, at least until the sandwiches arrived. Dinner had us in such a good mood, we ordered desserts (two ice-cream-and-cookie combos and one chocolate cake) that were fantastic as well.The staff was extremely attentive, bringing over some colored pencils and a picture of the restaurant for our daughter to color until the food arrived, and they loved it when she decided to do a little dance to the music over the speakers. Overall, we were very happy to find such a friendly establishment so close to us, and look forward to coming back again and again!
5	Great toasted sandwiches!  excellent service!
5	The roast beef is AMAZING!!! Excellent service! Kid friendly.
5	One of my favorite spots for lunch. I was deeply saddened when I pulled up today and realized the sign was gone and the place is closed, I couldn't believe it. No more tuna melts. Sad.
