1	What a waste of money.  Here's their description:  "Thai massage is also called Thai yoga massage, because the therapist uses his or her hands, knees, legs, and feet to move you into a series of yoga-like stretches"Summary of my experience:Lady stepped on meLady moved a few limbsLady rubbed my back with oil like she was waxing a carMy CAT massages better than these people.  I literally had to go get another massage after wasting money on this  (right next door- and it was awesome)Avoid this place like the black plague.
5	Best massage I've had since I can remember. It is a Thai massage that stretches and loosens your limbs and muscles. Very hands on and full body. Had a 30 min massage for $45. I wish I could've had an hour but had to catch a flight. Very different technique from Swedish and much preferred.  In a town where your options are high priced hotel salons or foot massages.... this is the best value for your dollar.
5	Don't let the outside looks and the fact that it's in Chinatown scare you away. This place is actually pretty nice inside. I was skeptical at first and read as many reviews as I can about the place and nothing seemed to suggest this was a place where other activities happen, if you know what I mean. Anyway, I arrived prior to them opening and waited a few minutes until someone arrived. Once inside I was lead back to my room and told to undress and cover up with the sheet. Once the lady returned to the room she then massaged, stretched and twisted me for the next hour. It sounds painful but I actually feel  asleep numerous times. It was the best massage I have received in Las Vegas. The massage was  very professional and  there weren't any interruptions from other staff members except for once for maybe 10 seconds.  At the end of the massage I was told to wait until she exited the room and then change. I paid $65.00 for one hour and left a tip. I'll definitely be back. Price was fare and the massage was amazing. I have received a few massages here in Vegas, none like this and none were as relaxing.I wanted to also add that this is a Thai massage place, they also do a Swedish massage or a combo of both. If you don't know what Thai massage is I would look it up and learn about it prior to going.
5	Has to rank as one of the best Thai massage I've had.  I usually go once a month here at home for Thai massage, but the masseuse that worked on me here at Lavish Spa was WONDERFUL!  Stretched me out good and "put a hurt" on me in a good way on my back.  Whenever I'm in Vegas this will be a must visit.
5	This place is a hidden gem. I'm really picky about my massages. I'm a cocktail server by day and perform in a show 6 nights a week, so my body is really screwed up. Thai massages always put my body back on track and Lavish is the best. $65 for an hour. And as the previous review says, don't let the outside fool you. it's not some shady, happy-ending place. They are legit.
4	Was in Vegas with a bunch of guys. Had just thrown my back out the week before and was on the road to recovery - well, until Vegas. Woke up one the first morning after the festivities and it was going to be a bad day, on the verge of a relapse. Read the reviews on Yelp. 65 dollars for an hour beat the 200+ for an hour at the hotel on the strip. Went there, this is the real deal. Just like in Thailand at a legit place. The girl is from Thailand and studied massage there.It was amazing. Legs, arms, back, neck, hands, feet, ears, scalp. Done by: hands, elbows, being walked on. There was also some partial chiropractic adjustments. Gravy...You will not be disappointed. It will pay dividends for your day.
4	Very good massage friendly staff good people. I recommend it. Not the best I've had but not bad at all
5	(ALL the reviews here are "spot-on!")Lita and Anna  are the best!...we traveled down to visit Las Vegas two times in the past two months. ( First time was business and the second time my wife and I drove 8 hours just to visit them!) When I say these masseuses are the best in quality, care and price - I say that from experience and receiving massages. My business enables world traveling and receive massages on a monthly basis from all kinds establishments. Lavish Spa is the top three! It is also priced right so that allows you to tip when finished. Oh, and they don't ask for payment up front, like other business which is huge to me as a customer because they are interested in making you happy with the service they provide!We schedule several appointments and had a very relaxing time. The don't cheat on time scheduled and we scheduled an appointment (noon) between shifts (lunch?) and we had to wait 15 minutes to start but they still honored the 90 minute schedule massage period.We are already trying to figure out when and how to come back down for another session. We just sent them flowers as tipping felt like it wasn't enough!
1	This is a place of prostitution. Went in not knowing this, full size beds in rooms. Wanting my $$ up front & then when I saw the pubic hairs on the only single massage table in the place, that's when  I snatched my $$$ out of the hookers hand & ran out. Very scary experience !!!!! Beware ladies !!!
5	Absolutely fabulous place.  If I could give more than 5 stars, I would.  We have been there twice, once for a couples massage and the other time my wife had a facial while I had a massage.  Both times the service was excellent.  It is clean, the staff is friendly and professional and best of all they give the best massage ever.  Rey is petite yet strong and does an amazing job of Thai stretching that I love.  I can't personally attest to the facial but my wife said Alice did an amazing job.  She looked radiant afterwards, so the results were great.  I give it my highest recommendation and we will be back soon.
