1	Worst service experience ever!!  I had Fletchers change the brakes on my truck.  They will not set up an appointment, rather they have you bring the vehicle in at 7am.  I did just that, and didnt receive my truck back until after 3pm and several calls inquiring about the status.  Doesnt end there.  I had to take my truck back 2 months later because the brakes were squealing worse than when I originally brought it in.  Same story, no appointment, truck dropped off before 9am, and didnt get back until 5pm.  On top of that, they try pushing several other items on you.  Last time I ever use this company for anything.
1	I made an appointment for 9am this morning to redeem the first of my five Groupon oil changes .  I was there on-time and instructed the manager that I was in a hurry, and just wanted my oil to be changed as quickly as possible.  From the waiting area I watched for 45 minutes as the mechanic slowly worked on changing my oil in between coffee, and generally wandering around.  Fifteen minutes after I watched him re-fill my oil, he finally brought my keys to the front desk.  I asked the manger how I might be able to make this process go faster next time and he said I should make an appointment.  I corrected him and let him know that I HAD an appointment.  He then said that I should expect them to take 45-60 minutes every time.  I reminded him that I told him I was in a hurry and all they needed to do to ensure that I have a good experience was to get my oil changed.  Any Walmart or Danny's car wash regularly changes my oil in 10-15 minutes, so I did not expect this to be an unfair request.  I feel it's important that the owner of this Fletcher Tire & Automotive be made aware that his staff missed this Groupon opportunity to convert me to a loyal customer.
1	This is not a very good Fletcher's.  Even within Fletcher's, most will admit this location sucks.  I too dropped off my car for what turned into an all day oil change.  I had a coupon when I dropped it off at 9:30.  The guy took my keys, told me to keep my coupon and said it was logged in the system.Come 4:00 PM I had to call and got the, "oh yeah the car is just finishing up."  But while they had me on the phone of course they  "discovered" a good $400 in $hit that just didn't need to be done to hit they daily sales quota.  Air filter, coolant flush, decarb, etc., etc.  Wasn't quite sure how they would do all this, within the one hour before closing, but I shut him off like a light switch.  When I went for pick up a different guy gave me a hard time because I didn't bring the coupon back.  Geez sorry I could be your sucker of the day to help you get your sales SPIF :)This is a very bad attempt at customer service by upselling you on crap your car doesn't need. When I brought it in, I was complaining about a rattle in my front tire, their solution was the tire was scraping the plastic.  Hmmm...   Our advice...go elsewhere.
4	Not sure why the bad reviews here. I always make appointments for my oil changes and they are usually done within an hour. I walk over somewhere and have lunch, when I return it is done. One time they didn't get it done during the hour and the oil change was free!!! I have found that they are honest. And with a car shop, that means something. They don't sell me a new air filter EVERY time! I had the dealer tell me the battery was bad on my Toyota, so I took it by this Fletchers and they tested it. It was fine. The dealership used the wrong setting. The battery lasted another 18 months before I replaced it. I have never been sold something I didn't need at this Fletchers location and I have been going here for over 10 years now with 2 cars. And I could go on and on about how much money they have saved me from what the Dealer 'recommended' that didnt need to be done. I take it to Fletchers and ask them to check it out and 9 times out of 10, it is fine. I have had bad experiences at other Fletchers, but not this one. They have always treated me fairly and have been honest. The guys working the desk aren't always the most personable, but I have yet to feel like I am getting ripped off like so many other car places. Good work and honest...that is what I look for in a auto shop and this Fletchers provides that! The only reason I didnt give 5 stars is the fact that it takes a week to get an appointment because they are always busy...and what I mentioned about the front desk.
1	Same thing. Poor customer service. They don't keep schedule. Simple oil change takes 5 hours and that happens with me twice. I dropped off my car on 10 am and was promises to have it back in couple hours. As I work in same shopping center And I told that I will come after my car at 3 pm when i finish my shift and I will need it by that time to get home. But I didn't receive any call at 3. That was my luck that the other employee got sick that day and I was have to take over her. I called them at 6 pm right before they close and asked about car. "Oh, I was gonna call you. Your car is almost ready". I complained on such behavior and they did not even apologize.
4	A lot of old reviews might say this place isn't good but I enjoyed the customer service. I took my car in with my Groupon believing I needed the brakes changed. After inspecting them I was told that the brakes were fine. I'm happy that they were honest with me instead of lying. Check out the Groupon available now, it's a great value for all they will do for your vehicle.
