3	Whatever you do, don't mix this "Sun Star Buffet" up with the awful "New Sun Star Super Buffet" on Central!  This is a stand-alone building out on the lot of a shopping center, & I dropped in the other day, mid-afternoon.  The place was roaring with business, the selection was medium, about 45 items, & the place is well worn, but comfortable.Too many of the dishes were chicken, in my opinion, but everything tasted good & the staff was friendly.  It was $6.42, & soft drinks are included.  "A-OK!"
4	Positive Great tasty food. Great for lunch  Very fresh food Self serveCheap price. NegativeVery old place, need a make overMusic too loud
4	Go west for fun adventure and good values. West of the i17 that is.With some convincing I got a few of my co workers to try this place. From my office at 18th ave there are 12 Mexican food places before we reach this lone Asian Buffet.Walk in and you pay $6.50 plus tax for all you can eat and drink soft drinks. Grab a plate and marvel at the eclectic mix of foods, many Chinese favorites, some buffet usuals like the wide mix of fried foods and random jello deserts, and then discover the most out of place and best thing, GARLIC BREAD. For veggie they had bean sprouts, lo mein with veggies, a veggie fried rice, fried bananas, butter potatoes, french fries and fresh doughnuts.They also had a good amount of fish, some type of skin on roasted fish in a butter sauce, a fried fish and fried whole tilapia.I was very happy to see a wide range of hot sauces to put on the food including siraca at the tables, chillie oil and chillie paste.The Booth are very 1986 looking and are well sunken in.Overall the value and quality here is good and none of us got sick afterwards so it passes that key test.. Their last few heath ratings have been all silver, so give it a try!
3	Food was  average for the Cental Phx buffets.  Value was good I guess.  6.99 after tax included drink.  Food a little stale but had good flavor.  Nice selection.  Child bangin the back of my seat (when she wasnt runnin around yellin) while parents ingnored her and the guy walking around selling CD's kind of sealed it for me.  Basically on my 1st trip it was decent food and awful atmosphere.  I'll go 3 stars since ya can't really expect alot for 6.99 buffet.
3	it was going on 2 years since I last reviewed this one, so it seemed past time for an update!  Well, things here haven't changed much at this old but busy neighborhood buffet.  Once you successfully maneuver past all the drunks wandering around in the middle of the street on Van Buren, you arrive here to find a good selection of 56 food items, not counting sauces & dressings, & for me, after paying the friendly lady up front, it was on to the Hot & Sour Soup.  (It was a good!)Like Norm R. remarked regarding a regular haunt of mine, Best Wok Buffet, the booth seats here have worn too soft.  My favorite seating spot was available, but after landing in it I sank down until the table was at mid chest height!  Was it just trying to tell me that I need to lose some weight?     :-O     In any event, having the table up by your chin does make your soup easy to eat!Now their fried rice was greasy, but the Egg Foo Young made up for it by being thoughtfully presented in various patty sizes, & delicious with it's rich brown gravy!  The salad area was good for a buffet this size too, & included various greens & tasty ham chunks.There were several kinds of fish & other seafood to enjoy, plus a variety of other meat (mostly chicken) dishes.  I liked almost everything, & thought both the fried chicken & the chicken on a stick were better than average in taste.  For dessert it was chunks of various kinds of fruit, served in cream.  Yum!The pricing is right & this smooth running place holds onto a solid 3 Star vote here!     :-)Lunch Buffet including help-yourself beverages $6.46
4	Went back today and had a much better experience.  The food was nice and fresh and everything was good.  Walked in and was greeted pleasantly by the lady at the register,  Gave her my 7 bucks and ate too much.  The huge plus was they had General Tso's chicken.  Love it.  Walked out and she wished me a happy weekend.  I will go back once my Chinese Buffet timer resets.  I think the thing to remember is this place inst in the best area.  Its not dangerous or anything.  Would honestly be 5 stars on this visit but the place is a little rough.  You literally sink in the seats.
1	This place was so run down. The food was cold or warm. Flavor could have been nice to have. Drink station looks as if it has not been touched in years. Staff were not happy. Only one marked exit! A woman walked in covered with items for sale.... Really? Not sure how this placed passed any health inspection. No grade was was seen posted. Do NOT EAT HERE!
1	Thought we would give this place a try since it always seems packed when driving by! Upon entering the place it was very run down I was greeted by a very unfriendly man that did not look up to even acknowledge our arrival was told 20 bucks for to dinners my rad was thrown to me and not even a thank u or enjoy your dinner. Food at this place was very cold and had no flavor, no of the employees looked happy to be here when we sat down a lady that was sweeping the floors started sweeping under our table not even say excuses me! I will not be returning to this place and I don't understand how this place is still in business .
1	Run down, terrible food and overpriced. The staff seem to hate being there. The girl who took my money wouldn't even get off her cell phone.This place is a nightmare, don't waste your time or money.
