5	All righty!!! I have eaten sushi in Boston, NYC, Portland ME, Phily, Chicago, San Diego to name a few. This place is the best ever and I have never been disappointed. Located In Mt. Lebanon, a cool little suburb of Pittsburgh, This resturant does not mess around. The owner pays top dollar for all of his seafood and the chefs there are top notch. In the back of the resturant is a Japanese kitchen where you can order then watch 1 woman cook your food. Great spot for a date!! And Best Sushi this side of the missisip!!
5	Little Tokyo is the restaurant where I first experienced sushi, so it will always have a spot in my heart.  However, after gaining a little more knowledge of sushi, I still believe Little Tokyo is one of the best.  For one, I have still not seen daikon rolls on a menu in Ohio, and they are one of my favorites.  Little Tokyo's avocado and kappa rolls are also excellent.  My favorite appetizer is the agedashi tofu, though the others are good as well.  The atmosphere is great for everything from a casual lunch to a pre-Homecoming dinner.  The service is attentive, providing you with hot towels to clean your hands before dinner.  They will validate your garage parking for one hour, and the mints in a jar at the cash register are delicious.I would highly recommend Little Tokyo, especially over Sushi Two (or Three, I never can remember) on Beverly Road.
5	This is by far the best Sushi in Pittsburgh.    The food is all amazing, very fresh and authentic,  and I still compare most places I have been to Little Tokyo.  Other than that, I don't have much to say because this restaurant really speaks for itself.  What you wont find here:  A trendy atmosphere like Nakama ( I picked Nakama because it is also so popular in PGH), but the sushi MORE than makes up for it.
5	Hurray Little Tokyo!  I haven't been here in years, but this is THE place that I got introduced to sushi.  I still remember hesitantly slurping down my first salmon roll thinking raw fish must be the most awful thing in the world... and well, kinda loving it.  The owners are good friends of my family, from back when we lived in Pittsburgh.  I remember when they were first starting out--my dad helped design and build the sushi counter, and my mom made the original cushions and server uniforms.  One time, I had an epic wasabi-eating contest with the owner's son.  On many a weekend as a kid I would go and stuff my face with all the sushi I could eat.  I know for a fact they use the freshest fish. I may be biased, but I think my early experiences with massive-sushi-overload helped refine my tastebuds and make me the sushi snob I am today.  Oh yeah, and they have FRIED ICE CREAM.
3	The StoryNot bad sashimi place keepin in mind I'm not in CA; however small sushi rollsThe Food-- Sashimi Regular - 18 pieces of sashimi w/ bowl of rice, miso soup & salad - $19.95     *   3 pieces pretty thick & 1 large bite of 6 types of fish (yellowtail, halibut, albacore, salmon, maguro, snapper)    *   a bit pricey but fish was fresh, good size (thick cuts but still easy to eat), and like the types of fish. Instead of egg or octopus appreciate the albacore & halibut--- Pittsburgh Roll ($5)    *   BF thought it was small rolls in terms of diameter but tasty   *   Pittsburgh Roll had crab & something-- Shrimp Tempura Roll ($5.50)   *   BF thought it was small & mediocore The ServiceNice waitress but not the most attentive; had difficulty flaggin' down/finding her to get refills or some additional stuffOverall nice atmosphere
5	Great sushi bar. The staff and owner are extremely attentive. Great presentation. Decent price too. And I got to sit next to Mario Lemeuix at lunch a couple weeks ago!
5	I've tried sushi at all of Pittsburgh's sushi offerings and NONE of them can touch Little Tokyo. Every city has a "best sushi place" and this is Pittsburgh's. Hands down. I've enjoyed over 20 meals at Little Tokyo and never once have I experienced bad sushi or bad service.
2	I think this restaurant fits american taste. Because i was the only non american to eat here just now, even though the seats are fully occupiedIt doesnt taste like an actual japanese cuisine, it is very chinese. And i can smell chinese food right after a few second entering the restaurant. The sushi is not even firmly madeI am not saying the food is bad, it is actually alrightBut they have a great interior and place
5	Awesome sushi. Nigiri sushi here is a must-try.
2	With prices this cheap,I expected bland sushi.But hey, it's Pittsburgh.
5	Excellent sushi place for Pittsburgh - best I've found yet.  (Please don't expect West Coast sushi - I did qualify my statement by saying "for Pittsburgh".  I usually have to do this for Pittsburgh restaurants.)  Sushi was a little loosely prepared, but the fish seemed very fresh, and the presentation was nice.  The service was excellent, too.  Our waitress was very friendly, fast, and helpful.
5	I love, LOVE this place.  The sushi at this place is what I use as a basis to compare other sushi.  I had my first taste of sushi at Lil Toks which is why it has become my benchmark.  Now I will say that I have had better sushi at a few places (Umi in Shadyside , PA and Coast in Chicago), but for what your paying at this place you cannot get a better value for the quality.  Those other places that I mention you'll definitely be paying alot more for marginally better sushi - at least in my opinion.  So whenever I'm in the mood for some sushi I come to this place.I should also mention that they have the most amazing fried ice cream...ever...even better than Chi Chi's fried ice cream (for those who remember).  People it's seriously that good!
5	Love Little Tokyo. Dedicated customers keep the place full all week long and on the weekends. If cleanliness is important to you, this is the restaurant you want. You could safely eat off the floors. Staff is friendly but unobtrusive. A definite favorite.
5	Excellent Sushi, even though we are not in Japan (sarcasm for all the douche bags). It is kick butt no matter what you compare it to.
5	Little Tokyo is the Best Sushi Joint in town - hands down.  Great food, great service - from the entire staff to the owner Frank who is the ultimate relationship guy - knows you by name and knows who your freinds and family are and asks you about them - genuine.  Great Place! A1 reccomendation!!!
4	Sunday night dinner turned Sunday Night Delight! We started the meal with Spicy Salmon Tartar. We originally order Spicy Tuna Tartar but they were out of tuna and our waitress suggested the salmon version. It was quite good even though tuna would have had an edge for me as far as my preferences. I had the Nabeyaki Udon and was pleased but I don't think I would order it again. It was just not for me. My boyfriend really liked it. But a bit too leek-y/scallion-y and I just didn't care for the kamaboko. My boyfriend had the Little Conqueror and was really happy. GREAT service, lovely atmosphere and super food....will be revisiting!
5	Best fresh sushi in town. Their prices are great and the service is good. They also own the Little Tokyo in South Side and both places are awesome.
4	Just arrived into town & had a taste for sushi! Remembered this place's reviews & after hitting a curb, damaging the hubcap of my rental I finally made it in! I ordered my sushi usual: ginger salad, spicy tuna & sushimi Ika. The ginger salad was good, but not great...I am spoiled when it comes to ginger dressing & this was not my favorite ginger dressing. The spicy tuna was fabulous! I got 3 pieces of Ika. They were good, but not the freshest I have had. My major complaint is that I asked for a side of sirachi & instead got just a hot oil...hmmmm...
5	Walk through the front door and the owner, in a white shirt and tie , will greet you with a smile. Staff service will be excellent. They will treat you like a star. The shushi and all menue items are fabulous. The wine selection can only be called excellent, outstanding. Plenty of parking across the street in a 4-story, enclosed garage. You will never, never go away hungry.....
5	One of the best sushi in town! Plus they are nice enough to let us separate the bills (and fulfill all our picky request)
4	Being from San Francisco, sushi is a way of life. Even my kids will eat sushi over a piece of pizza. Moving to Mt. Lebanon was fraught with challenges but one of the biggest was finding good sushi. Luckily, Little Tokyo fit the bill! No, it's not the premier sushi in the world, but it is good, solid, consistent and very enjoyable. The staff are nice. The atmosphere all you could ask in a local sushi shop. Thanks for being in Mt. Lebanon Little Tokyo. Might have had to move back to San Francisco otherwise!
4	Very good sushi.  Enjoyed all of it.  Great salad and soup as well.  Make reservations, esp on a weekend.  The only thing we DIDN'T like was the continual (loud) birthday celebrations.
4	This is a reliable Japanese restaurant in uptown Mt. Lebanon. It's kid-friendly, and since we live in Lebo it's convenient. Service is always very friendly. I personally do not like their miso soup but everyone else in my family does. Veggie sushi is very good. They will also do a vegetarian hibachi entree that's not on the menu, but I think the sushi's better.
5	I love this place!! I'm not a sushi fan, so I have 2 words for the non-sushi eater: Hibachi chicken! Dip it in that yummy shrimp sauce!
5	We hit Little Tokyo for lunch about once a week.  We love their avocado rolls and hibachi shrimp.  My kids love it too.  Really good food, very reliable nice service, the owner always says "hi" and makes sure everyone is happy.  Great place, also great for take-out.Nice lunch prices too!!
2	Let's face it,  this is not Japanese food. The food is ok but it is really more or less Chinese food. The soups taste Chinese and lack the umami quality because they are not hon-dashi based. The rice used for the sushi is totally incorrect long grain rice, and not properly vinegared.
4	Good experience, will def. come back if I'm in town for work again!
5	Great service, nice prices, stylish atmosphere and excellent sushi. The discovery roll is fantastic!
4	I refuse to eat sushi in southwestern PA because I am disappointed every single time. Little Tokyo on the other hand has won over my heart. Their sushi may not be the best I have ever had but it is definitely has my invisible stamp of approval. The place is a decent size with average decor and nice staff. I would have given this place three stars based on food, service and decor alone but the one chef did something so amazing for me that I added on an extra star. I requested a roll that wasn't on the menu and it took a lot persuading (our waitress) to bring the idea to the chef. Our waitress explained to the chef would I asked for and she said that he will try his best. All I have wanted since moving to this area is a delicious avocado and inari roll. And that is exactly what I got. I no longer worry about sushi in this area.
2	I came here craving some sushi.  Looked up the best reviewed sushi place in my area and found this little restaurant.  I was excited at the front because it was a small restaurant and I love supporting small mom and pops.  I figured this may be a little diamond in the rough.  Man, was I wrong.  The sushi was not fresh.  The sushi wasn't rolled tight either.  The rice didn't have the trademark sushi rice flavor. Spoiled by the fresh ingredients and catches of California, I felt like the ingredients were sort of old.  Considering I went in on a Saturday, I figured it might be better but it wasn't at all.The service was good.  That's the justification for the 2 stars.  Otherwise, I really wouldn't recommend this place to other people.
5	I'm new to Pittsburgh and recently my girlfriend came into town to visit.  We decided we had a taste for sushi and looked up a few places.  On a Saturday night, it was tough to find a nice sushi place that wasn't booked for the rest of the night or very busy.  We finally decided on this one after calling many others that were too busy...I'm so glad we went here.  The sushi was very good (it wasn't swimming 10 minutes ago, but for a land-locked city it was damn good), the ambiance was nice (decorations weren't tacky, music wasn't blaring, TV wasn't enormous), and the service was -- in a word -- awesome.  I've had my fair share of fine dining and five star service but our waitress here was better (in kind, not degree).  We were all laughing and talking, she taught us a few things about Japanese culture, and still seamlessly waited on our table; she was just so personable.  She got the largest (percentage) tip I've ever left and she deserved every cent.  She really made the experience special for us.  I would not give a second's hesitation to going back to Little Tokyo.
5	Best sushi in Pittsburgh, hands down. Their fish is always fresh, colorful, and full of flavor. I've been here countless times and cannot recall one subpar meal. Service is always fantastic, and I must give them props because I had a party of 20 for my birthday and they handled it seamlessly. Get the fried ice cream, it's worth it.
5	My husband and I ordered take out on a Saturday Night as our first experience with this place.  I really wanted sushi as I had just had a baby and it had been a LONG time since I got that craving met.  We were told it would be a half hour before it would be ready but that was fine because we had to drive to pick up anyway.  Upon arriving at the door, I could see that the place was hopping, all tables full and plenty of couples waiting to be seated.  The staff was fast, directing me over the the sushi bar where I checked out immeadiately.  As I was walking out the door I overheard the staff asking those waiting for tables if they would like to order a drink, which I thought was a nice touch.We ordered 6 different rolls. (The David, The First Date, The Pittsburgh, The American Dream, The Spicy Tuna and a Shrimp Tempura roll.)  The rolls were all placed into 2 containers and none of them were labeled.  But it really didn't matter because we loved it all!  Based on the price of the various rolls, I'm guessing that the David and the First Date were the ones we really liked the best!  We also got a large ginger dressing to go, as we had salads at home to eat, and it was also excellant!  We highly suggest that if you like ginger dressing, get this for your house as I have tried several different bottled brands in the grocery store and none have that distinct quality that is found in a ginger dressing from a hibachi place.Our total bill with tax was $66, but we really did get a lot of food.
4	Nice light and open restaurant with two dining areas and a long sushi bar.  It was crowded with many families and a few singles at the sushi bar.  Ordered several different sushi rolls and was not disappointed....fresh and presentation was good.  Our server was very attentive and helpful.  She and others stopped by to check on us and refill our drinks.
5	Little Tokyo is simply the best fish in the city.  We've tried all the competitors, but keep coming back here.
4	The sushi here was great.  Everything tasted fresh and tender.  The restaurant is very clean as well, which always makes me more comfortable when going out for sushi.  The place was crowded but not over-bearing, and our service was great too.By the way, I finally crossed Uni off my bucket list here.  I encourage those who have not tried it to do so sometime, but it was certainly a mouthful, and was definitely one of the more, well, interesting things I have eaten in a long while.
4	The sushi was very good. The atmosphere was simple and charming.
5	The best sushi in Pittsburgh, without question.  This little gem is nestled in the heart of Mt. Lebanon.  My husband was raised in MtL and has been eating at this place for as long as he can remember.  He introduced me to it when we were dating and it has become our go-to place. We've learned the hard way that sushi in Pittsburgh is best served HERE.  The fish is flavorful and bright and the sushi is artfully crafted.  I've sampled a few non-sushi dishes, but stick with the raw stuff because, well, it's pure heaven.  We have our favorites - black marlin and yellow tail sashimi, eel nigiri and the spicy tuna and philly (fresh salmon, only!) rolls.  We just discovered the spicy scallop in seaweed and it is to die for.  We went through a phase during which we celebrated milestones (birthdays, promotions, etc) at different "hot spots" around the city and were always left a bit disappointed.  Don't get me wrong, we certainly eat elsewhere, but our celebratory dinners are always with Frank, et al @ LT. Now, I'm not wearing blinders and certainly recognize that the place on Ellsworth in SHY is higher end and offers a more elegant experience, but the quality of the fish really isn't that different... not to mention, who splurges for that on a regular basis?  Look no further (and skip the craziness and mediocrity of Nakama) and go to LT.  Just don't take our spot at the sushi bar!
5	Hands down, best sushi in the city.  I think this is both if you are a roll person or if you are a sashimi person - which is not the case everywhere.  Some places make awesome rolls, but that seems to be to hide the not-freshness of the fish.  Others have great fresh fish, but can't make a roll to save their lives.This place does it all.  J and I went here on a Friday night around 6 and were sat immediately - no wait, but the place was pretty packed.  I started with some hot sake and a green salad.  Their ginger dressing is delish!  I was practically licking the bowl.  I considered asking for more lettuce to soak up the rest of the dressing when our shrimp shumai came.  J and I try to get shrimp shumai everywhere we go as a barometer and this was by far the best.  The wrappings were complete and held in all the very fresh shrimp goodness.  Then came the sushi.  We ordered the First Date roll, the David, the black marlin, the spicy tuna and the spicy scallop.  What can I say, we like sushi.  The black marlin is amazing - mild, fresh, not chewy.  The spicy scallop is not something you see everywhere and definitely a plus here.  However, where they really shine is the spicy tuna.  Everyone does a spicy tuna.  At most places, you can barely taste the tuna in the mayo-based spicy sauce that is slathered all around.  Here the tuna is front and center with spices mixed into the pureed tuna.  No mayo needed to hold it together and all the better for it.  The David and First Date were a bit pricier and also awesome.  One was tempura shrimp with spicy tuna on the outside and the other was more like a rainbow roll.  Both excellent.  While I do also love me some Katana in Dormont, this place has the best sushi in the city and in a charming location in downtown Mt Lebanon.
4	Always a good sushi spot.  I've had sushi a lot of different places in Pittsburgh and Little Tokyo in Mt Lebanon always hits the spot.  I'd consider in the top three. My wife and I had miso soup and the green salad as appetizers.  Both good, not great, but good.  Then we got the eel sashimi - Great.Pittsburgh roll - Okay.Rainbow Roll - Good, I've had better though, the freshness was just decent.and the Salmon Sashimi - Not bad, but again not great.The service is good and the place is clean with good decor.  Good date place too.
4	The sushi here was great! The hibachi not so much - We got the hibachi chicken which came with the fried rice / miso soup and green salad. Besides the green salad and the awesome ginger sauce - the chicken was okay and the miso soup .. not so good.We also got the david roll , eel roll, california roll and the nigiri salmon - They were all really good.The service was good.Will definitely go back again but only for the sushi and the sashimi
5	This restaurant gets my vote for best sushi in Pittsburgh! The first date roll is our absolute favorite. The owners and staff are so friendly and welcoming. It's always a great experience dining there. They also have THE best ginger dressing! It's a great place to go with friends, or on a date. It's intimate and inviting, and never disappoints! Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh!
4	Craving sushi? Then this is the place to go. It's well worth the drive to Mt. Lebanon. I wouldn't be surprised to find out that the fish was flown in multiple times a day.  It's always so fresh. The sushi gets 5 stars.The staff is also incredible. The owner goes out of his way to walk around and check on tables. It is very clear that he wants every guest to have an enjoyable dining experience. However, if you are looking for great hibachi, look elsewhere. I've tried the hibachi chicken, steak and shrimp. I've never been that impressed. It's fairly standard for hibachi. I've definitely had better fried rice and miso soup. The hibachi gets 3 stars. Another issue when eating at Little Tokyo is getting a table. It seems like business is hit or miss.Some nights I have tried to get a table for 3 and had to wait 40 minutes. Last weekend, we were able to get a table for 6 without waiting. I suggest you call ahead if you have a large party.
3	Meh. The outside and insides are nice and trendy, and the sushi was pretty good, but my Nabeyaki Udon had a really odd flavor that didn't sit well with me. The place also smelled like fish, and that's never good. I don't know if I'd go back, especially since they're a little pricey. Service was ok though.
4	This is them most consistent sushi we have found anywhere in the Burgh. The prices are reasonable and so are the portions. If we want sushi, we go here. Get the Black Marlin sashimi if you go. Deluxe sashimi combo is worth the 25 bucks taboot4 of 5 stars probably second only to Umi in Pittsburgh for flavor
5	Chopsticks down the best sushi in the burgh.  Consistently good.
4	My familiy has been coming back here for years. The owner is Korean not Japanese but friendly as ever. Have had some bad experiences with some waitresses, but usually they are great. Ambience great as well. My parents always get the sashimi platter. My sisters and I get everything from sushi, tempura udon, and the hibachi grill food. Spider roll wasn't my favorite.
5	This is now my favorite sushi restaurant in the Pittsburgh area and it is worth the drive to Mt Lebanon.  The staff were so super friendly at this family run place and provided excellent service. The owners were a nice couple that both stopped by to make sure we were happy, in addition to our very attentive waitress.  My friend and I shared a sushi boat that included maki, sushi and sashimi and all the sushi was very fresh and tasty.  It even included a spider roll as one of the maki, which is unusual when you get a combination where they usually give you smaller/cheaper rolls at most places.  They also had a decent selection of wine and beer which is unusual for a sushi place.  Would definitely go back.
4	Live like 15 mins away from LT so I come here all the time with my friends. About a month ago, we all went here for dinner on a Wednesday and it was packed! However, the line didn't take long at all and in about 10-15 mins, we were seated! The sushi are always so good and fresh. This is the restaurant where I first tried fried ice cream too! Yum!
4	Love the dragon roll.
5	Some of the highest quality sushi you'll find and a great atmosphere for, yes, a hefty price but that's the point of sushi -- a celebratory food you have maybe once or twice a year.
5	Love their sushi here. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. There is on street parking, and also a parking garage across the street.
4	I've dined here thrice now, sushi on every visit, so that's the only thing I can review, other than atmosphere and service, and it's all good. The sushi is treated with care and respect, and arrives to you in manageable mouthfuls. Fresh, fresh, fresh, and beautifully prepared. The miso soup and salad are also very good. I am greeted each time immediately upon opening the front door with a smile and seated promptly. Sometimes the servers get busy, but they watch each other's tables, so you shouldn't go long without some attention here. I think this is the best sushi in the South Hills, and I've not had better in Pittsburgh, though I've left some places untried yet. Delightful.
1	Coming from the west coast, this is probably the worst sushi I have had in a very long time. There are no descriptions for any of the rolls. They do not offer low sodium soy sauce. The wait for 3 rolls and 4 pieces of sashimi took over 25 minutes. Now for the food, the scallop roll is mushy ( if they were scallops I wouldn't know). Actually, everything I ate was mushy. The service was inattentive. I waited 10 minutes for a refill for my iced tea, after the owner and another server looked straight at my empty glass.
2	Food was good, very average and just a bunch of rolls - nigiri and sashimi are kinda an afterthought. I wish the menu identified the ingredients. Instead I had to ask the server (really nice lady, but definitely not quick and efficient - service was soooo slow) who kindly explained each one. I ended up choosing two and they were good, more like meh good. Since I'm from SoCal, I definitely wouldn't go here when I'm back in Pittsburgh again and would try to find another sushi joint.
5	If you want fresh sushi/sashimi this is the place to go.. The owners hand select their fish on a regular basis only receiving the best quality throughout the world. This place has an extremely high turn over rate ensuring that the fish you are eating is some of the same quality you would find in most NYC Restaurants without the NYC price tag.. FYI- make sure you try the ginger dressing and the spicy tuna, you will be back again and again...Thanks for a great experience....and yes they do have low sodium soy sauce.
5	I have visited Little Tokyo three times and each time has been wonderful. The service,  friendly staff, atmosphere, and sushi make it my go-to place for a relaxing evening. The only suggestion I have is to include explanations of each sushi roll for the customer, to make it less confusing for the customer and easier for the server!
5	Best sushi in town. Try the spicy scallop in seaweed.  Great service. Don't get intimidated by the sushi menu. Your server will guide you if you ask.
5	I come here kind of often. Always have good service, the sushi is very good and the pricing is very reasonable considering the quality of sushi. The inside is nice too. The only reason it isn't my number one place for sushi, is because Umi in shady side is orgasmic....ONLY reason this place is my number 2. Whatever the case, I HIGHLY recommend little Tokyo for good sushi.
4	As sushi goes-very good. We had five rolls- Spicy Tuna, Rock and Roll, Yellow Tail, First Date, and the Dragon Roll. They were all delicious. The ambiance was pretty good and the service wasn't too bad-a little slow to start out with. The ginger salad was just odd. My husband and I couldn't quite put our finger on it but it was just odd. The miso soup didn't have any seaweed in it at all. I'm not saying it was understated, I'm saying there was absolutely nothing green in there and it was very salty. Since we went there for sushi and the sushi was great we can't really complain.
5	Ate here last night on a recommendation.  Fabulous!!  It was so busy we had to sit at the Sushi Bar, but they offered their full menu.  We got the Maki Combo Deluxe and the Maki Combo regular.  We asked the waitress if the Deluxe was large enough to split and she didn't think it was.  We (two petite women) had WAY too much food and took a full serving home from the two platters.  The miso soup was superior, but lacking seaweed (I prefer my own miso soup).  The dressing on the salad was great.  The Eel roll was the very best.  Actually, I have to say all of it was the best Japanese food I have ever had!  I will definitely drive the hour (had Dr. Apt) to visit this restaurant again.  It was a bit expensive, but mow I know to split the platter for two petite women.  :)
5	Best spicy tuna that I've ever had.......because it's actually spicy and without the spicy (American) mayo.
4	Second best sushi in Pittsburgh after Umi. Great uni and eel. Would recommend the sushi and sashimi over other dishes here.
5	Wonderful sushi and decent pricing. One of my favorite places to go! The ambiance is very nice and the food is absolutely fantastic. I'd love to go again!
4	I primarily had sashimi and it was excellent.  the fish was very high quality, fresh, and well-handled.  We ordered a spicy tuna roll toward the end of the meal, and I had to take a star off the whole experience for that roll - it had a pile of the fishiest, cheapest, rankest caviar on top.  I couldn't eat it.  Service was lovely and ambiance great.  I'll be back but will be sure to request "no caviar" on anything!!!
5	My girlfriend and I frequent this place as often as we can. Best sushi around by far. Lunch prices are awesome but you get their dinner quality of food. Favorites are probably black marlin, soft shell crab roll, yellow fun tuna, anything with eel, just about every entree and their ice cream! Oh man, I'm getting hungry typing this
5	Came here with my friend for the first time who is a regular. The dining atmosphere was welcoming and clean. Service was prompt, greeter and server were very friendly and I was actually in a hurry and it wasn't a problem at all. The quality was great. Only wish they had brown rice as an option for sushi. Would 100% come back again!! So excited for my next visit :) I got the spicy tuna hand roll and seaweed salad. It was amazing. Better than sushi too or beni chopsticks.
5	This is amazing sushi.  I have not tried the hibachi but it is nice that they have it for dining with a mixed sushi/non sushi eating crowd.  The sushi is spectacular and there is high attention to detail.  The miso soup is made completely from scratch, no cans.  The grated radish and other garnishes are made fresh daily.  There is no hint of staleness in anything.  The bartender is also generous in his pours.  We are never in a hurry when we go for sushi so I haven't paid too much attention to the time it takes but they always bring out the next item as we are finishing the previous.  We have frequented here for a little over a year and always leave very pleased.  For the food quality and attention to detail the prices are also extremely reasonable.
4	we have dined here probably 10 times over the years.  It's always a great experience!  I'm talking consistently good EVERY time.  Great sushi choices, excellent hibachi and very friendly staff.
2	OK, update time.  Sushi we split was good.  Miso soup had an odd taste this visit.My main course (Butaniku) was unforgettable, a real meh!  Not sure what happened this night.  Our waitress was MIA most of the night.  Could not even find her to try to get refills, desert or our check.  Must have been an off night for everyone.
5	Some of the best sushi in Pittsburgh. Everything was really fresh and light which sushi should be, but this just seemed better. Hard to find a soft shell crab roll that the tempura is done well. This place does.
5	Best sushi ever, can't wait to try it once again. Deserves every penny, in the end you get what you pay for. If you're sushi fan, then you must try this place. By far the best ever sushi in Pittsburgh . The waitresses are so friendly . The environment so elegant, lavish, and classy . I highly recommend this restaurant .
5	Very nice sushi in Mt. Lebanon.  Service was prompt and friendly.  We enjoyed three not too expensive rolls--they have some great specialty rolls that are spendy (but worth the price!)--and had a great marinated beef and veggies dish.  The portions were satisfying and the bill was modest.  One of my favorite sushi places around.
2	I did not have a good experience here tonight. We did not make reservations and got seated within 10 minutes! We were happy about that but.. Waiting for our food took so long! We were ready to walk out and just cancel the order because of the wait.. But ended up waiting it out. The food turned out okay. Miso soup- needed scallions and seaweedSalad- the dressing wasn't gingerly enough and tasted like Italian dressing. - the agedashi tofu was not agedashi tofu.. It was fried tofu in soy sauce with red pickled Chinese chilli. Ugh.. So disappointed. - sushi was okay. It was just average for me.  They were definitely quick with the check and cleaning at the end! Overall, didn't have a good experience and food was salty for my taste. :/
1	FILET MIGNON NOT AS ADVERTISEDWe ordered the filet mignon with chicken hibachi.  The flavor was ok, we asked for the filet to be medium and it arrived well done, was very chewy and we suspect a chuck roast or some other inferior cut of beef was substituted for the filet.  False advertising at its best--shouldn't that be illegal?The fried rice that came with it was ok but we were not offered a choice of steamed rice or noodles.  Other hibachi places we have been to plate noodles and steamed or fried rice together.The miso soup was very salty and murky and not very flavorful.  The salad had a lot of water at the bottom of the bowl and was made up of head lettuce only (anyone ever heard of a salad spinner)--not very appetizing.We also ordered sushi (all cooked ingredients) it was just ok and not the best I have experienced.The waitress was slow and had to be asked for refills on our hot tea.  The whole meal took almost an hour and a half and cost $75.00 tip included.  Not worth the price, time, gas and wear and tear on the car to get there.
4	Service can boost a mediocre meal into the the arena of excellence.  When the food is consistently above average and the service, friendly and highly personable, and the prices reasonable, then...the meal is sublime.I gauge a good meal by my level of desire to return.  I will visit Little Tokyo for the level 4 food...and level 5 smile they paint on my face!
3	Definitely a great sushi stop in Mt. Lebanon. Why the 3 stars? Service. The restaurant was EMPTY. We made it clear that we needed to be quick, but that didn't change anything for the service. It was still slow with everything from the drinks to the food to the bill. We ended up being late to our event, but at least we had full tummies. The sushi is great, really. It would just be better if it came in a decent time.
