4	The fella and I had been watching the progress at Akahana for awhile, and we were glad to see it finally opened!  It's in the space previously inhabited by Liu Liu's in Baxter Village, and this is a significant upgrade from that Asian restaurant.The servers at Akahana aim to please; they're attentive and friendly, but not overbearing.  Our particular waiter seemed a little new and unsure, but it was sweet - E for effort.  The menu itself is extensive to the point of being almost overwhelming.  It offers all kinds of sushi, pad thai, lo mein, even curry dishes!  It took us a decent amount of time to find the wine because it's listed UNDER the sushi it pairs well with.  Neither of us was getting sushi, so we skipped over that part of the menu thinking it was just sushi.  The fella got a glass of white wine, and I got the Passion Saketini ($8), which tasted like pineapple with vodka. We got the spring roll appetizer ($4.95), which is always my gauge of how good any Asian restaurant is.  It was deeeelicious!  There were two rolls, and they were much bigger than at most restaurants.  The outside texture was light and crispy, and it was stuffed full of fresh, thick pork.For entrees, I got the Chicken Lo Mein ($9.95), and the fella got the Soft Egg Noodle with chicken ($10.95).  Although the portions were huge, I ate almost my entire plate.  The fellas noodles were a little thinner than mine, and he said his was really good, but I was too busy stuffing my face to try his.  Although we didn't get any sushi, it looked beautiful when I saw it carried by our table.The place was hopping at 6:30 on a Friday night, and I hope it does well.  It seems like a great addition to Baxter with indoor seating, a covered outdoor seating area, and a bar area.  The prices are very reasonable, and the food is pretty outstanding, too.  So glad it's finally open!
4	Stopped in last night for sushi and a few glasses of vino.  Nicely renovated from the previous establishment in a good neighborhood.  The sushi bar in the back had a neat waterfall wall behind it.  One thing I'm starting to notice is that most newer "asian places" are mixing Thai, Chinese, Hibachi and everything all under one roof.  I remember back in the old days you had to go to a specific restaurant for the type of asian cuisine.  Akahana fits the bill nicely as hey have all sorts of options to meet any craving (Pho, Thai dishes, and traditional Chinese).The sushi selection was very nice and to my delight it was BOGO on the rolls so we filled up nicely.  They had one roll, and I can't remember the name that had seared steak on top it was one of the best rolls I've had in awhile.Service was on par and helpful.  One thing I will say is that they have to work on the background music right.  Fort Mill is still not that "hip" and the older crowd, and even me didn't really want to hear AC/DC blasting You Shook Me All Night Long which is a great song, but not really appropriate while eating dinner in a nicer sit down place.  Plus it was very loud.Nice place, I'll be back
3	We tried Akahana last night with another couple.  The food is outstanding, BUT one person was served, second dinner arrived about 10 minutes later, and the third, which my hubby and I shared, was at least 20 minutes after the first dinner was served. We ordered the Back Bean stir fry, which was delicious, but SO late in coming.  Our friend ordered the Mongolian Beef, which was so spicy he had a difficult time eating it.  (And he normally likes spicy food).  No mention on the menu about it being spicy at all.  The other person (first one served) had the Salmon, which was very good, but comes drenched in a Curry sauce.  No mention of that on the menu either. She would not have ordered it if she knew it was Curry.  So a word to the wise:  Check the ingredients with your server, ask a lot of questions, and be aware they are new and inexperienced.  We were there for 1 1/2 hours.Love their dumplings, and the wonton soup is delicious. Both were wrapped in a very light dough, perfect.  They need to get some Chinese Mustard, which we like to add to our soup.Don't quite know how many stars to give this brand new restaurant.  Delicious food, less than satisfactory dinner service. (NOT the waiter's fault, I blame it on the kitchen organization.Very, very noisy.  Nothing on the walls, floor or ceilings to absorb any sound, so little kids screaming is very noticeable. Also, the music is too loud.We will give them another chance.  They are certainly not pros at this restaurant thing.
4	I stopped in for lunch after a client meeting today and all and all thoroughly enjoyed the experience. I wasn't feeling too adventurous with my menu selections and opted to keep it simple with a house salad, solely for the purpose of the ginger dressing, and a Philly sushi roll. The standard menu items that I ordered were delicious and I gobbled them up right away. The service was super friendly and fast. Any need that we had was meet before we could ask for it. I even believe that the server picked up on the fact that I was gabbing away to my coworker and respected that fact being attentive without interrupting.The atmosphere was great. I think my favorite part about this experience was the decor. Typically, I find that places like this tend to go overboard, but everything here was balanced. There was just the right amount of culture, while maintaining a contemporary feel to the restaurant. For example, hanging down from the ceiling, they had brightly colored open umbrellas (hanging from the handles) and behind the sushi bar, the backdrop was a water fall wall. I'm not too familiar with the Baxter Village scene, but would venture to guess this would be a great place to post up and do some people watching on their massive patio.Overall, my impression of this place was solid. The food didn't "wow" me, but it was a great place to stop in for lunch.
4	Started my weekend birthday celebration at Akahana. My husband and I were pleasantly surprised, as it was our first time with the new management. The decor is very appealing. My only suggestion would be to reevaluate your music selection. Akahana is such an swanky, trendy spot, the last thing you expect to hear is 80's music.
4	We went in at 11:30 and were promptly seated. The service was very friendly and quick with orders and requests. The food was great. I had soba and tempura shrimp, while my friend got BOGO sushi. My only issue was that a family with a child were seated RIGHT BEHIND us (chairs were literally inches apart) and she was a screamer. I try to understand kids will be kids, but the place was empty otherwise ... so maybe sit them a few tables away? I would definitely return, and just hope for a quieter experience next time.
1	Oh dear. Where do I start. You know a place is bad if I start the Yelp review before I even leave the restaurant. This is the worst sushi I have ever had. I ordered two vegetarian rolls and even the cucumber rolls were not fresh. We ordered several different items from the menu and unfortunately, nearly everything seemed to be a little different from the description on the menu. The service took forever; our waiter had no idea what he was serving and he got part of our order wrong. However, the owner was very nice and allowed us to have a table outside earlier than when our patio table was ready. If this place remains open it will be thanks to the families with tons of children that run amuck. I will not be returning.
2	This place was not my favorite, but I don't remember ever being happy from a pan-Asian restaurant.  For an appetizer we ordered shrimp & veggie tempura.  The tempura was so thick on the food and the veggies were still hard and raw - I have never had tempura that bad before.I asked the waitress if I could not get yellow tail as part of a nigiri dinner option and they could just give me two other kinds on the plate already instead.  She just told me no and didn't even check with anyone and I really don't see how that would be an unreasonable request...  Since I hate yellow tail so much, I decided to order a tuna and rice bowl.  The prices of the rolls are crazy expensive even for non-specialty ones.  For example, spicy tuna is more than $10 - I want to say its closer to $15.The veggie rolls were BOGO so my husband got two of those and they were just ok.  I would never go back to this place.  it's really overpriced and the food isn't even good!
4	I've popped in here for both a sit-down dinner and late-night sushi take-out. The interior is classy and contemporary, and the waitstaff is friendly. Great atmosphere for a date. Pretty nice presentation, too. Service is a little slow.On to the food! My boyfriend has a gluten allergy, and the chef was happy to make some informed suggestions about safe options, which was pretty cool. The miso is too salty... I really don't like it at all. I have to say that I'm also not really a fan of their fried sushi rolls - the batter is a little too thick for my taste, kind of like fancy fish sticks. However, I will say that the other rolls I've had were quite delicious.The Cherry Blossom Roll is simple, and though I'm not usually for the simpler rolls, it was actually very flavorful and fresh. I'd order it again.I also have had a Spicy Tuna Roll, and though the taste wasn't completely my thing (a bit saltier than expected, maybe?), it was true to its word about the heat.The Florida Roll tastes great with spicy salmon swapped out for the tuna (EDIT: I've been told they do not do substitutions anymore). This thing was definitely packed to the brim with fish. No skimping there.Hands down, though, my #1 recommendation is the Tropical Exotic Roll. It's unique and SO tasty! Don't be scared off by the odd-looking soy paper and the unusual, cute little triangles it's cut in - that's part of what makes it delicious! I'm planning on getting it again my next visit for sure.Their prices are kind of high, but I was told they always have BOGO sushi, so that's how they balance the deal. I'm not sure about the other types of food they serve, but if you're into sushi, give them a try!EDIT: I have now also tried their pho. It's okay, but definitely isn't memorable. Pretty bland. Wouldn't recommend.
4	I take my wife and kids here once a week, the sushi is excellent, I recommend trying the bagel roll. The service is fast and never a long wait
4	My wife and visited Akahana on a Friday night. When greeted at the door we were advised that the wait would be about 10 minutes. Not too bad for a Friday night during the dinner rush. We went to the bar to get a glass of wine. The service in the bar was a little slow and the staff seemed a little overwhelmed. It wasn't that busy in the bar so this might be an area they should look into improving.When we were seated we exchanged pleasantries with our server, Gina, we advised her that I have gluten sensitivities. Gina was AWESOME! She made suggestions and steered us clear of things that may be a problem for me. The surprise to me was when she brought a bottle of gluten free soy sauce to our table without even being asked to do so. Her suggestion of a wine selection was spot on too.The Pho that we had was incredible and again Gina helped us in our selection because we have never tried it. The sushi was tasty and fresh, we chose something we have had tons of times before and it was very good.The wine was a big pour and for the price it was an above average deal. Our overall experiance was awesome and we would recommend you visit.  Ask to sit in Gina's section if she is working and tell her you heard about it here.The bar service was a little slow and the front door was slow to close causing cold air to rush in and flow over our table. But those are things that can be worked on. The food was great and the table service was outstanding and it was reasonably priced. A huge thank you to Gina and Akahana for a job extremely well done
3	Below average atmosphere, average service and decent to average sushi. Women's bathrooms were disgusting.  Like their neighbors Six Pence and Beef O'Brady's  it smelled musty and moldy. Face it, the reason these places even have customers is their location inside Baxter.  I'll go back cuz I have low expectations and won't be disappointed.  Plus I can walk home.
5	This place is AMAZING.  Custom orders always come out correct, and their menu selections are out of this world to begin with.  Service is always on point and proactive.  Their sushi is out of this world amazing.  Miso soup is standard (great) and affordable pricing.  From their fusion cuisine to Japanese standards, always impressed (I have eaten there 5-6 times since moving to Fort Mill)You won't be disappointed.  Give it a shot.
2	Cuisine is Asian fusion. Interior theme fits the cuisine: small tea candles at each table and a full set of "essentials" with sriracha & hoisin sauces, salt & pepper, regular and less sodium soy sauce, and 2 small plates (the plates are not so essential and I usually ask for them to be removed). Noticed not all the chairs matched in the dining room.Food tastes average-good. Pricing is fair, their $4.95 appetizer soups shocked me at first but then I found they are actually full bowls (and quite delicious), not the tiny cups you are served elsewhere. Sushi is always BOGO (good deal for sushi) and the entree dishes are ~$12.00. Sundays have $3 mimosas and $4 bloody Marys. Unfortunately service is why it's only worth 2 stars maximum because it all depends on your server. I eat here somewhat frequently and noticed a bit of turnover. There's 3 [memorable] servers I've seen since the opening that are still around and doing a great job. (Don't get me wrong, I'm not a sourpuss & always in a good mood to go eat!) Other servers either seem new to the industry or just not suited for the role with an apparent negative attitude, being passive-aggressive....ie not presenting bill in the booklet, slamming pens at payment, being MIA through dining experience.
4	This restaurant serves Chinese, Japanese, and Vietnamese dishes.  The sashimi was very fresh and you can't beat the buy one get one free rolls.  My favorite dish is the Deluxe Fried Rice - chewy and flavorful Chinese sausage, succulent shrimp, tasty chicken and a bit of eggs in a bed of beautifully fried rice.  Go to Akahana and definitely order the fried rice!The decor is modern and warm with outdoor seating on warm days.  It's a great place to eat with friends or family.  Also good for business lunches and dinners.  Prices are also reasonable.  Most dishes are in the low teens.
2	Food wasn't bad. But the waitress was a disaster. We ordered appetizers and the dinner special which included soup and salad. The appetizer arrived and a minute so did our entree. We asked about our soup and salad and the waitress said she would bring it right out. When we reminded her that the soup and salad should come after the entree she was at a complete loss about what to do. So we told her to forget about the soup and salad and take it off our bill. They reduced the bill for $3.48! The poor kid had no training and failed to follow up or apologize for the screw up. Other than that the good here is decent. Just make sure you get a seasoned wait person!
3	When I walked in, I was impressed with the ambiance of the place.  It was nicely decorated and there were plenty of open tables inside and out.  It was around 7pm on a Wednesday night.  I was with my boyfriend on a date night so I was hoping for a table alone but we were seated almost directly next to a father and son.  We ordered our appetizer and my boyfriend ordered sake.  The crab Rangoon appetizer was delicious and we became hungrier as the time went on.  We ordered our food; I wanted sushi and they always have a buy one, get one free special and my boyfriend, not a sushi eater, got the sesame chicken. After nearly an hour of waiting and watching people enter the restaurant and not leave it, we were becoming concerned about the wait time for our food.  My boyfriend's came out first (after about a 45 minute wait) and it WAS delicious.  He wanted to wait for me to get my sushi but I told him to go on because I didn't know how much longer it would be.  Almost a full twenty minutes more went by before we actually got our food.  We couldn't believe the wait!  I asked the waitress who was quite friendly if this was how it normally was and she said during the dinner rush, the sushi always gets behind.  This leads me to believe they need to hire another one or two sushi chefs because there's never a wait like that at other equally priced restaurants.When my sushi DID finally arrive, it was good.  It was rolled tightly and tasted delicious (I had the volcano roll  and the spicy tuna).  However, both my boyfriend and I were turned off by the wait.  The waitress said coming after the lunch rush but before the dinner rush would be the best time so I encourage you to try to go then if you're going to go.  I love the buy one get one free roll experience but I hated the wait.  We will probably go again but at the exact right time.
2	Updated...not that it matters cuz the location dictates that this place will stay open but I have to say, they have the ABSOLUTE worst service.  Horrible.
2	I've eaten sushi here a few times, and told myself not to come back the last few times.There are always bits of other sushi on my sushi, those little orange fish eggs are on everything, but not because they were meant to be. It's as if they don't care to clean enough to make sure each roll is perfect, the way sushi is meant to be.
2	I give them two stars only because the food is good and they always have the BOGO sushi. The service is horrible. Today was the last straw. I arrived at 12:30, about 5 minutes later another couple was seated. They were immediately asked their drink orders. When the waitress walked back by I asked if someone would be by to help me. She replied with oh we are sending someone out. At that point I just got my purse and left. I had been waiting for almost 10 minutes and just felt it was ridiculous that no one had stopped by my table. The last time I went there the waiter dropped our napkins on the ground then proceed to place them on our table and he never refilled our drinks. As I said the food is good, but the service is just plain horrible.
4	Sushi is normally delicious; however, it tasted too fishy, just once though.Veggie lo mein is yummy if ordered for dine-in.Pros: Nice large patio space, Sapporo on tap, Bogo sushi.
1	We have been here a few times and the food is okay. Tonight we were seated looking directly into the kitchen. We placed our order and I told the waitress I wanted the beef extra well done. In the meantime, I watched the woman in the kitchen put gloss on her lips with her finger and then went on cooking and touching the food without washing her hands. The man in the kitchen was touching his face. It was disgusting. Then, the food came out and my beef was red in the middle and raw. Absolutely disgusting. And the icing was the woman must have been told that I complained about her because she stared me down the rest of the evening. Do not eat here!!
3	I keep coming here because its in my neighborhood. The service is hit or miss but the sushi is fine, I think that's all we ever get. For the limited restaurants in Ft Mill you could do worse I guess.
3	The service was good. The food was good. The ambience was good. The bathroom floor was dirty. The table was sticky.
4	I've heard a lot of hype surrounding Akahana and can now say I get it. This place is absolutely fantastic for everything Asian, as well as Indian cuisine. I came for lunch the other day, and against my better judgement tried an Indian dish. Believe me when I say, there was absolutely nothing wrong with the dish and it was VERY good. I was simply jealous of all the other more Asian dishes in my party of 10. Per the dish I had, a chicken dish with yellow curry with white rice, made great use of curry sauce ingredients as well as a fresh vegetable medley- sprinkled with fresh jalopenos. It was fairly hot outside that day on their patio so I can't really pin-point my sweating due to the dish or the heat. My guess is a combination of the two (most likely), and I will say it had the perfect kick. The dish had a perfect flavor balance and was not skimpy on its proportion. In general, it seemed like just about every dish on the table for in upwards of $9, for a lunch menu item, seemed well worth it proportion-wise. All 10 plates looked delectable and it seems to me it wouldn't be hard to find a new, great dish off their menu.Aside from enjoying a lunch here, the interior is such that would warrant a great date night. Very modern and upscale decor. I haven't looked to hard into their dinner menu, but I can assume quality, quantity, and price are all adequately proportioned, as in lunchtime.
3	I love sushi, and this sushi was really good. Even better, when we went for lunch it was BOGO on sushi rolls...we definitely took advantage of that! The downside is that even with that special the rolls are still on the expensive side. Our waiter was very nice, but he was almost too helpful. He came over to the table to check on us a lot. I appreciated his desire to make sure we were happy, but in my opinion he was too involved (if both of our glasses of water are full, chances are we don't need more water).  If asked to go back again, I would. But I wouldn't make a special trip there.
3	They always have bogo sushi, but their prices reflect the "bogo". $10 for a spicy tuna roll...especially when at every other place they run usually &4.50-$5. Even though their prices really make it so that it's not "bogo", their sushi is tasty. Every time I've gone, the fish has been fresh and their presentation in appealing. Also this akahana has a large outside seating area so you can enjoy the weather and people watch with some sushi.
3	1st the sushi is way too over priced & they have the worst California roll. The buy one roll get one free is a joke & they will charge you for the most expensive roll so make sure you pick 2 rolls of equal value. They have that "deal" daily. The lettuce wraps are my favorite, always excellent. I love the outdoor seating, but wish they would invest in better chairs. Sitting in a cheap lawn chair while trying to eat can be challenging. The food always looks delicious. I do like eating here.
3	I have been here for lunch a couple of times and the service was just ok, meaning it took a while to get our food.  When you typically have an hour to eat during lunch you really should get your food delivered within 10 min. Max of ordering.  This took at least 20 and they weren't busy at all.  Although BOGO is a great marketing idea be aware that the size of your sushi when it is "take out" is much smaller size (just bite size) then when you eat in.  I went on a Friday night around 7:30pm for take out understanding it would be busier than usual, I decided to order a drink from the bar, then order my food.  The bar was packed and soon realized it was because people were waiting for a table, which is a good sign that the food is worth the wait.  However, I stood right at the bar for a good 10 min and neither of the 2 bartenders acknowledged me or my friend and they came by us many times.  I get when a bar is busy but you need to acknowledge your customers at least with 'I'll be right with you'.  FINALLY got our dirty martini order with the male bartender and get our drinks which were in the short, no stem martini glasses and only 3/4 full with 1 olive, so disappointed with that but then got the bill!!!!   $8 each with a $1 prep fee on top of that!!!!!  What is that??  I mean we are in Fort Mill, not NY or even Charlotte!  Anyway, decided to order the take out and they said it was a 45 min wait on food.  So very disappointed in the entire exp.
4	My husband and I love their sushi rolls and their atmosphere is great to sit outside!
