5	Wadaa is attached to Barney's Boathouse and is both delicious and an incredible bargain. The menu consists of only two items, steak tacos and chicken tacos. The meat is marinaded beautifully so the flavors are intense and satisfying. And they are only $2 each! Incredible bargain! Cheese is an extra buck. You really will be blown away by something so tasty being so inexpensive!It isn't advertised but they will also make you a quesadilla for the same price as a taco, and I find them a bit more filling! So if you want to get something a little bigger for the same price try one out!You really can't beat this deal in oldtown and they are superb!
1	Good food,when the lazy douches decide to work. Oh ya...we are open sundown-3am  WED-SUN. BIATCH PLEASE!!! You are never open Sunday night any I went there THURSDAY night ay 9pm and guess what.....the owners were too sleepy to be open. I starved all night so I could get your food at 8pm, when you were supposed to open,and I went but again at 9pm and NOT OPEN! So now I am starving because you  are LAZY! This is war. Enjoy your FB and Yelp because I will make you feel the pain I feel in my stomach right now, you lazy border jumpers!!!
5	A MUST GO FOR SURE! Amazing tacos, only $2. Owner is great...very passionate and knows how to make delicious tacos.
5	If you want delicious, fresh tacos after a night out this is the place to be. The owners are very friendly! They made an amazing quesadilla!
5	These tacos are absolutely the closest thing to real Mexican street tacos. I had the steak and chicken. The chicken was moist and tender. The steak on the other hand was a little bit tougher but similar to that on really taco truck.  The salsa bar includes fresh pico de gallo, guacamole sauce, a spider salsa, crisp lettuce and key baby lines. I LOVE MEXICAN sodas. The coca cola taste much better with real sugar. They also had fanta and sprite as well. This spot will hit the spot after a night of bar hopping Scottsdale. Cheap tacos and a friendly and funny staff.
