5	My favorite fast-food place.  Great food combined with best-in-class service.  The people are always friendly!  I love their chicken.  It beats KFC, Church's, and anyone else you can name.  I especially appreciate three very unique things about them - 1. They are closed on Sundays.  I admire that!  2. The have a family night on Monday.  Kids get a 4 piece nugget meal with every adult combo meal.  3.  Their kid's meal comes with an EDUCATIONAL game or toy!  Their meal also preaches character instead of the latest Disney or Dreamworks movie - sorry Shrek!A class A place with great food, great service, and competitve prices.  (Sorry, no dollar menu though.)
5	Another great chick-fil-a location. Good friendly service and normal to be expected food for this chain.  I love how friendly they always are and my kids love the playground area.
1	beware of iced tea!!!!!!!I was driving to my sisters to help her paint her new house. She had several other girlfriends there so i decided to stop and get us some tea. I got a gallon of their unsweetened tea.When I got to my sisters, she went to open it but stopped bc of white-worm like floaties.sure enough, there were mucusy- octopus shaped like floaties EVERYWHERE. it was FUNGUS!!!!!!FUNGUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I watched the manager fill up my gallon of tea so I know he didn't alter it. that's what they were serving everyone.oh. my. god. BARF! That means they dont clean their tea tanks and they havent in sometime in order to get these few inch long fungus floaties.I called the next day and the manager on duty really couldn't get me of f the phone fast enough and just wanted to shut me up. She was like "no, we do clean them. whats your address? I will send you a gift card." "uhhh, i don't want anything. I just want you to be aware of your nasty tea so no one gets sick." "ya, ya ill take care of it. whats your address." so do i know if she heard i word i said? nope.will i ever order tea again? nope.will i ever be able to eat there without thinking about what other things haven't been cleaned and have octopus shaped fungus growing? nope.i think i will avoid all chick fil a locations.vom. vom. VOM!!!!!!ps- i found a pic online of what it looked like, there were some smaller and bigger in there but thats the idea of what you should keep your eyes out for.
1	Sounds like since your Gold Star in June things have gone south....just sayin..........Even though you are proud of your Gold Star from a couple months ago, it does not eliminate the fact that I had several large fungus clumps in my tea shortly after this so-called inspection.
5	I have always enjoyed the flavor of Chick-Fil-A Chicken.  Although it is pricey,  it's well worth the cost.  I get excited everytime I see a new restaurant opening.  I'm not a iced tea drinker so I have never experienced any fungus in my beverage.  That does concern me but I will continue to enjoy their chicken.  Keep up the good work.  I also appreciate a business that stays true to their values over financial gain.
1	My experience with Chick-Fil-A food has been pretty benign.  And I think that fits their character on the fast food landscape.  Decent, harmless, slightly better than your average burger chain.I am aware they are owned by a Christian owner and that is why they are closed on Sundays and I respect the decision to take that stand despite any business they may lose on Sunday.But this morning I stopped into this location - thought I might try their breakfast offerings.  As I stood in line I realized I was hearing some pretty offensive "Jesus Rock" over the store audio.  I don't recall the song but I caught lyrics about "savior of the sinners" and "almighty glory" and "we must repent"...there was plenty more.As I said, I respect your decision to close on Sunday's, it's your business.  And this new treat of proselytizing to music - that's your decision as well.  And just as I can't stand people peddling their religion at my doorstep, I won't stick around for the Chick-Fil-A version of a revival - you've gone too far - I turned around and left and will likely never return to a Chick-Fil-A.  What's next, a sign on the entrance "God Fearing Christians Only" or "We Reserve The Right To Deny Service To Those Who Do Not Share Our Born Again Belief System"
5	The food at Greg's location is always fresh and delicious. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Will definetly eat there again.
5	Best fast food chicken restaurant. I am always impressed by the friendly and courteous staff, clean dining area, and delicious food. This location definitely caters to families, and even has extra diapers in the restroom in case of an emergency and/or forgotten diaper bag. I loved the food, and definitely will be back for more!
5	What a great place for families!  The entire staff is so nice and extremely helpful.  The food is also hot and fresh.  I don't think we have ever had a bad meal there.  They also do a great job with their family nights on Monday.The only negative is that the cow does not show up often.
5	I love Chick-fil-A. Their food is good, but their customer service and staff are incredible. With their help we pulled off an amazing fundraiser for my daughter's teacher who is fighting cancer. We had a busy night and they kept everything running perfectly. Thank you Robert, Stephanie, and the rest of your staff!
5	Never disappointing!!! And always fresh and very friendly staff! Best fast food chain... No soggy chicken here. Clean and family oriented. Don't forget to check in... U get a free milkshake with purchase ;)
5	Love the milkshakes and right now their checkin deal is a free milkshake.
5	I worked in a fast food restaurant for 2 years and I understand how hard it is to work with frustrating customers. This is the only fast food place I go to where everyone is happy and wants to help. It is usually busy at meal times because its so good. I work across the street from this place and In-and-Out and I love both but normally choose them because they are so happy and the food is amazing!
5	Best Chicken around dont look at this like a KFC as it is more nuggets and sandwiches than legs and wings!Adults and kids both love Chick Fil A  they have great a sandwich and nuggets. Chicken soup is even good with fresh white meat which I have everytime we come!Shakes are great too!
1	This was my first time in a Chick-Fil-A and I was curious. I came here to wait while my husband was in an interview. I had heard things about them in the news. Just one dollar sign is in the price range. No way, not even close. For $7, you get a puny salad and a drink. A value meal is ~ $8. Christian or not, it's such a rip-off. And the girl that served me had a creepy attitude. When I said "thank you" to her twice, for ringing me up and bringing me the food, she responded with a weird, melodramatic "Pleasure..."All the 5 stars below must be employees.
5	Chick-Fil-A has good food.  Typical fast food fare, but they set themselves apart with their customer service.  This location is great and you can't beat the free Yelp check-in shake.
5	"My pleasure." I love Chick-fil-A. Good food and always friendly service. No other place beats their chicken sandwiches.
5	CFA is the cadillac of fast-food. They have great food and their service is off the charts in my opinion. They are so nice that it almost makes you feel guilty for having them help you. I guess this is what happens when you get used to other fast food places throwing sub-par food at you with a frown.But really, get here. I love it. It is my pleasure to submit this review.
4	My favorite thing about this location is the big, enclosed children's play area.  There's a big Purell hand wipes dispenser just outside the door, so if you're a little bit skittish about kids play areas, you can always wipe your kids down before and after playing.As with other locations, this one has good food and friendly service.  The sodas are not self-serve, but there is always someone walking around making sure your food is okay and checking to see if you'd like refills.
5	I love the chicken breakfast sandwhich with egg on it. So great and surprising since I thought of this as a lunch place initially. I love the little hasbrowns too. The splenda lemondae is great for those who like healthy lemonade. great service by happy people here.
1	The food is tasty but it's over priced for what you get. Also I'm not really supporting their business much anymore since they have an issue with equality. I notice we don't really have cravings to eat here because we're just reminded of their views and with that disappointment we tend to choose somewhere else to go. Which is sad, since my mom had been taking me to chick-fil-a's since the late 80's! Also, last time we went they were playing Christian music as if they needed to prove something. You should really respect ALL potential customers that could walk through your doors. So much disappointment.
5	They staff is always so polite & the salads are always fresh. They raise the bar for fast food restaurants.
5	I always have such an awesome experience at this chick fil a. The whole staff is always sweet and nice some know my name (yes I love me my chick fil a!!) Christina and Randee to name a few are an amazing asset to this ever growing company!
5	Of course the food is good but the service is amazing here. They wait on you and they are just so nice!!! They have great employees at this location!!
5	The best service in fast food restaurants!!! I just love the way they say "my pleasure" after you say thank you ;) i alway order the spicy chicken Deluxe sandwich along with a cookies and cream milkshake ummh mm!!
3	Im only reviewing because i was surprised that not all locations offer the same drinks. Where im from, CFA has orange Fanta and Cherry Coke. Neither of which are at this location. :( Just disappointing when you are craving something.
5	When it come to Fast Food it doesn't get any better than this. Fresh Chicken you can taste the difference Don't feel guilty feed this to the kids.
