4	Best dive-watering hole (without a patio). I don't think beer is cheaper anywhere else on the main. They still have tapes behind the bar and an excellent bluegrass night. There's a live band crammed into the back nearly every night of the week and some of the best shows I have ever seen were in those ten sweaty feet of standing-room-only space.
4	A solid dive bar in Montreal, with a dangerous couple steps up straight from the street. This little old building is original - you can tell from the exposed beams and the way the entire bar tilts straight down, but its original in other ways, too. A mixed-age group of people, cheap beers on tap, good music on the juke and still the ocaissional punk show, this is everything a dive bar should be. Within two pints you can be sharing a table with an old guy who tells you stories about rock stars on Caribbean islands, his problems with faith, and hand-draws you maps to Leonard Cohen's bagel joint and the best vintage shops in town.
5	Wandered into this place after shopping on St. Laurent.Anyway, we NEEDED to be drinking in a bar for THE RAPTURE 2011, and we like random places. Bar Fly looked like our cup of dive bar and we only had 10 minutes before, you know, THE RAPTURE.Could not have picked a better place. It was almost six when we wandered in we got our drinks and headed out back to the cementesque patio ( which closes at 9:00pm btw)About 15 peeps outside, sitting around drinking, chilling and smoking.Some were complete characters. Some were just ( happily) drunk. All were REALLY welcoming, friendly and interesting.All  seemed local.As the night wore on more and more regulars showed up. All equally cool.BONUS: It was one of the regular's birthdays and he BBQ'd a feast on the patio - it was his bday party, he's a chef by trade- and he even invited us to eat. So NICE. It was awesome!We stayed until about, errr, 10:00. By then it was super- packed anyway and we ready to move on. We had made some friends and went out dancing.NOTES: Good music on the sound system, nice bartender. Definitely a dive joint ( in the best sense of the phrase). We used cash and I would suggest you do too. Not even sure if they take cards.All-around great experience.
3	dingy little place but the punk rock dive-bar style really is something that I enjoy. The crowd matched up to the decor and the live music hit the spot. Washed my stress away with a few Ricards and friends.
3	Everybody has a favourite hole in wall. It's grimy, but it's homey. Every Sunday one of the best bluegrass nights in town happens right here - youngsters jam with old timers and its a pretty great scene. I'm partial to Wednesdays though, when an unbelievable swing jazz and blues band plays up a storm. There's some awesome energy, the drummer drums on any available object, and people swing dance like nobody's watching.
5	It is what it is and it's awesome. Please don't come here if you are not a dim and dirty dive bar lover of country, bluegrass, rockabilly, grit and gracious roadway charm. Stay away and leave this place and the good people who rock it in peace. Go find your bliss elsewhere baby, it's ok! I was here recently with a gal who used to frequent the joint often when she lived here over 4 years ago. The tough eyed woman behind the bar lit up, recognized her immediately, and picked up on talks like not a heart beat had gone by. Bottle service? Ah no. Soul service? Like none other.
3	Hands down, the dirtiest dive bar on the Plateau. This is a place you go to sit down, drink cheap pints, and chat with friends. There's a pool table, a bar, and maybe half a dozen tables. To frills whatsoever.Unless there's a show going on to attract new faces, the crowd is mostly regulars, and it doesn't take more than a few visits to get friendly with them.Sunday nights are Blue Grass nights, which are worth checking out if you have an inner hillbilly.
5	if your looking for a total dive bar with super friendly service, and live music......this is it.Ask for Amanda she's an awesome bartenderWe literally bought a 10lb brisket down the street and carved up sandwichs for the entire bar for dinnerenjoy.
5	THIS is my favorite bar in Montreal. Live music pretty much every night and can be anything from bluegrass, country, punk, hardcore, heavy metal \m/. Bar staff are friendly and will be talkative if it isn't too busy. Also dog friendly if not to crowded. Great spot to catch a last pint before closing time. Avoid if you don't like fun.
4	We came here for Sunday Bluegrass night (which didn't really get going 'til 11pm) and really enjoyed it. Good beer, great music, pool table and a warm and grimy vibe -- though at $6.25 a pint I'm not sure I'd call it a dive bar even if it looks the part. Anyway, well worth a visit -- though watch your bag, my wife was pick-pocketed to the tune of $100+ which blew.
4	Great little spot. Drinks are more than reasonably priced, staff is friendly and competent, atmosphere is pretty cool. I'm here with some friends from work and it's a great way to end the week.
