5	Yesyes, a thousand times yes, go here. If you're an ice cream or gelato (or handmade chocolate!) fan, you'll appreciate Mary's fine gelato. With wonderful. Flavors like chocolate orange, raspberry ripple, espresso, and mint chip, this shop was by far one of the favorites on our trip to Edinburgh.
5	Mary is amazing! We love her and her gelatos! A.H. Dance Company has been visiting her little shop every day since we arrived a few days before the Fringe. The handmade gelatos are unique flavors (with some classic ones too!) and they taste AMAZING!!!!
4	Popped into this cute little shop after hearing about it on the Lovecrumbs facebook page. From the outside the shop looks very cute, with malted milk print cushions and other fun bits and bobs. We both had ice cream, and due to the tremendous choice of flavours we each had a double cone. They had a great unusual range of flavours and you were able to have a wee taster before you decided. In the end I went for strawberry with elderflower vinegar along with chocolate and lavender. Both were very good. I think the strawberry one was slightly better and tasted of amazing fresh strawberry goodness. Chocolate and lavender, tasted more just like lavender to me, but was interesting. The boy went for espresso and hazelnut, both were delicious. I'd definitely go back to this little shop again. In fact, I was almost tempted the very next day!
5	Five stars all the way! This is a great wee place! It just reminds me of the great gelato bars back in good old Roma. With flavours of pear & anise, salted caramel, dark chocolate and much more to choose from, you'll be falling in love again and again I will defo be returning to this indie again come rain, sleet or sun!
5	I have had many (and I mean MANY) more visits to Mary's lovely little milk bar since my first review and I'm feeling rather cruel for only having rated it four stars first time round. I love this little shop. I talked about how cute it was in my last review and it certainly has become a firm favourite of mine (and many of my friends). Mary always has a fantastic range of flavours and if you follow her on Facebook you can get a sneaky peek at what's in store each day. I should warn you, however, that this may result in many more visits to the milk bar than you had previously planned!I have tried all sorts of flavours but favourites include: fig and honey, rice pudding, banana and peanut butter and good old traditional milk.As well as ice creams Mary also does delicious hot chocolate and lovely little chocolatey goodies.I would thoroughly recommend a visit.
5	Mary, can you please open up shop in London, pretty please? I passed by Mary's when it was raining, super foggy and windy the other day but declined on trying anything bc I was too much of a wimp. Big mistake! I should've gone that time, so that I would've come back for the next 2 days of my Edinburgh trip. It's that good!  I'm just sad that I tried this on my way out to the train station but happy I tried it anyway. The flavours change daily, and there are some very interesting mixes. Rhubarb strawberry rosemary, chocolate lavender, their house flavour of milk, and a few others. I had fig, and banana passion fruit and lemongrass, which was incredibly delicious!!  The last one was my fav, fresh,  though fig was good too. I seriously contemplated going back to get another scoop but then I really would have missed my train, considering I also got distracted by a daschund puppy as well. Puppies and ice cream,  what better way to end off this trip!
5	I don't think I should have ever come here, because now I simply have to go back as many times as it takes to try every single beautiful, creative flavour.On a grey Edinburgh afternoon we were greeted with a big smile, the offer of as many samples as we'd need to choose the best flavour and a chat about each of the interesting treats on showcase. Mary clearly has lots of passion and that shines through in her lovely little shop!I settled for a double scoop of pistachio and violet dark chocolate and it was deeeelicious. No matter the weather, Mary's ice cream would most definitely add a bit of sunshine to your day.
5	Nom, nom NOM. This place made my lunch break, and it's far too dangerous working anywhere near this place. Beautifully styled all retro, and run by a friendly lady with great specs. The selection is what makes this place - flavours that are a little off kilter, not your obvious choices, and all made in house. I love that they have dairy free options every day too!I had to limit myself to just one scoop, because I am a fattie and would have otherwise demolished about 15 scoops in rapid succession. Chose fig and honey - oh my god. THIS Grown up flavour was consumed with child like joy, and probably equally child like cleanliness. Gelato was rich and creamy, with pops of sweet fig and swirls of oozy honey. MORE PLEASE.That makes 2 edinburgh gelato stores with quality goodies. No complaints here.
5	Yum! I was glad to be recommended this place by the walking tour we did of the city. Otherwise I would have missed out! The hot chocolates are just amazing. Mary uses actual chocolate to create creamy, delicious hot chocolates in a range of flavours. We went back again to try some of the other flavours, but got distracted by the ice creams! After a few tastings, I decided on the chocolate ice cream, which tasted like melted chocolate, yet cold ;-)Located in Grassmarket, you get lovely views of the castle too.As I said, yum!
5	An Edinburgh MUST. Possibly the most incredible gelato I have ever had, and certainly the best hot chocolate. The "milk orange and cinnamon" drink tasted just like Christmas, with "dark chocolate and sea salt" coming in close second. The ice cream was creamy and flavorful, made fresh daily, so there are always new things to try--I wasn't fast enough to the "spiced pumpkin" before it was gone! Conveniently located in the Grassmarket and very reasonably priced! I would go to Mary's every day if could.
4	Not going to lie. I was skeptical. Scottish ice cream? Overly sweet and creamy and overly priced tiny scoop of ice cream, right? In this case, wrong. Mary's milk bar has a fantastic location in the lively Grassmarket overlooking the castle. It's a wee place, rather unassuming from the exterior, but go inside and you may find good ice cream...There weren't many flavours to choose from. Funnily enough this in itself made me hopeful. It's better to excel at a few high-quality quality products rather than excessively piling up flavours.  I opted for a small tub of the spiced stewed plums sorbet and the pistachio flavour. The friendly lady working there (perhaps Mary?) was friendly and let me try a few flavours as I was having a hard time deciding. I judge good ice cream based on pistachio, a classic. The portion size was quite generous, reminiscent of the portion sizes in Italy. The spiced stewed plums was absolutely divine. The pistachio was tasty but slightly let down by the high milk content, it could have done with being a bit nuttier/richer.  I will be back to sample other flavours. Overall, tasty ice cream in a convenient location, good value for good quality.
3	Aaaack, once again I'm going against the grain here.I have been wanting to try Mary's Milk bar for aaaaaaaaaaaages, but dairy+sugar+cold item was the trifecta of things I wasn't allowed to eat while working on getting knocked up so all I could do was read the reviews longingly.So far the best part about being pregnant is eating all the ice cream. Baby needs calcium, right?So, when I had a friend staying in town who wanted to meet up somewhere central, I immediately suggested Mary's. I'd read that it was small but didn't comprehend that it was two tables and one additional seating area small. They also don't appear to have a toilet (this falls into the pregnancy/relevant category for me).I didn't expect in a million years that it would be busy, though. I mean, it's November, right?  Wrong. It was heaving. I walked in and there were loads of people milling about and no clear place to stand if you wanted to order vs if you had ordered and were just waiting to pay or for your drink. I just took a guess and stationed myself in front of the gelato and hoped for the best. Fortunately I'm pushy but if I wasn't I could easily have been overlooked as others came in and, like me, hovered around the gelato flavours.After a quick try of the spiced pumpkin (which I think used freshly ground spices as opposed to pre-ground ones, so mega points for that), I opted against my normal judgement and selected the salted caramel to accompany it.  Should have gone with the chocolate.The salted caramel was a major letdown for me. It contained one large (think two peas) hunk of tasty caramel, but the rest of the scoop was, to the best of my awareness, caramel-free. Not only was it caramel free, it was also essentially flavourless. I would have expected a vanilla but no, I think it's more likely that this is their "milk" flavour, which was not only flavourless but was also rather icy and not very creamy.  As I was paying, a guide brought a tour group into the shop.  Certainly not Mary's fault at all but the group were completely disorganised and there were FAR too many of them to cram into such a small place. Really poor form of that guide. If this is a common occurrence, I would think Mary might want to institute a system similar to the grocery stores near schools in order to ensure that the whole shop doesn't descend into chaos on their arrival.
5	Love the place and the staffs are really nice. I ordered the hot milk chocolate with hazelnut ice cream, which is a perfect combination.
