2	This was a first meal in Montreal.  We were underwhelmed.  We started with the lobster bisque.  The wife is a big fan of lobster bisque.  We've have a lot of lobster bisque in a lot of places.  The wife was not happy with the reddish saltwater we were served.  Not much better after that.  I had the mussels and frites which were good.  The girl had pizza (not so good) and the boy had chicken fingers. He didn't like them, because strangely, they tasted "weird".  After trying them I told them that was because they were freshly breaded and fried and not frozen.  In other words, I told them that's how chicken is supposed to taste.  He thought I was crazy.  At that moment I couldn't help but wonder if maybe I really was a bit off my rocker if I thought we could bring teenagers to a place without a McDonalds.  Where's that Tim Hortons?
3	Great location.  Right on the square for great people watching.  Relatively affordable.  The ONLY place during our trip that featured a happy hour.  That's why we hit it up.  And the happy hour really only entailed a regular size beer for the price of a baby size beer, but whatever.  My husband had pizza; it was ok.  I had a pretty solid bowl of french onion soup.  It was A-OK by me!
1	Expensive food (most probably microwaved) and is not worth it.location is great and the place itself is nice but food is horrible.a mistake of hungry tourists.
1	I have to admit that not many places I have gone to warrant such a poor review but this place was for the birds yet I don't even see the dirtiest of seagulls eating the scrapes off my plate. I should have figured it was bad when only Two tables had customers. Hell, the only reason we picked this dump was because I was getting cranky from hunger. The only thing that I enjoyed was the bread and beer. Hard not to when it cAme from a bottle.  We ordered a piece of sole with almonds and chicken in a maple glaze. It was more like watered down maple syrup. The chicken was so over done that it was unpalatable. I ate as much as I did only because I was starving yet I would not have tortured the local homeless guy with my leftovers.  I ate better food out of a MRE. If you want fish that is more satisfying, go to McDonald's and buy a fish fillet sandwich. It will have more flavor and a much better value. The only thing that upsets me more then the poor food is the price of the meals.  I would give it no stars but I want people to look at this review and the run away as fast as you can.  This place is truly a blemish in the beautiful city. If the french are so proud of their food then they need to quickly shut this place down before people begin to believe French food could be so bad.
3	Good location in Old Montreal.  In the tourist area but still nice.  We read the reviews after we sat down and were worried but my meal was fine.  I had their maple and cider chicken which was fine and had good vegetables (I changed from rice to salad and the dressing was very good).  It wasn't the best meal but perfectly acceptable given it was in a very touristy area.  Staff were friendly and attentive.  Prices were reasonable.
1	Oh dear. We went here because the other establishments were overpriced and full. Well, that should have been a clue, n'est pas? We were seated near the entrance and were already sipping our iced tea when we were forced to move to accommodate a large party. The thing that vexed, however, was that the man told us that the hostess hadn't known that there was a reservation for a large party. This was patently untrue, as we had been listening to the hostess catch the attention of the 8 men and their subsequent deliberation over whether to eat here or forge onward. Alas, I believe it was Xavier Gorostiaga (?) who wrote that the cultural value placed on truth telling in the USA is simply not shared in other places (to the detriment of capitalism, of which he was no fan). True that, in my experience. The meal was entirely forgettable and we were quite sorry that we hadn't chosen a better location, but that event was not. On the upside, the new X Men film was being filmed right outside the restaurant.
1	Eek!  Me thinks not sums it up well.  Terrible food!  Worse service.  Told the waitress my son had a sesame seed allergy.  I asked her to make sure to share this with the chef.  She brought my son a lobster roll and told me there was absolutely no sesame it was perfectly safe and that she'd spoken to the chef.    One quick look at the lobster roll and the bun was covered in sesame seeds.  Unbelievable.  The poutine was cold and the cheese was lumpy and cold (not melted).  The whole things was terrible.  The waitress added her own tip to the bill.  Don't go there.
4	We found the restaurant staff to be friendly and helpful on our Monday evening visit.Mussels Provencal for appetizer, which was very tasty. I had grilled calamari, which were delicious.  My lady had lobster roll, which was too heavily spiced.  We're from New England and prefer just lobster and a little mayo!  Creme Brulee for dessert capped off a lovey dinner in a nice setting.
1	Stay away! What a horrible experience. It took almost 20 minutes to get the menus. Once we finally got to order it took over an hour to get our appetizers. There was no reason for this. The restaurant was over half empty. The food was not good. Not horrible, but not worth the money. To top it all off they pull a very common scam with their "veal", it is actually pork. This place obviously relies on nothing more than its prominent location in old Montreal and the fact that so many tourists come through that area. You would be better off going to any of the other restaurants in the area.
3	One shouldn't expect too much from restaurants centered around the main touristy drag of a city. I've found that these restaurants are typically expensive and low on service but that might just be me.We started with a tasty platter of cheeses which included four local cheeses I forget the names of. Except for brie, all others were new and I quite enjoyed them, especially the goat cheese variant.We had a variety of mains. I got the pasta Arrabbiata(don't know why I order that dish), and it was expectedly very ordinary. Others in our group got mussels and a quarter chicken respectively. Overall the portions were decent and the food was A-OK.
5	Went there for New Years and had a great time. The food was great. The service was great. And somehow they timed it perfectly so that we left with 15 minutes before the countdown. Just perfect. I've seen some bad reviews of this place here. I don't know, maybe they've turned over a new leaf because my experience was excellent.
2	At first I was actually confused about why this place only got two stars--the food was relatively good, the service was friendly, and then I got my bill.What was advertised as 2-for-1 draft beers turned out to be way more complicated than buy-one-get-one-free would seem. Yes, you get one free, but only the same person does, so you're required to have two beers each. No bother, I probably would have had two beers anyway. But our server didn't tell us that. We heard it from a server at another table.Fine, two beers each. Then our bill comes. Monsieur, there are four beer charges on our tab. Oh, he says, you had the pint. The special for the pint is that you get it at the price of the glass. It's the glasses you get 2-for-1. Nevermind I never asked what size you'd like or told you about the special. To me, when happy hours get this complicated, it's just not worth it.
2	The 'special' was not so special (too many conditions). They also pre-added tip. We would of tipped more...
3	Had dinner here out on the patio. Location was excellent had a very good view of the performers while eating. Server was polite and kind even though we were obviously tourists. The food was excellent and priced similar to other restaurants nearby.
