5	So when we went to La Belle Provance we passed this place but it isnt open yet, i was disappointed because who wouldnt want Pizza in a CONE?? incredible idea. BUT when we were at Osheage they had a station set up!!!! I had to have one! And let me tell you these things are frikkin awesome. I wish we had one in toronto........ They only had pepperoni and cheese avail because of the sheer volume of people that were eating, obviously no time to make special ones. But they are just brilliant. So easy to eat, not greasy AT ALL and delisioso!! lol When i go back this place better be alive and well cause im coming in! p.s. they also have dessert KONOs!!!! i want one so bad
3	Tried this place today. Service was nice and courteous, pizza freshly made to order. Prices were a bit steep with a Pizza cone coming in a 6$ (+tx) and a trio (I took with salad with a coke - props for glass containers) costing 10$ +tx. The salad was very fresh and delicious. I'm afraid the same cannot be said for the pizza. It might be a matter of personal taste, but the texture of the pizza cone's contents just wasn't all that appealing to me. The cheese and sauce mix was kind of a sloppy mixture of melted meh. I personally prefer the crusty texture that cheese takes on when consumed flat, so this new approach was kind of new. The pepperoni used was very bland.I'm still willing to try again possibly moreso for the dessert, and especially if the prices are adjusted.
5	Yum you have to try it. Loved the cheesy margarita the sauce was just the perfect amount a bit garlicky very tasty. The cheese was oozing out and delicious the dough was crispy and chewy, just right. The desert kono with nutella is loaded with nutella, I couldn't finish it. The owner was really nice the place was very casual good seating area great music there's a table outside with 2 chairs. U get 1 for 5 or 6$ or one kono with choice of desert or salad with drink for 10$. Try it out it's an awesome Italian concept !
3	I had the basil pesto kono and the meat lovers which was the weekly special. I have to say the crust turns out being nice and crispy on the outside. The toppings on the pesto one were nice, the pesto was good. The meat lovers made all the top bacon and meat have a nice crispy texture, combined with the gooey cheese, very nice. This concept is not without issues however. I found it nigh impossible to take a bite out of it, and keep your mouth on the cone to prevent the toppings from spilling out without dunking your nose into hot cheese or meat. Any significant bite from the cone also will send toppings spilling out of the side of the cone you're not eating from. So... the way I could see them improving this pizza cone.... is by not putting it in a cone at all... Maybe cut into it and lay it flat like a normal slice of pizza? 5-6$ for a novelty cone of pizza is also a bit steep. The soups looked interesting enough that I'd go back and give them a try. Oh and if you want a laugh, get your order to go in their to-go box. Be thoroughly entertained as they assemble what is perhaps the most over-engineered piece of cardboard ever seen. So wasteful to see how much cardboard they use to pack just 4 cones to go...
4	I have to say, the original idea didn't really impress me, it seemed a little to hyped. However, I was looking at this and that on Urbanspoon and came across their reviews and some of the answers from one of the partners. I was immediately impressed at how eloquently they handled negative comments. It made me want to try a Kono.I finally went by, and within moments the young gentlemen behind the counter began to explain to me the concept of the Kono with some details on the different options available. I could get a pizza Kono (pizza style toppings in a cone crust), or a deli Kono (typical deli meats and cheese in a cone crust).It was lunch time, and so I decided to go for their Trifecta special which is a Kono, a side salad (or soup, or a sweet Kono) with your choice of drink for 10$. I ordered the Carni Kono for myself and a Tacchino - smoked turkey - Kono for my bf. I had a choice of several side salads, a regular green salad, couscous salad, bean salad and crudities. I went with a bean salad and pesto pasta salad. I loved the choice of drinks, diet coke, San Pellegrino, very little limitation, in fact, the only limit was that I couldn't choose the Odwalla. I had a nice talk with Ted, who eagerly told me about their groupon for today (1/2 price on Kones) and told me more about this mysterious cone I was about to indulge in. They make everything possible from scratch and have a high commitment to using quality ingredients. Once home, I eagerly unpacked our lunches and bit into my Carni Kono. Like some people said, it spills out the side, that is good sign to me, it is packed with deliciousness. What spilled out wasn't just tomato sauce, it was chunks of bacon and pepperoni, it was cheesy, and I was pleased!The salads were both good, in my opinion the bean salad was great because the salad dressing was on the side and so I could adjust the acidity to my taste preference. The pesto salad had a generous portion of pesto on it, which I loved!Overall, I will definitely go back to Kono and would love to try their soup and one of their sweet cones!
4	I pass by Kono every day and have been meaning to stop in.  Today I did, and it was great! The man behind the counter greeted me, and asked if it was my first time here.  He then explained that I could choose any item on the menu, or create my own cone.    He showed the 'dough cone', and said they use all the ingredients you would normally use in traditional pizza. The service was very good.I ordered the trio (which is a cone, soup or salad, and a drink for $10).  There are a variety of salads to choose from, including pasta salad, lettuce based salads and a few others.  I had the Mediterranean salad, which kind of reminded me of a variation of tabbouleh.  It was made of parsley, cherry tomatoes (nice and ripe! not like those giant white centred things claiming to be tomatoes that you often see :P), red onion, cucumber and dill - it was served with a lemony-oil-vinegar dressing on the side. It tasted very fresh and light.   I had the pizza kono #6, which was filled with cheese, tomato sauce, vegetables and pepperoni.  The crust was nice and crispy (I didn't think it would be!), the sauce was flavourful and the cheese was nice and gooey.. mmmm. The center of the cone really holds in the heat, so chow down with caution.Definitely recommend!
3	Very unique, the oven is a marvel, must do some research where this comest from. Good ingredients nice service. Eat with caution, it's going to be HOT! Though fun I prefer my pizza square.
4	I visited Kono Pizza tonight, along with 2 friends, and was greatly surprised by the great quality/price of this fast-food restaurant. I ordered the Carni cone as my main course, and the Nutella Rosso cone to satisfy my sweet tooth. They both tasted delicious - The cone/crust was crisp, and the amount of filling in both cones was definitely satisfying! Props to this restaurant for its originality: Pizza cones are now, thanks to Kono Pizza, something that I will recommend to all of my friends. Will certainly visit again!
4	I was worried it was going to be just a novelty experience, but these kones are good!I had the completo, which is like a supreme or all-dressed pizza (as you would call it here) and it was good. It was very hot and full of toppings - I had expected it to be more of a gimmick meal, but I was pretty satisfied with it. I got the trio which was less than $10 and included a drink (they've got a good selection of drinks, not just the normal Pepsi, etc) and a dessert kone. The dessert kone is where it's at.I had the classic dessert kone, which was OK (it comes with chocolate and custard) but my girlfriend got the chocolate one which was FULL of Nutella - I would definitely get this next time.I went around 12pm on a Thursday and there wasn't too many people there, so we got served pretty quickly which was good.
2	Kono is definitely unique - I mean, even I was immediately drawn in by the idea of Pizza in a cone! But the idea has some pretty serious drawbacks for the lunch-time crowd.For one, it just doesn't feel like a lot of food for your money. It's a specialty product, sure, but you can walk down the street and pay less for a footlong from Dagwoods, or pay a few bucks more for a huge plate from Thali. They have some nice combos and a huge place to eat-in if you so desire, but I must admit I'd rather forget the frills and just have a bigger cone. Service is slow - the custom cooking machine only goes so fast - but the real downer is just the pool of oil that forms midway through the cheesier cones. Can't really recommend eating this without a couple of napkins in hand. They do have glass-bottled coke and a full latte machine setup for the caffeine enthusiasts, though.All in all, I give Kono credit for the idea. It's really different and inviting to the crowd who is used to seeing big plate-like pizzas. But for the money it's just not an ideal lunch option on Ste. Catherine.
4	Novel concept. I had the basic cheese one - and it was pretty great. Can't speak for the restaurant itself since I only tried it at Osheaga, but would definitely re-purchase.
4	I was starving and looking for a place that seemed quick when I first landed in Montreal and stumbled upon this place. At first I didn't know what to expect, but the owner was there and told me all about Kono and the concept. I got the pepperoni and it was really good. The end of the cone was kind of greasy and messy, but it was a great place for a quick bite to eat and some tasty pizza.
3	Pizza cone! What a fun concept. Had the cheese/original cone. The execution fell a bit short--the cheese didn't have the gooey melted quality I expected, and the bottom of the cone was kind of watery. But still happy I got to try it.
5	Such an awesome place and great idea! Come here for lunch on every trip to Montreal. The owner is so friendly and helps you create whatever you want. Dying to try one of the desert Konos.. Yum!
