4	I always enjoy the exhibits at the Charlotte Art League's Caleidoscope Gallery. I checked out a graffiti art exhibit there a while ago and was very impressed. They made a whole experience out of it - with a DJ spinning and graffiti-splashed walls. During exhibits, you can also view the work and studio space of artists who work from the Art League's space in South End. The Art League also offers art classes for adults and teens.
4	New Exhibitions start each month, I think.  I'm here at least every other month.  Artist Studio/Booths are in the back and there is usually at least one artist there even when events are not going on!  They may not have a good AC system, but even on a 95 degree day we could tolerate the heat for the short time we were there... Yay!  I'm a fan!!!
3	I've been in here a few times. Most of the stuff is pretty much the same all the time. The way this place works is artists have booths where they display their stuff for show and to sell it. The walls and displays up front seem to change up more regularly and there are some comfy old seats to sit and chill. The variety throughout is great and there's always something to catch my eye in here. I like looking at art and deco and when it comes to art, it's just what each of us makes of it.That said, my 3 stars is in no way a judgment of the art. I honestly don't get that feeling of awe in this place. I noticed other reviewers mentioned events on exhibit days and all. I've been in here only on the weekends and kinda expected something to be going on but every time it's just been me in the gallery. I would definitely throw up 4 stars or more to this place if I was there for a DJ spinning the tracks to an awesome experience. I've honestly mostly felt awkward walking around in here. But it does have a great chillaxed atmosphere and I would suggest augmenting that with some regular music throughout the day.
1	Censored art. The board  for this club wants dumbed down art that doesn't offend their sensibilities. But....just butt.
3	This place is so cool!  I wasn't expecting there to be much of any art scene in Charlotte and then I come across the Charlotte Art League on a gallery tour and am newly inspired!  It's such a great concept where local artists can come and rent out space to display their work or practice their craft.  Each of the booths have their own little spin and it was really cool to even see some of the artists on site while they were painting, drawing, sculpting or whatever it is that they love.  It's a great place to go to just stroll around and get lost for a bit.We came on a Friday night where they were celebrating Mardi Gras with free appetizers and the employees giving out Mardi Gras beads for fun.  I definitely enjoyed going there and would love to come back when we have guests from out of town to show them around.
