5	Randomly wandered into this place and color me impressed.  Had a big macaroon ice cream sandwich with the strawberry-lichi flavor.  The ice cream and the macaroon were fantastic.  This would be the next Magnolia Bakery sensation if it was in New York.
4	originally i was going to give this place 3 stars b/c for me, it seems expensive. but then i've come to realize that these are normal prices for macarons - crazy. this place was a little intimidating b/c it was crowded and everyone seemed to be getting huge boxes of macarons. it was pretty good and i got some chocolate/caramel one, but i like la maison around the corner better for some reason - more crispy? better filling? nicer personnel?
5	delicious! my friend's significant other grew up in paris and after extensively exploring macaroon spots in canada claims that this is the bakery that comes closest to offering parisian style macaroons! point g is the cutest little bakery - a ton of macaroon flavors that rotate (salted caramel is a store favorite but they had a ton of flavors including apricot, lime, balsamic vinegar, rose, currant, chocolate, chocolate sesame, etc!) and are featured to the right while a large array of interesting gelato flavors (mojito was a standout and foie gras caught my eye!) to the left. super friendly service and a good amount of seating to enjoy these tasty delights! a must try!
4	We ate dinner at Europea.  We caught a Cirque du Soleil show.  We hiked to the outlook on Mont Royal.  We even giggled our way through a free exhibit about sex at the science museum.  But the undisputed highlight of our long weekend in Montreal?  The French macarons at Point G.I am a macaron junkie.  I need to have my macarons just so - crispy thin shell with a chewy interior, not too big but not too small, not too thin but not so thick that it looks like you're biting into a miniature version of a triple-stacked hamburger.  Point G's macarons are perfect.  And the icing on the cake is that they have over a dozen different intriguing flavors.  My favorite is the caramel fleur de sel, sweet with a slight buttery taste.  Try it.  It will rock your world.As if the display case of rainbow-hued macarons weren't enough to send me into a tizzy, they also have macaron ice cream sandwiches.  Whoever thought of that should get some kind of award.  You choose a flavor of ice cream, they sandwich it between two slightly larger strawberry macaron halves, and serve it to you in a cute little boat fashioned from a dried leaf.  It was so good, we ate ours and then immediately went back for a second.The sole reason Point G get 4 stars instead of 5 is that their packaging frankly sucks.  If you order 9 macarons, they stick them in a clear tube.  Sure, it looks pretty, but on the walk or ride home you'll discover that the tube is roomy enough for the delicate cookies to rattle around, resulting in broken shells and much sadness. Speaking of broken macarons, it's worth noting that the store sells packs of broken or otherwise imperfect macarons for $2.  It's worth it if you don't care about the appearance of your macarons.  After all, they're guaranteed to be in your tummy in less than a minute anyway.
5	Prior to visiting Montreal, I made sure to check out yelp to see if there were any places specializing in macaroons and I found Point G.  I went to their website, which was exclusively in French, but thankfully, macaroons deliver a universal message of deliciousness and I was hooked and knew I had to visit.  On our last day in the city, we drove over to Mont Royal (a very hip and trendy street) and I strolled into Point G.  This cute girl in a pink shirt (I'm not sure if this was intentional but she matched some of the macaroons and gelato) waited on me.  There were less than twenty flavors of macaroons to choose from but I wanted all of them.  It was a tough decision, but I chose a caramel fleur de sel mac and their flavor of the moment, the saveur something or other (I was told it was elderberry); these were $1.25 each.  I also bought two bags of broken up macaroons for $2 a piece.  They didn't have labels but I'm pretty sure I bought lime-basilic and vanilla (my one complaint was that these weren't labeled).  These were delicious.  I am not a macaroon expert by any means because, well, I have never had a store-bought macaroon before this trip.  Bakeries just don't really sell them in the Central Massachusetts area.  If you say macaroon, it's all about that other coconut-thingey.  Macaroons are not easy to make.  I've made them at home and they take a lot work, specialized ingredients (almond flour, pistachio flour, etc.), and you only get about 35 macaroons out of each batch (which are smaller than the ones at Point G).  Even though they are small, $1.25 Canadian is a good price for them.  By the way, the store is wicked cute.  There is an Eiffel Tower made of macaroons in the window and very vibrant colors throughout.  I loved it all!
5	Thank you yelp for helping me find the most delicious macarons I've ever had and thank you foursquare for scoring me a free macaron just by checking in! Of course, one free macaron led to $40+ worth of macarons for me to bring home to socal.  Point G makes macarons with the perfect consistency.  I hate when macarons easily crumble apart with first bite, it's quite saddening. But this wasn't the case here.  We got two boxes of 20 macarons with various flavors but my favorite were lemon and strawberry.   We also had a berry smoothie which was quite refreshing, perfect beverage after a day of biking around Montreal.  Definitely worth visiting if you are a fan of macarons.
5	By far the best macarons in North America!!!! Went to Montreal over the weekend, and insisted that we go to this place. 22 pieces for $33??? You can't beat that! Yes I bought every single flavor except the Caramel-Chocolate. Buying the savory pack is a must. Artisanal in every sense of the word. It consists of WHITE TRUFFLE/ POTATO, BACON PRUNE CONFIT, PARMESAN GRILLED BELL PEPPER, OLIVE & PEPPER, FOIE GRAS, and BALSAMIC VINAIGRETTE. The best one is white truffle, my least favorite was balsamic. You can skip the LEMON and APRICOT flavor, they were the least memorable ones. CREME BRULEE was delicious and so was POPPY FLOWER - surprisingly. Either way you can't go wrong. I love how their boxes have a picture diagram of all the macarons that they have on the inside of the box. It's all to cute and quaint and not to mention, decadent but gulten free!FYI - its easier to know a little french coming into this place. The young ladies behind the counter are helpful and nice but you can tell they had a bit of trouble explaining the flavors to me in English.
5	They have the best macarons I have ever tasted !!!
4	I went to one and only Point G macaron boutique in Montreal.  This place and Maison du Macaron are very close to each other.  * Note to people living in the GTA: if you want to try them, Point G macarons are imported from Quebec to a store called Sweets by Marlene in the Heartland Towncentre, Mississauga.The store is very small and cute.  The girls working there were snotty, but hey, it's Montreal.  They have 22 flavours to choose from, I tried 6 of them and they were all fresh.  Moist centre with a crisp shell, with very distinct flavours.  Flavours I had were: lavender-blueberry, poppy flower, cassis-blackcurrant, creme brulee, lime-basil, and roasted pistachio.
5	OMG, the BEST macarons I have EVER had in my life.  The perfect chewiness, and the AMAZINGGGGG unique flavors, all combined so perfectly- wow.  I do not know how they bring out the RICHNESS of the flavors SO WELL!!!I bought 6 packets to give to my entire family (even FedExed them) over night, and everyone LOVED them.I have not had better macarons anywhere else- this is a MUST EAT when you're in Montreal!!!
5	We went in because the store looked so adorable. It was very small, and had maybe like.. one table to sit at.Once we saw the menu and their display, we fell in love. We bought a box of 6 to split it 3-way (two macarons for each of us). The box was so adorable!!! I had the Caramel (Fleur de Sel, their most popular flavour) and Cafe Espresso. Both were deliciousss!!!!! I love that they're not too sweet and the caramel wasn't too filling. The cookie was made perrrfect. Unfortunately, I only had these two :( :( :( I never went back, due to lack of time during my stay at Montreal. The guy working there was soooo nice also. He knew we were tourists, and he was patient and so polite. A+++
5	A store solely dedicated to macarons and gelatos - hello, I am in heaven.  My SO and I were walking along Mont Royal when we came across Point G, I insisted we walk in.To my surprise they had macarons!!!  I just LOVE them.  We bought a 6 pack (for $9) and picked our favourite flavours.  The Pistachio and Sel de Caramel were lovely.  The Lemon (citron) were divine.  The other flavours, I forgot what they were since we gave them to family members to try.  They really enjoyed them.I will definitely come back to try their gelato.  It is such a cute little shop.  Make sure you visit Point G if you are in the Montreal/Mont Royal area.
5	You will want to move here if you love macaroons, and if it were not for Aux Petit, I most definitely would.  They have a lot of different flavors, but the chocolate sesame and pistachio are my favorites.  The cookies are rich yet light, and not excessively sweet.  The ratio of cookie to filling is just perfect.  Stop in and grab a case (or two) of 20 or you will want to kick yourself afterwards.
4	This cute little place has the yummiest macarons I've ever had. The texture is so...right? I'm no macaron connoisseur but this place seems to do it right. They have soooo many flavors to choose from. You can get 6 for $9 and there's balsamic, pistachio, maple, creme brulee, chocolate etc. One bite and you are in heaven. Rich in flavor, sweet but not too sweet, filling just oozes in your mouth, while the outer shell has a softish nice crunch cookie taste. Macarons....are...the best. I have yet to try their other desserts like yogurt and ice cream. But I would definitely come back for their macarons. It's worth every penny.
5	I love the variety of macarons Point G has to offer. I'm used to the ONE shop in Boston carrying macarons with a measly five flavors. Needless to say, I was quite excited to see the 22 flavors Point G carries. In addition to the 22, they make assorted apertif flavors such as foie gras and apple cider and balsamic vinegar. Excited by the sheer abundance of colors and choices, I purchased a box of 20 for $28 dollars and I am so happy that I did. As a matter of taste, the only flavor I did not like was Poppy Seed Flower. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the Balsamic Vinegar macaron. It may sound strange or disgusting but it tastes divine. You can very much taste the balsamic vinegar but it is mixed with white chocolate - creating a very chewy, chocolatey macaron with an interesting kick. All macarons start off with a crisp shell and a chewy center. The flavors start off light but gradually build in your mouth as you chew for a creamy, delicious finish. Other flavors to note are the Salted Caramel (so, so good - a must have) and the Maple flavors (also a must-have although we went during maple season so I don't know if they always have this flavor). Both are creamy and absolutely delicious. The lavendar flavor is also very good. It is filled with a light lavendar jelly instead of a buttery cream - as most of the others are. The raspberry flavor is also filled with a light jelly instead of cream. In general, all the flavors are great with the exception of Poppy Seed Flower (it's the fluorescent red one). I didn't like it because it reminded me of play dough...However, I am in love with these macarons. Between my boyfriend and I (and my box of 20 macarons), we tried almost all the flavors -- (and they were all so good!!!). I think the only one we missed was Apricot and some of the other apertif flavors which they did not have that day. Definitely will return when I am back in Montreal.
4	This is a nice, cozy store. The  macaroon sells for $1.50 each. There's a very large selection of flavors and the lady working there was very helpful by helping me translate each flavor. I ate them days after getting them and they were still very delicious! I would definitely come back again if I'm in the area.
4	i applaud Point G for the sheer vastness of their macaron display, so enticing with all the magical flavors and trippy colors. i wanted to sit among the many macarons and build colorful macaron snowmen: 3 'rons stacked and then shoveled into my mouth.i got a box of 6 for $9 canadian. the coffee was my favorite, salted caramel wasn't as unusual tasting as i thought it'd be and was too normal, and the bright purple currant fruit flavored 'ron was terrible. but maybe because i don't like currant--i didn't know that until i tried the macaron. now i know. i took off a star because i like my macarons to have a thin light crispy exterior with a really soft and slightly chewy center. these were kind of soft all over.regardless, next time i'm in montreal, i wanna try every flavor. every flavor BUT currant.
4	Nice selection of macaron, especially if you are a fan of some of the wilder flavours.
5	As soon as I stepped foot into Point G I was mesmerized by the all the different colored macarons and the variety of flavors I could choose from!  They were all so beautiful.  I felt like Charlie in the Chocolate Factory.  I was ready to eat everything!!!I purchased 6 for $9 and I regret not getting more.  You have your pick of flavors from nutty to fruity to savory Point G has them all.  Foie gras, curry, vodka cranberry, maple, pistachio, orange blossom, lavender blueberry, salted caramel, dark chocolate, and the list goes on!  These macarons are absolutely delicious!  From the flavors of your first bite through the crispy shell right down into their chewy center your taste buds will be yearning for more more more!  I believe they even sell gelato here but I didn't even get a chance to look at it I was too excited about the macarons.Make it a POINT.....to drop by Point G!
5	Who doesn't love fresh macarons? These are little rounds of pure, sweet goodness. My favorite is the Maple Syrup. I also love them all - even the Fois Gras, which I would never eat in any other form. This is one dessert worth buying from a place that knows how to make them - you really can't duplicate them at home or from a grocery store!
4	We picked up some macarons from Pizza Mia at Atwater Market ... they were Point G ones. A great mix of flavours like balsamic vinegar, lavendar and my favourite.. poppy flower! They are tasty and quite fresh! Would definitely buy them again!
5	I went to this nice place, and i will go many time. I had the maple syrup macarons and was Delicious.
5	C'est magnifique!These vibrant morsels were absolute pleasure for my palate and eyes. Like a kid in a candy shop, I waited patiently in line for my turn, while greedily sampling the freebies, elbowing + gently shoving adults nearby to reach out for another tasty morsel.They're so delicate, yet complex: three layers of distinct texture all melting in your mouth. Perfection in every bite. No flavors will disappoint!
5	This is a review of the Point G stand within Jean Talon Market: the macaroons are excellent here. The almond powder they use makes each macaroon the lightest and flakiest I've ever had. My wife and I were on vacation and we decided to splurge and buy one of each flavor (20 in all) that cost $28 in Canadian so that we could enjoy them all week (and take back the leftovers).
4	OMG, Its what I was looking for!Great macaron! I love their Macaron so much!!And now I am so regretting that I've only gotten 10 pieces and I'm already in my city. I miss Montreal so much.First, when we got in this place(Of course, I looked up this place on Yelp!) my husband was freaked out with the colors on their macaron(but I think its kind of normal color for macaron, isn't it?) very bright and most of them arae in vitamin colors.I was pretty sure but for our peace of mind and just make sure, we asked what kkind of color they are using for their macaron. And the answer was "all natural color".Now, I've tried and I do not taste anything artificial(Im very sensitive...my hubby as well), also mentioned earlier, I am so regretting why I only bought 10....
2	I was looking forward to trying macarons from here after reading all the great reviews. Unfortunately they were not worth the hype and were way too sweet. They were very fresh, soft and chewy even after being left in the fridge but taste and selection was disappointing. They don't have green tea or strawberry or other basic flavors. Definitely does not compare to Butter Avenue or Nadege in Toronto. Not worth trying again.
5	I am not a macaron comnaisseur, but this shop was my baptism and revelation.  They probably put some drug in it because i've been having withdrawal syndrome since ;).  I can't stop thinking about those smooth, tasty and perfectly moist pieces of sweet pleasure.  And the shop is just as beautiful.  Should have bought 50 of them instead of 10 ;P.  Definately coming back.
3	Went there for the macarons, wasn't very disappointed.My favorite was the Roasted Pistachio and the Lavander-Blueberry ones, all the others are just WAYYYYYYYYYYY too sweet and impossible to eat without a cup of coffee or tea.It is not too pricey and all their macarons tasted pretty good; they were just so sweet that many flavours were covered up... x_xOther than the diabetes-inducing amount of sugar, it was wonderful.
5	Pierre Herne in Paris has a serious contender. Fantastic place. I wish you guys come to vancouver. Best macarons in entire North America
5	One of my last stop before leaving Montreal.   First time here.  I am very particular with macaroons, from how the shell should looks like, how the texture should be to their flavors.  I always takes all that  into account when i try out different macaroons place.  Honestly I didn't  have any expectations going into this little shop.  Cause everywhere in Toronto the places where people raved about the macaroons usually turns out to be pretty disappointing.   That is until I try Point G.   OMG....   Seriously this place easily taken the "award" of having the best Macaroon north America.  (if there is such an award).  But this place must have the best i have ever tasted in Canada.  I am now back home in Toronto kicking myself for not buying more then just a box of 10.  This is a place I will come back whenever I visit Montreal. Must visit to Point G for their macaroons.  You will not regret your walk to this little place.
4	I got gelato, several macaroons, and some confection they invented (which they proudly touted as gluten free). My friend who I gave the confection to LOVED it. She gobbled down the whole box - they look like colored corn nuts but they are chocolate covered crunchy bits of some sort. They have blueberry and maple syrup flavored ones - I got both and my friends really liked them. Gelato is good here too - they are generous with their portions. Macaroons weren't outstanding here. But then again, I am comparing them to laduree and I don't like macaroons that much. I think this is a nice place to go into if you're craving dessert in the area.
5	Delicious macaroons and lots of flavours to choose from. And at $1.50 a pop I have no complaints about this place!
5	Amazing macarons: perfect structure, a mix of mouth-watering exotic and familiar flavors, all at a very reasonable price. There was the perfect subtle almond taste from the flour, and the fillings were all incredible. Like the ideal structure of the macaron, there was an empty layer of air between the shell and the filling that almost defied gravity, and the inner part had just the right chew. A must-visit for any macaron lover, or fan of desserts in general!
5	I visited the shop on Easter and had an excellent experience. The woman working was super friendly (when I asked the price she told me i wouldn't have to pay tax if I purchased the $10 box), smiled at my poor attempt to speak French to her and kindly spoke English. My only complaint is that I didn't buy more!! Cute shop, will for sure visit again next time I'm in Montreal.
5	Shut up and take my money. A quaint and colorful little store located on a busy street in downtown Montreal, Point G is your typical trendy bakery of modern chic and classic good baking. They have a bright display of freshly made macarons as well as prepackaged ones that are frozen in boxes. They also had a few shelves of miscellaneous jams and bottled condiments, but let's be honest. I was too busy being distracted by the assortment of macarons. Eyes on the prize, my friend. I picked out 20 some macarons and they stuck it in an award-worthy patent-type plastic container that I credit as the sole reason for the survival of my macarons after one international flight, a weather delay, a second leg cancellation, an unexpected overnight stay in my layover at NYC, various accidental arm swinging action on my part, and an offensive bumping of luggage into my box by a hurried fellow airport passenger.  Yet somehow, 24 hours later, I lifted the macarons gingerly out of the box to find them all intact and in pristine condition. Someone give the packaging inventor a pat on the back. Favs: Maple, pistachio, Madagascar vanilla, caramel fleur de sel.
3	The shop is very nice, presentation is thought-out, and lots of flavors are available. The macarons themselves are ultra sweet, and I didn't like that. Everything else about them was perfect- crunchy shell, soft inside, and generously filled, but the flavors and taste just didn't do it for me. And I bought 10 of them, all different kinds. The only one that I actually enjoyed was the cherry flavor, seemed more authentic tasting than anything else.
4	I love love love this place! I went in there to get a bunch of macaroons I tried pretty much all of the different flavors and not one disappointed!! I would recommend this to anyone looking for delicious and very reasonably priced macaroons.
4	Really good macaroons. They are definitely on the sweet side but that's how I like it. Quite a decent variety (including one decorated like a bee for the kids). Great price! 1.65 each, or 6 for 10. Reasonably close to metro stationTakes credit cardWe went twice during our 3 days in Montreal
5	This was my first macaroon experience, I've since tried macaroons at a place in North York near Yonge and Finch and now I know why this place is so special. The macaroons here melt in your hand on the way to your mouth! Not litterally but they're so delicate and soft that it seems like they're melting. Then the explosion of flavour. People are complaining that these are too sweet here.... guys isn't that the point of the macaroons??? A sweet treat??? Maybe I'm just a macaroon noob and it's more about the flavour, but the flavours were bang on too!
5	Delicious macarons for only $1.65 each?  YES please!  It was so hard to control myself and only order 4 macarons, but boy were they tasty.  The 4 little treats were placed in a paper bag (no box), but the box of 6 costs more than $1.65 each, and the box of 10 is $1.50 each. We got the Sea Salt Caramel, Ti Punch, Lime Basil, and Orange Blossom.  They all were beautifully decorated and have the perfect texture.  Delicate and soft but still strong enough to hold themselves together, they don't crumble when you take a bite.  The sea salt caramel had a perfect balance of caramel and sea salt, where one doesn't overpower the other, the Ti Punch had a fruit punch and a slight hint of rum, the orange blossom tasted aromatic and slightly citrusy, the Lime Basil was the only one where the lime flavor was so strong I couldn't taste the basil.
4	I love the macarons at Point G - so beautifully decorated! Only ~$1.50 each and 22 unique flavors. I bought a box of 10 and 6 for total $25. The texture is so delicate and soft, yet doesnt break when you bite into it, with just the slightest crunch in the shell. All the flavors are very prominent and natural without being overly sweet. My favorite was Tire D'erable (Maple) - didn't think I'd like this one but the maple syrup flavor was so strong without being overly sweet. The Chocolate Caramel and Chocolate Sesame were very rich. Salted Caramel had some actual caramel in the middle. Lavender Blueberry - couldn't taste the lavender but was pleasantly suprised by the kick of the slightly sour blueberry jam in betweenThe only ones that didn't stand out as much (but still good) were Pistachio and Apricot Black Tea.
5	The staff is quite friendly and welcoming, as well as the atmosphere of the this nice little spot. Upon walking in, it's vibrant and full of colors, well lit and tidy. Not to mention the the nifty bit of pun in the name "G spot", I got a kick out of that. They have an immensely large variety of  flavors. Absolutely phenomenal!  I was very pleased with the selection and quality, the over all service, and atmosphere. I've been to some of the macaroon places in the US and this place just takes the cake in all honesty.
3	My friends wanted to try out some macaron places while we were in Montreal and of course I was all for it, so we picked out two locations to try. This one and Maison Christian Faure for the next day. The place was really cute and nicely decorated with lots of different macaron flavors to choose from. However, I didn't prefer the texture which was more of a cakey texture than a chewy macaron texture that I like. On the plus side, you can still eat these macarons after a week and they still maintain that cakey texture. If prefer that texture, then this would be the place for you.
