3	First time going here recently and I decided to check it out because I was next door at Yogurtland and wanted a mani/pedi.  The look of the salon is nice.  It's modern, seems to be clean but is also very crowded.  Now that being said, it isn't cluttered, there is just a lot packed into a not so large space.  On to my service: I had my pedicure first.  Decided to get the basic spa pedicure which was $30, I consider that to be fairly standard for the level of pampering I received.  For $30 you get to sit in a comfy massage chair, get the standard soaking, cuticle trimming, nail cutting/shaping and also callus scrubbing.  The massage was nice, but nothing amazing and then the woman painted my toes with great care.  Moving on to the manicure and that is where things get a little dicey.  Now, first off let me say that this salon was busy busy which is a good indicator of the quality overall of their work.  There were 3 women getting elaborate 3D nail art done, and apparently that is Wild Orchid's specialty because they had 10+ books of past nails they have done.  However, I was given the lady who obviously handles less demanding tasks such as manicures and she definitely needed more training.  I asked to have my nails match my toe nails, but I wanted a gel manicure due to its longevity.  She chose a shellac red color and proceeded to begin my manicure.  After cutting my thumb cuticle badly enough that it bled, I started to get worried.  She took approx 15 min alone just to trim my cuticles but also cut another finger.  Trying to not be a diva I just tried to ignore the strong stinging feeling I had when she put the base coat on my nails.  She began painting my nails with the gel polish and I kid you not spent 5 min on 1 single nail trying to fix it, then repaint then fix it again!  After getting through the base coat, she proceeded to add the glitter to my nails.  Well, her technique was really lacking and I couldn't communicate with her that well so I got up and asked one of the other girls doing 3D nails if she could explain to my lady what the problem was.  The girl came over and completed my manicure, and did an awesome job.  My nails basically look like Dorothy's Ruby Slippers from Wizard of Oz and are smooth!  In the end my nails turned out great, but I was in the salon for 2 hours when I should have been done within 1.5 at the most.  I will go back and give them another try, but hopefully I'll be important this time to get a manicurist who has been properly trained.
3	This salon isnt cluttered at all, it is always very busy though. So its suggested that you schedule an appointment.  Wild Orchid specializes in 3D nail art and their nail art is amazing! but very pricy! If you want something simple, i definitely would NOT go here.. for my nails, i just got gold glitter tips and they were $75.00. Wild Orchid is definitely somewhere i would recommend if you want outrageous nails.
5	This is the nail salon to go to if you are a fabulous diva! Lol! Wild orchid specializes in over the top 3D nail art!!! These girls are on the cutting edge trend of true fantasy nail art. I have been going here for 3 years now, and I am obsessed with the job that my manicurist does on my acrylic nails. She is so talented and creative! However, I do suggest you stop in the salon to do a little research and choose who you want to do your nails. Some of the manicurists only specialize in acrylic nails and 3D art and some only work on natural nails. It's always best to make an appointment because they get especially busy in the morning and after 5:00pm. If you don't have the money or do not want to spend the extra money for these nail art services, then please do not waste your time or the manicurists time! These girls have spent their time educating themselves on new/unique services to offer their clients and they have the right to be able to charge whatever they want for it. You aren't going to find their skills anywhere else.  In my personal opinion, I think they could charge more because of their skill level. Check it out for yourself if you want truly unique acrylic nails! :-D
5	Very very friendly staff. The women in there were really cool and sweet. My cousin got her nails done by Jenny, she was cool as f***. And my cousin was very HAPOY with her services. I forgot who did me(sorry!) but my s*** stayed on for weeks! I was so shocked at how good of a job they did! I would definitely come back.
5	Wild Orchid is fantastic! I have long natural nails (no acrylics) and so generally get a manicure, pedicure and french manicure gel nails on both hands and feet. The gel material they use here is high quality and lasts at least 3 weeks, sometimes longer. I don't get any crazy colors or any nail art done because of work (and it's just not really my style) but I have girlfriends who get the nail art done and it looks lovely.The staff here is very friendly and have always been very accomodating/sensitive to my schedule. They generally try to perform both my manicure and pedicure at the same time for maximum efficiency. Very sweet.
5	This place is beyond amazing! I am going back today for the second time because my gel nails are still intact and its been over 3 weeks! I got a pedicure and a gel manicure here and it was only $55 which I think is an amazing price.  I have paid a lot more and had my nails last only a short while.  I defiantly recommend this place to everyone. =)
5	Love that the classy atmosphere... A great place to get fancy. Love they have so many selections of colors, and offer fancy charms to make your nails extra special! Linda gives the best pedicures! She is a pro at getting hang nails. She's so great I don't feel a thing. Have a great experience every time I come...
1	I came here a couple weeks ago for the first (and last) time for a gel manicure. Bad experience. Made an appt, and was seated immediately with a tech when I got there. I asked her to be careful as my nails were currently very weak. The first part of the manicure went fine. However, when she put on the first layer of color, I noticed it didn't look good. Among other things, it had bumps in it, like you occasionally get with regular polish. When I pointed this out, she said she would fix it. She then proceeded to add the last layer of color and clear sealant, and my nails looked worse with each layer. At the end, my nails looked horrible, like I had painted them myself with my left hand. I told the tech I didn't like them, at which point she proceeded to "fix" them, using the drill (on my already weak nails) on the bubbles. She ended up removing the color in some spots, and then proceeded to put on another layer of the clear sealant. At this point I was so frustrated and terrified of her making my nails worse, so I just asked her to remove the gel. She did, and I left after an hour and a half and $20 with my nails looking worse than when I came in.
5	I really love this place, Laurie is amazing! I also love the atmosphere, everyone is so nice! They def make you feel at home.
2	came here few years ago. older lady did my pedi. cut too short it was bleeding ! felt bad. I didn't say anything. but I got light headed. room was spinning. I start sweating. I showed another lady my bleeding toe. all she did was put some green liquid on it. I still tipped. felt bad for the old lady
5	Extremely nice staff. Clean environment and incredible nails. The 3-D is expensive but it lasts forever. You get what you pay for.
4	I saw the deal on yelp thought me and my friend would try it out .... The atmosphere and decor is very nice... We were greeted nicely... They have a great selection of different nail designs!!!! The prices are a little high but with the yelp deal it wasn't that bad ... My technician seemed annoyed by me because I wanted a lot of different things ... But my friends technician was very friendly and talkative she made jokes and adressed us by our name... If I come back I will ask for her.... Jenny!!!
5	This is THE place to go for elaborate, blingy nails!!! I went there for the first time last week and was blown away! Jeni is the lady to ask for, she's incredible and friendly. Check them out on Instagram @wildorchidnails their work speaks for itself. If you like extreme 3d art, you will not be disappointed! I will be coming back here every single time!
5	Great customer service! The atmosphere is relaxing and welcoming. The technicians are willing to go above and beyond to accommodate customers. After surveying several nail salons in Vegas, this has become my go to place!
1	SHORT REVIEWI did not have a good experience at Wild Orchid, because they initially lied about the service I would receive, they ignored my questions and service requests about fills, and did a poor job on my gels.***************************************************************************LONG REVIEWFirst I walked in and I asked if they had immediate availability for an acrylic fill on my hands and a gel fill on my toes. They gave me a verbal yes for immediate assidtance theb stated they would use their pedicure chairs with massagers for the pedicure. I ended up having a small wait for the acrylics and assumed they would move me to the pedicure station after.Second when my manicurist began my fill I asked her if I needed to get a gel fill with my acrylic fill, becuase I had gel over my acrylic set. She ignored my questions so I thought she did not understand me. I explained that I had gel polish over my acrylic set and that I only wanted an acrylic fill and regular nail polish this time. She almost started taking off my acrylics to start a gel manicure due to the communication barrier. Once I stated "No, I want a regular acrylic fill with regular polish" she understood. I was confused if she was attempting to give me the more expensive service on purpose or if she truly did not understand. When it was time for my pedicure they only brought over a portable foot soaker instead of moving me to a pedicure station. I asked for a gel fill in my toes. I stated very clearly that I wanted to fill the gels with the same color and did not want a new set. They kept encouraging me to get a new color and finally the pedicurist just started taking off my gels instead of doing what I asked for.Finally the gel pedicure came out horrible looking with bumps, ridges and transparent areas. I was happy with how my hands looked at the time of service even though I was not provided a UV light for my manicure (regular polish over acrylics). Today (next day) my polish is smudged and matte (not at all shiny) and I am very unhappy overall with Wild Orchid.TL;DR Wild Orchid technicians will lie, avoid questions, ignore and attempt more expensive services than requested, do poor gels and don't provide UV lights.
1	DO NOT COME HERE.  I have never been so upset by customer service at a nail salon. Firstly, I was told I would be assisted in a couple of minutes and I end up having to wait at least 20. All in all I had to switch stations 3 times as they were deciding who would help me.  I wasn't particularly chatty this day and I could tell my tech didn't think I would tip well (which isn't true because I always tip 20%) and she seemed to be talking about me to the other tech.  I intended on getting a pedicure too but decided against it when I realized the level of service I was getting. My friend unfortunately went for the pedicure and they didn't even put her in the massage chair.  I was afraid my nails weren't being done correctly because the paint seemed really thin for a gel manicure and my nails were flimsy. I just went with it though because I tend to trust people unfortunately.When it was time to check out the tech told me it was $45. I spoke up because that seemed high and she changes it to $40. I tipped $8 and all of a sudden the tech told me she needed to file my nails a little more. This confirmed the bad tip theory. At home I checked the prices online and it says a gel manicure is $35. I was irritated I was lied to just to insure she received a tip.  I sincerely wish I could wear a button that says "Relax, I know how to tip."  I called and let them know I would be coming in to get the difference within a couple of days since i live on the other side of town. The lady on the phone said it was fine. The next day a nail breaks because they are so flimsy because she didn't do enough coats. The next day another nail loses half of the gel coating. This is the day I come in to get the refund and get it fixed.I walk in expecting them to make things right. Instead I have to wait about 15 minutes while they decide who will help me. The original tech doesn't even acknowledge me she only talks about me. Finally a tech takes me to her table. She tells me they usually would charge me but they won't this time. I am really confused now because why would they charge me to fix the hack job that they did. I also told her I am getting a refund and she tells me "no refund will be happening here today because I'm not charging you to fix this." While she is fixing them the manager comes over to give more bad customer service and tells me I was charged correctly because of the color I picked. She tries to convince me I actually got a "hard gel" instead of "gel." This is funny because my nails are falling apart from this "hard gel" manicure and the color ring I chose from was not different than the others and I clearly said I wanted a gel manicure. She also gives me attitude by saying "Oh, you never showed up or I would have told you why you weren't overcharged." I had to remind her I told her I would be coming within a couple of days. She was extremely condescending  then spoke to my tech in their own language and left. Then the original tech came to talk about me again right next to me. My tech then told me that everyone wants her to charge me for her fixing my nails. The new tech was nice enough to make my nails look much better than the original tech. The whole experience was a nightmare and I really don't know how they stay in business.
5	You know the saying " what you pay for is what you get  " ? I am extremely pleased with the experience I got from this nail salon &  this will be my new nail salon place ! I will not stop going here . This is not a regular nail salon these nail techs they are very unique and great with what they do !! Ask for linda she is awesome and very sweet she'll do her best to make you extremely satisfied and feel very welcomed in !!  I ignored the bad reviews and seen all the great pictures it won me completely over!
5	This place has been my nail salon for over 7 years. I have never been disappointed once. I love this place!
2	I'm only rating this 2 stars, only because Linda saved them from having 1. (Only cause I can't go any lower) First off I was referred here by plenty of my girlfriends, I normally have my go to girl but I needed my nails done like at that time so I drive 20 minutes out of my way to wild orchid. I walk in NOBODY CUSTOMERS so of course I was like yay no wait. I was asked what would I like done I told them pedi and fill. Linda starts my pedi and half way in my pedi I get told sorry can you come back tomorrow there's nobody here to do your nails. So now I'm kind of upset if I would have known that I would have never started my pedi. Then as I was getting ready to leave Carey told me if I'd like her to do my nails she will right after her client she was working on. I waited an hour and I gave up o was so over it that I wasted my time. Whether someone was booked or not at the time of them asking me what would I like to have done I feel I should have been informed that there was an appt coming in or whatever. I'm beyond annoyed still. To top it off for a BASIC pedi was 30  I think with Carey's work they have became really cocky and stop caring about new cilents. The attitude in here is really not welcoming at all.
5	I love coming here been coming here for a while now and I'm always super happy when I leave...kiry is the best and the staff are always super nice love Linda and ana too
