5	This place was great.  The employees were so nice.  They really took their time. They didn't charge for all the small extras. The massage chairs were fantastic.
5	Went withy sister and my niece. Great experience! Everyone was so friendly! Very clean. The massage chairs were so comfortable. Will definitely return!
5	Very cute nail salon... very clean.  They've only been open for about 4 months.  They're in a 2-story shopping center on the 2nd floor next to the new Whole Foods.The staff was very friendly.  I got a gel french manicure and it looks great!  The manicurist was very meticulous.  He was also very nice and talkative.Prices were very reasonable ($30 for my service) and I received a loyalty card... 7 visits and I'll receive a free pedicure.  So just an added bonus since I would go back regardless.
5	I walk into a very attentive nail spa that is very clean, attractive and without nail polish fumes.This is my third time there and the nail technicians know me and my friend are both there for a pedicure. I relax in the massage chair and forget about my stressful day. No wine or beer is offered but the awesome foot and calf massage makes up for the lack of libations. In fact my friend and I bring our own libation of choice and indulge in the experience of a real pedicure other salons can't offer.The attention to detail in my pedicure is the most important factor in my reason to return for the third time. I detest hasty pedicures for 30 dollars and I promise this is not the case with Jade Nail Spa. One of the best for the price of 25.00 dollars on a basic pedicure and yes this includes a paraffin soak. I promise a no disappoint if you give it a try. Just be sure to bring cash when you go.
4	Super clean, modern nail salon with friendly and attentive service! The attendant gave me exactly what I asked for without skimping on quality or rushing through the service although I was a [very late] walk-in. Prices were reasonable and you get a loyalty card after your first visit. A+!
5	Oh my goodness how I love this nail salon. I feel like I've been to every nail salon in Charlotte and I really don't feel the need to go anywhere else anymore. Jade is right across from South park Mall and on the second floor of this little shopping center. Parking is tight but I've always been able to get a spot just fine. The salon is a good size with lots of pedicure chairs! And I've never had to wait a long time or been told to come back in two hours (*cough* Ballantyne Nail Spa)Technically, they did a great job on my nails. But I still say Michael at Modern Nails in South end is the best at acrylics and for a while was the only person I let touch my nails. However, I was always a tad uncomfortable at Modern. Here I feel good and at the end of the day, experience is just as important as the technical work. Everyone at Jade is just so sweet. They're all friendly and very accommodating. Pedicures are wonderful and they do amazing nails. I took my cousin with me several times and they did really pretty nail art for her. Oh and I got  my first eyebrow wax here and I'm kind of obsessed with them right now. As painless as waxing gets and a great flattering shape.
5	I used to be a Polished regular, and don't get me wrong, they do a decent job and the wine is plentiful, but after going to Jade a few times, I'm a convert.  For $35, you get a deluxe pedi that includes callus treatment, foot scrub massage, regular massage, a hot stone treatment, and a seaweed wrap or wax dip.  And they spend about an hour pampering, filing, polishing, etc. They've got all the good colors/brands, and the other nail services are just as well done/inclusive.  The only problem is when they get busy, the wait time can be lengthy. That can easily be solved by making an appointment.  No wine, but the massage chairs are some of the best.
5	First of all they were open on Labor Day!!! Then they were so busy, yet treated each client professionally and with a smile !!!!  Prices reasonable and worth the wait!
5	I almost hate to write this review for fear that the salon will get too busy :-) But of the four different nail salons I've tried in Charlotte, this was the very best. Very professional, clean, and pleasant. And reasonable pricing too!
3	Sadly after going to this salon over the past few months since my initial review, I believe it has gone downhill slightly.  The salon seems to be overly busy (which, for them, is a good thing) but they just do not have adequate staffing in order to handle the increased business.  I usually do not have any issue getting in on a walk-in but this past Saturday, the place was just slammed.  Granted, I could have made an appointment but I'm not even sure if that would have helped as everyone who walked in was waiting at least 15-20 minutes regardless of an appointment.  And honestly, I'm not even sure of their appointment process since people called constantly when I was receiving my service and they just tell them a time and hang up.  They do not write it down or have techinicians waiting for these clients.  They just continue to take clients in the order that they walked in.  It is very strange.This past Saturday I was there for almost 2 hours getting a regular gel manicure.  My main issue is that they're just not upfront about wait times for walk-ins.  I know since I'm walking in, there is always a chance I'll have to wait and I'm fine with that.  But had I known it was a 30 minute wait when they had me sit at a nail station, I would have simply gone back later.  After waiting 15-20 minutes I was about ready to leave but I had already waited so long that I just stuck it out.  I at least hoped that once a technician got to me, my manicure would take less than an hour.But the technicians are also just very slow.  A girl getting a simple polish change was sitting at the station next to me for 45 minutes.  I appreciate them taking their time but a polish change is a quick service; it should not take 45 minutes.  And my manicure from start to finish took about 90 minutes.  The debacle on Saturday killed my entire afternoon and I wish they had just let me know it was a 30 minute wait.  They do good work but it isn't worth the wait unfortunately.  I will try to give them another chance and make an appointment this time to see if it possibly reduces my wait time.  I highly advise against walking in without an appointment as it will result in a lengthy wait.
5	This is a great salon!  They really take their time, be sure to allot enough time.  Your nails will last forever and the price is great!
5	I've been a regular at a different salon in Pineville for 4 years; but after one visit to Jade, I'm switching. The $35 deluxe pedicure is incredible, and includes so many great treatments (hot stone massage, paraffin, etc). The salon is bright and clean, the staff is friendly and they have all the OPI and Essie shades you could want. Lastly, the loyalty card gets you a free pedi after only 7 visits; most places are ten.
2	Would have given this place 5 stars until I overheard the two Vietnamese girls talk crap about the patrons in the shop. There is a shorter one with a nose ring and the other heavier girl with blonde highlights. There are only two Vietnamese girls in the shop. They call people fat and talk about the little tip clients give them. I tipped Eve (awesome I love her) $10 everytime which I thought was good but the two crap talking girls said it was too low. Geeez talk about ungrateful and ugly...
4	I went to this salon for the first time a few weeks ago, and overall I'm very happy with the experience. I got a gel manicure which still looks great nearly 2 weeks later (yes, gel manicures are supposed to last 2 weeks, but I've had them done wrong before, so I was very pleased at how great these are looking at the 2 week mark), and matching pedicure which is also still looking awesome.The salon is reasonably clean with nice pedicure chairs and a large screen t.v. facing the clients at both the pedicure and manicure stations. They over good quality polishes like OPI, etc. I think my technician was a little peeved that I didn't really want to talk to her, but she got the job done right. They aren't terribly fast but do a great job, so no complaints, though I wouldn't pop in there if I were in a rush. They also have a "frequent shopper" card where after 6 (I think?) mani-pedis you get a (non gel) mani-pedi free, which is nice. Being in the middle of South Park is really convenient too if you're planning dinner/shopping afterward, though the actual parking lot in the complex is a HUGE pain, as is trying to get in and  out of it.My main reason for docking the 5th star? They are pretty busy, which is great for them, but I don't think making an appointment would actually help you skip the line. Like many a strip mall nail salon I've been to, these technicians are more concerned with filling seats then honoring appointments. I went after work on a week day (I get out of work a bit earlier than most, so I was able to be there slightly before 5), and I was sat immediately, but there were a few women who walked in after me who CLEARLY had an appointment and were made to wait due to the other walk-in's and I who were sat immediately. Even though I benefitted from the whole situation, that kind of customer service always puts a bad taste in my mouth.Basically, great little salon with decent prices if you can make it there in the middle of the week, but I wouldn't depend on it if the only times you can get there are during peak hours.
1	I want to give this spa a ZERO because I just had the worst experience of my life. Ever wonder what someone looks like with NO LEFT EYEBROW? I can show you. I have about an 1/8 inch left. And I have thick, dark brows. And by the look on the employees face when she saw it, she KNEW it was terrible. And no, I do not need them to fix it, I'll end up having no brows at all. Thanks jade. Way to screw up my FACE in a way that is unfixable.
4	I like this place. Eva is very friendly and professional. And she did a good job to my gel manicure. The price is reasonable so I will go back again.
1	My girlfriend took me there today for a pedicure. During the pedicure, the message chair was very difficult to control and pressed firmly in strange places like directly under my butt. Also during the pedicure, the lady giving the pedicure attempted to message my right calf by ramming her thumb repeatedly in one spot. Her terrible messaging was so forceful that bruises developed in that area and I have been in pain since I left. I wouldn't recommend going here.
4	I am out of town on business staying at the marriott and wanted a nearby nail salon that how I came across jade on yelp. They were very nice and clear on prices. I revived a pedicure with parfin wax for 25 they called it they basic pedicure, I had option for deluxe for 10 dollars more which included hot stone massage. They were nice, no pain ( they even were conscious about my blister from walking around town and my coworkers extra ticklish feet) couldn't have lucked into finding a better nail salon on the fly, we will be returning there every time we come into town for business.
3	CLOSED. I just went in and she unlocked the door and told me they closed yesterday. I thought.. Can you give me a quick pedicure anyway? Wah!..
5	Bummer just found they closed! I enjoyed going here for my pedi's! Winnie was great! Does anyone know where she is now?
