4	Run by a Belgian pastry chef, Cafe Bleu is an interesting new addition to our collection of Edinburgh cafes.Their specialities are freshly prepared savoury and sweet tartes, but they also showcase some unusual soup combinations (sweet potato and peanut butter, anyone?!). I stopped in for breakfast and was served a lovely plate of smoked salmon and eggs.I'd recommend you pop in, particularly if you're a fan of pastry treats.So overall, we said: "I found Cafe Bleu to be a really charming little place. Another relative newcomer, its challenge is to get the message out about its existence, as it's in a slightly betwixt and between location. Hopefully, this review will help, as I think it's a place that's well worthy of your attention."
5	I came across this place by accident on a Sunday a morning a few months ago, rushing about and just needing a coffee; I think that I've gone to it every weekday morning since then. The owner is a gifted pastry chief, and I enjoy them every now and again, but what really strikes me is the care that he puts into everything, including my morning americano. He makes that coffee with the same intent that he makes his tartes, like it's a high end chemistry experiment.The food is also great - ask about the fig and sweet potato soup. On top of it all, the owner - who is always there - has endless amounts of enthusiasm for what he is doing; I'd probably drop in just for that alone.
4	Southern Belgian, French inspired cafe.The charming owner is ever so sincere in preparation of all menu items, inclusive of the many delectable pastries & cakes on display.  This is an amazing one man show where he is the jack of all trades in every part of running the cafe.  The ample care he puts in, does show.  Cappuccino, waffles, chocolate cake average four stars me :)  I usually go the savoury route for breakfast, a full scottish or eggs benedict kind of gal.  But it was hard to deny such a cheerful recommendation, so that was that.  The waffle batter was a good homemade one, non of that perfectly shaped processed nonsense.  What impressed me were the ever so fresh seasonal berries and fruits, carefully selected and cut for an impeccable presentation.  Coffee was better than good, the man knows how to do a cappuccino.  Chocolate cake was scrumptious.  The slight quirk in decoration paired well with the cozy home- away from- home feel.  One of a kind genuine fellow who knows how to keep customers coming.
