5	Sally is the best!She worked on my shoulder. She does a great job with all sort of problems. Not just tense backs! Sports massage, weight loss techniques, she will give you good advice on almost anything you ask This place is really relaxing, you feel like heaven on the way out. I recommend this place 100%! I don't think I've ever felt so good walking out of anywhere in my life...Do yourself a favor or do someone you love a favor and get pampered at Therapie!
5	Today I had my first "breast massage"after a double mastectomy (Nov.) and expanders for immediate reconstruction.  Before I went in I had limited mobility and the constant feeling of an elephant sitting on my chest. After the breast massage by Sally the simple task of getting dressed was easier. When I got in the car I noticed improved mobility to drive and the elephant on my chest was obviously taking a break. All I can say is "ahhhh!" Sally blushed when I called her a miracle worker, but Sally is not your traditional massage therapist she is one who is extremely caring, very excited about providing these treatments and thorough in her theraputic methods. Sally also has a wealth of knowledge in the world of all types of massages. I am looking forward to the next one and I will be recommending her services.         Bette G.S.
5	I was referred to Sally Spurgeon by my oncology surgeon after having a bilateral mastectomy with the placement of expanders (first step in the reconstruction process).  I had developed "cording" under my left arm which was very painful.  I felt like I had a huge 2X4 lodged between my arm pits.  The entire chest was extremely tight and painful.  Breathing was difficult.  Sally is very knowledgeable and caring.  She definitely loves being able to provide the treatment that is so beneficial.  I could not believe how much relieve I received after my first session with Sally.  I could BREATH!!!  The tightness was eased and my range of motion improved greatly.  I cannot imagine what this path would have been like without the experienced, caring hands of Sally.  She has made this experience much more tolerable.  Thank you Sally! You are really an amazing person!   C.B.
5	Okay here's another good review this place. Thank you thank you thank you.  Esteban was great. He is really good.  I was a mess when I got there, he was able to handle the task and had the strength needed to make me feel better  well worth the money.
5	Joe is the best!  He is very passionate about massage and very educated.
5	I can't say enough great things about this place. Esteban is an amazing therapist. Spend the extra money and get an 80 min Therapie massage. His knowledge and skill is definitely worth the price. I also tried Jen and she is equally as talented. I was exhausted (in a good way) when I left just because she had released so many knots in my body. Sally is one of the sweetest people I've ever met and just as talented as her staff. I sent my girlfriend to her for a breast massage after her mastectomy and she felt so much better after. Do yourself a favor and make your appointment now!
5	I'm a local spa professional and I've heard about Therapie for years,. I finally made it in last week, and wasn't disappointed. I had an 80min massage with the highly-skilled and very friendly Esteban and it was perfect, exactly what I needed. The space is more smallish and local feeling, and very well appointed. You can feel the love and care in the walls, and you can tell that each detail was attended to thoughtfully. From the quiet waiting area nook smartly tucked away from the front desk and retail, to the handicap accessible shower and multiple restrooms, to the larger than usual massage rooms with perfect lighting and plenty of space for both you and the therapist...it was just lovely. Therapie sacrifices nothing in terms of service while still being a cozy spa that you can truly feel at home in. I'll be back.
5	I am so glad to have found this place. The place is quiet, beautifully and tastefully decorated. The best part is of course their therapists and the wide variety of modalities offered. Being a therapist myself, I was very impressed by the professionalism and truly therapeutic feeling of the whole establishment. Michelle worked on me today. I had a wonderful and gentle cranio session, just what I needed. Can't wait to return to see her again and try the other therapies as well.
5	I booked a session here for my mom mothers day weekend, Sally (0wner) was very gracious answering all my questions via phone my mother left feeling amazing and couldn't stop raving about Tamika (therapist) who met her needs and took excellent care of her
5	I had my first massage at Therapie on Saturday-what a great experience!!  I am a breast cancer survivor and my Dr highly recommended Therapie.  I called on Friday and Sally, the owner agreed to come in on Saturday to do my massage-she is absolutely the BEST!!  She explained, as she massaged, what she was doing and the benefits. This will help me do my own massages between my sessions with her. I learned sooo much about my body and the importance of staying hydrated ALL the time for my health and healing. The office and staff were very welcoming. The massage/spa room was exceptionally relaxing, comfortable, quiet and clean.  I would certainly recommend Therapie to anyone needing or wanting a great massage-they offer many different types of massages. Read their reviews here on Yelp, visit their website, then make your appointment!!  You will be glad you did, and wonder why you waited so long. I know I am starting to sound like an advertisement, but I just cannot say enough good things about Therapie-you must see for yourself.
5	I had read the reviews and decided to try Therapie.  I needed a relaxation massage. I called 1st thing in the morning and was seen by the afternoon.From the moment I called to make the appointment,   until the moment I floated out the door I couldn't have been more pleased. Tamika welcomed me, then helped me decide which service and which therapist would meet my needs. Michele gave me the most wonderful 80 minute massage. The facility was immaculate. The sheets and table were the most comfortable I've ever experienced. The environment was peaceful and serene. I highly recommend Therapie. Although, I chose a relaxation massage there are many therapeutic options available.
5	Friendly staff, soothing/calming spa environment, EXCELLENT treatment and knowledgable practitioners
5	Update: I went to Therapie again a few weeks ago and wanted to give a shout out to Michelle! Esteban has left (moved out of town) but I've since had two massages with Michelle, and a back scrub, all DIVINE! :) I left walking on air and loved the rest of my day. She really put me at ease, listened to my requests, and overall did a fantastic job.
5	Beautiful massage spa with professional front staff, amazing product (I love you epicuren) and the best massage therapists.   Go early bc there's a relaxation room to spend time in before the massage that has a heated table to relax on, detoxifying crystal and a relaxation chair with headphones to mellow out and get ready for massage. Already booked my next appointment and am incorporating a body wrap as well.  If you're coming straight from work, no problem there is a shower available.
5	So... I have been here twice in the last year, and I got to say, everything was great! Prices are very reasonable for the quality of massage that you receive and they have specials every month. Both times I have had Michelle with the 80 minute Trio massage. It is the perfect combination of deep tissue, hot stones and swedish massage. She also worked on some problem areas that I had mentioned at the start of the session. I have gone to pricier massage facilities in the past and never have I experienced a facility and staff this great. Booking is very easy with the online system that allows you to see what time slots are available. Very handy for a busy schedule! I feel relaxed just walking into the building now. I cannot wait until I go back!
5	I gave YOUR info to ALL the Hilton Grand Vacations Club employees on the 57th floor telling them I'm getting a southwest airlines credit card and coming back to see Sally monthly! She's that GOOD
