1	They will try to charge you a $180 fee and refuse to do work unless you pay ti when they are only supposed to charge $60 for home warranty jobs. The pretend regulations require the $180 disposal but it is a scam (see: http://www.lasvegassun.com/news/2009/aug/22/dont-pay-disposal-fee-old-ac-compressor-units/).  Also, if you are a home warranty customer, they totally back burner you.  Very unprofessional customer service and technicians.
1	First, you have to be transferred to so many people before finally someone can understand an issue. I have had service to my water heater and to my air conditioning. The water heater guy was a complete cocky a**hole, not only called 10 minutes before the last possible time he could be here (they told me between 9-12p) and said it'll be another hour or so, no apology. Once he arrived, he said I needed a whole bunch of "up to code" stuff. When I checked with other companies, they said I didn't need all that. Air Pro had to do the install per home warranty, but I got the un needed charges that I was told by the water heater guy that I "needed" off, it was $120 worth of stuff not covered by home warranty. The comment by Maggie about the "required" disposal for $180 also was told to me, when I looked into it, I found out it's not required and I can do it myself.The man that came out for the a/c was very nice and helpful, no problem with the a/c worker.I have a new issue with my AquaTherm system, something that works with my water heater to keep my house warm....something I obviously won't need to have run in the Summer....but it has been running,and gas bill is 3x what it should be, so I called my home warranty company and they sent the same a**hole from AirPro that installed my water heater. So unprofessional, he said "who installed that water heater, cause they did a good job". I didn't find it funny. He just looked at the AquaTherm and said there is nothing wrong with it, and he doesn't work on those, so I'll need to call the home warranty company back and Air Pro will need to send someone that works on the air conditioning, because it's those people who work on the AquaTherm....so that's what I did. I explained very clearly that it is not the a/c and not the water heater, but my AquaTherm system that needed repair, and I'm no tech, but my AquaTherm works with my water heater, so why does someone who works on a/c need to repair it? So Air Pro sends another person who can't fix it and they tell me it is a plumbing issue and they will have to call and schedule that.....who knows what issue it will be next, but this system running is costing me money each day and the people at Air Pro don't seem to care or want to help.
1	One of the worst plumbing companies I've ever dealt with...plumber came out, first said he didnt have a ladder tall enough to do the job, I told him he could use mine...then he, went to go cut into the drywall in the ceiling, but didnt have any plastic or other coverings to put down over the furniture...said he would have to "come back."  Then, after I told him to go ahead and do it anyhow, he said he didnt see evidence of a leak?!?!  Clearly there was water damage in the ceiling that was extremely visable...what a joke!!!  I told dispatch what was going on, but they didnt seem to care... Glad I took a 1/2 day off work for these people...they are horrible to deal with.
5	We had problems with our heather and our HW referred to Air Pro Masters and they were very professional. They came right away took care of the problem.  Jason the name of the technician told us that we needed a new motor, and it was going to take a week to get it because he needed to order, meanwhile he did something so we didn't have to have heather in this cold weather. In less than a week they called us and informed that they have the part thay they ordered and they wanted to come to install it.  Jason finished the work very professionally and we were very happy with the service.
1	I had a terrible experience with this company. They put me on the back burner since I have a home warranty plan (It took 5 days for a water heater to be replaced). It also took two visits for them to complete the job, which costed me two afternoons of work as a physician (which is about 40 patients).They rip you off ($500 just for the permit, sediment trap, and earthquake straps). The parts/permit are less than half of that, so that's $250 in their pocket for 20 minutes of labor.They are unprofessional. The tech drove off without completing the job the first time. When he stopped at the top of the street, I walked up to talk to him. He drove off as soon as he saw me crossing the street to ask him why he was leaving! When I called the office to find out why he drove off, she lied and said that they were completely out of water heaters. I knew this was a lie, because the tech said he had one on his truck and I saw one there with my own eyes!AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!
4	I was sent to Air Promaster by my home warranty provider after telling them I didn't want to deal with their original provider L&S since they have solid 1 star ratings on Yelp.On a 115 degree day, my downstairs unit started blowing room temp air. Warranty company sent me to Air Promaster. The next day, Jerry turned up within the time window they gave me, and called me when he was on the way so I could miss as little work as possible.  He looked at the unit and determined that it was the fan that moves the air across the cooling vanes that was bad. He contacted the warranty company who approved the new fan. He didn't have one on the truck (said we had an odd size) or in the warehouse, but he'd be back the next day to install it.  I left the side gate open for him, and in the morning, he called me to tell me it should be good to go.When I got home and reset the breaker, there was a noise of the fan hitting something for a couple of seconds, and it still blew room temp air.  I called Jerry and told him, and he said he'd be back in the morning.He called me the following morning to tell me that one of the wires to the fan had been too close to the blades and got cut when the fan came on. He repaired the wire and the air started blowing cold.I was expecting to need a new compressor and only had a new fan. Jerry should have been a little more careful with the wires but did go out of his way to accommodate my schedule and finish up the job after they had my copay check in hand.  I would use these guys again even after the warranty expires.
5	With the weather scorching the Vegas Valley....our AC went out on Thursday night around 11pm.  I put in a service request with my home warranty and was Assigned Air Pro Master.8am in the morning I received a phone call from Kristin, and she told the first available appt was on Saturday between 11-2pm.Thankfully we still had AC on our first floor so I took the appt and dealt with sleeping on the floor one more night. Saturday morning at exactly 11:02am Air Pro Master arrives and fixes our unit within  half hour. By far a wonderful experience!! and my upstairs is livable again!
1	They were sent out to us by our home warranty service, which should have been my first red flag since our home warranty has been terrible.  There was a $60 service fee for them to come out.  They said that the issue wouldn't be covered by our home warranty, but they would fix it for $30, so we would owe a total of $90.  We confirmed with the service guy three times.  We paid the $90 in cash, then got a bill later from our home warranty for an additional $60.  Air Pro Master then said the repair was $90 and we still owed the $60.  From now on, don't trust anything that comes out of their mouth, make sure it is crystal clear in writing.
2	Previously I gave them 5 stars, but now only 2. As the technician just solve the problem with my AC for couple of weeks. So, when he came he diagnosed freon leak. So, he just add freon and even didn't try to search for leak. So, as the leak wasn't fixed by him, the freon that he added leaked after two weeks and again my AC WAS BLOWING WARM AIR.
1	Today, I have just experience the worst service from this company. I am tenant renting a house and the home warrantee company contracted Air Pro to do a repair. Sabrina from Air Pro contacted me to setup an appointment with a time window of 3 - 6 pm. I explained I can do this timeframe; however, I have to pick my daughter up at school at 3 pm and will not return to the property until 3:30 pm the day of the appointment. Sabrina agreed to the terms of this appointment and said she will make notes in the "system" to alert the service person that I wouldn't be at the property until 3:30 pm. I get home and there is a message from Sabrina on my home phone, not my mobile, informing me that it is 3:15 pm, there is a service person at the property and they will not wait. After, contacting Sabrina at Air Pro inquire about this situation, she informs me that this was a missed appoint and there are NO notes in there system. And, she has no recollection of this conversion we had for a same day appointment. Therefore, I am being accessed a $75.00 fee/penalty for lack of incompetence by Air Pro staff. ***Buyers Beware*** this company has a lack of integrity.
5	I've seen a few people complain about them, but my service tech, Jose, did a fantastic job. He explained everything he was doing, what caused my problem, and how to prevent it from returning. He also gave me a warning about what is ABOUT to go wrong, so I can start getting ready for that. (Or, you know, sell the house, since a break in the underground line under the slab of my house could start running into a ton of $$$.) Everyone at their dispatch was very friendly. I'm a fan. I think they did a great job.
5	I had Arreola do my work and it was great. I will ask for him next time.
5	Great service all around! Jose was wonderful! Very helpful & great at what he does. The girls on the phone are very accommodating when scheduling appointments that best fit your schedule.
5	Quick response and techs know what they are doing! Very kind and cut my cost!!! Will recommend to anyone!!! They did various repairs to my home...AC, heater, pool and plumbing. Very reliable. THANK YOU AIR PRO MASTER!!!!
5	This company was sent out for my rental and what can I say I couldn't be happier with the service!! The tech was on time, on point and repair the problem first time around!! That's what I'm talking about!! Thank you I hope I get the same company if any other accidents happen!! Thank you!!
5	A pleasant experience all around. The gals on the phone worked around my schedule and were very accommodating. They explained all that needed to be done and definitely saved me some money too!
5	This company ROCKS!! My home warranty sent out this company and I will ALWAYS request them in the future. The dispatch person scheduled the tech the same day. Jason was my tech and he was so knowledgable and honest. He explained everything to me. I had some follow up issues, which was no fault of Air Pros, & Jason came back out that same day even though he was SUPER busy because I had my daughter'a party the next day. Absolutely excellent service and knowledgable. Recommend Jason - you will be so happy you did!
1	Difficult company to deal with.  With hundreds of options in service providers to choose from you can find an easier company to deal with.  I manage many units here in las vegas, and once in a while you are forced to work with obstinate people.  This is one such situation.  The warranty company forced us to use Air Pro Masters, in my experience HVAC companies branch out to plumbing to make ends meet in the off season and therefore don't usually attract the brightest bulbs on the plumbing side.The apartment in need of repair is empty and has various contractors coming and going performing the work they need to do.  Air Pro Masters refuses to show up unless there is someone there holding their hands the whole time the repair guy is there.  This would never be a problem with a respectable company.  My advice is stay with the plumbing pros and stay away from air pro, unless you can sit around and wait all day for a part time plumber to show up.
5	Air pro masters was sent out by my home warranty company after my upstairs a/c unit failed. Within half an hour of putting in the service request with my home warranty company, I got a call from a friendly lady scheduling a repair for the next day. The technician showed up right in the middle of his scheduled 3 hour window, and was very professional. He removed his shoes when he first entered my home, and after that he placed booties over them every time he entered from outside. All without my asking him to do so! He was thorough and efficient and friendly. Got the air running again, and I'm a happy customer.
1	I just had the absolute worst experience with this company...  My home warranty company sent this company out for a plumbing issue...  The tech didn't introduce himself (I finally shoehorned his name out if him which was Alex), already had a solution in mind without assessing the issue properly or listening to what I was explaining to him the symptoms, finally he was very rude and attempted to speak down to me and talk over me.  One of the first things he said was well if I take this pipe off the water will go all over the floor....  My response was simple.  "Your a plumber and didn't bring a bucket with you??"  From that point on he did everything he could to not work in my home.  In fact I think even if he decided to begin work on the issue, I don't know if I wanted him to since i really didn't have the confidence in him that he knows what he was talking about.  I was very disappointed as I have had pleasant experiences in the past with this company but this one experience will make me not ever want them to come back again.
5	We called our home warranty company due to a plumbing problem, and they sent us a plumber, Oscar, to our house.  When he arrived, on time, I opened the door to and very polite young man who introduced himself, put on his booties, and got to work.  He fixed the problem and answered our questions and was very efficient.  I would definitely recommend Oscar from Air Pro Master for your plumbing needs.
1	Air Pro Master was contracted with our home warranty company. I had an Insinkerator Garbage Disposal with sound muffling go out recently. They came out and replaced with a garbage disposal that wasn't even close in power or features. I tried calling but they said that I'm stuck with this disposal. I'm very disappointed and won't have them in my home again.
1	I have used Air Pro Master 3 times now.  The first two times went flawlessly.  The technician's name was Jason and he was amazing.  Moving on this this experience, I called AHS home warranty as usual to get this scheduled, then called Air Pro Master to find out what time the technician would be coming today.  The rep, KRISTIN, told me that someone would be there between 4pm and 7pm. I told her that I live in a condo and the HOA people leave at 4pm and they have the only access so it would need to be before then.  She said ok, no problem, I'll have a different window of 3pm-6pm for you and I'll make sure the technician is there before 4pm for sure.  I said, "Ok great, anytime before 4pm works, I'm just 5 mins away at my office. Just call me when they're on the way" She said ok great.  Well, then 3pm rolls around and I haven't heard anything so I figure it's better to be cautious and call to check the status.  She said well one of our trucks broke down, so we won't be able to be there til tomorrow.  I said ok, I understand, but why didn't you call me when this happened so I could make other arrangements.  She had no answer for me.  So I called the home warranty people back because she wanted to reschedule for 11am - 3pm the next day.  The home warranty company says this is absolutely wrong and three ways her to be on the line.  The girl at Air Pro Master wouldn't stop yelling at me over the phone.  Absolutely unprofessional, I will tell everyone I know not to use them.
1	I had to use them with Old Republic Home Warranty.What a terrible rude, disorganized and unprofessional company to deal with!I'm seeing what I can do to have Old Republic remove them from their list.BAD NEWS!
1	This company is a joke. They have their heads so far up their asses they can't think straight. The "manager" who answers the phone is a b*tch. I'm surprised you still have your job sweetheart. I would've fired you years ago. I'm not sure who was that unintelligent to hire you. This company has no idea what they are doing. Don't waste your time with this joke of a company.
5	Our home warranty company, AHS, sent Air Pro Master, when our gas FAU wouldn't blow air when we turned the heat on.  They came at the appointed time, crawled into the attic, diagnosed the problem to be a printed circuit board, replaced it, fixing the problem, all done within 1 hour.  Great service !  I highly recommend them.
1	I am an American home  shield customer, I requested service for central heating not working,  the issue was my thermostat, the guy replaced it with a cheaper version of  what I had, so I called ahs, to report the issue, the guy came out again,  told me that h re called the company and the secretary stated that I could have the broken thermostat, and he would leave me with no heat if I wasn't happy with the thermostat. He then proceeded to tell me, that he has a family to go to and that he cannot wait for me to call the company,  and I would have to pay him regardless if service.I am really upset that the warranty company would contract a company with such poor work ethic, I am proceedings to call BBB.I would not give this company any stars,
