1	I just visited this restaurant because I was attending a convention at the Las Vegas Convention center which is connected to the Hilton. We felt like steak so we decided to have TJ Steakhouse which is right next to Casa Nicola, but they were booked and we had to wait for an hour. We were starving, so for convenience my coworker and I decided to have dinner at Casa Nicola.  What a HUGE mistake. I looked at the menu and the price was high for a Italian restaurant but figured the food must be that good.  Boy was I wrong. My coworker ordered a Seafood Linguine (forgot the exact name) and I ordered the Ossobuco (veal) with creamy Risotto rice which is supposed to be one of their signature dishes. (according to their website) We also ordered some napa valley Merlot to compliment my dish. The wine was pretty good, but that was about it. Actually my Ossobuco was horrid. The meat was very tough (this is veal mind you), dry: almost like they had the meat precooked, left out and then warmed it in a steamer or something, and the sauce just reeked of butter. The risotto just sucked and tasted like I was scooping up butter into my mouth. I have not had Italian like this even at Olive garden. At least the food there compliments the price, my dish alone was $37.99. Ridiculous~!!! for the quality of food that they serve here. My Coworker is pretty much a food connesoir and thought the food was horrible. (obviously his pasta sucked too) I do not mind paying good money for good quality food but this place is not that. The food is not just average...it is horrible. I have enjoyed food far superior at places like Maggiano's which is a lower grade restaurant in terms of price than Casa Nicola. DO NOT THROW YOUR MONEY AWAY HERE!!!  It will surprise you how bad it is.
3	In this case, 3 Stars means more like mediocreWe *thought* Barry Manilow was playing tonight & knew we were hell & gone from anywhere outside the Hilton so opted to dine at Casa NicolaSis got soup & salad & reaction was meh, it's okay but not bowled overI got the Penne Alla Vodka & thought the same....wasn't wowed, but it wasn't horrible eitherThe Tiramisu was quite yummy & Sis' Fruit w/ Creme Anglais was tasty as wellMerlot & Zin were exceptional - like any good Napa wineTurns out, Barry ended up blowing off tonight's show & we've been kicking ourselves all evening since we could have had a really spectacular meal somewhere else, instead the mediocrity that was Casa NicolaLesson learned to verify the artist!
2	Yeah I kinda have to agree with the other two reviewers here. It's kinda ok. The atmosphere is not really well thought. The food is okay. I order fillet mignon, it was good. The Caesar salad not so much. It's kinda pricey too.
4	The salad and pink vodka pasta were great .   The meat sauce pasta was soso. The atmosphere was very nice.   I had a $20 coupon from the front desk which helped.Gregorio was very friendly but a little slow on the refills .
1	HUGE RIP OFF!! Food quality and service just OK. Avoid this place if money is at all important to you. Seriously, the pricing is ridiculous, not even Paris or Nikki would spend this kind of money. Not shocking they were able to accommodate my party of 10 at 8pm on a Saturday night - Red Flag!
4	The wine list is pretty deep and cheap for comparable restaurants in Vegas.Veal piccata was excellent, and the apps/salad were just ok.  Service was terrific, making this a four rather than a three star.  I agree that the ambiance could use some work.  Quiet, dull and boring.  Food was good and moderately priced - all things relative.
1	The food was decent, but the place is not very warm or welcoming.The food is expensive and the waiter was rude.
