5	As a treat for my birthday I signed up for a Flash Course: Stir Fry cooking class. The class has a maximum of eight, but only six were attendence in my class. The small class size is appreciated. It allows more time for hands on cooking and one and one questions, etc. We learned about the products we were using, knife skills and a few tips. Plus, everything you need to know about wok cooking. I am a novice and came away with the confidence to cook with a wok at home. We made two recipes: Ginger Pork and Mongolian Beef. I preferred the former, it was light and had a nice blend of flavors. Portions were large I had plenty of leftovers. While we ate our second course, the chefs made sweet and sour shrimp. We were able to taste that as well. There is water and iced tea to wash down the tasty eats and we had a glass of Cabernet Sauvignon to accompany the Mongolian Beef. It was fun, yummy and educational. I'll return with friends for another class.
5	What a great concept!  We tried a demo French dinner and are looking forward  to signing up for some hands-on classes.  The chefs were informative on the classic techniques, while their flavors were inventive and delicious!  Each course was paired with nice wine.  The demo class was a fun and relaxing alternative to just going out to dinner.  Mise en place will appeal to foodies and novices.
5	Booked a group team building event here, which was a huge success.  There was skepticism from my teammates going in.  But, for a very fair price, my team of 14 got to cook and have fun for three hours, and really did walk out a closer group.  Highly recommend for corporate groups or other groups looking for a unique event.  The people there are super friendly and accommodating as well.
5	Came in for my daughter's Girl Scout troop.  There were 15 girls attending the event today.  I was very impressed walking into the store and viewing the kitchen area.  Everything was set up and ready to go for the girls.  What I loved on each side of the room you can look up on the wall to get a close up view of what the chef is doing since there are cameras by her.  We made pizzas, pigs in a blanket, cookies, cupcakes and cake pops.  All the ingredients were in little bowls near a cutting board and each child got to wear and take home a chef hat and apron.  The chef had a great personality and the girls really enjoyed the event today.  The chef had 4 helpers who walked around helping the kids.  The pizza my daughter made was very good.  I highly recommend this as a group event, birthday, party, Mom and child event, Dad and child, friends.  The combos are endless.  They offer lots of classes.  We had so much fun.
5	I love this place!My husband and I had dinner her over the summer....London was the theme...not only is it cool to watch but the food and WINE was AMAZING.Yesterday we took our kids to the kids cooking class where they made mac and cheese, slad dressing and garlic toast......the chefs did a great job with all of the kids....oh and the food was AMAZING again!!!
5	I had a great time participating in the Streets of Mexico cooking class today.  In the past I had attended a Macaron making class when Mise En Place first opened, and the length of the class was too short so I did not really get a lot of hands-on experience.  Based on our feedback, the class got extended an hour for future students.There are many classes that sound interesting here as I get the calendar in my email monthly, but the Streets of Mexico class stood out.  Perhaps it was the ambitious menu - we actually had so many recipes included in the 3 hour course, but also the way to a man's heart is through his tummy and Eric R. just loves Mexican food.The class was set up for 12 but only 7 of us were in the kitchen with Chef James and Chef Trey today, and that was probably the perfect amount of people for the day.  Upon arrival we were offered strawberry lime margaritas and coronitas.  We started off making mango agua fresca (and eventually would have pineapple and watermelon aguas frescas also, and learn about strawberries and cream agua fresca for dessert).  We cleaned corns on the cob for elote.  Then we made flour tortilla dough for our gorditas.  Half the group prepared the carrot-habanero salsa and my half made the green chile-tomatillo salsa.  Then we prepared guacamole and the other group made a mango-tomato fresh salsa.We then cooked up our tortillas for the gorditas while the chefs prepared ground beef.  After we tasted our gorditas, we learned how to make Mexican corn salad and the chefs prepared rice and refried beans.  We roasted our corn cobs for elote, then spread mayo, sprinkled cotija cheese, and Mexican chili powder before tasting those.  Then we prepared corn tortillas and cooked them.  Chef James had prepared pulled pork for the class but since I do not eat pork (and let them know in advance), he had tilapia which he crusted in cornmeal so I could make fish tacos.  We had those with shredded red cabbage...mmm!At the end, Chef Trey made churros and a dulce de leche sauce for dessert.  Everything was very tasty and working with my fellow classmates was fun.  We took turns chopping and preparing different types of ingredients.  The class actually ran over because of the many recipes we tried to cover.  I stayed 15 minutes extra before I had to bolt, but I am really glad I did.  The best part is I got to take leftovers home in a to go box.  Presenting Eric R. with tortillas I made got me the biggest smile so that alone was worth it!  And, of course, watching him devour a tortilla in front of me, happily munching away.I also learned some great tips and techniques throughout the class, such as how to slice a watermelon quickly, how to prevent crying when chopping onions, and how to thicken green chile salsa.  If I can come back to another class, it may have to be the heat class about cooking with chiles.  My 3 hour course (which includes emailed recipes and unlimited photography on your personal camera) cost $100.
3	I got my husband and I a 3 hour sushi making class for his birthday.... it was a cool experience, but for over 150 a person I was kind of disappointed in the days activities. The day consisted of a appetizer course, where we would learn to make edamame, miso soup, and a tempura dish.  For sushi we would make nigiri, regular, inside out and hand rolls.  And there was  to be a sake and beer tasting.  When we got there were about 7 or 8 students, not a full class... we were each given an appetizer to make... hubs and I got tempura.. we did lotus root (cool looking and new to me) but the batter was out of a box. The chef didn't have any tofu for the miso (I don't care for it, but obviously expected it).  The edamame was steamed and seasoned with chili flakes and garlic I believe... Then we make our "fresh" wasabi... powder that you mix water into... Now I'm not a sushi master... I know real wasabi is pricey... but honestly I wanted the real thing. we then made and prepped our sushi rice, and on to the rolls... We started with a cucumber roll... I get it... theres a huge learning curve, so totally botch the veggie roll then we'll move on to the real thing right? not really... For the other rolls we could make we had our total discretion of what went in them... cucumbers and bell peppers, "krab", crab claw meat, pre packaged butterflied shrimp, packaged smoked salmon, but no, I repeat, NO RAW FISH... Again, I'm no sushi master, but if I had one word to describe sushi it would be raw. Our chef told us he had looked for it the morning of, but couldn't find it in any of the markets we went to... I know its not the type of thing you can store in the fridge for 3 weeks... but come on! Cant find a piece of raw fish in the city!?The chef finished the class by making us a dragon roll all to share, with again, a prepackaged bbq eel... I realize thats what 90% of sushi restaurants use... but theres something about just opening all of these packages in front of everyone that just kind of irked me... Its a cooking class.Our class finished about 45 min early, and we were told we could keep practicing, although by then I was really kind of over my "krab".  I wish we could have used the time to make more that just one appetizer earlier in the day.  So like I said, I thought it was pretty cool... learning to roll, but I wish we had raw fish, or even takes about how to select it if we could find some on our own.. We also were gifted a bamboo bowl and rice cutters, as well as a headband and a knife (that we didn't use during class so I can't attest to the quality)
5	My Sister in law brought me here for my  birthday.There is a little office in the foyer and then you step into a big kitchen with a big island that you sit out while you watch the chefs cook and are served. They have different classes and demonstrations and a monthly calendar.you need to make a reservation ahead of time. They are themed which sounds like a lot of fun. This time happened to be Tapas and Sangria night. The Chef first explained to us the history of Tapas which was very interesting. Then he explained the menu in detail. We had two different kinds of sangria and our glasses were constantly refilled. There were 10 different tapas and it was all soooo good! I enjoyed this experience very much. I tried new food that I didn't think I would like but I did ! I can't wait to try some of the other themed classes. Godfather and Seinfield and playing trivia sounds like so much fun!
5	Came to this place the other night for the "streets of Mexico" class and had an amazing time. It was a 3hr class for $100 and worth every dollar. The time went by super fast and we actually went over the 3 hrs. The instructors (chef tre and chef v) were so easy to work with and very down to earth. This place is a good spot for a date or to bond with family members and you will leave full of food and knowledge for future cooking. My experience couldn't have been better and look forward to trying more classes in the future.
