4	Rocco's is one of my favorite take out places in Vegas. Its right in between school and home ... which is not always a good thing.My favorite dish, and my favorite pasta in the whole wide world, is the Paglio Fienno, a fetuccine with shrimp in ala vodka. Effing awesome. Its a little pricey for a hole in the wall, but worth every dollar. I also love the build your own pizzas. They have white sauce. They also have an Italian market, with fresh Italian cheeses and daily-made anti-pasto. Oh, yeah. * off the strip, non-casino
5	I'm sorry that it took us almost 2 years in Vegas to find Rocco's!  They're awesome!  The food is straight out of NY and absolutely delicious.  We've had their pizza, pasta, calzones, baked goods (cannolis are FAB!), sandwiches and deli meat/cheese and not a bite has been bad.  They're all very friendly and I love just sitting there with my family while they banter with one another and customers.  Give 'em a try....you know you want to!
5	Real deal NY pizza at Rocco's. I've found places that come close to NY pizza in Vegas but if I didn't know better I would've thought Rocco's oven was a portal to NYC. I've been here a couple of times and never had anything else from Rocco's but I can tell you it's worth the trip for the pizza.
5	It is as good as it gets in Las Vegas is how the title should read.Great Sandwiches, Cold Cuts, precooked Italian specialties with choice of sauces.   The pizza is flat out the best in Vegas and completes with a New York slice of pie.If you are having parties with all guys have them cater it - you won't be disappointed.Jason
4	I'm a NY's pizza fan over Chigaco's. I like to eat my pizzas with my hands not with a knife and fork. I like my pizzas served on a thin paper plate because I like it to absorb the oil. So when I found out another Rocco's exist out there and I must say it's definitely better than Rocco's on Charleston (http://www.yelp.com/biz/roccos-ny-pizzeria-las-vegas). Simple reason, this place offers tons of varieties. It's a whole deli of goodness and specialties. Not only do they have Rocco's scrumptious variety slices, there are pastas, salads, and sandwiches offered here. You want chicken cutlets on top of your pie? You got it! See anything else in the deli counter you like on your pie? Just tell them to put it on! I travel to this farther Rocco's really because of the service. A pump fist and a slice pie goes a long way in my book.
5	Our friends in Summerlin turned us onto this place. It's amazing. The chef, owner, everyone that works there is a delight. The food was amazing. I wish you guys had a place out here in LA.
5	Still not eating carbs so unfortunately no pizza and pasta for me. I came to Rocco's for the deli and was not disappointed ! This place is totally homey and casual. Random specials are written on take out box lids taped up everywhere, the guy working the counter is pleasant, and there's a mini grocery store inside. I beelined for the deli case and had trouble narrowing it down! Luckily they accomodated my odd order of 1/3 # caprese salad, 1/4# egg salad, and 1/3# antipasti salad without laughing. Bonus points for answering my question politely about what's in the egg salad too (umm eggs?) ! Everything was so delicious! They make all of their own mozzarella in house everyday - yummmm. Egg salad was nice and creamy and simple and the antipasti was a beautiful meat cheese smorgasboard of goodness. My coworker got the chef's salad - huge and comes with a side of homemade ranch. So tempted to buy a pint of that ranch to take home with me next time I stop in!!Also, bonus points for having Dr. Brown's Diet Cream soda ($1.99) - Why does the rest of the world not agree with me that diet Cream Soda is the best drink ever invented? A 0 calorie dessert in a glass? UM YES. So pleased to find my favorite drink in a freaking restaurant !Someday I will try their pizza, but in the meantime their deli case is pretty damn fantastic. Hard not to love freshly made mozzarella and italian goodies served with a smile!
5	Rocco's is the best in town. I am from CA, so i really didn't know what authentic NY Pizza was suppose to taste like. But I heard a lot of good things about this place. After eating here, I came to a conclusion that the pizza, is effing amazing. I recommend  a plain cheese slice. For 1.99$ a slice, you can't go wrong, cuz  thats actually cheaper and better than the garbage they serve at places like Sbarro.You can definitely taste the quality. my personal favorite as far as sandwiches go, is the hot pastrami and corned beef. it comes piled high with swiss cheese, creamy coleslaw and homemade russian dressing. The chicken champagne is also fantastic. The ingredients are fresh, you can taste it in the food, which is what definitely sets them apart from your average local pizza/deli/italian joints.
5	Finally a NY PIzZA place that lives up to the name. I drive from across town just to eat here. The pizza is why i went here which does not disappoint, but i immediately started picking everything in sight from the cases. The meats are cust fresh for the sandwhiches, not boars head but Citterio meat and the fresh mozzarella is the icing on the cake! Love this place wish they would open another location on the east side of town. PS they do accept debit and credit cards, i saw in another review that they did not.
5	OMG! This place is great! First off, I will HIGHLY recommend the pastrami/cornbeef combo sandwich. Not sure what the shop name is for it, but hands down it is the BEST sandwich I have ever had in my life, in the world, for all times!!!I get that sandwich almost everytime I am down there, and then on top of it, usually order a pizza (white or stuffed) to go with the sandwich. Consistency with all of thier food, never dissapointing, always delicious, and simply great food, great price and great feeling in your stomach when it's all said and done.Now if you want some pizza, go no further than the stuffed pizza. The thing is a monster, and while it is on the pricy side, it is worth every penny. One slice (ONE!!!) is enough for anybody. I challenge you to finish 2 slices of this pie! It's a monster stuffed with so much good stuff, my mouth is actually watering thinking about it.I gotta stop, I'm getting a hankering for some meats and pizza right now...All said, great place. And I am not joking-I would swear it on the bible that the Pastrami/Corned Beed is the best sandwich in the world that I have ever had, and I would like to extend my gratitude to Rocco's for granting me the privelage of stuffing my face with it.
5	So we heard a radio commercial about this place and being an Italian food lover (and extremely picky eater) we decided to go here for a day before Easter dinner.  We were a little disappointed when we got there and discovered that it was not really a sit down family kinda restaurant.  But they were very accomodating and put about 3 tables together so our whole family could squeeze in.  The food was excellent, the service was awesome and they even have items you can buy!  We bought all the Tastycakes they had in the fridge, haven't had them in years!  Anyway, I would totally reccommend this place and wish I lived closer so I could go there more often.  I live in North Las Vegas, but I think I will make the trip just to go there.
3	Great slices and subs. Fun little italian market. Pretty random to find good Italian spot in the summerlin suburbs of Vegas. I would stop by for a slice next time I'm in the area.
5	Ummmmm yes yes and yes!  We love Roccos.  This place is the ONLY NY Style pizza I've been able to find in town.  Even the employees are mostly from NY.  They have both indoor and outdoor seating, and we've sat both and enjoy eating there either place.  The pies are fantastic, the entrees are also really good too.  Although, I will admit we love the pizza so much we don't get the meals from there very often...they are tasty though!  They make their own raviolis there that are reallllllly good.  I actually go to the Roccos that is located off of Charleston by Red Rock Casino.  We go every 1-2 weeks and are always happy!!!  Any one we have sent there to get a pizza becomes a loyal customer too.  ;)  The only think Rocco's could do better is offer delivery.  They are eat in and take out only...but SO WORTH IT.  We always get in the car and drive up to see them vs. ordering delivery from a different local place.  Check them out!
5	Okay this place has THE BEST Italian Deli cuisine in Las Vegas and some of the best I feel I've ever had. I was introduced to Rocco's on tour in Vegas last summer and go here on every Vegas trip since. The Veal Parm Sub is HUGE and incredible made. Their anti pasta salads are out of this world. Now last time I went the waitress asked me what my favorite Italian dish was and I told her Chicken Marsala; She told me that their Marsala was the best and its a home recipe and proceeded to bring me out a sample piece. THIS WAS THE MOST AMAZING AND DELECTABLE PIECE OF CHICKEN MARSALA I'VE EVER TASTED!!!!! I have had great 5star Italian food all over the country and this was the best Marsala I have ever had...I drank the sauce lol. The Owner and woke rs are extremely friendly and always offer samples.
3	I stopped by Rocco's back in May for a quick lunch to go. Two words grabbed my attention as I walked in: Lobster Roll. I'm a sucker for almost anything with these over-priced crustaceans, so it was a no-brainer to try it. Their version of a lobster roll ($12.99) was a large hoagie roll stuffed with 1/2 lb of meat. They give you the option of adding mayo into the mix, but I passed. Instead, I opted for the more straightforward preparation, which was drizzled with butter and herbs. The first few bites were amazing -- lots of meaty lobster and bold flavors, but it was evident that they did more than drizzle butter on it... more like drowned it in butter. The bread did a good job of soaking up a lot of it, but it was just butter overload. Even Paula Dean would have thought it too much.There's no doubt it was one of the better lobster rolls I've found in town, but the butter made it tough to finish. Towards the end, I just ditched the bread and finished up the lobster. If they ease up on the butter they'd have a real winner on their hands.3.5 Stars
4	My man and I had a late breakfast here on Saturday morning. It wasn't packed, thankfully cause I was starving. We ordered a large sandwich  combo that came with fresh made chips and drink. The sandwich was huge, made for four people it seemed, loaded with premium meat and fresh product, on freshly baked bread. The chips were okay, I think they needed more salt.However, the waitress was a doll and the other people eating there were nice and also engaged in conversation. It was a good meal at the right price, and now I know they deliver!
2	This place is a joke.. Don't come here or call for delivery.  Don't waste your time or money. Piss poor....
5	Rocco's Puts the "Deli" in Delicious!This Italian Deli serves up scrumptious Italian delights Between the big triangle pizza slices, UNREAL pastrami sandwiches, and homemade pastas and sauces, it's like you're in New York (minus the attitude).  The family that owns and operates this perfect place makes sure your food is just as authentic and wonderful as they are.  The quality of the people who work here is immediately evident from the moment you're greeted.  Besides the excellent food, Rocco's sells an assortment of Italian goods, from Pizzelle and pastas,  to jarred capponata and clams.  The desserts are pretty great too, especially the gem-like, sprinkle-encrusted sugar cookies.  Delicioso!I don't know another place that combines great homemade food, fair prices, warm and friendly service, and a clean store like Rocco's NY Italian Deli.  **Parents be warned, this is definitely a "mommy I want that" type of place.  Get your "no cookies before dinner" defenses up, because you're going to need them.
3	Ordered two large cheese pizza's.  They were okay but not the best I've had!Crust was not like NY style pizza!  Had unusual shape and texture to it!Eat there or do pick up.  We did delivery and they use a 3rd party delivery service.  $5.99 for delivery + another 5% delivery fee of your total order + tax + tip =  don't do delivery do pick up!
5	Go there now!!Rocco's is amazing and the staff is very friendly, personable and helpful.Prices are great for what you get and it is a comfy place to relax and have a casual dinner.Sandwiches are large, so mind what you order. Also, there are a dance studio and karate place next door, so families with kids come in frequently. While this is good for the store, it may not be for everyone my age who like to curse and not worry about stepping on children.Also, the pizza is top notch!I am from the birthplace of pizza and this stuff is damn good.Try the Inwood Tripple Decker and a Pellagrino Soda :)
4	Don't be mistaken with Rocco's "Pizzeria" as I tried to redeem my Groupon there.  Luckily their owner pointed me in the right direction and I ended up here at "Rocco's NY Italian Deli."We ordered a side of meatballs and lobster roll and they gave us a complimentary order of garlic knots which made them even better.  The meatballs were really my favorite, well seasoned, and far superior to many of the other meatballs I've had at other local Italian deli's.The lobster roll suprisingly had alot of lobster meat despite the price.  It wasn't fresh lobster but it was still good and we really enjoyed the garlic butter sauce.I'm looking forward to coming back to try their pastas and pizza.  Definitely check it out!
1	NOT NYC style pizza. More like the pizza I had to suffer with in Buffalo, NY. Thick crust. Garlic knots with hardly any garlic. Cannoli not good either. Don't go there looking for NY style pizza!
1	I had a horrible experience using my groupon there today! My groupon expired Feb 9th which is today. However, the cashier told me that it expired today so it was only good till yesterday, doesn't make any sense to me. On my groupon app, it still says good till today. I ordered a white pizza, it actually doesn't taste too bad, but I won't ever go back to this place for their dishonesty.To Adam K. Thanks for explaining. But if you want the last day for using the voucher on the 8th, then you should have been putting the 8th as the expiration date. That's how groupon works or for any coupons for that matters. I have contacted groupon, and they gave me credit for this anyway. They told me I could have used the all 12 dollars on the 9th as that's the last day.  Well, thanks for making good pizza though.
4	This is an Italian deli that serves Italian food.  I read a few fellow Yelpers reviews and spotted the occasional check-ins which stoked my curiosity to eventually try it for myself.  If you are expecting a nice, polished eatery, this is not it.  But they do have a good selection of cured sausages, prepared sides, and serve a menu of traditional Italian fare.  Including a very mean Lobster Roll.That was what I ended up ordering based on the reviews I read, and it was very satisfying.  The bread roll that it was served in was nothing special, but the lobster filling was hot and delicious.  I also ordered the Rice Ball to go, as it was close to their closing time.  That was just okay.Anyway, I know I have to go back and try their White Pizza.Ambiance:  3/5  It is what it is. A deli with a few tables and chairs.Food:  4/5  Lobster Roll is delicious, not so much a fan of the Rice Ball.Parking:  4.5/5  In a strip mall with a lot of businesses, plenty of spaces.Service:  3.5/5  Took the order correctly, served the food when it was done.  What else do you want from deli?
5	If you are looking for quality ingredients and tasty pizza then look no further.  A city hit by the recession has not affected the taste of this pizza.  They continue to provide quality east coast pizza at a fair price.  Make sure you look for the NY Italian Deli.  Roccos Pizzeria in the same part of town is not this place, and you will know by the taste!  Best for take out.
2	"Meh. I've experienced better. "
2	I purchased a Yelp deal $15 for $20 and was excited to try this place because of the solid reviews. Unfortunately, it was a huge let down, not just in terms of food, but also service. We ordered two of their house specialties: pastrami and corned beef sandwich $10.95 (no side included) and chicken marsala $15.95. When I presented the Yelp deal voucher, the guy manning the counter stared at it for a awhile and was like "Wot's this? So you get $20 off?" and acting as if it was some bogus creation that I was trying to scam them with. I patiently explained to him that it was a legit online deal that I had already paid $15 for this $20 voucher. In the meantime, some inconsiderate parents are letting their two young kids, who presumably just came from tap dancing lessons, clickety-clack all throughout the restaurant. Talk about obnoxious! At checkout, he wanted to charge me $16 something. I told him that total doesn't seem right. He tells me that he is only taking $5 off the bill so I had to reexplain how the Yelp deal is supposed to work. He begrudgingly recalculates the balance as $6.92 and says I can't use my credit card and have to pay cash. I'm thinking to myself that this guy is really trying my patience and can't do simple arithmetic either. Whatever, let's just get the heck out of here. Once we got home and sampled the food, we liked the sandwich filling although I had asked for rye bread and they gave us some mediocre kaiser roll. Unfortunately, the chicken marsala was subpar. The marsala sauce was very subtle and it was more like a buttered pasta. When you take into account the relatively small portion size, it is an even poorer value. For a couple bucks more you could have Cheesecake Factory's much tastier version with a portion size of almost double. In the end, mediocre food + crappy service + poor value = 1.5 to 2 stars. In the future, we'll stick with Rocco's NY Pizzeria (different owner) for our NY Italian fix.
1	i used my groupon there 4/28/12. first impression was just another dive. most of the tables i think 6 of them had left over lunches that had not been removed. i order the Bronx sandwich my son order the chicken parmesan. right off the bat we both said the bread was stale. this place need a lesson in customer service. clean the place up. guy fieri pass on this place.
4	We found Rocco's because of a Groupon. What great sandwiches!  My husband had a cold sandwich and I had a hot sandwich. They were delicious and enough for lunch and dinner for two older people.  I thought our waitress was attentive, patient, helpful. Everything you can ask for.  i don't need fancy-schmancy restaurants. The owner was in the kitchen baking rolls for their sandwiches. We will definitely become customers at this no-frills deli.I want to try many things on their menu including the pizza and the calamari. Lately we've been to Angelina's Pizza and Mark Rich's New York Pizza and Pasta. Both were hugely disappointing. Sometimes you have to keep trying until you find a great place like Rocco's.
5	AMAZING!!!  We went in because we had a Groupon.  We will go back many times.  Nothing fancy but excellent food.  We ordered a veal parm sub and a sausage, pepper and onion stromboli.  We had mini cannollis for dessert.  All was fantastic.  Looking at the other menu options has left us drooling and almost wanting more - but we are so full we couldn't eat another bite.  The only negative was that there is no soda fountain - everything is by the can - but the food was so great that the one minor negative can easily be overlooked.  The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful.  We are looking forward to going back again soon!  YUMMMMM
5	First of all, I need to say that I love sandwiches...like really good sandwiches. You would think that a sandwich is something so simple that you could get a great sandwich just about anywhere, but nothing could be further from the truth.So today was a sandwich kind of day. And, I came to yelp for recommendations. 2 stood out. Heidi's on Charleston & Rocco's on Buffalo.For whatever reason we chose Heidi's, but when we got there they were closed on Sundays. I have a bit of a pet peeve about this. First of all, this is not 1950's suburbia this is Las Vegas in 2012. WHO is freakin' closed on Sundays?!?!? Second of all, it's a stupid business move especially for a restaurant...people eat on Sundays, Heidi!So, we crossed our fingers and headed to Rocco's hoping they weren't as backward as Heidi's. And, they were open!I don't know if it's an East Coast thing or a North East thing, but I like when I am greeted when I come in, but not pressured to decide what I want, and yet you are still there in the background to answer any questions I may have. Like, I want you friendly & courteous, but not too friendly & courteous. It's a delicate balance that few ever achieve, and yet Rocco's did!!You order at the counter and then they bring it to your table. My only complaint is that I had to look at Yankees pennants while I ate, and I am from Boston (read Red Sox fan).They had an all you can eat special that included pasta, salad, garlic bread, pizza, soda, etc for around $11, but we came for sandwiches!! I got the pastrami/corned beef and my husband got the Philly cheese steak. He said his was good. I can tell you mine was fabulous. Seriously, the best sandwich I have had in ages and definitely the best pastrami I have had EVER (great bread, lean meat, cheese was melted, slightly warmed). We also, got a cannoli & a brownie to go. Everything came to $27 for 2 of us, but I will get at least 3 meals out of my giant sandwich!!Heidi's loss is definitely Rocco's gain. We took a to go menu and are already planning what we want to try next time. Pizza and chicken parm are high on the list, but it is going to be hard to not order the pastrami sandwich again.Rocco's may not look like much, but the food is authentic and amazing! And, truly worth a try...
5	We went to Rocco's again.  This time we all had the All-you-can-eat special for 10.99 which included regular or Caesar salad, cheese pizza, past with marinara, meat or vodka sauce, garlic knots and a drink.  The pizza was fantastic.  The pasta was also great.  We had the meat sauce and the marinara (too full to try the vodka sauce).  The garlic knots - YUM!  We had mini cannolis for dessert again - we couldn't help ourselves - and they were just as good as the first time.  Awesome place!!!!!
5	Inwood Triple Decker is my go to lunch!!!These sandwiches will changed your life.Rocco's has a really great selection of interesting beverages (non-alcoholic).They are quick, friendly and worth every reasonably priced penny.When you check in on Yelp!, you get a free Cannoli.
5	I wish Rocco's was closer to where I live, but its pretty far for me so I have only been once. I was running errands on this side of town and decided to try it since I read nice reviews about it. I was in the mood for beef so I ordered the roast beef sandwich. Yummy yummy, the roast beef was indeed housemade. It had a great beef flavor and was juicy. On top of this the bread they used was warm like they just baked it. Then I realized it was! It was their pizza dough made into a sandwich bread like a hoagie. Genius! I really want to come back to try the other menu items, but until next time I have errands in the neighborhood.
4	While the food is pricey, the food speaks for itself, and the drive is DEFINITELY worth it!  The sandwiches are the best in town!  No need to go to Capriotti's because Rocco's wipes 'em off the map!  They make good pizza's too...And their cannoli's...unreal!!!!  Go!  You'll be happy you did!
4	Fantastic New York style pizza. Great fresh ingredients and fun atmosphere. Ask for some sharp provolone to take home and they're cannolis are a must. Love it!
3	Darn good pizza, in a darn good pizza town.
5	really good NY style pizza at a reasonable price with a friendly home like atmosphere. Although I didn't eat a sandwich, the tables left and right of me ordered sandwiches and they looked both delicious and generous in portion.
5	After months of passing by this place I finally popped in today and I know I will be back.  I had "Da Bronx"  sandwich, the first thing on the menu.  It had three different meats, cheese, some oil and vinegar, lettuce and tomato on an italian roll.  It was a good sized sandwich and the amount of meat was generous.  I added fries and a can of soda and it came to 10 bucks and change.  The food was tasty and people working there were really nice too.
5	I am a prosciutto lover, and this place delivers with their sandwiches! Also got a couple Joeys ital cookies and my kids had the pizza. As an Italian girl and food lover Rocco delivers! I will def be a regular. The fresh mozzarella, and offering of Italian items gives Rocco's a genuine feeling.
5	I had to stop by Rocco's on the advice of Nelson Q. ..Now that's some LV Yelp love!Walked into Rocco's NY Italian Deli and was greeted right away,Oh man I am loving this place. Whats is not to love about a place filled with Huge containers of Olive Oil,Specialty Can Goods,Meats and Deserts. I felt like I was warped into a deli in NY.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roccos-ny-italian-deli-las-vegas?select=UgNsECqliNa4s0o_KnXXVw#7biF16aDNG33PMfFkb6MmAThe atmosphere in this place is so relaxing, there's just a feeling of happiness I get when I'm in a place like this..Anyway back to food..I order the Pastrami & Corned Beef on rye. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roccos-ny-italian-deli-las-vegas?select=UgNsECqliNa4s0o_KnXXVw#NwIHgyvRFpYQMC0pywW-xA Also the homemade chips http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roccos-ny-italian-deli-las-vegas?select=UgNsECqliNa4s0o_KnXXVw#bs1ciFOH-KIXfz7GkVJqaAIf you ever saw Man Vs Food that is how I felt like when the sandwich came out. Holy Shitzz! The combination and flavor of the two meats was just heaven, add the wonderful chips and washing it down with a cream soda...What can I say but Awesome!TODAY MY FRIENDS..MAN WON!! I ate the whole thing! (I felt light headed after though..lol!!)Will be back to try more!My LV Trip Bookmark #3
5	Really good pizza and friendly staff. They also have italian ingredients for purchase.There pizza is really good. I was disappointed though when they did not have my favorite topping at the time of my first order with them. In there defense they had a 200 pizza order from a local high school. I have ordered from them again and it was good. They gave me blue cheese as there default instead of ranch for my wings. I get that blue cheese is the norm in East Coast but we are West Coast patrons. I know I ate at an East Coast pizzeria but that does not change that we prefer ranch out here.
5	The owner wrote me a message about my review. I was extremely happy that even though I gave him 5 stars, he reached out to talk about Ranch vs. Blue Cheese (Video Game coming late 2016 ;). He could have settled but he didn't, This owner cares about his customers and in turn that will reflect in his food and business success. 3 Cheers for Adam of Rocco's NY Italian Deli..
5	I'd like to start by making a confession.  I'm not a big fan of Italian food overall, nor do I think NY style pizza is the best pizza.Phew...not that that's off my chest, I can get to my 5 star review!My first trip to Rocco's was after a night out with my brother and quite a few libations.  Let me just say that the pastrami & corned beef combo sandwich does wonders for the late night cravings!  I think I got through about 1/2 of it before giving up...which may likely still equate to about 2 lbs of sandwich.About a week later, my son was craving pizza, which is not unusual to be the case almost daily for a growing 8 year old boy.  I, on the other hand, was not craving pizza.  I recalled seeing some pizza by the slice options at Rocco's, so off we went!  My son was thrilled as the guy behind the counter cut him "a slice" of pizza.  If you weren't aware, apparently in New York, a slice equates to 1/4 of a full sized pizza.  What kid wouldn't love that?I saw the major league baseball sized rice balls and opted for one of those.  Then I spotted a delicious looking beef dish in marinara sauce and had to learn more.  Once the "bragiole" was described to me, I decided I had to have that as well!  My son and I sat at a little table and enjoyed what I think was maybe the best Italian dinner I've ever had!  I couldn't ask for better company, a better environment, and better food.  The whole experience easily earned a 5 star rating from me.  This may become a regular tradition for us.
5	I've been coming here for the last 12 year. Always amazing. Everyone who works there is awesome. and the food is just as good.
4	Delicious!!  I got the Brooklyn sandwich and it was delicious!!  Huge but a great sandwich.  I had my Nephew wand daughter with me and my daughter had the spaghetti which was on the kids menu which she enjoyed.  It also was a good portion.  After our lunch I let the kids have some baked goods and they were delicious!! I got a brownie, (which was huge) and a cake ball for my daughter and they were very satisfied!!! The brownie(cake)lol was very rich and thick so beware and have milk ready!!!
5	I. AM. IN. LOVE. Eat here, you wont regret it.  They offer a huge selection of food items that are prepared in shop for your taste buds delight, and a ton of food available for you to take home and make on your own IE: fresh mozz, a wide array of pasta salads, pre-made sauces, pre-made noodle packages, tons of Italian imported foods, etc... This place is the real deal, where is Guy Fieri when you need him?For my fellow veggie friends they have the best eggplant parm sandwich I've ever had, its magnanimous!!!!!!!!Note, one word: Cannoli. OMG. Thats all.
5	Absolutely love this place!  Right up the street from my house and too easy to get a great pie from here.  My two favorites are the Eggplant Supreme (ricotta, moz, eggplant and tomato sauce) and of course their White Pizza.   The wings are decent, their home made potato chips, AMAZING!!  I have to admit I have never gotten beyond the pizza to try the pasta, maybe someday.  One draw back and it isn't the restaurants fault, they share their parking lot with a few dance studios, and I gotta tell ya parking there to simply pick up a to go order is an ordeal...  They need to arrange some dedicated parking with the plaza owners.
5	Rocco's is the BEST!!!! I LOVE the Chicken Champagne!!! It's absolutely amazing!! I've had most of their sandwiches and they are fabulous too!!! I haven't been disappointed once since first going there for lunch 3 years ago!! I at least order food from them twice per month.  They have great sweets too!! I'm definitely a loyal patron!!
4	It has been years since I have been to Rocco's...I used to come here almost weekly for their pizza (Their White & Their NY Style Cheese) but health choices have kept me away from pizza in that frequency and I somehow forgot about Rocco's.  They recently had a Groupon for their pasta dishes.  I said to myself, "Self, remember how great Rocco's pizza is?...well maybe you should try out their pastas too huh?  And btw, since we're talking and we don't do that all that often, I just wanted to point out that you are a beautiful person...smart, funny, good looking, humble, etc....just thought I'd point that out."  I was obviously flattered by conversation, but I also decided to check out some pastas at Rocco's.All their pastas come with a nice Italian House Salad and a couple Garlic Knots.  I went with the Rigatoni Zingaro - Sausage, Hot Cherry Peppers, Fresh Mushrooms and a slightly spicy pink sauce.  I love pink sauce!...and they did it wonderfully!  Also ordered the Chicken & Broccoli Alfredo.  Both were very nice portion sizes...easy to save some for lunch the next day.  Both came with ample sauce for dipping Garlic Knots as well :)   The Alfredo was very solid--the sauce a little thin for my liking.  The Rigatoni was wonderful!
5	This is definitely one of the best pizza places in Las Vegas, it makes you feel like you're back in New York again. The quality of deli meats, pastas and desserts is amazing. They make a white pizza with clam sauce and shrimp which is addictive. The chicken champagne is also out of this world. Stop in for a sandwich for lunch or a pasta entree or pizza for dinner and you can't go wrong. But absolutely stop in!
3	I have heard nothing but good things about this place, but now I'm doubting that person's mental stability.  The place is a small New York-style deli, just as it was billed.  The food was good, but not spectacular.  We ordered garlic bread, mozzarella sticks, a personal cheese pizza and the Manhattan hot sandwich.  Everything was made fresh. The mozzarella sticks were heavy on mozzarella and the marinara dip was freshly made (and delicious).  The garlic bread was done just right, with fresh garlic and the right amount of cheese.  The pizza was average, we've definitely had better.  The Manhattan hot sandwich was good, but lacking some flavor (I felt it needed something else).  All-in-all, it was a good experience, with great service and we'd probably return to try some other things on the menu.
4	Drove by and found this place, so i decided to stop in. I learned that this Rocco's is not affiliated with the other Rocco's in town. When I first walked in, being from the NJ/NYC area, I smiled. The place felt like home. The pizza was good. The free cannoli (courtesy of Yelp!) was good. Only thing I didn't like so much was that Calzones have to be special ordered. I'm so used to walking in, ordering a calzone, and getting one. But another Like would be the Specials for Pickup/Dine In, big difference from the Delivery Rate.
2	Yesterday was the second time my husband and I dined here.  The first time we had deli sandwiches which were very good with a canolli, which I thought was one of the best I had in town.  Unfortunately, yesterday, not so good.  I had ordered linguini with clam sauce and better half had spaghetti and meatballs.  My linguini came to the table ( which was unstable with cardboard under the legs) with no utensils, no garlic knots and a cup of water which was at least 85 degrees in temp with no ice.  The linguini had a very yellow sauce, which to me tasted like chicken base with lots of lemon and an abundance of oregano.  Not much garic and absolutely no taste of wine.  Furthermore, when they brought the garlic knots out, originally the helper in the kitchen was going to slap them on our plate the from stainless steel bowl he tossed them in until the owner told him to plate them.  They had very little garlic flavor, but alot of greasyness to them.  My husbands spaghetti and meatballs arrived again without utensils.  Spaghetti was overcooked and the meatballs were hard, dry and really did not taste very good.  The plate came with two meatballs, yet the picture on their menu clearly shows 3 meatballs.  A little deceiving.  The facility appeared to need some attention, with the shelf items, like lady fingers, pasta and some tomato goods had dust on them and appeared neglected.  As we live as far south in vegas as you can get, I can say I don't think we willl go back there again.  Sorry.  The only reason why I give them 2 stars is because of my previous visit.
5	Best delivery by far amazing food I will be back ......THIS PLACE ROCKS!
5	Went to Rocco's last night with the family. We had calamari app its was fresh and amazing. My son got a cheese pizza after a few bites of that I looked at my husband and said we should order another to go Lol! I had the veal piccata the veal was nice and tender with a great lemony garlic sauce and my husband had rigatoni zigarati (?)  Very big portion with lots of sausage! We also couldn't resist their pastry counter and ordered cookies and cakes and my son had a personal cherry Italian ice he gobbled that up in no time it even had fresh cherries in it. We will defiantly be back especially since its rt down the street for us! And their to go pizza special one large cheese pizza for 9.99 will go great this summer by our pool! ; )
4	I do not remember trying this place before, but my husband is convinced we did when we first moved to the Valley.  It's a small place, very crowded parking due to the dance studio next door.  They have some general goods like pasta, cheeses, cookies, and other delectable treats.  We both got an entree and a pizza to share.  My entree was so good, I wanted to lick the plate.  It was called Rigatoni zingaro, it was made with sausage, hot cherry peppers, mushrooms, and marinara sauce.  I really liked it.  The "everything" pizza was smothered in cheese, sausage, meatball, ham, olive, pepperoni, mushrooms, green onions, and so much more. It was really good.  I think if I had been here, I would remember the pizza, but I cannot recall having it before.  Very good food!
4	After winning a $20 gift card here via a raffle at Jaime W's Sweet Tomatoes UYE, I used the card for dinner for my son and I.  I called in an order for two regular meatball parmigiana sandwiches and an order of garlic knots and was told the order would be ready in 20 minutes, and it was.  Just driving the four miles from the shop back to my house, I could smell the sandwiches and knew that we were in for a treat.  Once I got home, my son and I were both kind of amazed at the size of our sandwiches--if these are regular size, the large size must be ginormous!  Made with Italian bread, the sandwich's meatballs were huge and covered with sauce and cheese; we dug in and, let me tell you, it was a nice, delicious mess.  There's no dainty way to eat one of these sandwiches, but why should you?  The $3.99 order of garlic knots yielded 6 knots with a side of marinara and between those and the sandwich, I could only eat half of the sandwich. Even the teen couldn't finish his; that's saying something about the size of the sub.  Not bad because now we both can experience the other halves for lunch tomorrow.  2 regular meatball subs + 1 order of garlic knots = $20.72, including tax.  I'm a fan, for sure.By the way, I walked around a little before I left the deli and they have some tempting desserts on display--I'll definitely return to try the famed white pizza and some sugar.
4	This is a great Italian deli.  Not as good as the Bagel Cafe, but it is still good.  The wife ordered the champagne chicken. It was a chicken breast topped with mushrooms and melted cheese over penne pasta with a champagne sauce.  The chicken was excellent, with the mushrooms and cheese and dipped in the sauce.  IT had so much rich flavor.  The penne pasta wasn't cooked enough and was slightly inedible.   I ordered the Brooklyn sandwich with prosciutto, mortadella, pepperoni, salami and provolone.  It was really good.  Great vinegar flavor to the sandwich also.  I'm not a fan of the bread though.  A little tough for my taste.  I also ordered some of there sweets out of the case.  Everything I tried was just okay.  Nothing special, the cannolis were good though.  I will be back to try their pizza and other stuff.
3	Rocco's is strictly ok - borderline meh. I lived on Long Island, and know a good pizza place. That said, for Vegas my expectations are not set too high. Still, Rocco's LOOKS like a real NY deli. Of course, the uniforms on employees immediately reminds us we're not in New York anymore, though they are still a nice presentation. As for the food:The 'garlic knots' are more butter/cheese knots than anything. I don't remember tasting a hint of garlic in them. The wings:Ordered medium. Approximately 80% butter and  the rest what tasted like Frank's buttery wing sauce. All very buttery so far. The spaghetti and meatballs: The marinara is quite good. The pasta was ever-so-slightly past al dente, but okay. The meatballs were heavy in basil, and tasted better broken in pieces and twirled in the pasta than by themselves. The meatballs also had large pieces of breadcrumbs inside them - which didn't affect the flavor experience, but was not the most aesthetically pleasing.I was given the dinner portion and did not find out they had a lunch special until I paid my bill. For a displaced New Yorker, there a couple of places in town that truly offer the tastes of home and Rocco's is not one of them - though they come close with few items.  Yet, the food is convincing enough that the Summerlin crowd will not know the difference, hence my giving the place 3 stars.
5	Best Italian food I've found in Vegas. The bread is homemade and so good. We love the lasagna, chicken Parmesan, lobster Stromboli (amazing). The desert counter and cookies are amazing. I only wish we were within their delivery radius, but its worth the drive every time.
3	I have driven by Rocco's for like the 10 years that I've lived here and haven't given it a try until a couple days ago. It's right by me, and for whatever reason, I finally thought I'd give it a shot. Rocco's looked like it was gonna be a legit Ny pizzeria/deli. They have a bunch of great looking pastries, and Italian dry pasta for sale amongst other things. There were lady fingers, gnocchi, pasta, olive oils, packaged pizzelles (I make that shit from scratch, FTW!), and other nice Italian items. That was the best part of Rocco's. Not many prices listed so it could be good or ridiculous, I have no clue. There was also CJ's Italian ices in their freezer. I was disappointed by the Garlic Knots. They didn't seem fresh by any stretch of the imagination. The white pizza was just ok. Nothing great. The cheese pie was above average for Vegas pizza. The crust was nice and fluffy but they didn't cook it much on the bottom. It needed to be rotated in the oven or cooked a little longer to get that nice golden brown on the bottom. It was more white on bottom than anything. If you order a regular pie well done here, it would probably be better. It should be golden brown on the bottom regardless when they're using a brick oven. So pro tip, get it a little well. The pricing wasn't outrageous and it wasn't a great deal either. I got a large half white, half cheese pie and half a dozen garlic knots and it came out to just under $20. Not terrible, not great when I didn't love the product. In fact the highlight of the meal was free with their check-in offer. The cannoli was the best part. It was somewhat close to an authentic New York cannoli. The cream was a little dry and the shell seemed a little stale, but in Vegas we take what we can get. Parma has better cannoli, but not many places have cannoli here, let alone have better cannoli. I'd go back and try their penne all vodka, and maybe a pizza well done. If the pasta holds up, I might bump up to 4. But this place just doesn't earn a 4 star when they throw NY in their name.
5	I have a weakness for New York style pizza, and Rocco's did not disappoint! The delivery was faster than they originally estimated, which is always a nice surprise. The driver was friendly and the pizza was awesome! Solid 5 stars from me. Will definitely eat here again!
2	Sorry, but this place is only average. The staff is very friendly, but the food was bland, and nothing special. Decent ingredients but not made with love, just thrown together. If you're selling yourself as a New York deli, you'd better pull it off. They didn't.
5	In meetings outside of my "Henderson" area that I know so well I decided to meet a friend for lunch at Rocco's Italian Deli.. which I thought as affiliated or same owners as Rocco's Pizzeria ( I ate there 2 days ago, no homemade ranch :().. but they aren't.  Similar names but different food!!  We ordered the fried artichokes which I've never heard of, they were a great appetizer and I asked for ranch and they brought me 2.. and didn't charge for it and it was wonderful!!  Love homemade ranch.  We also shared a large house salad and the special sandwich of the day, something with turkey and habanero on a homemade bun!!  Everything was really tasty and fresh..  The inside isn't anything spectacular but if you going to a "deli" what do you expect, its not like they have room for anything fancy, other wise they'd be called Rocco's Italian Restaurant.. right??!  After I was stuffed, the owner asked us to try a piece of the pizza and so I forced myself....  and it was just like I would imagine pizza from Italy should taste (I've never been to Italy though), the crust was hot and crunchy and the sauce was sweet and robust at the same time..  I will be in Summerlin the rest of the week for meetings and hope to get to go again.  Its great food and good prices, try it!
5	Heard about Roccos deli from other people, that there pasta dishes where awesome and sandwiches are loaded with delicious meats and they bake there Owen bread. I saw Rocco's Deli on fox5 for sandwich wars which they won by the way. Best sandwiches 3 rounds. they're featured sandwich was a turkey sandwich w pineapple habanero sauce which was absolutely delicious fully loaded with turkey Bread was outstanding. I ordered a Philly cheese steak to go for my son he said it was huge and meaty and chessy (delicious:-) totally recommend Rocco's deli can't wait to go back and try their pastrami sandwich yum!
5	I had been eyeing the groupon they offer for two large sandwiches for $14.99 and last night was the perfect storm of circumstance and laziness so i popped in around 6:15 to a small wonderful smelling italian deli. A couple people were waiting for to-go orders and they were busy. The guy at the counter finished helping them then asked me what I would like. I mentioned my groupon and ordered the Philly and the Brooklyn. He mentioned it would be about 15 mins..."no problem" I said as the smell in this place was awesome. About 15 minutes later he emerged with two GIGANTIC foil wrapped bombers. When i git home I enjoyed a QUARTER of each and Im a huge eater. The philly was very good but a tad dry and the Brooklyn cold cut sub was absolute $$$$$ Fresh ingredients, huge portions, authentic prep, and a counter guy who knew almost every customers name but mine.....soon enough i think.
5	I've been getting tired of eating at the same old places and we got a menu in the mail for this place. The menu had nice pictures of some of the food and great advertising for the way they cook with fresh ingredients and lots of homemade stuff. We splurge about once a month and eat out. Most times our home cooking is better then the places we go.We ordered about 80 bucks worth of food:  1. Chicken fingers (medium spice): not at all spicy but a great flavor. Nice clean cuts of chicken breasts. I'm the worlds pickiest eater and I usually don't like eatting chicken out because it never seems like it's cleaned/trimmed well.2. Homemade Mozzarella Stix: These were pretty good, but make sure you have enough people and a big appetite as these do not reheat well.3. Chicken Franchese: Nice full flavors without being overpowering at all. The chicken was very moist. There was just the right amount sauce to pasta. The portions were HUGE. I think I had 5 meals out of this one dish. The pasta dishes all come with garlic knots. The garlic knots were a little heavy on the garlic, but they were great =)4. Veal Marsala: This was the hubby's dish and he's still talking about how good it was almost 2 weeks later ;)5. A large pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and extra cheese. Again I'm a picky eater and I use to be a big Pizza Hut fan (I prefer  deep dish pizzas). I started making my own pizza that blew Pizza Hut out of the water and this pizza is on par with my homemade one. This isn't a deep dish pizza, it's not a thin crust either. This pizza was one of the best I've ever eaten anywhere.6. A couple of Homemade Cannolis.  These weren't really my cup of tea, they tasted ok. The hubby assured me for Cannoli's these were excellent examples of a cannoli. The the cream wasn't over sweet and you could definitely taste the cinnamon used.So in summary, this place was just awesome. It's about two weeks later and we're still talking about how great everything was and placed another order tonight to try out some more stuff. We didn't go as crazy ordering stuff this time. And last time we had enough food to feed our family of 3 for 3 days of snacking and eating leftovers.Update to the review: 5/24/2014We've eatten here a lot more times since the first review and it is still a GREAT place to eat. The staff is friendly and fun to talk with while placing an order. Any time we have family come to town, we order out here so they can share in the good food :) We got a salad messed up once and we called back to let them know and I think they had it remade and the driver back out to our house in less then 15mins.. CRAZY fast! We've yet to try anything that wasn't great.
4	Mama mi...what's not to like...
5	I've tried some restaurants just because of a Groupon or Living Social offer.  Roccos' NY Italian Deli was no exception in that regard but now that I've tried their huge and awesome sandwich, I'll be back the next time I visit Las Vegas.  The Brooklyn, with prosciutto, salami, pepperoni, mortadella, and provolone cheese, was awesome.  The roast beef sandwich was also good but since they use "home made" roast beef, could use just a touch of salt (or maybe a bit of mustard next time).  Sad they don't make their own potato chips anymore and the cookies are just okay but it's the sandwiches that make me want to return ASAP.
4	They sell pizza by the slice, so originally that was the plan. On the way in though I noticed a pizza special on the window for a $9.99 large (pick-up/carryout). I thought that was a great price to try out their pizza and this way it would be a freshly made pizza. Walking in it looked like a typical deli. There were tables inside and the usual pasta, tomato sauce, etc. for sale. The olives, meats and sweets they offer look very good, but they have no prices on anything. There are plenty of signs along the glass case promoting catering and their win on "Sandwich Wars" yet nothing saying how much per pound or per slice anything was. Maybe they were changing out prices and I came at an off time, but if I have to ask how much something is... I'm more than likely to just pass all together. The guy who took the order was nice and when I showed him my yelp check-in deal for a free "Mini Cannoli" he made sure I marked it *used* and said it would be with my order. He also said it would be about 10-ish minutes for the pizza to be made and that was cool by me. When the food was ready I checked my bag and there was no Cannoli. I had to ask for it and the girl who handed me the food acted like she had no idea about it and had to ask around. Finally, the guy who took the order came out and said "yeah yeah they get a free mini" so she went and packaged one up for me. The pizza deal wont be going on forever. The guy told me that they would be stopping it soon. Don't fret! If you get down here before it ends you will get a card that gets you the large cheese pizza for $9.99 every time. Score! Wow! The pizza was pretty darn good! I love when something as simple as a cheese pizza tastes so good. It seems lately I have been experiencing bland pizza, but not here. The sauce has a good flavor and I like the crust. I had some left over for lunch the next day and it was just as good cold! The Cannoli made for a nice dessert. I enjoyed it. They deliver!
3	Fantastic sandwiches...not the absolute best in town but they're pretty darn good. A little on the bland side but super fresh ingredients and the bread was the highlight.
4	This is a solid place to for pizza. I had the Pastrami Sandwich which was generous with meat for the price but it didn't live up to other pastrami sandwiches i have had around town taste wise. My wife ordered a large pizza and I ended up eating a couple slices and damn it was good. I am picky about pizza and will admit the "thin NY" type isn't usually my cup of tea but this one actually had flavor and hardly any grease. My wife ended up coming back for lunch a couple days later and had one of their White Pizzas. She could only eat half so I ended up eating the rest for dinner later and it was pretty good. They have a check in offer on yelp for a free mini cannoli but I'm not so much a fan of those like my wife is so I just shared hers instead of redeeming mine. They make bread fresh on site and sell it along with meats, cheeses, desserts, etc. The glass cases are clean but not too much pricing was posted for what was in them. Staff here is friendly and when you see them sitting down eating the food it is usually a good sign. Check out their lunch specials and they also deliver.
5	I am from New York originally and until now I couldn't find edible Italian food for a reasonable price in Las Vegas. When I make large delivery orders they always throw in some garlic knots or cookies on the house !!! I have tried everything on the menu and haven't found something I didn't like yet ! The food is always on point and even after I moved farther away they still deliver to me all the way out on trop and fort apache ! I love these guys because they know the value of their customers and they show their appreciation by taking extra care. The sandwiches are always fully loaded and the meat is quality. Thanks you guys for giving me a taste of home.
3	Chicken wings were good as were the fingers, the portion size for the price could be better.  We did not like the sandwiches on our first visit but gave it another shot to try the chicken wings and fingers.  Fry's were very good.
5	This place is to good. No doubt a local hidden gemI eat here all the time Great amazing tasting food for a fair price
4	The cocky and condescending guys who work here actually put out some damn good sandwiches. They know it, and have the awards to prove it, too. I can't tell if they're moody and rude as part of a gimmick to be more "authentic" with the NY 'hood style, or if they're just jerks. Zero sense of humor, always seem vaguely annoyed to have customers. Pastrami sandwich here is pretty much a work of art. It's a contender for BF's last meal requests- delicious bread piled thick with pastrami. Just the thought of it makes him drool uncontrollably. It's his go-to sandwich at any deli, and he easily puts it in his top three bests.We shared a featured special sandwich today: garlic bread loaded high with shredded beef, grilled peppers and onions, and marinara sauce and pecorino cheese. We opted for the "large' since we were planning to share, and received what looked like an entire loaf of garlic bread that was perhaps close to 2 feet long. Luckily, we got it to go, but the damn thing was like eating a chunk of Italy- it was essentially an italian take on a cheesesteak, and I was quite surprised with the results.  Bread was delicious, just enough sauce to make it saucy without making it soggy, and heaps of toppings. I managed less than a third of this monstrosity, but staked my claim on the leftovers early- already looking forward to tomorrow's leftovers.The pizza here also gets raves, and I plan on trying that... along with the Bronx Bomber, or the Anthony Special sandwiches... and their chicken piccata entree with mozarella sounds amazing too. Oh hell, I overlook the employee attitude problems because they make damn good food. Just let it be known that their score would be higher if they weren't rude.3.5 stars, rounding up.
5	I've been here twice and will definitely be back - so many things to try (that would kill my diet if I don't watch out). The pizza is fantastic by Vegas standards and even damn good by (my) picky, NY standards. I'm interested in trying the white pizza soon, since a lot of places can't pull it off (even back home!).The rainbow cookies (for which we are fanatical) are different than what I'm used to, but having had them twice now, I'm a fan. They are a little sweeter than usual and have five layers (two are almond paste!)... Try a few! I'm getting a cannoli next time for sure, they look so good.Rocco's has an excellent sauce, in my opinion. This is important; a mediocre sauce can ruin any pizza, sandwich or pasta. I feel safe ordering anything from their menu, and probably will order EVERYTHING, over time.SUGGESTION: How awesome would it be if you carried Tower Isle  Jamaican beef patties??? :)
4	Had the Anthony Special. Delicious! Price was just a little high, but the people were very friendly.
4	I have to say, I'm here in town and working in my room.  I looked for some good NY Style pizza delivery here on Yelp and found a few places.  The tough part, no one delivered to where I'm staying, I called Rocco's and they said that I was out of their area.  I was sad, but she said that they would do it anyway.  I was no longer sad.The pizza showed up and looked amazing!  And when I tasted it, HOLY MOLY!  It was GOOOOOD!  I know my NY style pizza, and this was right on the mark.  Thin Crust, just the right amount of sauce, great tasting pepperoni.  I just wish that I had some Parm and garlic powder. If you get the chance to eat there...do it.  If you need to drive to get it, do it.  If you're looking for a true NY Brooklyn Style Pizza, DO IT!  That is all, carry on, I'm going to eat some leftover cold pizza because the small pizza is HUGE!
5	Best best best!!!  Everything a former NY Gal could ask for!!  The heroes are awesome. The pizza is awesome. The canolis and zeppolis are to die for!!! If you are looking for authentic and I mean authentic NY Italian, this is it!!
5	This place is excellent. My favorite part is that everything is made in-house, from the bread to desserts to salad dressing. Tiramisu is one of my very favorite things in the world and Roccos version very well may be the best I've ever tasted. The Anthony Special sandwich was incredibly delicious. I can't wait to return and try more of the menu.
4	This was my second time there in the past 10 years. I was happy to find that the place was sold 6 years ago and they now accept credit cards.  I ordered the rigatoni zingaro and white pizza. The restaurant smelled of garlic when I walked in and I'm sure it was my pizza! The food was PHENOMENAL! I could taste the freshness and high quality of the ingredients! I'm totally a fan and happy to make this place my new neighborhood pizzeria!
3	The food was very good. Huge portions! So come hungry! The service was pleasant. The only problems we had were that they gave us dirty plates when we asked for extra plates and they screwed up our check.
4	Love this place! The food is delicious! Their sandwiches are huge and filled with the bestItalian meats! Their pasta dishes are amazing- reminds me of my Grandmothers cooking.  The restaurant is informal, they don't have waitresses- you order at counter.  The food is so delicious though it could be served in a fancy place (i don't know why they don't do that?)  you must try Rocco's if your looking for east coast quality Italian food- best in Vegas!
2	The pizza and everything looks great, but the customer service is lacking. I woke up on a Sunday and NEEDED pizza delivery. I looked around and this was the only place open but they looked really good! I was so excited to try a new place. I called to place my order and was put on hold twice until a second person came on the phone and asked me for my information (twice). I started to give him my order and asked how much a white pizza was. He said somewhere around $17+delivery charge. Okay, no problem. Wait, I just found the order online system and it says $14.99. "Okay well why don't you go order from there?" I thought that was sorta rude...the intonation was not pleasant. No problem, I NEED pizza, I'll go order from there. OMG the menu is amazing, I put like 6 things in my 'cart' and proceed to checkout. "Delivery not available on Sunday" "Address outside delivery area" Now, I understand these situations, but #1-why didn't they tell me this on the phone, they had my delivery address and #2-the place is only a couple miles from me. That must be a very small delivery area.
5	this place if phenomenal!, there are Rocco's all over the city but none compare to this location on Buffalo and Charleston, all the other locations are a BIG disappointment ..don't even bother ...come to this one and I swear you will not be disappointed , the staff and food are heavenly sent.., when in vegas this place is a must!
5	This was my second time ordering from Rocco's, The calzones aren't anything to write home about but today I gave them a second chance and tried the pineapple, habanero turkey sandwich. So delicious! First for the price (8.99) this thing is HUGE and has a generous amount of turkey on it. but the sauce is what does it for me. The delivery is pretty quick for being during the lunch rush hour. I would totally order here again.
5	I was familiar with this place because my sister used to bring me their bread, soppresatta and provolone. Stellar!!!Tonight, my husband and I googled best places for pizza and Rocco's NY Italian Deli came up. Upon entering, we were greeted with the cheeriest hello. Alicia was her name. She asked if we had any questions, and told us where the drinks were. As I sat at the table, I heard her happily conversing with each and every person, asking how their day had been. She talked to every one of us like we were personal friends. We ordered an Everything pizza.EFFFING PHENOMENAL!We've found our place for not just kickass pizza, but a whole list of items we can't wait to try!
4	One of my go-to pizza spots.  Great pizza, great engaging staff!My toddler sonny boy can recognize the corner where Rocco's is located and whenever we pass by, 'Hey Dada, can I has some pizza?'Sure!I've ordered their pizza a bunch of times and I would describe it as a great NY style pizza - thin crust, good sauce, good cheese.  One way I measure a good pizza is how it tastes the next day - Roccos pizza tastes great!I've also had their corned beef sandwich - it was piled a mile high with quality meat and I had to save half for later.  Great deal.What more can I say?  Its good.  Try it!
5	Best fried mozzarella ever. The staff is very friendly and fast. A little pricey, but worth it.
3	Good pasta dishes, pizzas and sandwiches.  Nice deli selections.  Service is friendly.  Casual ambience.  Portions are large so prices are cheap for all you get to eat and take home.  Seating is public so noisy at times.
5	Best garlic knots and pizza in Las Vegas.  I drive all the way from south Las Vegas to come eat this pizza.They have the nicest staff and amazing food!
4	Wonderful little place. Great pizza - real NY pizza. Owner was friendly and sat down and had a conversation with me, since I heard he was from NY. Casual place with a deli and small market for Italian products such as canned tomatoes, pasta, peppers etc. ended the dinner with a delicious cannoli.
5	Absolutely love this place! We got not only one but two orders of garlic knots! The staff that were working tonight were amazing! So happy, kind and helpful and of course everything we ordered was out of this world good! My husband had the lasagna and said it was thr best he has ever had!
5	This place is AMAZING! GREAT FOOD.... And a Deli to purchase cheese and meats.... Along with ALL the amazing Italian desserts and cookies! SUPER FRIENDLY STAFF... And will BE BACK!
4	A really solid Italian place to eat. Nothing fancy but portions are big and tasty. Great staff, always happy to help.
4	As a token of appreciation for moving in, our apartment complex gave us a menu attached to a box for this place. The purpose of the box? A FREE medium cheese pizza!Now, when it comes to "real" pizza places (I personally put chains like Little Caesars, Pizza Hut and Sbarro in a different category altogether), I tend to be on the weary sides. There's so many places I hear about which allegedly make great pizza in town that I've been to in the past only to leave sorely disappointed. So yeah, I'm kinda afraid of trying new pizza places here. But seeing that it was free, it's not like I had anything to lose. I walked in and pretty much automatically fell in love with the place. It really reminded me of the Italian Delis I've seen in my travels to Chicago, NYC and San Francisco! The service was some of the friendliest I've ever encountered, and they offered you free chips (which they make in store I should add) while you wait. They told me it would be 15 minutes for the pizza but barely even 10 minutes had passed before I was served. Or maybe it was 15 minutes but I was too busy browsing the store and looking at the menu to notice. They had so many different types of pasta, cheese and seasonings on the shelves. In addition to the fact that they make their own bread, cookies and, as stated earlier, potato chips. If there was a produce section you could go grocery shopping here.As for the pizza itself? Delicioso! Thin, but firm slices with a minimal grease factor, a robust sauce and a generous helping of cheese. If the cheese pizza was that good, I can only imagine what it would taste like with toppings. The Final VerdictPros: Authentic Italian American-style marketContender for best pie in VegasCommunity-oriented businessPrompt and fantastic serviceCons:Hmmm, I've got nothingReturn Factor: 10/10. Next time I'm definitely getting me a bag of those chips, a pack of those cookies and a batch of those garlic knots everyone is raving about.
3	Since Rocco is not there it's gone down hill ,like Mark Rich's better Mark has sit down and waitress
5	Amazing brisket, corned beef and of course pastrami! Come really hungry with a friend, get yourself a sandwich, a plate of fries and a couple of cans of soda. Do yourself a favor and don't sit at the waiter service tables they are always crowded and you won't get your free sample unless you go to the counter.
4	Love their meatball parm sandwiches on fresh bread. Meat balls are amazing with some tasty gravy.I brought home some meatballs for my mother, and she loved them too. Very friendly staff too!!PIzza looks bomb!
5	Sandwiches are awesome! Great deli. I love the garlic knots here too- lots of garlic :)
1	Just now orderd calamari, so over cooked. When I called and before I could explain, they said the website said for dine in or carry out only. I asked for it not to be NOT over cooked on the website, also website does not indeed say that it is available for carry out or dine in only. Hard as a rock. Wont do it again and it was a friend that said it was awesome. He must like to eat bricks.Seems like a great cut of calamari as well just SUPER over cooked.. Lessoned learned, never again.
4	Love the food. Friendly staff. Always good qualityfood. It's a little expensive but worth it in my mind. Stop in you won't be disappointed!
