4	Had a Cinnamon sugar bagel during out 3 hour layover after a red eye flight - yummy bagel and fantastic iced coffee. Bonus: NO LINE here, despite the 20-person deep one at Starbucks just down the concourse!
4	It's 6am and not only was the staff professional, but courteous.  Excellent folks to deal with after a hellish red eye!  Will you head the the airport for a bagel?  I should hope not.  But if you're there already, this is a pretty nice spot with some pleasant people.
3	I don't usually fly out of this terminal so I didn't know this place was here.  I got a sesame seed bagel with cream cheese to go which I had on the plane later.  I don't remember the service being fast or slow.  It seemed like there were a lot of people working there though and not many people to serve.  4:41PM is probably during their slow to no business period though.    The Bagel was good and up to Einstein standards.
4	Tasty. Although no challah bread. Sadface. :(
3	I had a short layover in CLT without much time to eat. I arrived at my gate and saw that they were a little behind schedule so I had time for something quick. This place was the closest eatery nearby. I'm guessing the were busy because they're the only game in town at this end of the terminal but they got to the point where they announced they needed to take a break for a minute from taking new orders until they could catch up for a minute. I've never seen that tactic before but I guess it's good they let people know in-case they were on a short timeline. In just a couple minutes they were taking orders again and the people who just wanted a drink or something cold were taken care of right away. I ordered a peperoni pizza bagel with a drink. It was surprisingly pretty good and was cooked just right. I hate when you get something like that and it's way under cooked. This was not the case. Not the best food in the airport but it was quick and did the job.
3	Average bagels. Average coffee. Expensive for what it is.The eggs, bacon, etc. are of the precooked processed variety.The bagels are toasted, but everything else is heated in a microwave.If you're hungry and stuck in the airport this will do. It gets 3 stars only because it's in the airport. If it weren't in the airport I'd give it 2 stars.
1	* The sandwiches are expensive--this is an airport location, after all. But they're small, and they include no extras, so you're getting screwed a little more than you think you are.* The bagels are terrible--this is an Einstein's, so it goes without saying.What makes this place exceptional(ly bad):* If there was cream cheese on my veggie-and-cream-cheese sandwich, I did not see it. And I opened up the sandwich to check. My wife was unsure if her hummus sandwich had any hummus on it. However, there was lots of Russian dressing.* 10+ minutes to make a sandwich. They were fully staffed, and the place wasn't busy.
1	Gross. Swarm of flies at the pickup window also where my smoothie was made. How filthy can they be?Also, I think my turkey sausage was made of old shoe strings.
2	I've had Einstein bagels in the past and this is the first time they were super greasy!  They weren't horribly bad, but I probably wouldn't return to this location again.  It is convenient since it's in the airport, and the service is friendly, but I would recommend trying other meal options before coming here.
1	Too bad 0 stars is not an option. The Charlotte Airport store ripped off my credit card. Whatever you do, don't by anything from Einstein Bagels at that airport. They know people are leaving and wont be back. Now I have to battl my credit card company to get my money back. They are thief's.
1	This place is a burning garbage dump fire of a restaurant. Eight or nine local employees that really don't care. Everybody standing around moving as slow as they possibly can at an airport location. Really mediocre service and no pride in work.
1	Avoided because it was slow and saw 10 customers with receipts in their hands.  Not a good sign.
1	I almost missed my flight because these guys are ridiculously slow! About 20 minutes for a bagel. I finally asked somebody to check my order because my plane was boarding and her response was, "Not my problem." Terrible service and terrible attitude.
4	I am a fan of the Tasty Turkey, that is all. Umm also the bagels are pretty good as well. I would rather eat here than McDonalds any day.
