5	I brought my Mercedes there for some weird noise it was making. I thought it was going to be expensive like all my other visits to the dealership and other car shops but the mechanic fixed it that day and and barely charged me anything. I liked that they were honest and didn't try to overcharge me because I was a girl. I will definitely be coming back.
5	Seriously, thank GOD for Kevin. I was having major problems with my BMW. After going to 3 different mechanics who jerked me around and ripped me off for $2k, I was about to give up and buy a new car. Then my friend told me about BenZtek.  My car was at 3 different shops for nearly three weeks and it was still having the same issues. Kevin fixed my car in less than an hour for an unbelievable price and I never had any problems since. Don't waste your time at any other shops! He is the best!!
5	This place is awesome. I'm not from this state which the shop is in. Most mechanics try to charge a ton. Not this place, Kevin helped me out. Brought my car in for an o2 sensor variable valve timing and to fix my steering wheel locking mechanism. Most places would charge a leg and arm to fix this but benztek took great care of me. They showed me exactly which parts were broken. How much they cost straight from dealer and offered an amazing labor cost to fix it all. Let's just say I save more than half of what it would have cost me to take it to the dealership or any other shop. Kevin has +10 years experience as a mechanic for Mercedes Benz. These guys are awesome. Will never go to another shop while I'm here in Vegas.
5	Kevin was my service guy when he worked for the dealer.  I found out he left and started this place.  I founds him to be honest and upfront even when he worked at the dealer and didn't to be.  There were times when the service writer thought I had one issue (which would have been really expensive)  Kevin took a ride with me in the car and saved me a ton of money with an inexpensive repair.  Honest car repair guys are hard to find. Kevin is one of the few and he has me as a loyal customer.  (Hopefully not a frequent customer)
5	Kevin, the owner was so professional. He took me back to the garage bay and introduced me to the gentleman who was servicing my Mercedes c63 AMG, and after my oil was changed, he took the time to personally go over anything that he felt might be of future concern. You just don't get that kind of service at a dealership's service department. From start to finish, it was an absolutely amazing experience today.  This is my new go to spot to service my baby!
5	Kevin and his guys are Mercedes Master Certified mechanics with the Star Diagnosis Computer and everything. I've had 2 Mercedes for 7 years and have yet to find a shop other than the dealer that I could trust. I would recommend these guys to everyone who owns a Mercedes. They do all extended warranty work too!
5	Best shop in town !! I will only take my car here from now on !! Very professional , honest and fair . If you are a single women u don't have to worry about coming to this shop and being ripped off they will take care of you .  ;)
5	Kevin did it again! He just goes so far above and beyond to make sure that my car is okay - he even helped me with pick up and drop off service seriously who does that? I can't wait to check out his new shop! If you have car trouble please go to him he is the best!!! Honest reasonable prices! His staff is always SO friendly when I'm there!! Oh and he's cute too
