4	Sent two "technicians" on an order to install a new dishwasher.  Was billed for two hours on this job at $150.00 for the real plumber and $85.00 per hour for the "journeyman".  Failed to disclose the billing until after they were here for 30 minutes looking at the job. The explanation was that they did not believe it was right to bill us the full hourly rate for someone who is learning the trade.  Big rip-off they should have disclosed up front , on the phone, that we would be billed for the time for two techs including paying out of our pockets for WJ Maloney Plumbing to train someone. 2/16/2012-WJ Maloney Plumbing apologized and acknowledged that we should not have been charged for the "journeyman" plumber's time.  They promptly adjusted the invoice and refunded the $170.00 over-charge.  The quality of the work performed was excellent.
2	Pricey repairs for air conditioning.  Being the good Union wife that I am, when my mothers a/c went out, I opted for a union company to do the repair.  It was a Friday afternoon, about 2:30, and was told that there would be after hours charge for coming out to repair unit.  Not thrilled, but ok.  Todd was very friendly and did a good job fixing the problem, but the price of the bill was incredible.  We were charged $196 to look up the part number and to pick it up.  I found a coupon to use for $75 off, and still paid $520 for the repair.  When I went home that evening, I found that the a/c at my house had failed as well.  When it rains, it pours.  Turned out to be the same part that my Mom had to have replaced on her unit.  My husband was able to fix our unit for $18.  Too bad he was at work on Friday, and not available to look at the a/c at Mom's.  After talking to several people within the company, we are being refunded the after hours charge of $99.   Unless you're eager to throw away good money on repairs, I'd look into a different company.
4	I  had a call this morning from Kitty, and they have agreed to refund a good portion of our repair bill.  Thank you so much for the call and concern.  I will now recommend W J Maloney Plumbing as an A-1 company.
5	We've had 2 fairly substantial projects, one that ended up over $700 for a shower leak, and then $1500 for a softening system. They are honest and the quality of work exceptional. What put us over the top was during both projects, the plumbers treated my wife so respectfully that she felt completely at ease dealing with the plumbers. K insists this is a huge plus for women in making a decision. For me, quality of work is key, particularly in plumbing. The slightest leak can end up costing hundreds/thousands. From the moment they walk in you know you are dealing with skilled professionals. Hard to beat that.
