2	I came here to cash a savings bond while waiting for my boyfriend to go on lunch at the Outlet. I had about 20 minutes, so I figured it was more than enough time, but boy was I wrong! Horribly wrong...I understand that banks can get very busy at times, but during this particular time, there was no one in line. I went straight up to the teller, swiped my card, and gave her my savings bond to cash. It seemed like everything was running smoothly, but then a few minutes passed without her saying anything while she shuffled through her drawer, so I began to get antsy. She then told me that she ran out of cash out slips, but that was already a few minutes after she wrote across my entire savings bond, so I just kind of stared at her and said, "ok" because I didn't know how she wanted to solve the situation. She told me to hold on so she could try and find some, then she walked away into some other room. I figured it would only take her a couple of minutes, but I was wrong...again. She ended up taking 12 minutes (I know this because I started timing the whole process on my phone) and when she came back, she informed me that she was still unable to find any cash out slips. WTF! I was really annoyed at that point because I was already late to meet my boyfriend and she didn't seem to be handling the situation professionally (she NEVER apologized for the wait). Her last resort was to just stand there in front of me, shuffling through her drawer and repeating "I can't find any" until the teller next to her said, "here, why don't you just use one of mine and we'll just tell the manager later." Seriously, that took 2 seconds. These people obviously need to work on their team work, customer service, and organization skills. I literally stood there for 23 minutes waiting to have my tiny ass savings bond cashed. If she didn't completely write across it before finding out she had no cash out slips, I would've just taken it back and walked out.
2	ATM $3.00 if you don't bank there. :(
2	I'm not a big fan of this particular location.  Just as a background, I've been a Chase customer and have 2 active accounts with them.  I went in trying to cash a larger check and the new accounts specialist was just down my back trying to convince me to open another account.  I nearly felt forced to give my number, so I gave it to him quickly in hopes he wouldn't hear one of the numbers.  Apparently, it wasn't quick enough because he literally called me for 2 weeks straight and left me a voice mail to come back in and open that new account.  Also, while at the teller... I asked about a sign I saw on the window at the front.  It was some feature where you can scan your check and deposit it via phone.  I asked the teller if this was something that was available for the Blackberry.  Instead of knowing the answer, the teller had to search for the answer.  I guess that's good that she didn't just BS me with an answer, but at the same time; I feel as if that is something that she should have known.  My last complaint:  After the first set of doors is a room where there is 1 atm.  Under the atm... an overflowing plastic trash can that looks as if it has been neglected to days.  Not a good first impression, especially to those who are non Chase customers that are considering opening a new account.
5	I came in to sign up for a new bank account. I have always heard great things about Chase and they were confirmed with my visit. Carl got me setup with online banking, my new account and all kinds of info to review and made sure I knew all of the possibilities with my new account.
