4	This is a very solid Italian place within walking distance of hotel row on Sherbrooke.  It was quiet on the Wednesday night that I went, so the only noise to be heard was the baffling musical selection - American 80s pop.  Bobby Brown's My Prerogative and She Blinded Me With Science kept me company through my salad course.Despite this, I had a nice time from top to bottom.  The service was prompt and friendly, the portions were small but flavorful (hats off for excellent and tender veal), and the top floor allowed for people watching.  My one complaint is that if you ask for water, you're getting bottled flat water, so make sure to go hydrated.You don't need to dress to the nines, but I'd recommend jeans, a polo and nice shoes at the minimum.  It's worth a trip if you're staying nearby.
3	Hmm, so many pros and cons, I'm conflicted.First off, this place was DEAD on a Wednesday night. At the end of our meal I went downstairs to the ladies' room and saw they had many more tables down in a grotto-like area but still, only a few tables were full. We sat on the upper floor, overlooking the street. It was nice but they had talk radio blaring a depressing story about some kidnapped child. It really bothered me. I was just about to say something when our server brought us a complimentary pizza appetizer. Ok, a little better. shortly after the radio was changed to dated pop music. Random.The server was a nice, quiet man. It must be a cultural thing but there are LONG PAUSES between courses with no checking in with us, which annoyed me. Anyway, he was very nice and friendly but still, there was no one there, I felt like he should have doted more? The food itself was delicious, though portions were very small. I left still feeling hungry. I had the chicken al limone which was rich and flavorful but tiny. Also pricey, I'm still unsure if there was any value to be had paying as much as we did.I had a nice time here but maybe the experience would have been different on a different night/time. Ah well.
3	I have to say that my boyfriend and I were treated like monarchs when we visited Medusa. You would think this would actually incline one to repeat such a  flattering experience; but the in-authenticity of it all made me realize my experience would have been different if my boyfriend and I had been dressed differently. Dressed in business attire having come from the office, my boyfriend and I were welcomed by the owner of the establishment. True story: we were given complimentary appetizers for no apparent reason (not that I'm complaining about that part), and while we waited for our plates to arrive, the owner proceeded to give us a tour of the restaurant, and his other restaurant upstairs (Arlequino Pizzeria). He then proceeded to show us a private banquet room, where he explained that such a hall would be perfect for an engagement party (wink wink towards me) or even a business conference (nudge nudge towards the bf). He capped it off with some information on the priciest wines from his wine collection . He then accompanied us back to our seats as our meals were being placed on the table, and gave us complimentary promo bags. I wonder if we would have been doted on as much if we didn't appear to be wealthy young professionals.
5	I have been to this restaurant a few times now.   Great service, great food, nice atmosphere!   This place is a hidden gem, just past the firehall.  Most of the restaurant is in the basement.  They have a very nice private room in their wine cellar if you are a larger group.   I always start with something off the menu, its a lasagna in a chicken broth - it is out of this world!!!  then anything else on the menu is a great encore.   They have an excellent wine selection with private imports.   Reservations are needed if there is an event at the Bell Center - so call in advance and enjoy.
