3	Bought a groupon for oil changes... took car in early on Saturday when they don't take appt's. left car an went shopping, 2.5 hours later they hadn't got to it yet.  Rescheduled for an appointment time and when I went in, they were 45 min past appt.  They asked about changing air filter, I told them "only if it is in stock, I can't wait any longer" and they ordered it anyway and made me wait while it got delivered.Once they DID finally get my car in, they did good work and even showed ME how to change my Passenger compartment air filter.I'll know better next time to just leave car all day:(
4	Gave me a good deal on service I had done.....about 30% cheaper than any other service shop.
1	I brought my car in on Thursday December 26th for an oil change and I had concerns that the engine was moving around and causing an exhaust leak.  Rick asked if I could leave the vehicle;  I agreed planning to get the car later that day.  I never received a call so I contacted the shop and told that my engine mounts were bad and the parts were ordered.  They never mentioned that I could drive the car while parts were being shipped and told me I would "definitely have my car back on Friday".I was unable to work Friday and didn't hear from Rick or any other employees.  When I called, I was given more excuses and told the car would not be ready until Saturday 12/28.  I told Rick that I need the car by 2:00 so I could get to work, again I was assured that would not be a problem.Saturday I contacted the shop, reminding them that I needed the car by 2:00, they responded that they were still waiting for parts, they would do their best to have the car ready by 2:00 and they would call me.  I was never called during my 3 day ordeal so I wasn't surprised not to hear from anyone.  I arrived at the shop at 2:10 Saturday afternoon to find my car on the lift, nobody working on it, and Rick and another employee hanging out in the office drinking big gulps.They scrambled away when I inquired about my car so I followed them into the bay where my car was sitting.  I was told that the engine mounts were fine, but some bolts were loose, one had shearded off and I should be happy that I didn't have to pay $800.  I was shown the special Chrysler bolts that had to be ordered but not installed.  I was told to bring my car back when "I had time to leave it" so the bolts could be installed.  The next day I took my car to another shop that repaired the bolts in 20 minutes.  The mechanic said that whoever replaced the engine mounts previously didn't properly tighten the bolts.My greatest concerns are the complete lack of communication, I felt like my car was being held hostage, and I felt like your employees were trying to cover up a mistake that they had previously made.As I was driving away I had to call to make sure the oil had been changed because there wasn't a mileage sticker.
1	Fool me twice! We ha taken one of our work trucks in for a head gasket. Estimate was $1400 and would take a day. After the motor was torn apart it jumped to $2850 and took 5 days to get it back. Knowing this, like an idiot I took my own work truck in for a real seal replacement on the transfer case. I said verbatim "This is all I want done, not one other thing." Estimate was $79 and would take an hour. 3 hours later this dingus calls and says "Your AC filter is trashed and needs to be replaced" I asked "1. What are doing under my dash in the cab? The driveshaft is under the truck. And 2. Is my rear seal replaced?" He says "Deerrr nope, we had to do a vehicle assessment first." Long story short, they got it done, 5 HOURS LATER! When I got my truck back, some hand tools were missing from the passenger floor, as well as the accessory cable for my radio. More than Morons, they ate Mostons.
1	Called to see if I needed an appt to get an oil change and was told, "no, come on in, we're pretty slow right now".  I was there 5 minutes later and one customer was there ahead of me, and had apparently been there for quite a while. Despite their apparent lack of business, it took one hour and 45 minutes for what should've been a 15 minute oil change.  There was no explanation, no apology, and really no service at all.  Also, the waiting room is uncomfortably hot.  I'll be going elsewhere from now on.
1	PLEASE DO NOT BRING YOUR CAR HERE!! I brought my car in for the 30/60/90 service for $250, which includes many different things to be looked at and fixed. When I go there, they inspected the car and determined I only needed an oil change and a brake fluid flush. The 30/60/90 service includes a free tire rotation, which was not done or on my receipt, which I didn't notice till later. The oil change and brake fluid flush were done fine I guess, I havnt had any problems with that 'yet', however after leaving I have a coolant leak that was not there before, my belly pan is damaged from being placed on the lift incorrectly, AND my door lock actuator is not working properly, which actually may or may not be from them, but I find it one heck of a coincidence after they're service now my door lock actuator is not working correctly, but whatever. This is the worst case scenario, I brought my car in for service and left with more problems then I came with DONT BRING THESE GUYS YOUR CAR, stick with you regular mechanics, if you need to come here cause its the only Fletcher's not busy on the Saturday you need service, there's a reason for that! and if possible reschedule for next Saturday when your regular mechanics are available. People write bogus reviews to give people 5 Stars but not 1 star! And while my lock actuator not working, could or could not be credited to them to them from screwing around with my bmw electrical system, the worst feeling is to have to wonder whether or not if you brought your car elsewhere would you be having all these problems you did not have before THEY'RE service!
1	I took my vehicle here for an oil change. Right after the oil change I noticed a leak. I took my car back in for another oil change and told them it's been leaking. The employees appeared panicked asking me who did the last oil change and I told them you did.  They said I could have a faulty oil filter and they changed it out along with the new oil change. They told me to come back if it continues to leak. It still leaked afterwards. I then took it in again some time later. I asked for another oil change as it had been a few months.  They looked at my car and said they're unsure where the leaks coming from.  They asked me to bring it back the following week so they could look at it again. Here I am yet again still leaking and it's been several months. I take back in just last week and they tell me it's the oil cooler and the center bolt that need replaced all for just over $500! I think they damaged the part during the oil change and they knew this when I came back which is why they were in a panic. Plus the fact that I'm a woman! My vehicles a 2010 with no problems other than this. I won't ever go back to them!  They're scam artist! Do not go here!!'
1	I can't help but not feel cheated. I bought a groupon to get my oil changed and new brake pads at this location.  I waited over 2.5 hours the first time I came in. I finally was able to leave, only for a week or two later my car's brakes started to make horrible sounds. I called, they said bring it in. I had to wait until I got a Saturday free, and took it in.  After a two hour wait I'm told my rear brakes need to be replaced and I'm slapped with a nearly $300 bill.  The idiot that changed my brakes replaced my brakes in the front that I just had replaced! The manager offered me a discount and expressed how they are trying to revamp this location.   I can guarantee I will not be coming back here anytime soon.  I will not be held accountable for your mechanics incompetence.
1	Sent my wife home crying. This location is a complete joke. Ordered the wrong tires multiple times, lied, and didn't communicate for 4 hours as my family waited. Only ONE person was willing to help and that is the reason for the single star. Without him, I would give this zero stars. With so many mechanic shops and auto repair places around, you can afford to treat your customers so poorly. When mentioning their yelp rating, I was told, "no one cares about that."  Well, new manager of Fletcher's, for your sake, I hope you're right. I would be willing to bet that more people take stock in customer reviews than you think though. Especially when it comes to shady service and poor treatment.
1	Don't explain anything in detail and have numerous hidden charges I would pay a little more money and go to another place than go to this place again!!
1	Never get tires at Fletcher! Horrible customer service! Bought my tires new from them, had a flat and yes they fixed the flat. They through the spare in my trunk with out putting it back in right. Didn't even bother to check the air pressure in the other tires and a month later when the tire went flat again the guy told me it would be at LEAST a 2-3 hour wait! To fix a flat???
