4	CC is one of the few 24 hour hangouts in the city. It's a homey little place (well, it was a house!) that serves coffee and some food. They've also got free WiFi and tons, tons, tons of events. Smoking is allowed inside, despite the fact they designate some areas as "non-smoking" rooms (which almost seem like a joke, considering it's such a small place) the building has poor ventilation and it's often too smokey for me. And I generally like to go to coffee houses to relax and read, which the events can definitely discourage, so I don't find myself going to CC all that much. But if you like live poetry and music (sometimes really loud music) at your coffeehouse, CC is a great place to be. They also have a cute boutique in the basement that sells merch by local fashion designers.
3	This place doesn't impress me at all really. It has nothign going for it that any otherplace wouldn't have.  Actually the first time I went here I was offered some Pot by a 30 something low life to whom's offer I graciously declined and left promptly. So bascially it scares me.good to know:Hookah is availible wednesday and friday nights
3	I was planning on checking this place out after viewing the Phoenix Arts Museum but apparently they moved to 750 nw Grand Ave inside the Paper Heart Gallery.  So ignore the old address.  Hopefully I'll get a chance to check it out before I leave town.  3 stars for still existing and because I have to rate it to post.
3	This rating is actually 2.5 stars.  I've  not been to the original CCC, as shown in the photos. I visited the coffee house after they had relocated to The Paper Heart (an art venue downtown).  The Paper Heart is a decent local hang-out -- not spectacular, but not  horrible either.  My cheif complaint is that I came there with friends, eager to sit down, enjoy art, and talk -- but the music was too loud to even think.  The place is already pretty small, and the whole front half was dominated by a stage/various amplifiers/music equipment/etc.  I like music, but this was overkill -- an acoustic, or folk music vibe would have suited it much better.  If the place was selling itself as a bar/rock-venue that might have been different.   But they were trying to display art and sell food & coffee too.  You can't expect people to eat, and sip coffe with their ear next to a blaring speaker.
