1	Not a very good place at all.  Be very careful of this place as they tack on all kinds of move-out charges.  They make you show a receipt that the apartment has been "professionally cleaned" when move out.  I had my neighbor clean the place as she did an exceptional job.  Because she is not a registered cleaning company, they charged me $130 for not having a registered company clean the apartment.  Also, make sure that you pay rent before the first of the month if it falls on a holiday.  They charged me $75 for not paying them on time because they were closed on the first of the month.  Because they decided to close on the first, they charged other tenants and I $75 for supposedly paying late.  Be very careful if you decide to live at this apartment complex.
1	I've been a resident of this "beautiful" community for three years.  Three years too many.  I have dealt with several unbecoming situations in this complex including a used condom taped to my door, a combative leasing staff, being walked in on naked by contractors this company has hired.  Dirty grounds over run with stray cats and cigarette butts.  Save yourself the application fee and RUN!!!  This place is horrible and I can't wait until my lease is up so I can be done with this living hell.  I have been startled awake many times in the night having to call the police due to domestic violence issues.  So much, so that the police dispatcher knows my voice!  Management gave a "devil may care" attitude regarding such a dangerous situation.  For your safety and health, DO NOT RENT HERE!  DO NOT MAKE THESE PEOPLE ANY RICHER!!!
1	I'm giving this place one star because yelp doesn't have a half star or no star option.  I lived there for five years.  Now, one might suspect that, well, you lived there five years, you must've loved it!  Oh nay, my friends.  Nay.I lived there at first, because it was honestly the cheapest place I could find that was in a decent location.  I then was locked into lease agreements I couldn't get out of unless I paid up the wazoo. I will say, being just two minutes from The Biltmore IS quite nice.  However, the apartments themselves... absolutely dreadful.  In the time I lived there, the management changed hands at LEAST once... perhaps twice.  Anyway, when a change was made, somehow, for some reason, the prices raised as well.  Surprising, as no changes were made to ANY part of ANY apartment home, in ANY section of the complex.  But, I digress...The place in infested.  I found tons of cockroaches, and finally in the middle of one night, a scorpion.  THAT about did it for me.  And even after numerous phone calls, letters, visiting personally, etc. to tell management about the infestation problems, I NEVER got responses, and the issues were NEVER addressed.  THEN there's the whole matter of the air conditioning... see, they control when, during the year, you may USE your air conditioning.  And they don't like to let you use it for some reason.  So when it reaches temps of over 90 degrees in late March/early April, which, by the way, means it gets to over 100 degrees INSIDE the apartment, and you complain and complain and complain about it being unfit to reside in... you are not responded to directly.  Instead, they attach a note to everyone's door saying "we're happy to report you can use your air conditioning in 2-4 weeks!" ...REALLY??In addition to THAT!... once able to use said air conditioning, it started leaking, causing water damage to the ceiling, and causing me to have to use a bucket to catch the river of water falling from the ceiling.  After calling their "emergency" line numerous times, I would get someone to show up and "fix" it.  About a week later, it would start again.  Same procedure.  That probably happened 8 times within 4 months.  By the time I moved out, it still wasn't fixed.  Even after they cut a hole in the ceiling (which they forgot about as the hole was still there three weeks later and I had to physically go to the office and tell them the work wasn't finished), then patched it with "new" ceiling... still leaked.  Still had water damage.Then there's the plumbing.  The kitchen sink would, approximately every 3 months, start to flood and back up into my kitchen.  Mind you, I am a single girl.  Who barely even USES any appliances in her kitchen.  And there would be rotten food that backed up that I had never HAD in my kitchen to begin with... the pipe was connected with the apartment next door.  It was disgusting. This happened so many times, I began to start all my phone conversations/messages to them with "it's me again!"The management is slow, rude, uncaring, and only out to squeeze every red cent from you they possibly can.  They're probably STILL after me to pay something.  This is THE worst possible place anyone can live.  It's shameful.  This place makes me physically angry.  But I did learn something from them.  You have to watch out for yourself.  And if you're living in a place that is literally UN-liveable, you should find legal ways to get out of it.  Do not let this place happen to you.
1	Well I never Lived Here. But I got a really nice look at the place when I tracked my stolen iPhone To an apartment there.  You have to love the find my iPhone app! You could see it was in one specific section of the apartments... The police was nice enough to come out and knock on the doors, However most of the people who live there simply turn off the lights and didn't answer the door.  It's that kind of friendly place. So here's what you do if you want to live with people who will steal somebody's iPhone from a clothing store Changing room, Definitely move there.
1	I just resigned my lease earlier this month for another year. I really regret my decision to stay. In the year I have lived here I have had nothing but problems mostly with maintenance but lately with the leasing office. I've had maintenance in my apartment without permission and without living notice they were even there or that they fixed the problem. With the leasing office the lost one of my money orders from June and beginning of October I was made aware of a past due amount on my account. When the leasing office confirmed they did not cash that money order I was told I had to pay to retrieve my money and I was only offered sorry this was a mistake made from previous management. This place could care less about their residents, they have no clue how to run their office and the people who work there are constantly changing therefore no one knows what to do. I would never recommend this as a place to live to anyone.
1	Well I never Lived Here. But I got a really nice look at the place when I tracked my stolen iPhone To an apartment there.  You have to love the find my iPhone app! You could see it was in one specific section of the apartments... The police was nice enough to come out and knock on the doors, However most of the people who live there simply turn off the lights and didn't answer the door.  It's that kind of friendly place. So here's what you do if you want to live with people who will steal somebody's iPhone from a clothing store Changing room, Definitely move there.
1	I moved into Colonade in January of this year and am glad to say that I am moving out. These apartments are not well built and have been falling apart since the beginning of my lease here. When you move into the apartment, it is poorly cleaned and smells of cigarettes and mildew. The neighbors are extremely loud and scream throughout the night. Management is poor and doesn't seem to address problems whether you call them or the problem is in plain sight. Don't move to Colonade. It's not worth the money and you would do better living in a shelter.
