2	anyone who has lived in the East Valley for more than two years and says they've never eaten here on a after-bar food run is a mentiroso (liar).open 24 hours, this is only good when your taste buds, along with your judgment, is compromised.fast food, but no taco bell, this is more authentic. come 2:30 am on the weekends, and even weekdays, the drive thru line snakes around the building, and it's almost all drunk drivers. i don't know why the tempe PD doesn't just stake out the drive thru exit and pick off DUI offenders one by one. expect to see girls running behind bushes to pee and guys trying to start fights from windows, and consider it entertainment as you wait for your food (this can be a 20-30 minute expedition during peak hours).food is not bad, and relatively cheap. just try not to pass out in your car while waiting for it
3	My old school late night 'bertos was in North Phoenix, but this has become my handy work 'bertos.  Confession:  Every once in a while I get a hankering for a greasy quesadilla dipped in hot sauce - at 7am.  I know it's weird.  I can't even explain it.  But say 3-4 times a year the urge strikes and it strikes hard.  This place has satisfied that urge in style.  As a 'bertos quesadilla fan I have to say - be prepared to swab it down with some napkins.  Because it is 100% real cheese so it can be a greasy mess.  The same could be said for much of their food.  It may be greasy - but at least it's real.  You know what you're eating.  One of their cheap combos is an easy 2 lunches.  And while this place definately falls into the "fast food, crap food" category vs. the "hole in the wall, heaven" kind of food - it's a great alternative to have.
3	This is a decent Filiberto's.  Certainly better than the abomination on Apache Blvd.  But it's not nearly as strong as some of the Phoenix locations, specifically the one at 19th Ave & Dunlap.Ranking the various Filiberto's and its numerous imitators is an important exercise for taqueria fans in Phoenix.  Serious connoisseurs of 24-hour Mexican food need to know how to avoid stale torillas, under-stuffed burritos and slimy chicken.
5	You can't go wrong with the chile relleno, chicken, or breakfast burritos. I can't believe there isn't a review of this place up yet. The horchata isn't as good as La Tolteca's, but you can't walk to La Tolteca from Palo Verde at 2 in the morning, and it wouldn't even be open anyhow. My 5 stars take into consideration the price (extremely cheap), service (always solid, not exceptional, but generally friendly at a minimum), and cleanliness (may look grubby, but I've never gotten sick). I don't think the jukebox works.The chips with guacamole are decent (they come with a mountain of shredded cheddar) but only if you add some red salsa.LITTLE KNOWN SECRET ALERT: free chips at lunchtime (could be weekdays only). Do it.
4	I am just s sucker for a chips and salsa bar. This is the only location I am aware of with one.Inside an ex McDonalds sits this Filibertos, on island in a decaying parking lot. The menu is standard for fast hole in the wall Mexican. This may not come as a surprise to my readers but I opt for the chili rellno burrito. I really like their take on it. It consists of the obligatory chili rellno but it is surrounded by guacamole and a tortilla, simple rich and oh so good.As I stated before the draw of this location is the free chips at the salsa bar. The chips the usual well ground corn chips slightly warmed, but the free party really adds to the meal, on average I think I can add over 1000 calories for free to my lunch. Adding to the self serve fun this is one of the few locations with a soda fountain that you can access for free refills.
1	This Filiberto's was not as yummy as other ones. I don't know if it is just a difference in cooks but the food just didn't taste that good. This was the closest one to my work; I now have found other Mexican food restaurants by my work. Don't want to go back to this location again. I would gladly go to other locations though. Filib's makes for great drunk, and hung-over, food!
2	Our friend brought us some Filibertos because it was 3a and we were hungry. It was okay. The tortilas were a bit stale and dry on the burritos. The guac isn't good. It has value going for it though; the portions are cheap and gigantic, especially the carne asada fries. They seemed like a giant plate of frozen fries that a few carne asada tacos were emptied out over. And since it was 3a, even not-great Mexican food was greatly appreciated.
1	No no no...do not go here, now I'm not talking about the fact that the place looks crappy, or the bathroom is suspect but the fact that the food is nasty. It was completely empty when we were there and that should have been some indication on what to expect but no I am a glutten for punishment. I ordered some tacos and didn't even finish the meal I ended up just tossing the food and still got a tummy ache from what little I did eat. This place is definitely not a good look
1	Initially coming into this Filiberto's for lunch, I thought I had accidentally stumbled into a Halloween themed haunted house.  I check my phone for the date and see that it is too early for Halloween.  Interesting.  Someone tried to pass this place off as a restaurant.  Wow, you got me going, good job.  Scared the shit out of me!Let us hit the brakes and back up a bit.  The parking lot here has had zero maintenance performed on it.  I think this building used to be an old Carl's Jr. or Jack in the crack that was poorly renovated and has a really piss poor paint job on the exterior.  Potholes in the parking lot made me think my truck had a flex capacitor in it and brought me back in to time to when I was in Philadelphia, dealing with the world's shittiest roads.  Nope, still in Arizona.  I assume there is a lobbyist in the vehicle alignment business working hand and hand with this establishment.If you can get through this minefield of the parking lot, might as well go for broke and come into the restaurant.  There is an entertainment factor due to the signs all over the place yelling at you to not fill up your cup with soda if you have not paid for it.  Classy.I don't expect fillet mignon from Filiberto's but I also don't expect to have the cook stare at me the entire time I am waiting for my food.  That guy looks really pissed off.Been here several times and wanted to enjoy the chip and salsa bar with almost zero chances to seize the opportunity.  The chips that are left are broken if there is any in there at all.  Ask them to put more in, the cook will just stare at you.  No chip refill.  There is a plastic fork laying in one of the salsa containers.The air conditioning control unit is hanging about a food off of the ceiling only suspended by the failing duct tape trying so hard to defy gravity, like Sylvester Stallone trying to save the girl in the Movie "Cliffhanger."  The walls here looked like there was wallpaper ripped off and never replaced.  A few of the seats have no padding on them,  but plenty of graffitti to read to help pass the time.  My particular booth on one visit read "Fukkin Crakar" written on it.  Maybe I should bring my Mom here for lunch.  I can teach her all there is to know about racial slang.The bathroom is constantly trashed with no soap and am amazing amount of piss all over the floor.  No worries, there is yet more gang graffitti written in languages I can't read all over the stalls which I assume is not a positive message (like "have a great day, champ!")  There is no sign to indicate the men's room from the women's room either, the first time I was in there the men's room sign was sitting in the urinal.  Think they replaced it? Bagging on Filiberto's is easy and I know that, but this particular location seems to really go out of their way to have a beat to shit restaurant.  It is more depressing than the condition of a landscaping pick up truck I once owned.  If it wasn't for the Tuesday 99 cent menu... well...I really don't know how to finish this sentence.
4	Pretty ghetto restaurant, not a surprise though based on the prices.I've always heard people complaining about Filiberto's and getting food poisoning and whatnot, however in 5 years that's yet to happen to me.  Many a long night of drinking has ultimately led me here, and my favorite thing to get, hands down, is the pollo asado burrito.  Carne asada isn't too bad, either, and I really can't comment on most of the other food because I mainly eat those two burritos.  I've taken my parents here a few times when they'd flown into town and their only complaint was that they kept getting too much food and would never be able to finish the leftovers.It's not some la-di-da place, however Filiberto's will always have a place in my heart...
2	While my friend Rand H. enjoyed his meal here, I was not impressed.  There are no Filibertos in Northern California.  When I moved to Arizona and saw them all over I thought I might want to try them.  Almost everyone I know said "noooooo, don't do it!".  But I did not listen.  And I do like to think for myself.  Not everyone has the same taste so I gave it go. The taco shell was a bit stale, the meat tasted over cooked and greasy.  There was only one good thing about the burrito, the tortilla was fresh.  Overall I doubt I will go back but at least I can say I tried it.
3	Not the best taqureria.I prefer amados late night or Rivas.but its close to my house after a late painting session or working in the garage,if you order simple you,ll be fine,preferably if you have a maxi can buddy to order for you,you probably wont get the squirts,haha
1	I usually don't go to many Mexican foods, and I can't say what's good, and what's not, but this place is definitely not my favorite. I had a beef burrito, I felt it was kind of raw, and had juice coming out of the burrito. Dunno maybe that's the way it is, but it tasted wrong and nasty.Also, their beans and rice arent good either.
2	soggy food
3	I like Filibertos a lot. I have eaten at most of the locations several times. This particular location is pretty reliable, there are some occasional misses but they are rare. They have a fairly nice and large interior with a salsa bar. Try an arizona burrito with beans or the two taco combo... delicious. And don't worry about rumors, I have been eating Filibertos since high school, hundreds of times by now, and have never, EVER, gotten sick.
1	"Best Mexican Food in Arizona, California, New Mexico"? Oh God I hope not. If so, I am so sorry.I went there the other day with some co-workers and ordered the #17--2 Carne Asada Tacos for $7.77. While I waited for my plate to come out, I helped myself to the self-service chips & salsa bar. The food came out relatively quickly and the portions were quite generous.I was presented with the typical Mexican plate--tacos, rice, and refried beans. While the carne asada tacos were relatively average, the accompanying rice and beans were absolutely terrible. Honestly...how can you mess up rice and beans? They tasted like they were mixed with cleaning solution.In retrospect, any place that prides itself as "Best..." is a self-delusional ploy at convincing yourself that your canned/frozen goods are better than other places' fresh goods. Methinks not.
2	"I have never gotten sick from this place" shouldn't be a positive review. I haven't...but still. I stopped going here the second time I got an incorrectly rolled burrito. I mean c'mon! The name of the place is Filibertos and the entire staff is Mexican! Incorrectly rolled burritos? TWICE!?!?! WTF?It'll work for me if its 230am and I am in a car that is already going through the drive through. I have often made the decision to go to Denny's across the street for late night grub. They've never f'ed up a burrito there!
1	My fiance and I just left there. We are drunk and happy, so most food, at this point, would be pleasing to the palate. However, as we sat there debating the 17 pounds of inedible food left on our plates, here was our conversation:"We just paid $17 for this shit?""Yep.""Should we take it home to the dogs?""I don't really feel comfortable giving it to them, do you?""Nope."And so then, we threw that crap in the trash can.That about sums it up. Next time, I will indulge in Jack in the Box tacos: 2 for $0.99.
1	Hey, we know what we're getting with Filiberto's... cheap Mexican grub in large quantities! Some Filiberto's are clean and somewhat nice, this location definitely isn't one of them.  The dining room was dark, grimey and dingy, the tables are too high for the bench seats, and whats with only turning on a single light in the entire space???  The restaurant had a weird odor ( I probably don't want to know what it was) and our food was all extremely over cooked, probanly spending an entire day under the warming lights because most people have abandoned this location.  Every single thing in the restaurant was worn out and dirty. Time to spend a few bucks on a rehab or close this dump down. What a waste of a meal!
1	Will try not to eat here unless I am drunk. Greasiest tortillas I've ever eaten. The location off Guadalupe and Mcclintock is much tastier.
4	Wanna know how to ALWAYS get something good from this 'Bertos?Order this:Steak Egg and Cheese BurritoThat puppy will NEVER let you down.  Moist, tender, flavorful carne asada with fried egg (yolks cooked all the way - not runny) and artery-choking cheddar cheese.It is a huge amount of food, and be sure to ask for 3 containers of red salsa if you are taking it "To Go" as you will need that many to have salsa with every bite.The flavors meld together VERY WELL and this will hit both your salt craving and your protein sweet spot.  It's my favorite "fast food" burrito in town - and I've had a LOT of them over the last 15+ years of living in The PHX.Guaranteed you will like this one, if you eat carne asada and eggs in any other setting.
3	I love that you are always there for me, all hours of the night, less than a mile from my home. I always get the bean and cheese burrito with extra cheese. I am no thrill seeker here. I really really dislike just about all Mexican food, but the bean and cheese stays close to my heart. I get bean and cheese burritos every time my husband drags me to one of these shady little Mexican establishments, and I would say that Filibertos does not do it best. This particular location is one of the biggest I have seen, but still a little too sketch for me to sit and eat there. Also, the drive thru takes FOREVER. Just run in - it will be much faster. Good burritos, and I will always be back for you, Filis!
4	Filiberto's is a local favorite for late-night Mexican food. The quality of food has always been decent and worth the wait-time. This location takes exceptionally long, but it's a good sign that your food is fresh. Items to get: Bacon Breakfast Burritos, Carne Asada Fries and anything with Guacamole. Their salsa is also decent and has some kick to it.
1	After hearing a few individuals talk about Filibertos at work I thought I would give them a try.  Sadly to say after 3 different meals and visits to their drive thru I have to report the food is beyond edible or palatable.   On two occasions the beans and rice were disgusting.   I attempted the chicken quesadillas were sandwiched between two massive tortillas with queso slop not cheese, the chicken tasted like canned chicken that had not been opened in years.  Instead of putting sour cream and guacamole on the side it slopped on inside which added to a even sloppy mess.  The flavors were so bad that this expensive mess had to be just thrown out.  With all the options there are for Mexican food....runnnnn to somewhere else.  Serrano's was heaven compared to this place.
2	It's Filiberto's. They are all similar, but differ considerably in food quality and service.This one is the worst Filiberto's I've been to. Dirty, poor quality, and staff we encountered were argumentative and rude. I think my wife and I got sick from the food at this one.Like any Filiberto's, the burritos come with pure meat. Wanna add rice or beans? It'll cost ya! Wait... they have to remove meat to fit the rice/beans. Rice and beans are cheaper than meat! Why on earth would anyone charge more money when they are saving money??!?  Senseless!
1	Service sucks. Food is decent, except they never get the order right.  Every time I have been there I have either been treated so poorly for no reason, I would rather go to a different location so I don't get snarled at by the staff.
3	The food came out quick. I recommend the chicken quesadilla plate.
2	A lot of food for a cheap price; that's the only reason this place doesn't get one star. Place is just nasty dirty! Used my debit through the drive through, and the guy hands me the thing to type in my pin and its just covered with crap. By crap I mean it looked like it was dunked in grease, and then splashed with some kind of red sauce. I told him I wasn't about to touch that, you could tell he was mad. Thought he would clean it off, instead ran me as credit...
1	Ugh. I love Filbertos cheap, tasty food but I hate the service! I called earlier today to see if they could deliver. A girl picked up, said "hold on" and hung up. Then I called back several times and nobody answered. Pretty obvious they were dodging my calls.
1	Dear Filly B's,I have loved you long time, we were bff for nearly 10 years... that is until you gave me food poisoning. I will never eat carne asada again thanks to you. I knew we wouldn't last forever, nothing that hot and heavy ever lasts long.
1	So I love burritos and will try one at just about any Mexican fast food place. I know what to expect when I eat at those places and know what to expect from Filibertos but this Filibertos should be closed down.It was horrible and nearly inedible. I really love food and usually can deal with some bad stuff but this was just disgusting. The tortilla was overcooked as well as everything else inside. The meat was horrible and very low quality. Be sure to avoid this location at all costs. Could not finish my food and it gave me a sour stomach throughout the night into the morning.
2	we had been frequenting this location for many years (probably 60+ visits), but we will never go there again. . it has gone so downhill...i agree with the earlier review that stated that it should be closed down. it seems like every surface in this place is dirty, and the service is exactly what the opposite of friendly is. you would think that after giving this place so much business, after being regular customers for so many years, that we would be treated nicely...not the case. we were treated so rudely the last time we went (by an awful lady who works the drive-thru window late at night), that we vowed to never go there again.  there is a new location over on priest and washington that has much better condiments, is a much nicer restaurant, and has a far friendlier staff.
3	Definitely a real Filibertos. The food was pretty good; what I expect when I go to any Filibertos location. I got the chicken tacos (as I usually do), and they were pretty good. I will say, though, that I had some pretty nasty, kind of painful indigestion the next day... so I'm not sure what to think of that. Could be because I haven't been eating much processed food lately. Careful, though.
3	I visited this place on 9/1/2013. I love that they are open 24 hours. I recently moved to the area and after a long day of moving my husband and I were very hungry. We used to eat at Julioberto's in Phoenix (see my review on them), and I was skeptical about Filiberto's after hearing they are nothing like Julio's. However, I was pleasantly surprised. The portions are huge, like a Julio's, but the food was different. My husband's Chimichanga was great! and I enjoyed the burrito/taco combo I got as well. I like Filiberto's beans better than those served at Julioberto's. We each got a huge combo and split a drink (with a side of sour cream) for under $20, which, for the portions, is very fair. If we weren't so hungry, we could have easily split a combo, which we often do at Julio's. Another thing I appreciated about this place was that they got my order correct. At Julio's I often was missing little extra add-ons, or they would get my drink order wrong. Nothing devastating, just irritating and Filiberto's GOT IT RIGHT THE FIRST TIME!!If you're looking for a late night tasty Mexican feast for cheap-- LOOK NO FURTHER and go to Filiberto's!
1	Have you ever had to wait 30 minutes in the drive through? Neither had I until I went to this hell hole. The obese woman who takes your money had a look of emptiness in her eyes as if she knows her life has peaked. I'm sure the cook was sleeping or getting high in the bathroom while I was waiting for my order of one burrito with two cars in front of me. I can't believe it took literally 30 minutes from when I drove up to when I was given my receipt and not even thanked for paying them to give me diarrhea. Screw that.
1	Worst place to stop and eat in the morning. 3 cars in the drive way and it's taking 20 mins. This is not the first time. Seems only one person works at this time.
1	I don't really know what the heck I just ate here, but I thought I had ordered a Carne Asada burrito.  They gave me a bunch of meat, guac, salsa all wrapped in a fried tortilla...where is the produce??  It tasted like a gigantic greasy abomination...im sorry but that is not a burrito.  I'm not sure of the quality of the meat, but I think I'll try and find a better place to go for my lunch break.
1	Sorry excuse for a filebertos horrible staff carna asada full of grease carnitas full of grease dirty restaurant meat taste like it might make me sick you will be better off going to taco bell
1	Came here on my lunch break for a simple $5 meal. I waited in the drive thru for no less than 20 minutes. The last five minutes of waiting took place AFTER I had finally paid. TOO SLOW!!! You would think in all that time I would get my meal the way I asked, without lettuce. But they actually went and put extra lettuce. So rediculous. Never had problems at this Fili B's before until today. Not going back.
2	Usually my stop before heading into my account if I am working the night shift.  The food is a'ight.  I usually just get a bean and cheese burrito and often find that the cheese isn't melted.  Which is crazy that it isn't warmer considered how long the wait is.
2	Excellent customer service is imperative, this location does not have that. Visited this location on 4/29/14 around 10:45PM and the girl that took our order was rude. I'm chalking down that she hates her job and probably her life. Granted, she did say "thank you" once, so she has some hope of success in customer service. It's nice this location is open 24hr and 70% of the time they get your order right. I'll drive to another location for my hungover needs.
3	Hit's the spot - not Taco Tore down in El Paso - they set the bar for me in drive through cheap Mexican
4	Food has always been good at this location: no food poisoning and tastes great! The wait can be a little long sometimes but only like 3-5 minutes longer than your average fast food place. To me, it seems like the longer wait times are due to the fact that they make to order things since I've never seem the employees be lazy/slow and even with no one ahead of me, it always seems like they are making the order just for me!
1	Went here the other night with my girl, worst filibertos I've ever been to. Chicken quesadilla and an arizona burrito took 20 minutes. 20 MINUTES!! The girl at the counter was rude and had this look on her face like she hated life and taking our order was just making it worse. The arizona burrito tasted like crap, I don't even know that it was carne asada. It tasted more like plain ground beef. The potatoes weren't fully cooked. The chicken quesadilla looked as if it was soaking in a pool of grease for the entire 20 minutes we waited. I will NEVER go back to this location, absolutely horrible. Stay away from this Filly B's.
2	I'm not a huge fan. The inside is very old, not dirty just run down. The staff isn't overly friendly inside. The drive in is SO slow... If you are looking for mexican cuisine, just go to a sit down place instead of here. You will probably have the same wait time and price, with a better ambiance.
1	0 stars please.This place is the worse. There is no warmth, just about everyone who works there are rude and don't give a flying you-know-what about their JOBS. Had they cared about their food even, it would not be greasy and tasteless and buried under cheap cheese. The only thing I have been ordering these days are the nachos as that is the only thing I can tolerate, until recently. I ordered it again, with extra guacamole this time. It usually comes with it, but not enough for me. The wretched woman taking my order even asked me a second time about the guac and I acknowledged her. Lo and behold I get home to see that there is no guac at all, not a spec. How do you ask for extra and not get a thing? Simple, the idiots there that work don't give a damn. Its not worth the time or money, do yourself a favor and DONT GO.
2	Not that any Filiberto's location is high-class, but this Filiberto's is the kind of place where it doesn't matter whether or not the employees spit in my food because either way I'm going to eat my burrito under the assumption that they did.
