1	Worst Urgent Care I have ever been to. The staff was friendly but the Physician needs to learn better bedside manners. He was abrupt and arrogant. He made me feel uncomfortable and like I was an idiot for coming in. I loved when he said "I could get and X-ray but I am not because there is nothing wrong with your knee" good to know he has X-ray eyes. I will never return. I already have anxiety with doctors from being misdiagnosed. All I wanted was piece of mind and he couldn't even bother giving me that. It really is to bad there isn't any press ganey for UC's and before you think I  a hospital/UC/Drug seeker because I know this is what it will chalked up too. I worked in an ER for many years and I know what is good service for someone who just needs piece of mind.
1	Should be called Slow Med. Waited 2 hours as my husband and I watched countless people with no reservations that arrived after us be called in BEFORE us. Apparentlythere is some pass that allows people to cut. When I asked the receptionist what we could do to be seen and if we should make a reservation for later that day she didnt seem to understand my logic. She then explained to me that 6 people were ahead of me (at the 2 hr wait mark) and more people could be brought in before us as the day went on. If we had continued waiting I am certain it would have been several more ours before we were seen and the staff could care less. NEVER COME AS A WALK-IN. YOU COULD POTENTIALLY BE THERE FOR THE ENTIRE DAY AND I AM NOT EXAGGERATING. We opted for Dr. Beck another facility that offers walk ins, minimal wait, and excellent reviews and service. Dont waste your time on Slow Med!My advice to the clinic---PUT WALK-INs in the system as they arrive so they can also be held as a reservation...even if it is at a later than they arrived. The staff doesnt even enter you into the database for an hour or more after you arrive! What is the logic?? I could have simply made a reservation at home, arrived, and been seen but I foolishly thought you guys legitimately accepted walk ins!!!
1	Everyone in our family caught this stomach bug that is going around.  All four of us were up the entire night vomiting.  To say the least, it took everything for me and my son to walk into this urgent care clinic.  When we arrived there was not anyone in the waiting room (I thought Yes!, we should be out of here in no time).  My insurance just changed and I did not have my card mailed to me yet.  When I walked up to the counter, the receptionist asked how she could help us.  I told her that my son and I were both there because we were sick.  She quickly asked me if I had insurance.  I gave her a paper with the information on it in hopes she could assist me with it.  She looked at me and said, I cannot take this.  I told her I knew that I needed to get the member number.  She responded, well I can't do that for you.  Ok, what do I need to do? Just let me know so we can get seen.  Again, no assistance.  She looked at me like I was asking her to go way outside of what she is allowed to do.  As I took my paper back, she made another comment about how I needed to get the information. I turned around and said, we are going to another location.  She then said, ok do you want your ID?  Her last response as I was walking out the door with my son, "Have a nice Day'.  It was said in a very rude manner and I was completely floored by this.  This was an absolute terrible experience.  Luckily, I found another urgent care down the street who was able to help us.
3	I'm giving FastMed 3 stars because this is my 3rd time there. My first two experiences were awful. Although I'm not reviewing those experiences, I've not forgotten them either. Today, however was a 5+++ star experience with one minor exception (meant to leave you hangin' there :)). I made my appointment online and arrived at the appointed time. I was quickly greeted by the receptionist who REEKED of cigarette smoke. Seriously overwhelming. Although I've been unable to smell or taste anything for the last 2 weeks, I could not escape the offensive aroma of stale cigarette smoke mixed with the unpleasant smell of a freshly smoked cigarette. There are few aromas that disgust me more. I find this particularly unacceptable in a medical office. Anyway, she was pleasant enough and checked me in quickly and efficiently. I was called back immediately by an X-ray tech. He was very nice and again, efficient. He did introduce himself, which I truly appreciated.  Vitals done quickly & accurately. Tech out. Awesome. The Physicians Assistant, Michael Robago entered the room within 5 minutes of Tech leaving. He introduced himself and asked many relevant questions. His physical exam was thorough and professional. I completely appreciated his professional and sincere bedside manner. He was compassionate and pleasant. I was in and out within 20 minutes!!!!! Outstanding job, gang!  You really made this visit almost worth leaving the house for. Nicorette for everyone! Here! Here!
1	Slowww slowww slow! My boyfriend had to be here before 923 am to take a drug test for a future job. We got here at 910, there were only 2 other people in waiting room and some how didn't check him in till after the expiration time 923. So they had to call the job inform them and make calls to extend the expiration time for the test. Its now 1022 and he was just called back.... This is for his job and makes him look bad as well as its a pee test and took an hour to complete due to their poor attention to detail. Won't be coming back.
3	I went to this Urgent Care clinic due to foot pain. The front desk guy was pretty friendly. The medical assistant (I think? The girl who takes blood pressure, temperature, etc) was not very friendly at all. She seemed like she was having a pretty bad day. The doctor was nice enough. The downside is that I was told that I don't have a fracture, but I still need to wear an orthopedic shoe. I have a "possible" stress fracture. They weren't able to really tell me what the issue is. I guess I'll need to see an orthopedic doctor to find out exactly what is going on with my foot.
1	Honestly I do not even know where to begin with my experience at this urgent care facility... HORRIBLE!!!! The receptionist and staff were friendly, but the physician Larry Fisher was very rude and arrogant the moment he walked into the room. I proceeded to tell him my issue and how I wanted to know what was wrong  because no one has been able to tell me problem. He replied by saying, "This is a urgent care, all I can do is give you some pain killers." sarcastically, without even examining me. Well my goodness!!! If I knew that he wasn't going to examine me to at least give me a hypothetical guess as to what could be the problem... I would have NEVER came!!! I asked him could he at least give me a referral to someone that could help me? He left and returned 5-7 minutes later with a sheet of Family Practitioners in the area, along with a prescription for some painkillers. I've had a referral from a Urgent care facility before and what he gave me was NOT a referral. Right before he left, he said a few words on the matter then went to tend another patient. He didn't give me the opportunity to ask questions or even tell me what medicine he had prescribed. After leaving the facility, I was left more lost and confused and again, not knowing where to seek help. From his arrogant and sarcastic comments, to his sad excuse for a referral, let's just say I was highly upset. For heaven sakes, I was already in an extreme amount of pain and that didn't help. His examination was bad enough, but his apathetic attitude towards my problem made me feel even worst. I will not be attending this urgent care facility again and will also take the issue up with corporate.
1	HORRIBLE!!!!!! Nothing "fast" about this place. You'd have better luck at the Emergency Room. I waited for over an hour in the waiting area after a walk-in visit and there was only two people in front of me! Once in the back, I waited for over an hour and 15 minutes to see the DR!! Don't waste your time or money on this joke of a place, try a home remedy! !!!
1	The Worst! The receptionist seemed annoyed that she had to wait on you or answer any questions. I was given forms to fill out that don't even ask why you're there. With the reception I received I felt like I was bothering them. This person gives a very poor first impression of this organization.I spoke with another patient who had been waiting an hour and there were at least six people ahead of her! Since I was suffering from extremely painful muscle spasms in my back, I chose to leave and go to Nextcare, a few miles up the road. I had left Hell and walked into Heaven!  Friendly staff, compassionate doctor and very clean facility. 45 minutes from the time I walked in the door and when I left.I would not recommend FastMed to my worst enemy! I would give it no stars if I could.
1	This place is a joke. Went here with my wife, she checked in at 3:30pm on a Saturday and still hadn't been seen by 5:45pm. I understand they were busy but maybe they should have more than 1 doctor working at a time.
