4	Pizza and salad were very good. Just opened so service was friendly but a little a confused as they still seem to be learning the ropes.
5	Mesculin salad and Hawaiian pizza ala Napolitaine style...very tasty! Quick service,  quality Ingredients friendly atmosphere.
4	Great concept - Make your own pizza. The pizza tastes so fresh and authentic and is cook beautifully in the wood fire ovens in less than 2 minutes. The ingredients are prime quality and certainly taste like it. All fresh, nothing tastes canned, premade or frozen. Great experience overall, and reasonable on the pricing. Organization lacks a bit, but let's give these guys a break they've just opened.
4	This place claims to make authentic Neopolitan pizza,all customised to your tastes and specifications.You pick the pizza style you want and choose your toppings,all fresh and neatly laid out. I had the Marguerita,very tasty,but would have preferred a bit more fresh basil. The interior of the place looks like an unfinished warehouse,complete with exposed ventilation pipes. Tables look like something out of kiddy school; pressed wood with the pizza logos on them. Service timely,pizza piping hot and freshly made,prices reasonable. Worth checking out.
5	Great pizza.  I had the Fungi which was light , fresh, fast, and deliciously hot.  The staff were helpful and skilled at their work.  It is like the Chipotle of pizza.  The store is also has a nice Brooklyn 2.0 vibe.
5	I love their pizzas!! The crust is delicious and all the toppings are so fresh. I especially love those little red peppers, I don't even know what they are called but, wow, so yumm!! Will definitely be coming here every time I'm in Montreal! Next time, I'm throwing an egg on it!
5	Pizza is great. lots of choices for toppings  and final price is reasonable. Staff are friendly. Even when there are big lines (which is often), it is still much quicker then most pizza places. I have eaten there several times as well as brought friends and everyone said they would go back. Best part of eating there is when I leave, I am full but don't have that heavy lethargic feeling that I get at most traditional pizza places.
2	Tasteless pizza. My friend and I went randomly maybe three weeks ago, and they had no idea what they were doing. Ordered my pizza and customized it, the chef looked at me like I was crazy. Payed for the pizza ended up being more expensive than ordering in and more than one box of pizza. Ready to pay and the cashier couldn't "print my bill". Yes the pizza is freshly made, the toppings-they need to add more-extremely stingy with them actually. We were sitting next to another group of ppl and one of them was complaining about the same thing I have. Tasteless tasteless pizza. I get they are trying to be authentic, put please add some flavor to your tomato sauce sheesh.
3	Decent pizza, nice decor.
4	Nice staff very friendly and patient in explaining how you make a perfect choice where you make you own pizza indeed. The prices reasonable and pizzas maybe not perfectly perfect but good. Only reason i give four stars is having got a slightly burnt pizza a day when i guess was due to load of customers.
3	OK Pizza. Great crust. Long wait.
3	As a self-proclaimed pizza guru, I was extremely excited to check out Stanley's latest wood oven pizza joint. To take it all inPros- Pizza made in front of you in little time- Huge selection of fresh & high-end ingredients- 4 Sauce options!- In attempts to differentiate from most dt pizza joints, the bottled beverages are organic juices and imported beers. The beer pairing (inn-something) was divine and I would highly recommend it- Nice decor & layout creates a great ambiance for groups or datesCons- Poor execution: my pizza was either greasy (pesto) or watery (thin marinara). I literally had to roll up each sliceOverallI had an okay pizza. Fancy ingredients and branding can't replace experience. Apart from the gentleman who manned the ovens, the staff lack rigid protocol to ensure each pie is up to brand standard. I would potentially go back, but would test the waters with very simple toppings.
3	When you work downtown like I do the usual lunchtime food court fare gets boring pretty quickly.  That's why I'm always excited when I hear about a new restaurant opening up in this area.  Needless to say when I started to hear things about Brigade Pizzeria Napolitaine I knew I had to check it out.Brigade Pizzeria Napolitaine makes Neapolitan-style pizzas fresh to order.  You can either start with a base and add whichever toppings you like or choose from one of their pizzas on the menu.  Since the crust is pretty thin it's best not to overload your pizza with toppings.  What had me so eager to try this place was the fact that they use a wood-burning oven to cook their pizzas.  Any restaurant that does this usually scores major points in my books.  That being said my sausage and pepper pizza was okay but nothing to write home about.  First off I asked for the crust to be well done and it was not.  They also put too much oil on the pizza so the crust got soggy.It was lunchtime so there was quite a line-up of people who worked nearby.  That being said the staff are quite good at managing the crowds.  It did get a little crowded and confusing around where they give you your finished pizza but overall service was efficient.For me the major downside is the price.  My pizza and a San Pellegrino clementina came to around $15.  Like I said my pizza was okay but the prices weren't justified if you ask me.  I would consider coming back in the future if I'm nearby but I won't go out of my way for it.
5	Pizza was perfectly cooked. Ingredients are always fresh. Verre Pizza Napolitana at its finest. We are lucky to have this shop in Montreal. Great prices. Great food. Great concept
5	Not loud and messy as a Neapolitan pizzeria, but this place makes a pizza that brings you very close to the taste of the traditional one you can try in Naples. When we got in it was quite busy, but in about ten minutes we were sitting with one of the best Margherita ever tried so far outside Italy. Wood oven, a wide choice of fresh and good-looking ingredients and the possibility to make your own pizza while watching the staff prepare it. If I was still in Montreal, I would certainly come back here. 5 stars.
