5	I've been going to Straight Up Tanning since last summer.  They offer different levels of tanning beds, plus spray tanning, and a red light therapy that is suppose to help skin look younger (haven't tried that yet).  The personnel is friendly & professional; the shop is always clean; the hours are most accommodating.  I can't imagine dropping my membership.
1	I had a horrible experience. I have been tanning here for a few months now. When tanning you press the start button. Today my tanning bed wouldn't start. Apparently the black button was turned off which I had never been shown to check to make sure it was on. I lost out on 3 minutes of my 8 minute tan. The little man working there wouldn't even look up from his cell phone and said there was nothing he could do about it. When I asked for the manager's name and number or when she would be working he replied "ummmmmmm sorry can't tell you. I told him I have paid a lot of money to tan here and will not be treated this way and I told him to not get an attitude with me. He said "ummm who is the one with an attitude?" You need to get rid of this guy or learn how teach your employees to be professional. I would cancel my tanning package if I could be refunded. I will not buy another tanning package after my last tan is used. I will go somewhere else who offers great customer service and is willing to help their customers. You would think with the downfall of the economy, employees would be helpful rather than ignorant and immature.  So disappointed and such an unprofessional man.UPDATE 06/04/2012 I spoke to the acting manager and she was so nice and professional! She helped resolve my issue. I will continue to tan here thanks to employees who offer great customer service.
2	I will only speak in regards to the sunless Mystic tanning as I don't do regular tanning. They do not offer the actual "dark" color made by Mystic. In fact, they actually make you pay an additional $5 upgrade for what they call the "dark" color but on the bottle it says "medium". I've used this exact sunless tanning system at other facilities and know this line very well. Dark is dark and medium is medium. Black and white people get it right! In addition, after you spray tan you walk out of the booth and there is NO fan! So... You have to air dry which takes forever or you ruin your tan that you just spent $30 by putting your clothes on before your tan can completely dry.  If you like sunless tanning...  GO somewhere else. I just joined Body Heat and they offer the Versa and I love it! Super affordable to!
4	i like the stand up idea...Jewels and Liz were both very patient and knowledgeable about tanning and were happy to answer all my questions.  It was these two that made me decide to come here after checking out numerous other places.  Also I had a special event that I was preparing for and The best part was... i had tan going on in two visits!!! Thank you to both of these ladies much appreciated...be sure you give them a chance to explain the different beds
5	Best tanning salon in Vegas!!! The booths are fast and powerful, and unlike any other booths I've ever tried. They are all stand ups. Not only are the booths way more sanitary and clean, the whole salon is. Your first tan is free in their most powerful booth. They have two locations now. I recommend trying them out. You'll never go back to lay down beds!
4	I like it. I don't tan very often being naturally dark but I needed an extra glow after my horrid flu episode.  I really like it there. Wasn't sure how I was going to feel about standing in this small space since I am claustrophobic, but it wasn't bad at all and it was quick. You get a better over all tan without all those weird spots you get from the lay down type of bed. You also get awesome color in just 8 minutes! Instead of laying in a bed for twenty minutes! "Ain't nobody got time for that!!!"The staff that I've dealt with is super friendly! Unlike some of those girls from Bodyheat tanning on 215 and Eastern. They are attitudey. ( I know it's not a word)"Ain't nobody got time for that, either!"So, it's super clean and they have what you need. Deodorant, hair ties, baby wipes, stickers, towels (large and small).I like to cover my face so towels are important!  They do not provide eye wear but if you don't have your own I believe they are 5.00 dollars. They also have little eye sticker things for your eyes.  You have to leave your shoes outside the booth, which I feel is no big deal. But if you have some kind of shoe stealing fear you might not want to go there. I personally don't wear Manolo Blahnik's  to a tanning salon. I come straight from the gym so if you want to take my sweaty gym Nikes, you go!Any who, If you live on this side of town, I recommend tanning here.  It's quick, it's friendly, it's clean and gets the job done.Tip: If you look in those little Zip Code coupon books you can get several coupons for this place. They even have a first time only 5 tans for 5 dollar deal!!
5	I have not been at a tanning place in years, but I wanted to get some color before I went to Hawaii. Looked at www.zipcodemagazines.com and got a coupon for this place. Purchased a package of 5 tanning. Everyone super friendly and helpful. Place very clean. Nice area to remove and reapply your makeup. In 3 visits 6 minutes each I got nice color! ... Now I am back from Hawaii but I will go back to keep my color! Located on 215 and Rainbow... Very convenient! Love it!!!
5	My boyfriend lives in LV and I live in Long Beach. I'm a frequent tanner and since I'm in LV a lot,  I was looking for a salon to tan when I'm there.  We both went in and the girl working there was great! She gave us a tour of the place and throughly explained all the beds and the lotions. Absolutely one of the best salons I've been to...
5	I only tan for about 1 month ever year before I go on a cruise. I always come here because they are very affordable, clean, and convenient.  The best thing about them is that the unlimited packages are a one time charge and you don't have to cancel because they don't store your card info.This place simply rocks
2	If you are claustrophobic, these beds are not for you. I felt like I was tanning in a porta potty. No space to maneuver whatsoever and I am small! The prices were ridiculous !I just moved to this side of town so I needed a new spot to tan. The girl told me unlimited tanning for $109 a month and I can get ONE spray a week. That must be a joke because the last tanning place I went was $70 a month for unlimited tanning in all of the beds plus unlimited mystic. Since it was my first time there, the girl gave me a free session in a level 4 bed. The bed was good but the room was a serious issue to me, I felt trapped. I decided to pay $30 and get a "premium mystic"  I spray tan a lot so I know quality. This was THE WORST spray I've ever got in my life. The solution must have been water because I did not gain any color whatsoever. Will NOT be going back. If I'm going to pay $100 a month for a membership, I'm going to a salon with a spa in it.
1	Came to tan I knew it was close to closing but I just needed a spray tan so takes less then 5 minutes to get in and get out. I walk up to the door 10 minutes to close and the doors are locked. The man working at the desk rudely yelled at me through the door sorry we are closed I then looked at the sign posted at the front door which said I had 10 minutes. I understand if I was tanning in a timed tanning bed for 20 minutes but come on. Then I asked for the managers number and he gave me the store number and laughed at me, then continue to yell at me through the door that he won't give me anymore information and that they will be open tomorrow! I swear if it's the last thing I do I will make it known on every social site I have, how big of an ass hole works at this establishment. I've been a manager at companies before, you first off don't close early that's an extra $35 dollars they would have made, probably half or all his paycheck for the day. Two you don't yell through a door, you kindly open and say I'm sorry we shut everything off not thinking we had more customers if it's possible to come back in the morning and then you hand over information if the customer wants it not snicker and laugh when you give the customer the phone number that'll ring right next to you. Worst customer service and I'll be sure to share this review to all the 75k+ people that follow me on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
5	It's so nice to be greeted by such a lovely young lady when you first walk in the door, so thank you Alexa! Great energy and very helpful in my decision to buy a very reasonable package to help get my tan on before I scare people with my whiteness in a bikini.  Lol. I saw the reviews about the leaving shoes outside the door and I can only think it may because of the potential heat and/or accidentally leaving them on while tanning... regardless,  it's not a big deal. I'm happy with my deal and I checked in on yelp to get the free tan!
5	Manager contacted me right away, on behalf of the owner and sincerely apologized. She said disciplinary action was being enforced for the wrong doing and if I'd reconsider them. I appreciate that and changed my rating for the fact that I love the color I get from them and they have some I the best prices in town.
4	So with a slogan like " Do It Standing Up"  "Ain't No Lines On Our Behinds" I had to give it a try. What a different concept all stand up beds, so great for those that may not enjoy the whole laying in bed/coffin feel. If there are 2 things that make it a go it would be the color you come out with and the quick time spent there.  I don't know about you but when it comes to salons I want to be in and out quick.  Very clean and friendly staff as well.   My favorite tanning salon by far! Great location off 215/Rainbow. Free tan for first time customers with local id.
5	I'm naturally tan so coming to a tanning salon was never a consideration. But after growin impatient with my skin I've started coming as a regular for the 42 booth because I have moderatly/severe psoriasis. I've tried all types of medication the last 6 years after diagnosis and now I've gone down the natural/homeopatic route because my body has gone immune to everything medical. It's been a week of treatment (4-5 days out of the week at 11 mins uvb exposure with follow up of over the counter psoriasis lotion (tri derma psoriasis control))and I'm already seeing results so fast it's the kind of results you see from 2 months use of embrel. Please keep in mind that the 42 booth is the lowest booth they have at 8% so it's strong enough only to target the areas needed (psoriasis / eczema). I'm very happy and feel dumb that I didn't consider this sooner. Unfortunately there isnt a cure for psoriasis but I want those within the community to know you are not alone and I will be  documenting my skins progress. Any bit of hope of clear skin helps.*I am aware that those with psoriasis/eczema vary from person to person and in my personal experience this definitely works for my body. Please consult with your doctor's before further consideration.
5	Trust me when I say that I am a tanning connoisseur and this place is the best place I've ever been! Its the cleanest, fastest and safest way to tan. Unlike some places in town they have a very friendly knowledgeable staff. Don't just take my word for it try them out yourself they give you your first tan absolutely FREE and its their most powerful booth..just make sure to bring in your local ID. ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!
5	This place has it all!Great staffLotions and eyewear for purchase Stand up bedsAffordable Clean Hours are accommodating
1	The is by far the worst tanning salon I have ever been to. I recently moved to Las Vegas and decided to try Straight Up Tanning since in was so close to where I live. I signed a three month contract, but since I didn't cancel my membership before the first of the month I ended up paying for two extra months. I figured when I signed a three month contract that at the end of those three months the contract would end, I shouldn't have to cancel anything.  On my third visit there I was informed that I could use both laydown and stand up bed, which the lady never informed me during purchase of the membership, so I decided to try the laydown bed. I have been in plenty of laydown tanning beds, but NEVER one that got hot on the inside. While I was laying there I decided to lift my arms above my head and while doing so I burn the F*** of off my elbow. And when I say burned, it took the skin right off !!  When I informed the lady at the counter of my painful accident she simply said she was sorry and that she would tell her manager. AND THAT WAS IT. No caution sign was ever put up to warm people of the dangerous heat it puts off. No manager ever talked to me to handle my problem. No sorry from the company, no complementary tans for scaring my skin. I'm sure if  I would have threatened a lawsuit, they would have handled the situation a little better, but I shouldn't have to.  The employees that work there (aside from one lady) all have bad attitudes. I should not feel the need to compliment your employees, just to get good service. I'm the customer, I should get good service no matter what.  All in all, there are plenty of tanning salons in this city, my advice go to another one.
5	Very clean tanning salon.  They keep the towels in the back so don't forget to grab one before you start your session.  Friendly employees and great stand-up beds....never a wait.
5	Loving this place. Very sanitary and nice staff. They also have a good variety of beds. Free lotion with a review or check in (:
5	The girl that set me up with my package was very patient and answered all my questions. Glad to have all the info to make the right choice much better than palm beach
2	Some businesses don't care about their customers.  The girls who work there are nice and down to earth so it's not that.  It's the old dirty towels and freezing floors in the machines without any mats or at least an extra floor towel in the dressing space.  This place is super basic nothing but average across the board.
