4	The Arizona Humane Society's Campus for Compassion is a fantastic animal shelter. It is clean and well-kept and the dog's are kept in the most comfortable of conditions.  They have skylights, heating and air conditioning (when needed) and calming classical music pouring through the sound system. They even announce over the intercom when a dog has been adopted, asking everyone to put their "paws" together to congratulate "Buster," "Cuddles" or "Sparky" for getting adopted.  The staff is friendly and kind-hearted, and there are plenty of them around to answer any questions you may have.The only thing I find frustrating with the Humane Society is that typically all of the cute, tiny dogs are the first to go.  They also are the ones that usually go up for adoption at special times, which usually means a lot of people are interested and must put their names in for a drawing. Of course this only fair, but if you get there first, you should have first dibs on getting the dog you want instead of having to wait for a drawing.If your looking for a dog or cat, I highly recommend visiting the Humane Society's Campus for Compassion and their other adoption center at 13th Ave. & Hatcher.  I still haven't found my special doggy, but I'll keep looking and hopefully will find one at the Humane Society.
5	Echoing Tracy, this place is truly a wonderful animal shelter. While of course recognizing the differences in fundraising and available resources in the animal shelter world, Campus for Compassion should still be recognized as a clean and hospitable place for homeless pets where the staff is super-friendly and genuinely cares. In other words, while some shelters, especially city or county-run ones, can't necessarily be blamed for the poor conditions their animals are housed in, it is still refreshing to see a non-profit organization that's making every effort to provide a shelter that's on a whole other level. This place is literally a few blocks from our house, and since the moment we moved in, we have literally been there two times a week to check out all of the new kittens (it's full-on kitten season right now!). Last Friday afternoon, we finally succumbed and adopted two beautiful little tabby brothers. (We already have two cats, so we knew that we were in for a crazy month or two!). The adoption counselors were patient and kind and treated us with respect both when we played with the kittens in the "get acquainted" rooms and when we sat down to fill out our paperwork. Do be forewarned that they take a long time to fill out all of the adoption paperwork and get the process finalized, so don't expect to just be in and out. If you want to adopt a homeless pet from a great organization run by great people, definitely stop by here! As a side note, they also have a little pet shop with food, supplies, and toys - because it's a nonprofit, everything is tax-free and the proceeds go back to the Humane Society.
5	I saw Christine's review and had to throw in my 2 cents.I love the Humane Society.  I found my first dog at the 13th and Hatcher campus and couldn't have been happier with the service and the dog.When we adopted our second dog from a sick friend, we knew that we had to get this little girl fixed.  When she was old enough, we took her to the Dobbins campus and had her spayed.  The employees were incredibly nice and comforting and our little Layla recovered pretty quickly from the surgery.  And it only cost $60 which is phenomenal if you check with private vets.  They do it all the time, so they are pros at it.
5	I have just completed my volunteering here since I need to get a second job. SUCKS. I had the special opportunity to work in the barn with the horses, llama, goats and sheep. I loved coming there after work and enjoying the quiet of the campus and the views of the mountains while being outdoors with the animals.They are currently looking for more volunteers, including my replacement for Wed evenings, and I would encourage anyone that loves animals to check it out! You can also foster, which for people who are home often, is a great option.Wonderful people, cause and place! Please look for your next companion here before the pet stores or breeders.
4	I can't really give it a bad review, as it is the Humane Society, after all. I got one of my spunky cats there a few years back. She is busy eating now, but would otherwise say hey. I went on a Friday to get my dog neutered. I now know it's only Tues-Thurs that this occurs here. I would normally have looked this up ahead of time, but I don't think there'd be anything particularly wrong with posting a sign with this information on the door, in order to prevent waits like mine (everyone said to get there early!). The hours they did have on the door were incorrect, anyhow, as they do not open until 8 on Fridays, not 7. The assistant who came out 3 minutes before they were scheduled to open to let all of us know they didn't do that (apparently lots of people make the mistake, due to their being no sign and the place being called the "Spay and Neuter Clinic," not the "Vaccinations Clinic") offered me the "spay and neuter hotline," but it was a non-working telephone number. When I asked him about it, he said he tried it and it was just busy. Either he was kidding around with me/lazy, or is unaware that "the number you have dialed is currently not in service, or is assigned in a different area code," does not mean "we're currently experiencing longer than average wait times..." or any similar recorded message... it means what it says! Anyway, while double-checking the hours and procedures (which are on the website, after all), I found out about a free voucher program for residents of Maricopa County. It says it only takes 2 weeks to receive a voucher, and does not mention anything regarding needs-based acceptance. You can even sign up to get licenses and rabies shots for dogs for 16 and 10 dollars (respectively), but this is optional, you can also simply request a voucher. Neat!www.maricopa.gov/pets/pdf/bigfix.pdf  ---application, rules, etc.
5	Just wanted to add that the Humane Society's partnership with VCA Animal Hospitals (offering up to $500 per pet of free post-adoption care for certain standard infections and medications) was amazing. Do note that there are time restrictions (I think the offer is up 2 weeks after adoption). We ended up going to VCA Elliot Park in Tempe (see my separate review for them) for our two new kittens and having two visits each, as well as antibiotics, completely covered. This was such a big help, as the costs right after adoption are often the greatest (because of shelter conditions, etc). I hope it incentivizes a lot of people to adopt who otherwise couldn't afford it. More good homes for all of the adorable kittens we see every time we go!
5	Had to throw in my 5 stars.  Just got a dog from the Campus for Compassion, what an incredible facility.  I volunteered at an animal shelter in my hometown for years and I was absolutely blown away by the size, cleanliness, and amenities here.  My wife and I found the perfect puppy and she was in our car on the way to her new home in about an hour.  Spayed, vaccinated for rabies and bordetella, micro-chipped, registered, and with a free bag of dog food for only $116.  And the $500 free vet care on top is great - a vet visit alone will run $40-$60 not including the tests for heartworms and other parasites that are necessary when adopting a dog (and that's if the dog you're adopting is healthy. . .)Of course there is just one problem.  My place is too small to adopt more animals.
5	the work these people do are absolutely incredible. we got our first dog, a sweet lab mix named mandy, here about 7 years ago at the location off hatcher. the staff were so kind, helpful and encouraging. they really did care about whether or not we were the right parents for this dog and they made sure we had the ability to care for her. they gave us tips for training, relayed challenges they had with her (she was abused and scared of men and generally skittish around strangers) and helped us work with her so she could overcome her fears. when we found out a few days after we adopted her from our vet that she had tick fever and hookworms they had their vet examine her, gave her meds and truly cared for her like she was their own pet. i can't say enough good things about this organization and i cannot wait to adopt another friend from here. 5 well-deserved stars!
5	I woke up this morning and rolled over to look into the eyes of my one year old pit bull mix and it just reminded me how glad I am that organizations like the Arizona Humane Society exist. Ever since my family moved to the valley in 1987, we have been adopting dogs from the Humane Society. When I first met my husband we continued that tradition by adopting our cat Lewis. When we moved in together we expanded our family with darling border collie/golden retriever mix Roxanne, and when we bought our first home we added Lola (our bed hog pit bull mix). My family would not be complete without any of our rescue pets and our experience at the Humane Society will always bring us back. The Campus for Compassion is a beautiful facility and is staffed with some of the most compassionate people I have ever met. Both dog adoptions gave us the honor to work with Perry (of Pets on Parade fame) and it is evident that he has a true passion for the work he does. Our adoption counselors have always been extremely helpful and thorough. My family will continue to support the Humane Society for the years to come.
5	I have to interrupt my chain of wedding related reviews for this one... I've always been a huge supporter of animal rescue organizations, and while I rescued Minnie from a small rescue site seven years ago, I've supported the Humane Society through the years with monetary donations as much as possible.  But yesterday, I did something different...I started my day (just like Melissa H) by rolling over to look into Minnie's eyes and be reminded how lucky I am to have an incredible dog that has become my family... After our morning walk and breakfast, I teamed up with a group of friends and we made the trek out to Dobbins Road and 19th Avenue to volunteer at the Humane Society.  I had no idea what to expect and I hadn't seen the reviews that came before mine, but I was extremely impressed at the size, cleanliness, and friendly staff at this fabulous facility.During our three hours on-site, Kathy Chumley gave us a tour of the building,  told us about the history of society, and educated us on how they operate, the animals they care for, the staff they employ, the volunteers that help, etc... We saw the cutest dogs, cats, bunnies, and horses and we helped with feeding the horses, petting the cats and bunnies (I guess this helps socialize them), and putting leashes together too.If and when I adopt another animal, the Humane Society is where I'll go to do it... and I highly suggest checking this place out if you're looking to add to your family as well.
5	I volunteered at the AZ Humane Society this past Sunday and it was an unforgettable experience.  First, I was surprised with the facility itself, which was incredibly new and clean... and huge.  They shelter dogs, cats, rabbits, and even horses.  The dog kennels were particularly impressive, as every dog has a decent-sized personal "home" with indoor/outdoor access, a bed, and a water fountain.  There is a large playground out back, where volunteers can take the dogs out to play and give them some exercise.The staff was incredibly devoted to these animals and seem to do everything in their power to give them second chances and find them new homes.  I look forward to volunteering again, and am thankful for all of the work that these people do.
5	I'm on a community social action committee and have spent the last year planning a community-wide service day. We were each responsible to lead a team of volunteers in a different community service project and per my passion I chose the Humane Society. We arrived on Sunday afternoon with a group of 12 people at the Campus for Compassion on Dobbins Rd. Kathy - the head of volunteer services - met with us and gave us a thorough introduction. She included the history of the AZ humane society and the process and procedures by which they take-in and shelter animals. She really focused on promoting spaying and neutering pets and cited some very impressive statistics. Did you know that over 7 years un-neutered  cats can breed to reach 420,000 in numbers??!!!! and dogs 67,000??!!! thats CRAZY and so compelling. Kathy proceeded by giving us a very educational tour of the facilities... we saw dogs, horses, cats and bunnies. It was very eye-opening. First off it shattered any stigma you have about a shelter. The animal accommodations are so impressive!! The dogs have BIG size kennels with indoor and outdoor spaces that are really spacious. I was nervous to go in and see the dogs in kennels but I really wasn't as heartbroken as I thought I'd be bc they really had nice size spaces. There are sprawling lawns in the back where animals can run and play which even include a public dog park! There are also private puppy rooms.  The cats have big crates as well and even private bedrooms where they can hang out in groups and the facilities were squeaky clean w/o any odors. The volunteers were so nice, kind and devoted to the animals. We got to feed horses, play with cats and bunnies and put together leashes for dogs. The most encouraging thing though was that the place was busy on a sunday! buzzing with people wanting to adopt pets and several cats were actually adopted during the 2 hours we were there.It was a wonderful and meaningful experience and I encourage anyone who is looking for a pet to adopt from the Humane Society and to look into volunteering with them
5	This facility is really amazing. It's clean, gives each animal ample space to move about, symphony music is piped in over the speakers (soothing to animals), and adoption fees are reasonable. They keep excellent medical records on each animal that comes through their system. I'm big on adoption. It is so, so important to me that families who want to consider having a pet should give the Humane Society a try before going anywhere else. Sure, puppies are cute for a few months, but they need training. Adult dogs have already been housebroken, many know tricks and words, and they appreciate and love you that much more, remembering where they came from and knowing your home will be their best ever.
5	How could anyone give this place a bad review!  Actually, this location (Campus for Compassion) is truly magnificent.  If you walk in expecting the typical animal shelter with depressing crowds of people waiting to abandon/euthanize/adopt their pets, then you will be blow away by this campus.  We adopted our lovely dog here, as well as shopped for one of our cats.  The staff is great, and they provide great facilities to meet and greet your future family members.  I've never seen a nicer shelter.Point of clarification: this is only an adoption center, not a place to drop off rescued animals.  At least that's what I remember being told when we had a batch of stray kittens last year.
5	Clean, Friendly, and well organized!I can't say enough good things about this place.  Everyone was so friendly to me and I felt well informed.  I was instantly 'Wowed' when I walked in.  It was a beautiful building.  Its wonderful to see a collaborated  effort for such a good cause from so many caring people.Although I did not find that special someone on my visit I know I will be back.
4	Let's be clear, I like what the AZ Humane Society does and I think their Campus for Compassion is a mind boggling awesome facility.My only problem is that out of the three times we've gone to visit they were... out of dogs.  It's entirely possible we have poor timing or that their adoption program is so fantastic that the dogs fly out of their kennels but... it was still rather strange and I couldn't help but wonder if their kennels are being under utilized.  But that's all just idle speculation and perhaps a plea for them to get more good dogs out of the county shelters and into the air conditioned, classical music playing comfort of their Campus for Compassion.  I have no doubt that once a dog gets into one of these places he is well cared for.One thing I particularly liked about their design was that there was a low wall separating the two rows of kennels in each building.  I think that seems like a fantastic idea for lowering the animals stress as they don't have to stare across the hallway at some pissed off dachshund all day.  It also means that getting dogs too and from their kennels isn't as big as a deal because there is only one row of barking dogs they have to worry about.And yes, it's probably the nicest shelter I've ever heard about.
5	How can I not love the place where I adopted two of my babies, so many years ago? I was lucky enough at the time for there to be a deal, adopt one cat and get the second one free, or something like that! I laugh, because it's like going to a grocery store with deals like that!But at the time it was perfect. I adopted two little orange tabby cats, little brothers! They were so great about making sure I knew what was involved and I was set up for my new babies.I think the aspect I loved the most was the fact that you got one free Vet appointment. Being new to AZ I had no idea what Vet to take my boys to, so it was great to get a list provided by the Humane Society. I was really pleased with the adoption process!Then a few years later I was blessed with a beautiful chocolate lab puppy, but not a ton of money. I was able to schedule her spaying, drop her off before work and pick her back up after work for a very inexpensive price. I think it is great and extremely convenient. They make it affordable and easy for everyone to spay/neuter their pet, so there are no excuses!What a great Humane Society AZ!
5	Just a couple days ago, I adopted my little Sayuri from the Arizona Humane Society.  The entire process was seamless, and it was evident it was in the societies best interest to make sure these lovable pets find the right home.  I first went in to see a couple of puppies, and I really like 2 in particular.  Because I already have a dog at home, and my boyfriend wasn't able to join me, I put one of them on hold (they will hold your pet for the day) and went back a few hours later.  It is required that if you already have a dog, you must do an introduction to make sure it is a good match.  My dog loved Sayuri, but was not as fond of the other dog.  I like to say that my dog chose our new puppy :).  When adopting a puppy, you also recieve a free exam through the VCA Animal Hospitals.  I think that's wonderful since adopting a rescue dog can be intimidating.Overall, the facility is extremely clean, the staff is more than helpful, and on top of it all, they are about as friendly as you can imagine. These people have hearts of gold.  I would absolutely recommend the AZ humane society to anyone who wants to add to their family.
1	I would try to help a real non-profit that is out to help the community that have full time jobs and not just people that can wait all day to get services.
5	I can now thank the Humane Society for not only giving me my dog Brutus when I was a child, but now my dog Harley as an adult. A couple of years ago, I planned a visit to the Arizona Humane Society to present them with a corporate donation on behalf of my old company. When I scheduled the meeting, they offered to give me a tour of the vicinity and as a friend of the helpless animals, I said of course and planned my visit. However, I knew that with a tour, I might be in some trouble in the willpower department. When I arrived to the center, I was greeted by a pretty view of South Mountain and a wide open vicinity. I walked inside and immediately noted how clean it was for being home to many a furry creature. The staff was warm and welcoming as potential new "parents" waited in the lobby to adopt a new friend. Kittens and bunnies greeted the guests and there was a special area for the cats being featured that week. The vicinity was a five star facility to say the least and I could immediately tell that the animals were treated well here and in good hands until they found a new home. To make a long story shorter, they gave us a detailed tour of the complex. I walked through spacious room after spacious room full of dogs of all kinds just wanting a home. As I walked up to one of the cages, a furry ball of fluff looked up at me and placed his paw on the cage. I fell in love immediately. To make matters worse, the staff then took us into a room where we could make a kong of peanut butter and treats for our dog of choice. Of course I had to give it to my new found friend. At that point I knew I was in trouble and could very well be leaving with a dog. So to end that part of my story, I did leave with a dog and Harley has been happy in his new home ever sense. While I visited the Humane Society, I couldn't get over their quality of service for not only the clients but the animals themselves. They were clean, kept in spacious areas and they even had a huge playground for the animals to play in each and every day. When i found Harley and started to think about taking him home with me, they took me to a private play area where I could get to know Harley a bit more to make sure he was the right dog for me. A staffer stayed in the area and helped me with any questions I had. When I made the decision to take Harley home with me, they neutered him, gave me a couple free vet visits and sent me home with some treats, food and a leash. They even have a pet store to pick up all your essentials for your new friend. And did I mention that the proceeds go back to the Humane Society...a nonprofit? This Arizona Humane Society is a five star pet resort that focuses on making the most of a pet's stay until they find a new home. I suggest just taking a visit to the facility to see how well-kept it is. They even have horses that they rescued. Sorry folks, they are not up for adoption though. So thank you Arizona Humane Society for bringing my little dog Harley to me and saving so many animals from the streets.
5	It's hard to express exactly how much I love the Arizona Humane Society. I had ONE bad experience with them with a snotty phone operator who REFUSED to transfer me to their clinic. I promptly reported her misconduct on their website, and I received a phone call from the Director of Spay & Neuter Services a few hours later. She apologized for the operator's rude behavior, assured me that the operator was being "dealt with," and answered my questions. She was awesome, and my experience with her convinced me that my next dog would come from them.When my fiance and I went to adopt our dog from the Humane Society a few months later, we had nothing but positive experiences with their volunteers and shelter staff. Everyone was so accommodating and kind-- we really couldn't have asked for a better experience, and we found our dream dog on top of it all. I recommend this organization to everyone I know.
5	I love this place so much I would love to move to the area and volunteer. I came here to get my therapy pet which happens to be a guinea pig named Clark and while we were there we could not resist a rat named ratatouille so we snatched her up as well. I could not help but take forever looking at all of the darling pets and feel so sad that I could not take all of them home with me. The employees are very much as in love with pets as I am and you can tell that each and every one of them is an avid animal lover and not just some person who is working there because it's a job to them. The person who helped us let us take our time petting each pig and getting a feel for each animal. He even played with the rat for what seemed like an extended amount of time. Don't expect to waltz in here and waltz on out of here in 15 minutes, you really want to make sure you feel a connection to the animal so just sit there and play and hold the animal. The employees will tell you all you need to know about the animal's history and demeanor. Plus they want to make sure that they are going to suitable homes so you will need to fill out an application and if you live in apartments make sure you go and adopt while your apartment complex office is open because they will need to call and make sure that you are allowed to have pets in your complex, no exceptions.The staff is so friendly and we were even able to purchase an extra cage for $12! If you know small animal cages you recognize that this is a steal for a new, moderate sized animal cage. The facilities are very nice for an adoption center, there is a gift shop for your new pet so you can pick up beautiful collars and pet dishes ect. I think you even get a discount when you adopt a pet. Each animal has their own section and there are rooms where they will put in in with the pet and play with them. As I was leaving I couldn't help myself and took Clark out at the car so I could cuddle him, an employee was going home and stopped and chatted with me and was very nice as she was happy to see Clark going home. I also like that they provide you with a free vet exam and expenses paid (if needed) up to $500 for any conditions the pet might have although they are thoroughly taken care of at the shelter. The appointment just needs to be made within 5 days at any VCA hospital that they will give you a flyer for in your adoption packet. I will be back here again.
5	I had one cat, and I liked her a lot. I started to feel a little bad though because she was alone a lot. One day my wife talked me into driving to the humane society "just to look". I now have two cats and I like them a lot. The Arizona Humane Society was professional, courteous, and I had a great experience with them. We were given helpful ideas for every aspect of introducing a second cat to the home and drove away feeling confident, and the fact that Sherlock was covered up to five hundred bucks for an initial checkup was a huge bonus, we actually found a new vet because of it. I will recommend the humane society to anyone I know looking to adopt a friend, it's awesome.
4	Adopted my 4 month old Pit mix from here. They are very nice and easy to deal with. The doggy is very healthy and her check-ups are free! I am very pleased.
5	A month ago, I associated humane societies with the dirty, loud, and depressing pounds I had visited when I was a child. The Arizona Humane Society has completely turned this perspective upside down. A couple weeks ago, my husband and I drove quite the distance to check out the cats they had for adoption (I had already been to several pet stores). I was immediately impressed with how clean and beautiful this establishment was. It is easy to navigate and the staff is unbelievably helpful and friendly. We asked to see a few cats, and when we saw "the one" we totally fell in love. Her name was Smokey, but we have since renamed her Sherlock. She has extra toes. And she is a firecracker! The staff stayed past closing hours to help us fill out paperwork so we could take her home that day, which shows me how much they care that these precious animals get adopted. When it is time for us to get a dog, this will be the first place we go. The process couldn't have been smoother, and the staff gave us excellent pointers on how to introduce her to our new house. We will be back!
5	I brought my last cat Marty here for his neutering & regular shots until he died in a tragic accident some time ago.  Yesterday I came in & found my lovely new kitty I call Abby.  It has always been a pleasure to work with the staff members here.  They're just full of love for the animals & provide an excellent service in offering them up to responsible new homes & providing low cost pet health care afterwards.  The shelter is clean, the animals properly fed & cared for while they're here, & I think these gals & guys deserve another 5 Star Yelp review, so here it is!     :-))PS:  They have many precious cats here (near 100?) to choose from, who need loving homes.  They're all spayed/neutered (if old enough), caught up on their shots, & available at no cost now.  (Donate what you can!)  YOU could make a special difference for both your new pet & the Humane Society by adopting right now while they're VERY full here!     :-))
5	The Humane Society of Southern Arizona is a nonprofit organization dedicated to the general welfare, sheltering and placement of animals.  They safeguard, rescue, shelter, heal, adopt and advocate for animals in need, while inspiring community action and compassion on their behalf. I could feel the love as soon as I walked through the door! The facilities are clean and well maintained by the friendly staff.  They have a huge cat hotel that I have never seen in any other shelter.  The dogs have 4 separate hotels with about 10 dogs in each.  I am mostly impressed with there active involvement and perseverance in ending animal cruelty! Not only do they have the knowledge and love for these animals, they have the strong desire to educate as well! AHS post daily events and adoptable pets on their website and Facebook page.
5	I offered to help out at the recent Yelp volunteer event here. This place is fantastic. Everything from the size and capability of the facility to the staff and volunteers who are so passionate about what they do. I highly recommend anyone interested in adopting a new dog or cat into their family to consider coming here first.Though I was the only guy in the group, it didn't stop me from getting my hands dirty in the flower beds. Our job for the day was to plant some fresh crops (cabbage, cilantro, etc). Some people were tasked with finishing a rock path and also cleaning up/reinforcing the general area. We finished quickly to have more time hanging out with all the pups and kittens.I was really impressed with the AZ Humane Society and their careful attention to providing an amazing (temporary) home for all the animals there. They also help new owners take care of vaccinations and offer toys through the onsite store. As Bob Barker says, "remember to have your pets spayed or neutered!" The AZHS makes it easy and affordable to do that too!
5	My first visit to the Arizona Human Society was just a few weeks ago when I volunteered with Yelp to help do some gardening on the premises. First of all, I had no idea there were gardens, but I was excited nonetheless to check the place out!The facility is very organized, clean, and had a warm feeling throughout as you entered. All workers and volunteers were all smiles. You knew the instant you walked in that people are there united for one cause, helping animals of all shapes and sizes! The cats have a couple of "family rooms" where they can stretch their paws out and chill as if they were already in an actual home. The dogs have several acres to roam and investigate each day, as volunteers dedicate their time to playing with them as well as walk them. There's even an agility course outside for the dogs to do! Apparently the pitbull mixes, I was told, are actually quite good at doing the agility course. The grounds include a mausoleum for pets. Donators can have plants, bricks, and animal quarters all dedicated in honor of passed loved ones close by to the mausoleum. (FYI - it was called something else other than a mausoleum, but it's basically similar, but for pets!)There's a clinic, onsite, for more afforable pet medical care. There's a store as well that sells pet food, pet supplies, and souvenirs that all benefit taking care of the animals at the facility.Between the two properties of the Arizona Humane Society, there are about 120 animals that come in each day. It's heart breaking to know that there are that many orphans that need care and are homeless. Unlike people, they cannot completely tell their stories. Each animal just desperately wants attention and to be loved. By volunteering just 8 hours a month, you can make a huge difference even if you are unable to adopt one of your own. I look forward to coming back and helping out again.
5	I generally do not like to visit shelters, kennels, pounds, or even pet stores. It always seems there are so many pets that need a forever home and I simply can't take everyone home with me.  I always feel low for days thinking about Spike or Buster, Blackie or Nickie . . . who all need someone to feed, love and play with them. Someone to take them out of the misery they have found themselves in. Someone to take them on daily walks, or let them snuggle under the covers when it is cold outside.I was worried when I said I would volunteer at the Arizona Humane Society that I would have trouble keeping my spirits up for awhile after going there. The staff and volunteers always do the best they can under the circumstances, but with limited resources it is always difficult to really make a difference.But after visiting & volunteering at the Arizona Humane Society I know there are people in Arizona who do care, who are willing to put their time and money into helping the lost souls who are just looking for someone to love them. The Arizona Humane Society is a beautiful facility where animals are cared for with big & generous hearts. It is clean and well maintained, with places for critters to run and play and meet prospective new parents.  It is a place where you can go and give some time, even  if you can't take a pet home. But, be careful, there are sweet faces, sad faces, faces excited to see you, faces of little souls who just want someone to love them. You will fall in love . . . with someone who will love you back with all their soul!
5	The Arizona Humane Society is a World Class organization. For starters, the Dobbins campus is absolutely stunning. If Disneyland were to commision an amazing dog/cat adoption facility- it wouldn't be as cool as this place. This expansive campus has it all, dogs, cats, a cool store where you can buy great items, and know that the money goes to a great cause.The dog kennels are airy and bright, and smell better than most resuarants. The dogs are clearly well cared for and th AZHS staff and volunteers do a great job of giving love to the little guests while they are awaiting their forever homes.Do yourself, and your family a favor- and pick up your next family member at AZHS. A better deal cannot be found, and you will be saving a dog, who will give you years of loyalty, love, and compainionship.Great job Arizona Humane Society, you make Arizona a better place.
5	Got Emily the dawg at the Humane Society's Campus for Compassion 7 years ago.  She is the best dog ever and we as a family were treated very well there.  It's a beautiful location with a real focus on animals of all kinds.
5	I love the Arizona Humane Society. I support them as much as I can. I wish I could do more. I adopted my buddy Jake from here 4 years ago. He is a great dog. I come here every year to get his shots. They have a walk in clinic on Fridays. It opens at 8am and get there early because the morning slots do fill up. You have to wait around but they get to everyone as quickly as they can. They close at 12 for lunch and reopen at 1pm. So if you miss the morning you can come back. They will give you the paper work to fill out so when you come back after 1 you can just turn it in and be all set.They have a great staff in the clinic and the adoption center. They are all very helpful and love animals. Most are volunteers.If I ever want to get a second dog I will definitely be back here. They really work with you to make sure the animal is right for you and that you have a good home for it. They also make sure you are ready for the responsibility of owning a pet. They really do want to find forever homes for all of their animals. They are always getting new animals in so if you don't see one that suits you go back and they will have all new ones. It is a little sad that there are that many homeless animals and that the problem is a big as it is but they are really working hard everyday to basically put themselves out of business. It would be great to not have any more homeless or unwanted pets anymore. You can make donations on their website or if you want to drop off blankets or toys or whatever you can. They really do need all the help they can get. They care for a lot of animals and provide a great level of care for all of them. But to maintain that they need help.They have a very nice facility on Dobbins. I have never been to the other location. It might be a little bit of a drive but to find a best friend or take care of the one you have it is a great place and worth the trip.My dog has brought so much happiness to my life. I am glad I came down here to find him.
5	We're supporters of the Arizona Humane Society and their cause to help animals in a humane way.  We have 2 dogs that are rescue dogs.  I want to adopt every single dog I see at the shelter, but that's impractical until I hit the lottery....in the meantime, I can only provide a little bit of financial assistance with a small donation from time to time.  The volunteers should be recognized for the work they do....it's very hard to look at these animals faces on a daily basis, I can't get out of there without shedding a tear.  I can't imagine what it would be like on a daily basis.Return Factor - 100%
5	So I want to tell you my story of getting my best buddy here at this location. And then I can do a proper review. I was looking for a cat as a friend and also as someone to help me through my depression. Animals are found to be great sources of help through everything, and I wanted to give a cat a forever home. So I looked on the website for a few days until I came upon a handsome Lynx Point Siamese. The second I saw him, I had a good feeling about him. So I went straight here. At first I didn't see him anywhere and had to ask if he had already been adopted. They had him in quarantine to make sure he wasn't sick or anything, but I still got to meet him! Whew! What a releif. So it took a few extra minutes to get him, but I waited in one of the rooms. They brought him in a small blue crate. When they opened up the crate I sat on the floor to be more inviting to him. He looked around for a little bit and then came right up to me and let me pet him. He started walking on me and was really comfortable already. He really loved my attention and how I was talking with him. I had found my buddy I had been looking for. So I adopted him right on the spot! On the way home, he escaped from the temporary box they put him in and came and sat on my lap the rest of the drive home. Normally I wouldn't let an animal do that for their safety, but he seemed so happy and content, I just couldn't move him until I got home. That was just a little over a year ago. Now he's fully grown and is still my bestest kitty. I look forward coming home to him every day and hanging out with him. He really means the world to me. So now that I got that out of the way, the Humane Society was wonderful when I went! I now make monthly donations to them. It's not a lot but the least I could do to help for all they did for me. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Everything is very clean, and everyone really does seem to care about the animals and who they go to. I really hope to volunteer sometime in the near future for them to help out even more. I would love to help out with the other cats. If I could, I would take them all home with me! Thank you AZ Humane Society!
5	I honestly love this place I got a poodle about 3 months ago. The people were really nice and help me find the right dog for me and I found my poodle brandy. Then help me filled out the papers and I'm took her home and played with her she was well taken care of and the place I got her from was really clean you should go there they are awesome
5	The Humane Society has been my go to place for pet adoption over the years. I got both of my cats from the Humane Society, and they both are wonderful. I like that they provide a vet visit and a bag of quality food with adoption. Additionally, I like that their volunteers/staff are friendly and have seemed to be knowledgeable and the animals are kept in individual small cages or in large enclosures with 2-3 animals. The cats I have adopted have been wonderful, in good health, and seem to have been taken care of in their (extensive) time at the Humane Society. Both cats were lonely hearts (had been in the shelter for months) and had nominal adoption fees (5$ and 20$... wow). Both had been spayed and received medical attention. When it is time to adopt another furry friend, this will definitely be the place to go.
3	I want to give this place five stars, really.  I am a great lover of animals, and any organization dedicated to helping them gets my vote.  And to be fair, allow me to preface my review with the fact that this experience WAS a few years ago.  Maybe they've changed things?That being said...One of my dogs escaped the yard when my uncle came over for a visit and left the gate open (we didn't know he had left it open and didn't know the dogs had escaped until my neighbor, a very long-time friend, came up with Cassie in tow, saying she'd been sitting on their driveway whining.)  Sadly, despite visiting the various animal shelters in the area, we never got Jen back, and Cassie was suffering from severe separation anxiety, going so far as to rip up the entire carpet in one of the bedrooms.  We continued to look for Jen, but decided we had to get another dog for Cassie in case we couldn't find her friend.I went to the shelter, telling the volunteer about my situation, and made it VERY clear that I had a dog and four cats, so I absolutely had to have a dog that was good with both.  I was willing to adopt an adult dog, knowing that they're less likely to be adopted than a "sweet and cuddly" puppy, and was introduced to Minnie, an adult flat-coated retriever.We did a meet-and-greet with Cassie and Minnie could not have been less interested in her, and Cassie was relaxed.  Good stuff.  I took Minnie home, but had to get to work, so I left her in my (VERY capable) mother's hands.  Not twenty minutes later, I get a call from my mother.  After stroking her and ensuring the dog seemed calm and relaxed, she took Minnie into the house on a leash, in case "she adores cats, loves cats, is great with cats," turned out to be a load of bull-poo.  Thank goodness she did.  Minnie lunged forward and tore the leash out of my mother's hands.  One cat escaped up the curtains (destroying the fabric and the rod on her way up, but she was safe, so it was worth it,) but Minnie got her jaws around our little Ryo.  The ONLY thing that saved her life is that Ryo was quite the porker and was too large for Minnie to pick up.  As it was, she suffered a grade four dislocation in BOTH of her hips.  The third cat escaped with a bald patch of hair snatched from her tail, and the fourth was smart enough to hide under the bed when all this started.Minnie then turned on Cassie, shoving her into a corner and refusing to allow her to leave.  When I got there, the curtains were akimbo, Cassie was shivering in the corner by the door, my mother had a bite on her hand, and Minnie and I had a bit of a tug-of-war over Cassie's chewbone as she was, shall we say, very eager to assert her dominance over me and everyone else in the household.I was enraged and took Minnie back the next morning (it was after closing time at AHS), and found the same volunteer.  Guess what he said when I said I was, without question, bringing Minnie back and was furious about how "she loves cats" apparently means "with tartar sauce."  "Are you sure?  This is her third strike."  I was dumbfounded by his statement.  It's not MY fault he was so desperate to home the dog that he sent her to what was obviously a poor match.I'm assuming by that statement that if an animal is brought back a third time, they are euthanized.  You know what?   I refuse to feel bad for that.  I specifically said I needed a calm dog that was good with other dogs and cats, and instead I got four terrorized cats - one with a sizeable vet bill - and a dog who was usually so confident now afraid of her own shadow.  So, instead of waiting to find her a well-fitting home, he holds her death in HIS hands, thanks to his setting her up for a third strike.After all this, I still was hoping to find another dog, but this time, I got a puppy, one that was at the time smaller than the cats, let alone 60-lb Cassie.  And you know what?  She was unspayed, had no shots, had worms, fleas, ticks and mange.  And the Humane Society just let her go out that way.  What was this about stopping the overpopulation?  Nope.  If I was someone else, she could have been yet another dog who had litter after litter of puppies to look forward to.So I still give them three stars for the good that they DO accomplish, but was VERY unsatisfied with the experience I had the one and only time an animal I adopted was from a PLACE, rather than the street.
5	This place is amazing!!! Adopted many animals over the years from this place. They have great customer service and they take excellent care of the animals. Excellent facilities. Very knowledgeable staff.
5	For my 200th review, I have chosen to write about a place that has been a place of joy for me as well as a place of therapy.I first came to know the AZ Humane Society via a Yelp community service event in which we came in to make blankets for the cats.I used to take my dog JackJack here to play in their outdoor runs that are open to the public from daylight til 12 noon.  My dog and I would stay for very long periods of time.  I found that those dog runs were very under-utilized and we enjoyed them.  The dog parks/runs were always very clean.  The water was always on and worked well.  Even if you don't want to use the dog runs, the property is huge and you can bring your dog there to walk for change of scenery.  I always brought my own poop-bags, but I think that they may even have poop-bags that are for the public.  Since it is a non-profit, it is probably best to bring your own.When my dog died, I came here for the pet grief group that meets on the first Wednesday of every month.  I came to learn of the Pet Grief group from my visit with Yelp.  When a pet dies people who have never loved a pet in the way I loved my dog JackJack just don't understand the pain you feel.  I really felt so isolated and in the most pain of my life.  I was so happy to be among others who could relate to my pain and who could help me make sense of what was such a shocking feeling of pain.  The group is run by a pet chaplain who leads the discussion.  Being a scientist who is very spiritual, I honestly didn't know what to expect from a pet chaplain, but I was so pleasantly surprised to find a kind and understanding person who made the pain of losing my very best friend more understandable to me.  I appreciated that service.  Many people may not know that this is a service that is available to them, but it is.  When I am ready, I will sign up to be a dog walker and volunteer at the center with the dogs.  I have not reached a point where I don't get very sad when I think about my dog or am around other people's dogs.  But when I do, I can't wait to spend the time with the dogs there.This is an amazing facility with so many dogs and animals that need homes and need to be loved.  Even if you can't give a home, you can give a buck or you can give an hour --- an animal will love you for it.
5	Love this place! I wish I could adopt another puppy right now!
5	Had our puppy Emma spayed there today. They are great treated her so kind and good. So much cheaper
5	The Arizona Humane Society is a great place to adopt. Their facility is clean, there are lots of animals to choose from, and the staff is extremely helpful and can answer most questions thoroughly. I think it's great that the Humane Society offers neutering, spaying and shots with all their animals. It helps pet parents be able to afford the cost of a pet while making sure the pets are healthy on their way out the door. When you adopt you get a discount at the pet boutique, which offers varieties of food, toys, litter pans, leashes and other pet care products. It's a cute little place which might be nice to pick up an extra toy from from time to time.I have adopted both of my cats from here as well as a guinea pig. If the time comes when I'll have the space to adopt again, I will definitely come back.
