5	I have had the joy of having Dr. Stephanie adjust me on several occasions, and she does a great job!!! She is very friendly, caring and has strong adjusting skills. Highly recommend her.
5	After an exciting and activity filled day at the lake this summer my lower back was tweaked more than usual.  I've always had tension in my lower back but this was very persistent and even my regular massaging wasn't helping.Dr. Stang started out with a conservative acupuncture session with a handful of needles.  She was up front in saying that it may take a few sessions and an increase in the number of needles before it really kicked in and she was spot on.  After the first and second sessions I'd have temporary relief but it would come back that afternoon.After the third session however, the pain stayed away and I've felt great since then! If you combine acupuncture with a chiropractic adjustment as well as a massage, that's like a triple threat!  Will definitely be back!
5	Dr. Stang really knows her stuff. My back feels great now! I'll go to her from now on.
5	Stephanie is great to work with and I personally have saw her for back pain before. She helped me greatly. She is kind and pleasant to work with. I even referred one of my clients to her and he said how great she was.
5	Oh my God, I could hardly stand when I walked in to see Stephanie, she was very sensitive to my situation and seemed to quickly understand what was out of whack.  It took a few visits but I am back to work and my back has never felt better.  I seem to have much more range of motion then I originally had, I would highly recommend her.
5	Dr. Stephanie Stang is the BEST!  I had a Chiropractor previous whom moved out of the state which force me to find a new Chiropractor.  She's very kind and really cares about your overall well-being.  I highly recommend her!
5	As an athlete I am constantly beating up my body. this time it was my right b*** cheek, and it was excruciating pain whenever I walked or whenever I got up from a sitting or lying position. Dr. Stang helped me by stretching me out, putting some warm heat on it, then finished me off with some acupuncture. I walked out of her office relieved and feeling better than I did when I came in. Her bedside manners are second to none. No hassles with my primary care physician to get a referral to a physical therapist. One stop shop and relief immediately. For acupuncture or athletic injuries, this is the place to go!
5	Dr. Stephanie Stang is great! There's no other way to put it, she listens to what your concerns are, addresses your questions, and provides rehabilitative  services tailored to your injury or areas where you have pain. I felt completely comfortable from the time I walked in the front door to the time I left. I would recommend Dr. Stang to anyone in need of a chiropractor. Thank you doctor for helping me get rid of my headaches and allowing me to get back to my active lifestyle!
5	Dr. Stephanie STang is wonderful!  After a 4 day headache and not much movement left in my neck,I gave in and made the phone call.  This was my first time in to see Dr. Stang and I am so pleased!  I walked out in less than an hour feeling like a different person!  My headache was finally gone and I had much more movement in my neck.  Dr. Stang took the time to ask questions and to listen to the answers.  I am very impressed with her bedside manner as well as her skill.  I am happy to say I have found a Dr. that I am comfortable with that also gets results!
5	Stephanie Stang is my chiropractor and for years I have had neck problems so bad  to where I vomit.Today was one of those days, I alled Dr. Stang to see if she could squeeze me in and by the time I left Ifelt like a million bucks!!! She works Miracles! I have never had someone compleatly take all my neck pain away before Dr. Stang.Now my whole family is Dr. Stang's clients and I will never change Chiropractors again!!!!
5	Top notch. Kind patient, explained everything and worked around my comfort level. Thank you so much!!
5	I have had lower back problems for years and as a result it is often difficult for me to live a normal and active lifestyle.  I have been to various chiropractic and back clinics, but Dr. Stang has been, by far, the most attentive and understanding chiropractor that I have met.  I decided to start working on getting my back and discs in better condition, which Dr. Stang has been successfully helping me to do.  I have a long road to recovery, but it is comforting having a Doctor I can trust and who cares.
5	I'v been going to see Dr Stang for a while now. Not only does my back feel great, but she also fixed my neck with accupuncture. Dr Stang can do it all! I highly recommend her to everyone.
