5	The Pilates Body is the absolute best classical pilates studio in Las Vegas. The instructors are extremely professional and knowledgeable, they make working out really fun.  I got my body back after having a baby solely from the instruction at The Pilates Body. All of the instructors are a delight, I highly, highly recommend this studio!!! If you haven't tried Pilates, do it at The Pilates Body, it's amazing!!!
5	I have been taking lessons at Pilates body with Sara and Juliette for over a year now and it has been an absolutely amazing experience. They are extremely knowledgeable, highly skilled teachers. It has completely transformed my body. I HIGHLY recommend them. Worth every penny!
5	Sign up with Pilates Body and give your body a treat!  I was a Pilates novice when I signed up, but after 12 lessons I can say that I feel taller and stronger through my core than I have ever felt.  This is the only work-out I have experienced that directly addresses the mild scoliosis in my lower back.  I'm not sore after a lesson -- instead I feel like I just had the best lower back stretch of my life.  Sara and Juliette are excellent instructors.  I am not a natural athlete nor a workout goddess, yet they give me cues I can follow so that I am doing the exercises correctly.  I highly recommend to anyone, no matter your body type.
5	I'm very happy and proud to teach at The Pilates Body.We are not like other studios in town... This is the only CLASSICAL Pilates studio in Vegas. Classical Pilates is the only way to achieve results.Come in and feel the difference!
5	For over two years now I've been going to Pilates Body twice a week and I am very happy with the results.  I am stronger in my core than ever and can go all day on my feet without lower back strain.  People ask me if I've lost weight, but I haven't -- I'm just standing up straighter.  Sara, the owner, is simply wonderful, and she somehow manages to find other great instructors like Yoni, Rui, and Renee.  I really like them all and look forward to my lessons.  I leave feeling refreshed, like I've had a massage.  The instructors customize the workout, so your age, level of physical fitness, and body type don't matter.  I highly recommend this studio.
5	My 2 girlfriends and I have been taking classes with Yani. She is wonderful! Her instructions are precise and her attention to the details of our body positioning is unparalleled. Really, my body has changed shape within a couple of weeks and my core strength has improved greatly. I'm turning 47 in a few days and I've taken many exercise classes and personal training programs. Yani has got to be one of my best instructors. And their pricing is more than reasonable.
