4	I came here with my sister for a girly pamper-me day. We took advantage of the $39 hour long massages. There's no catch to the price, but you only get to use that rate once and they tell you about their membership options. No pressure to join. The interior is simple and calming. The masseuses were professional. My massage was extremely relaxing. Payment was swift and easy. All in all, a very relaxing, enjoyable experience.
5	I decided to try Massage Envy when I heard about their one time $39 massage deal for first timers. It covers one 50 min massage and there are no catches or contracts you have to sign.My first impression of the place is that they are very clean and very geared towards pleasing their clients, which is awesome. They have you first fill out a questionaire that lets you indicate the level of firmness you want all the way down to what type of characteristics you want your massage therapist to have. The massage rooms are pretty clean and simple. There weren't any candles or incense or any of that stuff which I think is too overpowering sometimes. They don't provide you with robes, but instead just simply ask you to undress down to your level of comfort and climb onto the massage table. Every massage therapist is different and every massage experience is different, but overall I got a very nice massage in which I was in a massage coma for a good portion of the day afterwards. So relaxing. Their wellness program is their membership where you pay $54/month for a year and it covers 1 massage/month and if you don't use that massage within the month, then it rolls over to the next month. So it's a very good deal if you want to get monthly massages.
2	Paid $49 plus $10 tip. Dude was nice but it stinks when I leave from an hour long massage and the pain in my shoulders in STILL there.
4	I had my first "intro" massage for $39 (now $49) at this location 11/09. My therapist was pretty good, nothing special. I signed up for the 1 year contract, and was under the impression I'd be charged $39.00/mo. It was $54.00 per month. I have gone back several times. You can use 1/2 a prepaid massage for an 80 minute treatment, which is cool. DON'T CANCEL your appt. the same day or not show, because you'll forfeit it (something they don't TELL you about when you sign up, but I'm sure it's in the fine print.)The quality of the massage depends on the therapist. I asked for an experienced one in the beginning & now have my favorite therapists, which you can request.  If you do so, I suggest requesting them far in advance.  The ambiance is nothing special,; standard waiting area that is quiet. They don't have a water dispenser in the lobby anymore like they used to. Your therapist gives you water in this tiny cup after your massage. Each room has the same music piped into it, and some therapists enhance it by putting a CD on (waves, rain, etc.).  Some therapists also burn incense, and give you little extras that they have incorporates into their style (wrapping your feet in hot towels, etc.)Overall, I think you get what you pay for, and it's pretty good.  My chief complaint is the mostly 'read from the script' youngsters they have working the desk. None of them display any kind of personality when you are checking in/out. It would be nice if the company offered their clients who renew their contracts some sort of coupons or incentives once in awhile, i.e. free aromatherapy, free upgrade to hot stones, etc.
3	11/11/11  I called at 1706 hrs today to see if I could get a massage around 1900 hrs.  I  was placed on hold three different times for a total of 6 minutes.  I hung up and called back, I was asked to hold again, and told the girl who answered (I didn't get her name, as they all answer the phone WAY too fast and you can never understand them).  I told her I had already been on hold three times and she said "I'm so sorry," and put me on hold again.  I eventually hung up.  One of your therapists, who are sorely underpaid, missed out on a great tip this evening.Suggestion, stop hiring teeny boppers and Generation X'ers that don't give a crap about anything but themselves.  It's eery quiet in the lobby, and those girls behind the counter NEVER want to engage in any light conversation with clients unless it's work related.  I'm guessing that the owner's husband still listens to everyone's conversations in the office lobby area via live video feed from home, thereby making it very uncomfortable for those who work there.  It''s getting to the point that I dislike the front counter service so much that I am thinking of cancelling my membership and going to a different provider, one of your competitors not too far away.  I am posting this on Yelp as well.
1	Very unprofessional. Bought a membership last year and it was the worst thing i have ever done! The galleria location has caused me nothing but problems. The manager Joni Gravely was very unprofessional and basically hung up on me when i had a complaint about a recent experience i had. I am appalled by this location!
3	I have a monthly membership and have used this location for all of my massages and facials. I recently got a facial here and loved it, the therapist, Gigi was fabulous and informative. Heather is my masseuse and she is awesome also. She always remembers me and she gives me suggestions to relieve tension in my shoulders and back. She keeps up conversation with me when I feel chatty, and she lets me stay quiet when I just want to relax. LOVE her!3 stars for the front desk staff who are weird everytime I go in there or call in for an appointment. Most of the time they are so overtly proffessional, robotic and hyper it is really offputting. There is nothing wrong with being proffessional, but it comes off as unfriendly, scripted and forced. The last time I called in, the girl misunderstood my questions I was asking, she couldnt get my name right all 3 times she asked me what my name was. Then, when I went in for my appointment, I am assuming the same girl asked for my name a million times AGAIN.
4	I found myself wanting a massage over Labor Day weekend. I'd been holding out for a great groupon, but everyone was booked solid. I was able to make an appointment at Massage Envy for the next day. Ivonne worked magic on my sore shoulders and upper back. She is a miracle worker. Massage Envy is a reliable chain. I'm not a fan of their sales pitch after you've been kneaded into bliss but they're required to try to beat that massage high out of you with memberships and packages.
4	I received a 3 month membership as a Christmas gift and although I was a little skeptical after reading reviews I must say I was pleasantly surprised. Massage Envy is a chain, so yes there is something generic about it, but it is the people inside that make it special. I was greeted to a serene and clean lobby, and the receptionist got me in and on my way to a good massage. The masseuse did everything she could to make sure I was comfortable and relaxed for the 50 minutes. I don't know that I would have done this on my own but after having such a nice experience I am considering continuing my membership.
3	A little background: I bought the 6 month membership 6 months ago. It's a good deal for the price, especially if you go in for additional massages through out the month. I paid every month on schedule because they auto withdraw it out of your account. I haven't been in in a few months because I have been very busy with work and home life and just haven't had the time to go in. So I had about 4 massages built up and saved and I found out a month ago I have to use them all by April 6th, otherwise I lose them all. The therapists there are a hit or miss. The one I had last night was the best one yet, and I will be going back to her for my last massage as well.Anyway, I'm trying to use up my last few already paid for massages and they have been helpful in trying to get me in to get them all in before they expire. The other day they called to try and set up an apt with me. So they told me I could do a double service (a 1 hour massage and a 1 hour facial). I asked specifically if my massage credits count towards facials. She said yes, that normally they have a $10 transfer fee, but since I'm doing a double service, there is no transfer fee. I thought hey, why not. I'll pamper myself a little since I've been so busy and stressed lately.So I go in last night and dressed down for my massage. The massage part was great, no complaints. Then I go in for my facial, which left a lot to be desired. Although it was very relaxing (I think I dozed off at some point), my skin is even more dry today then it was when I went in, so bad that it's cracking and bleeding. She said she was giving me the sensitive/dry skin treatment. As far as I have ever experienced, you don't ever put anything on dry skin that makes it even more dry! So today I am walking around looking like a lizard. I would never recommend going to this place for a facial. To top it off, when I went to check out and schedule my last service with them (and believe me, it will be my last) she tried to sell me the skin care products they just used on me. After I tell her no thank you, she insisted on giving me a total of $43.00. I again said, no I don't want the products. She then gave me a total of $10.00 I explained to her that when I made the apt I was told there was no transfer fee for the facial. She then tells me there is a $10 fee for the products used during the service. I insisted in not paying that fee because I was never told of it and was told there would be no fee. And I wouldn't have had it done if I knew there was a fee. I am in between paychecks right now and absolutely didn't have the money to cover it. So she "waved" the fee for me, made my last appointment  and I left. Bottom line, if you want a cheap massage, sign up for the monthly deal, but stay away from the facials!
4	I was given a free massage for massage envy so chose this location closest to my house.  I got an incredible massage!  He was a young, strong sports player who was not too afraid of hurting me.  Most therapists when asked to go harder wont or cant.  He loosed my neck and shoulders exactly as I asked him too.  My husband did not have as great of an experience with his female therapist who asked which area he wanted focused on  which were his calves.  She spent maybe 5 minutes on them.  I can recommend the gentlemen therapists for sure but not the women.
4	So relaxing and the 1-1/2 hour massage is well worth :) Great Job Piedad !!!
4	I was in need of a deep tissue massage pronto and after my set appointment at 1pm at Aetherspa was a no show (yes, I showed up, but the therapist was not there), I had to call around to see if I can come in today.  I decided on Massage Envy.  I typically don't like this kind of massage place because it's a franchise, but I have no other choice if I want a massage today.I am so glad I did.   This Massage Envy was very close to my home.  My therapist did an awesome job on releasing those knots on my back.  The ladies in front are friendly and of course, they do their sphill on the membership.  I enjoyed it, but I don't believe it's worth the monthly due of $59 for me only because I get massage once a month.  But if you are a massage whore and found a therapist that you like, then it is indeed a great deal because the $59 monthly due, you get one customized 1-hr massage session a month, and unlimited 1-hr massage sessions throughout that month.
5	Never had a massage until today , awesome staff and great price
5	I don't typically recommend Massage Envy locations to anybody. I never really had a good experience at many locations until a friend recommended this location. And the reason I'm even writing up this location for a top recommendation is Tim! If you're looking for one of the best massages you'll ever have, make sure to book your appointment with Tim. Not only does he have the massage therapy background, he has the physical therapy background, so he will completely understand whatever it is your needs are. He also is great at knowing what an appropriate pressure is for you. I cannot recommend this guy enough!
4	I've been a member for over 2 years...started at the blue diamond location and now live near this one.  This membership works great for me.  I sit at a desk all day, struggle with posture, upper back/neck stiffness.  It never fails that when I come in, I feel so much better.  I've had a number of different therapists and have been happy with most.  I have to say though that as of late, Natasha has been my therapist and she's been great.  To me this is a great value.
4	Always have a great experience here.  Sometimes I have more than one massage to use so I'll take advantage of a two hour and/or a facial.  Well-trained staff with a clean environment.  It's so close to home and convenient.
2	I called the Henderson store wanting to change my home store.  They said that since both stores are in Nevada, I can't do that.   I asked to cancel my membership.  The Henderson store told me I had to come in person to cancel my membership.  I told her I would not drive 20 miles each way to do that.  She gave me the membershiptermination@gmail.com email address to send written notice of my termination.  She than promptly hung up.  I had to call back to ask if this was an instant thing or a 30 day notice.  I now need a massage to unwind from the disrespectful way I was treated.
5	I joined Massage Envy during my second pregnancy because I experienced severe pain in my lower back and hips (sometimes I couldn't walk). After trying a few different therapists, I got Tim. He is awesome! He gives the best massages, and has been the only therapist to alleviate the pain in my lower back and hips. If you want a massage, go to Tim!The front desk staff is always friendly and polite, and the rooms are always clean and relaxing. If you have chronic problems with muscle tension, Massage Envy is well worth the commitment.
4	Despite the not so relaxing environment prior to massage, the massage itself was great! Maricel was very professional am gave me the deep tissue relief I was needing! Definitely recommend her.
4	I've been a member for over 2 years and love love love my monthly massages. For the most part the therapists are great. I have 2 or 3 that I've walked out saying to myself 'Never again!' but that's pretty rare. Of course I have my favorite (Bill) but we always book last minute so I don't get him all the time.The thing that prompted me to finally post a review after so long is the water they give you after the massage. Weird, right? The therapists bring you out a small cup of H2O after your massage and  they must have recently changed it because tonight it was just terrible. Tasted dirty like Arrowhead. I thought it was just me but I offered it to my bf and he said no bc it was bad.In the end, the therapists are awesome (just make sure you communicate what you want!) but the water is gross so bring your own bottle.
1	This place is definitely not the place I signed up with.  Every time I go there, there is some issue, and usually each person I talk to has a different solution.  There is a revolving door of managers and asst. managers that I can only assume were pulled straight out of high school, as in before they even finished.  They have no issue with changing policies on a whim and leaving you to deal with it.  What a way to run a business Massage Envy!
5	Sanju did my facial and she was amazing. Focused on what was the main concern on my face which was dryness. I also told her I was just getting over a sinus infection so she while she was massaging my face she massages my sinus areas for relief and also put some steam on my face to help me breathe. Definitely go to her. Breanna (I believe that was her name!) was super friendly. She asked what I wanted focus on and she was successful at targeting my shoulder and back like I requested. She still did my arms, neck, and legs. She did this thing with her hands that made it feel like an electric massager which was so impressive!! And felt terrific!! I am going back to her!
5	I have died and gone to heaven. At least it felt like it haha. Got a facial done by Emily and she was very knowledgeable and told me everything I needed to know about my face and why I was breaking out around certain areas. The steam was a bit much but they'll adjust it to your liking. Then I got a massage. Didn't get my ladies name. But she was AMAZING!!!!! I've been looking for a good masseuse and I think I've found the one haha. The pressure she applied was deep but so good! I felt like she got every single knot in my body. It was love haha. Massage envy is a definite go to place for either a facial or massage... Or both!!
5	I don't get spoiled often but when I do I go all out. I'll base my review on my last visit which was amazing. I kept falling asleep lol. My snore would wake me up. I felt a lil embarrassed but it was relaxing so couldn't help it. Marisol is great! I've had some of the other masseuse but I like her work best. After long hours of bar work. Nothing beats a 2 hour massage. $80 with membership is a bargain. $200 without membership.
3	5 stars to our favorite masseuse, Marisol!She addresses what needs attention and surprises you when she hits a spot that you don't really pay attention to! She's really nice and does a great job!Now my review on my recent experience..I'm really not feeling the front desk staff.. Somewhat unprofessional, loud, nonstop laughing, nonstop whispers (which I don't understand if they were talking sh*t about people). I have a membership and had roll over hours. So I decided to use it for a facial instead of a massage.Was told to come in early to fill paperwork out because it would be my first time.Came in 15 mins early.. Waited 20 mins before saying something.. Front desk says person to do my facial is running late... Another 20 mins passed, still haven't called to go back, and still no paperwork. Supposedly the person to do facial had told the front desk to give me a call that she'd be running late.. No phone call was received nor made. That was pretty irking!!Sarah finally called me back.. And she was great! Explained everything thoroughly, was gentle, and made me feel comfortable for my first facial! She answered all questions and eased up my concerns!I will keep coming back for the masseuses and estheticians.. But I don't know about dealing with the front desk..
1	HORRIBLE PLACE!!! I wish I could give it a MINUS 500. WHAT A HORRIBLE PLACE, AND WHAT A BUNCH OF RUDE AND INSULTING PEOPLE AT THE FRONT DESK!!  These people are running a racket here. They must be hiring people to write all the positive reviews. They promise a lot when they sign you up, and provide "zilch" in terms of service. I never got a decent massage there, in fact I came back with more pain every time. What is more amazing is HOW RUDE the people at the front desk are! I tried to express my dissatisfaction about the quality of the service, and they became EXTREMELY RUDE AND FOUL MOUTHED. In particular, the person named "Tiffany" , who claims to be the manager, was insulting, rude, bad mannered and foul mouthed; I think she bluffed about being the manager as the owner has to be insane to make her the manager!!! I couldn't believe my ears about some of the things she told me. She even had the audacity to tell me "to leave"!! AND i AM A PAYING CUSTOMER who only went to express dissatisfaction with the service. I decided right then that I do not want to deal with such people and cancelled my membership. I STILL CANNOT BELIEVE HOW PEOPLE CAN BE SO RUDE AND INSULTING!!!You will be better of taking your business somewhere else. At least you don't have to pay to get insulted!
5	My 1st time at Massage Envy & I was so impressed with the professionalism & ambiance. If your thinking of going "Go" & if you want a good therapist ask for "Paul". The things he did to my feet should be illegal
1	I've had massages before and this was the poorest. Bruna was recommended to me and was nice and personable but didnt stop talking. the lights were too bright, the normal talking voice did not set the tone for a relaxing massage. I went in for a specific leg ailment and she began just pushing on it very hard, enough to make me jump, then relaxed her grip too much. My 5 yr old granddaughter could do better. I walked away feeling frustrated and ripped off, and my leg hurt worse than better. I would not go back nor would I recommend anyone.
2	Was not thrilled by the massage or the way that they try to railroad you into a contract. I did not like either one ... They pretend to be the premier place to go but truthfully they are subpar.....   I viewed them as used car salesmen....
4	Therapist - "Paul" was my therapist and I highly recommend him!!!I was in so much pain on my upper back/shoulder & neck area.  Talk about a deep tissue massage.  Need not say anymore!Thank you Paul for an excellent & wonderful massage!Ask for "Paul" :)Front Desk:   That is a different Story in its self!The front desk is very unprofessional.  No compassion/empathy & understanding.I hate to say this but " Las Vegas Mission" people that don't have a job - can do a better than the one's that are currently employed.  It is sad that when you become so comfortable with your employment - I guess you can treat people any way you want because your "job" is supposedly secure.  No Fear!If I was the Owner of this Beautiful Place, I would clean house and "Hire" people with excellent customer service and treat my clients like Royalty.What is the deal with the Front Desk area?  It is so messy and clutter mess everywhere.  So unprofessional to Look at!Next Visit:I hope that there will be some changes with the front desk staff.  Either send them to a class to learn how to give Customer Service or Clean House!  Train or Replace!After reading all of the reviews from previous clients, it amazes me that the Owner finds this acceptable for the Front desk Staff to treat Clients in such an unprofessional manner.5 Stars for the Therapist0 Stars for the front desk!
3	It's hard for me to grade with stars because the management/company isn't very good, but my masseuse was excellent. Another thing is that the front lobby isn't relaxing at all. There isn't a meditation room to wait for the massage like MANY other locations. Overall the lobby is kinda dumpy, and looks cheap.I made an appt for massages. We went in and ultimately signed up for a membership and gave our credit card. It wasn't until after our massages that we learned we had to pay because the membership hadn't kicked in yet, and wouldn't for a month. No one told us and I felt a little duped.BUT my masseuse was amazing! I've been to this location twice and I have to say the actual massage is very good. I'd tell you her name, but then i'd have to kill you XO
5	Got a massage for myself and my mother , and we both loved it ! Guys were amazing !!!! Always very professional . I was hesitant at first when I saw this place on yelp because it had 3.5 stars, but let me tell you it was a great experience.
5	Great place to relax and get a massage from great massage therapists. Highly recommended.
5	My friend treated me to a prenatal massage. It was the best experience ever! I recommend all pregnant women get one. Wayne was my masseur and he was extremely friendly and gentle. He went into detail about everything to make me fill more comfortable and explained what to expect. And asked what my comfort levels were. I think I may have to come back and get another soon.
1	This is my first time writing a review. I just want to warn you DO NOT SIGN UP for this place! This is the worst place! Not saying their therapists are bad. It is once you sign up to be their member (which I unfortunately did), then you found out there were so many rules and policies that were never explained to you when they push you to sign up. And you can't discontinue your membership until you paid for 12 month's fee (of course they wouldn't tell you at all at the beginning. I actually believe I was told I could discontinue it anytime I want). I didn't go there every month, so I had accumulated a few. I was informed I could transfer those ones to my family/friend to use. And I did earlier last year. I brought my friend with me without any problem. I want to let my parents enjoy massage today. First I was told I could not transfer my unused ones for both of them, I can only do one in 30 days; secondly, I have to pay $10 for each transfer.   Although I explained I wasn't charged before and I was not aware of all these strict rules ( I have prepaid for all these massages already, so I don't understand why I can't let my parents to use them). The manager would not do anything differently. I asked to speak with their owner and was told they don't know when their owner would come. Oh, also, the massage therapist told me before that although this place charge customers a lot, they only get paid $15 for each massage and they don't even get any insurance through their company. Massage Envy rips off both customers and employees!
4	I really enjoyed my massage here. Very knowledgeable therapist, Allison. I recommend her anytime you find yourself over here.
