2	In the Southpark Mall food court, Bistro 7 is one of a half-dozen vendors, which range from Showmars to Subway to Chik-Fil-A and a pizza place. Four of them offer the same exact thing - chopped up grilled chicken in sauce (usually Bourbon sauce) with vegetables and rice or lo-mein noodles, all for the low low price of $5.99 or so.Rather than one of these usuals, the Bistro 7 sandwich and side called to me to have something different. There are three or four different pre-made sandwiches in the display case as well as three or four different salads. Their "#1 special" is a sandwich and a salad. I chose the club sandwich (ham, turkey, cheese with lettuce and tomato), which was then grilled on a panini press and presented to me warmed up enough to melt the cheese, but not "hot" which probably would have wilted the lettice. I selected the fruit salad (over a chef salad and a greek-style salad and something mayo-heavy with pasta), which was a nice sized portion of watermelon, cantaloupe and honeydew, with an unfortunate amount of rind still attached. Aside from that complaint, it was fresh, cool and delicious.Would I have the same again? Sure. Would I go out of my way to stop here if I wasn't already near the mall? No.
4	I enjoyed this place! The staff was very helpful and friendly they let you try everything before you decide...and it's not just your honey chicken and lo mein they also offer salads like Greek and chicken penne and fresh mixed vegetables and spicy chicken. And it's cheap! For $5.99 you get one meat and two sides. For something different than the regular mall food this place is great.
4	This place is no longer open, but I want to mention that it was an underrated place. When you go to malls, you'll usually find some sort of fast-food Asian option. You know? Some sort of combo option with one or more meat choices, fried or white rice or lo mein, possibly some mixed veggies. In about every mall food court you'll find something like it. Bourbon chicken, etc.Bistro 7 was cool because it had that, but also had a decent selection of salads and pre-made sandwiches too. The staff there was always very very friendly. And it was a great great deal too. It's unfortunate that it's no longer open...
