4	I really love this place. There are tons of fast food options, but when you are tired of those and ready for great food that's very reasonably priced then I say head over here. I usually get the pork tacos but had my wife with me today and we shared the super nachos. It was so good and the flavors are all authentic. Also, there was so much food that 2 of us couldn't finish. Give this place a try. You will love it!!
4	Uno, Dos, Tres, Delicious!!Mariana's is the best place in the valley to shop for authentic Mexican food and goods.  There is a huge selection of snacks, fresh produce, tortillas, meats, and home supplies here.  I stop in most mornings before work for some Aloe Juice or something from the incredibly quenching fresh juice bar they have.  My favorite treat from Mariana's is the Cucumber Aqua Fresca, which is probably the tastiest juiciest juice drink in el mundo.  (Diversity FTW)The staff is super nice, and even though my Spanish is far from impressive, I never have any problem finding what I need.  Make sure you stop by for something wonderful, whether its Chicharrones, Tamales, or Takis (aka crack for kids)
4	What's an ASIAN doing in a mexican grocery store...I ComeHere For.... THE PASTEL DE TRES LECHES!Mi gusta MUCHISIMO the pastel de tres leches!I cannot find this anywhere else in this town.. Marianas is a conveint mexican gorcery store and you can find all the mexican ingredients here.. From takis to marias cookies im sure you can find everything you need here for a mexican fiesta! But i am mostly here for the pastel de tres leches.. try now! they have it in fruit, strawberry, and chocolate flavor..For my birthday i had them custom make this cake it cost me about 80$ but well worth it if you wanted something different and wanted to impress your friends... I know to the mexican world this cake is probably normal..  But if you ever see this place dont be scared walk right in and grab that cake! Everyone is pretty polite and helpful there!
5	This is one of my local supermarkets. I see myself coming here once a week they always have specials, plus the staff is very friendly. They have a variety of stations We can start off with the Bread/cakes They have a wide and cheap assortment of breads and cake that you can choose from. Its freshly baked everyday. I would highly recommend as that you give the stuffed bolio a try. It has jalapenos and cream cheese baked on the inside.The cakes are great as well.Meat DeptEvery week they run great specials on different meat or seafood. It is very clean and organized. (Sometime the lines are really long but worth it cuz there are some cute guys in the back)ProduceI would be careful when looking at the produce from my perspective they have cheap cheap produce, but sometime they have a lot that is on the verge of going bad. Hot food This is the best they have carnitas, chicharron en salsa verde, beans, rice, fried onions, fried jalapenos, and boy oh boy oh boy they are effin delicious. They have family packs where you can get 2lbs. of  carnitas (pork meat) beans, rice and tortillas for around $18.00 bucks.Enjoy.I might have missed something, I will edit as I go along.
4	We showed up to a friends baby shower to find out that the time our invitation was wrong and we were early. 2 and a half hours early! Our friend suggested we roll with him to pick up a few last minute things for the shower while his wife finished getting ready. One of the stops was for some fruit trays at Mariana's and I'm so glad!When entering the store it felt a bit chaotic. We headed right over where the fresh fruit trays are made and ordered one. The fruit trays can be ordered where they make the fresh fruit drinks and smoothies in the eating area. The fruit trays were $19.99 each and they cut it up fresh right in front of you. After getting back to the house with the fruit trays and other supplies we were told that we didn't get enough and to go back and get 3 more fruit trays! So after going back to Mariana's and ordering 3 more fruit trays the worker informed us that they usually require at least 1 day in advance for any fruit tray to be made. She as well as another kind lady hustled to get all the fruit cut up and meet our needs. I thought that was so cool I mean she could have easily turned us away as they did have a long line for the fruit drinks. Since it was going to be up to an hour for the fruit trays to be finished, I wanted to walk around and see what else this store had to offer. The butcher department was flooded with people and they had such a nice variety of meats you can't find at Von's or Smith's etc. The produce department didn't leave much of a good impression to me. The fruits and veggies were small and nothing spectacular. Maybe it was the day and maybe it was the time of season who knows. The bakery department was for sure my favorite! They had such an assortment of breads and pastries I never even knew existed. Their "Tres Leches Cake" looked so yummy. They had a smaller version for only $4.99! The donuts and GIANT cookies were also $4.99 a doz. I was now back to the fruit drinks and spotted a tasty looking ham sandwich in the case. My friend insisted I try it and bought it for me. I sat at a table in the eating area and had my way with this delicious jamon sammie! The cheese that was on the sandwich was a nice and different and hit the spot. They have plenty of options for food such as tacos, burritos, quesadillas, and much more made fresh to order in the eating area. I want to go back and try the tacos.I am so glad that we came to this store! I will for sure be back for cakes, pastries, breads and to eat lunch as it is all conveniently in the same corner in the store. I can't see myself really going out of that *corner* though since the produce didn't appeal to me.Please remember to call ahead if you need anything made on a certain day so that you can make sure to have it when you need it.
4	Inexpensive produce and cuts of meat for very reasonable prices is what I think about when I think of Mariana's. When I need kale, baby spinach, and oxtails I only think about one place. 2lbs of oxtails for $8 is decent. It becomes better when those two pounds are meat heavy instead of all bones. With enough care and patience, these tough cuts can turn into the most beautiful of stews. I will admit that I was a little overwhelmed by the chaos going on around me. Loud noise, busy crowds, a large inventory to go through, and not exactly knowing what everything is makes for a disheveling situation. Once you get past all of the craziness, Mariana's has so much to offer.
