4	I went to Las Margaritas for my birthday dinner this year and it was great authentic mexican food.  I am a vegetarian, and they had a specific part of the menu that catered to vegetarians, which really turned me on the place.  I went with my brother-in-law who is from Mexico and this is also his favorite mexican restaurant.  Not just for the food, but for the excellent service.  The entire wait staff works together, and like Tony said in his review, they are willing to make dishes that aren't on the menu.  If you go, you should try the Horchata, this is a mexican rice based drink that compliments any Mexican dish.  I was surprised with a song and dance from the wait staff that was both hilarious and embarrassing in the same.  My waitress put a sambrara on my head and sang to me as my face turned as red as a tomato.  Anyways, I would recommend everything about the place (just don't let them know that it's your bday)!
4	Very good place to me anyway. Very authentic Mexican dishes offered plus the usual expected type items on the menu and presented very nicely, brightly colored room, very clean with fast service and super, super friendly staff that are sincerely glad you came. Very much worth trying if you really love Mexican food and fantastic Margaritas.
4	I haven't been to Las Margaritas since it was named something different (El Valle, if memory serves), and as I can recall, it's about the same, other than the name thing.  Of course, these days, the restaurants all look about the same - now I'm really starting to sound old!On this particular night, I had a burrito, and the ingredients tasted fresh, as has been mentioned before, but I'll have to say that by the time we arrived, I was pretty beat, so I was just glad to be able to have something to eat.I'll also concur with Tony C, and say that the service here was top-notch, and if there is anything that falters, it's probably the food.  It isn't that it's bad, it's just that it's not outstanding.
3	Hubby being from Houston and me eating a lot of mexican/texmex while we were dating.....mexican food anywhere else is like a joke. Unless you are willing to try cantinas # something. Now those are always the best! Anyway there are days when Hubby gets really nostalgic and craves Mexican food so we decided to try Las Margarita because it was close to home and it always looks packed when we drive by. The service was awesome! we got so many refills of chips and salsa. The salsa was made fresh. The Margarita was really yum too. I ordered the chicken tacos and hubby got the fajitas. Both of us were satisfied with the dishes we ordered. Maybe there are other mexican restaurants that are more authentic out there but this place sure beats the typical on the border or chevys. But if you are about the ambiance rather than the food then this is not the place for you. Its a huge restaurant with great service and good food. Order a pitcher of Margarita and Enjoy!
4	My daughter loves this place. We had never been, but she dragged us here on Christmas Eve. It turns out she knows most of the servers there, as she and her ex-boyfriend would frequent the place quite often last year.WOW! We were impressed by the service, the portions, and the freshness of the food. The Pico De Gallo is great. The salsa is great. The guacamole is wonderful. It's all fresh, and the chips are warm!The plates are at least 16 inches in diameter, and there's enough food on the typical entree to feed two adults. My 84-year-old parents shared a steak plate that filled them up with enough left over for another person. My wife and I each had lots left over. One of the twins had a kid meal and took 2/3 of it home. The other one took half of his home. My daughter also had leftovers of her vegetarian fajitas.These folks have an extensive menu, and they will make adjustments or substitutions for you. They want you to be happy and full, and they are very attentive to your needs. We had a "water glass accident" (spill), and they were on it immediately.We will definitely return to this place. It's authentic, very reasonably priced, and festive. We will have to remember to be starving when we get there...Do print a Google Map or use your GPS to find it the first time, though. It is in a strip shopping center just off Independence freeway, but is best accessed from the neighborhood streets off of Sharon Amity, just West/South of Independence.
5	Las Margaritas is a great mexican restaurant. Usually, my family and I would eat as Don Pedro's, but after eating here, we switched. Food is a bit cheaper, a bit better, and the atmosphere is fitting for a mexican restaurant. Service is also very good and there are rarely any issues. I'm yet to have a bad food experience, their cheese enchilada is to die for! Also, their complementary salsa and chips are delicious, as well as the cinnamon-cream desert chips that come with the bill. Portions are huge, but filling, and you always leave happy! Great restaurant that I will return to!
4	Fast, friendly service. Food is consistently good, we love to stop in often.
5	Went again last night. It was delicious. They have the best chips and salsa ever made in the history of the world (legit). As usual, we got good service and the food was great!
3	Solid tex-mex. I usually head to Don Pedros or Azteca when the craving for a Nopales burrito hits but this place works just as well.They do good business at lunch, but the space is cavernous, so there's never a wait. Slaw and watery salsa in your face immediately as you sit. Optional white rice, if you ask. They're cool about being picky, so you can request all three sauces on your 'rito, if you'd like, or get fresh AND pickled jalapenos, or add veggies, no cheese, etc. Nothing's particularly deeply flavored or spicy, but for 5 bucks, Margaritas lunch can't be beat.
5	Me and my friends go often because the restaurant is a 'no hassle' spot.  The food is consistently good and the wait staff is always super friendly.  No matter if we go as a couple or a party of 20+, we have never had to wait.  Being a native Carolinian, I'm not the best judge of authentic Mexican cuisine, but this food is full of flavor without being overpoweringly spicy.  I'm glad that the lacking decor turns people away so I always have a seat!
5	We frequent this establishment 1-2 times a week!We love our Mexican food and this place has been a superb find.Probably some of the best enchiladas (chicken) we have had in a long time.I tend to order chicken-steak fajitas.We always get beef nachos. Good salsa...not too spicy.We always get our food to go, but if you want to eat in there is plenty of room, it's clean and the service is always good and friendly!So from a big Mexican food fan who is used to food in Chicago, go ahead and give this place a try. I am sure you won't be disappointed when you realize it's affordable and you have leftovers!Be alert though when you drive to this place, it's in a strip mall on the right-hand side if traveling East on Independence...just before Brazaz
3	Not bad, not bad at all. I need to visit this place a couple of more times in order to bump the rating up.I swear they have the same chips & salsa as Azteca. I was starting to wonder if this were a sister restaurant but no.I had the lunch fajitas (steak). The meat had a good flavoring from the onions & peppers but was missing it's own seasoning. At first I was opposed to the "orange" colored rice (it usually spells disaster for me from past experience) but I was amazed at the good flavor. Wasn't crazy about the cheese on the refried beans, but the beans underneath...bueno!A nice step-up from the old chain of El Cancun restaurants of yore. Nice staff and good prices for lunch. I will be back....especially for one of those margarita specials.Your pal,Walter
5	I use to eat at this restaurant all the time, and once they started construction on Independence I forgot all about it.  But yesterday I really wanted Mexican food really bad, and decided to return they upgraded the place a lot it looks a lot better than it use to look really nice and the staff are sweet.  The food wow the food was amazing, I had the fajita burrito and it was about as big as the big factory one they serve at Cheesecake factory.  Much cheaper version and really fantastic just awesome it was soo much food I had to get the rest to go, the plates were huge they didn't skimp on anything just awesome you should try it.
5	This place is becoming a habit. I am hooked on the chicken fajitas and find myself trying to talk the hubs into going here at least once a week (he usually shows restraint and limits me to every other week). As much as I love the food, it's the service that really makes this place shine. Never any issues if you ask for extras, want more chips and salsa? Just ask and it will appear before you, no hassle like some other places. The place is always clean and I find the seating to be comfortable. The only food I have tried are the fajitas, and at some places I think that makes me narrow minded but when it comes to Mexican food, I like what I like! I am so happy to live so close to this place!! I'm already thinking about going for lunch since I'm guessing the hubs won't want to go for dinner.
4	Ok, I've been back a couple of more times but really can't bring the rating up to 5 stars.Still, a pretty decent Mexican restaurant. Very nice and accomodating staff.Minor quibble: Shrimp fajitas were probably 85% onions and peppers with only 8 small shrimps.  Between the amount of those onions and the ones you get with the 2 different salsas, you won't make any friends when you return to work.This is my go-to Mexican if the mood hits me during lunchtime at work. I have my own personal fav to go at night if you read through my reviews.Your pal,Walter
4	Where do you go when you need that greasy Mexican fix?  Me I go to Las Margaritas. Sure you can choose one of the other ten Mexican joints on  Independence but then you wouldn't receive the friendly service and $5 bucket of Coronitas that Las Margaritas serves everyday.  Cheese dip, tacos, and beer isn't that what Mexican food is all about! *Yes from time to time I will throw a margarita into the mix
4	Ok, third time's almost the charm but it's still not a 5 star place for me.I really dig this place but I do have a few nitpicks with it. I finally tried something out of the fajita realm and had something simpler that most Mexican restaurants really Mexican't screw up: The Chicken Chimichanga (spelled Chimichunga here). Very good! I still wish they would not go with the "orange" cheese on their beans, I prefer it white.  While on the topic of cheese, I wish they would not go so far in their menu to state that  they use Land O' Lakes cheese. It makes them seem less authentic and that's nothing to really brag about using.Still, amazingly friendly service that will have me going back often.Your pal,Walter
5	We were in the neighborhood and my husband hit Yelp to try to find a good place for lunch. Las Margaritas' 4 and 5 star reviews stood out. It was Cinco de Mayo, and Mexican seemed like an ideal choice.The menu is good, and the lunch specials are available even on weekends. We each ordered one of the lunch specials for $5-$6. My husband ordered the Arroz con Pollo (his standard) and I tried a dish new to me... "Chilaquile" or something like that. I was in it for the tomatillo sauce. Kind of like an open faced burrito with corn tortillas.The beer was cold. The salsa (both a veggie based slaw-type salsa and a regular thin medium tomato-based salsa) was good. The chips were fresh and warm. Our food was excellent, and portion sizes were generous for the prices we paid at lunchtime. Service was fantastic and a great soccer game was on the telly.For me, a 5-star rating means there's nothing I can find fault with or suggest improvement upon. Las Margaritas is a humble strip mall Mexican restaurant that serves delicious food at great prices and with attentive service. For what it is, I can suggest nothing at all to improve upon. If we're ever in the neighborhood, we'll be back!
4	Their lunch specials are nuts portion wise. From somewhere between $5-7 you can get pretty much a double portion of a lot of mexican standards. I opted for chilaquiles which were pretty solid and tasted damn near as good the next dar when I microwaved them at the office. So that's like $3 per lunch?! Insane.
5	Las Margaritas is known for its fantastic carnitas de puerco, which come in a huge portion size, garnished with such gastronomic delights as pickled red onions and guacamole. I've also really enjoyed most of the vegetarian menu, which is about the same size and selection as many other Mexican restaurants in town. The pollo poblano is wonderfully rich with mole sauce. If you're looking for a cheap dinner, the burrito supremo with either chicken or ground beef is the way to go; it's big and topped with tomatoes, cheese, and guacamole.Lunch is cheap, delicious, and generous. It's the only time they offer the delicious avocado tostada. You can get the lunch specials on weekends, which more places should do.The decor is bright, with an open-ductwork ceiling that has been painted the same yellow as the walls. Recently I noticed they've hung some sombreros from the ceiling in between the lights. The overall effect is festive and feels more open than it really is.Portion sizes are downright majestic on many of the entrees. It's not the most authentic Mexican food around (for one thing, they use a lot of yellow cheese), but it's delicious and served by a friendly and attentive wait staff. They're quick to offer seemingly endless refills of the free chips, salsa, and a pico de gallo that I want to just eat up with a spoon all by itself.
4	Las Margaritas is not the place to go if you're trying to diet and count calories.  However, if you want plentiful, inexpensive, quick, and tasty Mexican food, I totally nominate this place.I love love LOVE guacamole.  Matter of fact, I feel like I'm kind of a connoisseur of of guacamole, and so I get pretty ecstatic when I find a good batch of it.  I can honestly say that their guacamole ranks pretty highly in my book.  It tastes fresh, not too salty, and can be purchased for quite a reasonable price here (less than $4, I believe, for a pretty generous portion).  Their chips and salsa are wonderful as well.  They have nice, thick tortilla chips, which taste fresh, warm, and homemade.  They bring out two different salsas to go with them; one smooth and one more chunky.  Both are different and equally wonderful.My partner and I both ordered combos from them.  I had a tamale and chile relleno, both of which were pretty tasty.  I have never had a chile relleno quite like that, which was more like an omelet with cheese, chiles, and meat.  I will warn you, both of them had quite a bit of grease leaking out of them, which suits me just fine but could be a turn-off to people who don't care for really greasy food.  My partner ordered a taco, which he really enjoyed as well.I really like their rice as well.  I thought it had a mild flavor, not too salty, and no overwhelming tomato taste (which I don't care for in rice).  Their beans were not bad as well, and tasted like typical refried beans.While I didn't order them, they had some great drink specials and prices on drinks.  Service there was wonderful - our food came out quickly, and our waitress was friendly and attentive.  Parking does not seem like a problem, but it may be a little difficult to get into the parking lot if coming west on Independence.  The decor was bright and typical of many Mexican restaurants.I am totally excited to hit this place up again.
5	Top notch eatin joint. Good tacos, salsa variety, and the eye-pleasing interior design make this place a good bet.
4	I have been to this place at least 50 times. While they are not my favorite Mexican restaurant in Charlotte, (that would be Monterrey at Windsor Square), they are still good. Las Margaritas is only a few blocks from my work place, so it is one of my regular lunch places. The food is good and their prices are great. They have over 20 lunch items all around $6. They give you tons of food even at lunch. (Compared to Monterrey, who's lunch portion is about half the size of dinner.) The staff is always very friendly and service is good. A few issues I have are 1) sometimes their shredded chicken can be a little tough, I think sometimes they don't shred it enough. 2) The orange cheese (cheddar I guess) , though I have learned to live with it. 3) Salsa is so so but I do like their pico.My favorite dishe is the Chilaquiles. It is tortilla chips cooked with some kind of sauce with shredded chicken and some sort of white cheese. Doesn't sound that good, but it is delicious. Love the vegetarian burrito, the enchiladas (ground beef), Pollo con arroz and Carnitas. Because I normally only eat lunch here, I can't really judge the more expensive entrees.Overall, large portions of good food, for a reasonable price, served by friendly staff. A solid 4 stars in my book.
5	Quick and tasty food with good drinks and extremely friendly service. And it's cheap. I love this place.
4	Great service, great food, and great prices. This place does not disappoint. I will be back :-).
4	This was some of the friendliest service I've had in awhile. Our server was very sweet and did a great job with making conversation while not being overbearing. The chips served were pretty tasty, they serve a pickled pico-style along with a traditional mild salsa. We each had the chimichanga's with beef and they were excellent- very crispy served with guacamole, sour cream, lettuce, tomato, pickled veggies, rice, and refried beans. The dish was HUGE. We left completely stuffed. For a mere $25 we had two dinners, two drinks + tip so it was an incredible value.  I can't wait to go back and try their very reasonably price mojitos (under $5!) Enjoyed it and will be back again for sure!
5	The best Mexican in the Queen City! Great prices and friendly staff. The pico de gallo is so fresh. Never have I had anything bad.
4	I've been to this place a few times and have enjoyed it.  Service is really friendly.  You get a lot of food for your buck.  The daiquiris are great too. I'd definitely recommend it.
4	A solid Mexican restaurant with great friendly service.  The food was pretty decent.  Certainly not the best I have had, but pretty good.  The waitress was friendly with our kids which is always a bonus.   The fajitas were good and the Mexican ice cream was decent.  My husband's burrito was HUGE!
5	This is s new favorite spot of mine I wondered in here on this rainy day and had the chimichanga it was absolutely delicious the rice and beans were phenomenal as well this place has great food at reasonable prices......
5	I love the staff at this place. The staff is so nice and they are so on it if you need anything!!! The food is amazing. I always have a great experience when I go here.
4	I met a group of people for dinner tonight as Las Margaritas.  Most of the party arrived separately, but chips and salsas were plentiful as we waited.  The menu seems to be reasonably varied, and had a number of items that sounded good to me.  Plates for the entire group (around 10) came out very close together, which I appreciated so much.  It is SO awkward to be the one stuck at a table for 20 minutes without anything, while the rest of the table tries to decide if they should be polite and wait for you (and subject themselves to cold food) or to dig in and be rude.I chose the Pollo Asado, which arrived on a GIANT plate.  I received 2 pieces of pounded, citrus-marinated chicken breast, rice and beans, and a pico de gallo that was different from the one served on the table (spicier, and a bit more macerated.  Also yummy).  The chicken had just the right amount of char, and the marinade had clearly served it well, since it managed to remain flavorful and not dry.Service overall seemed to be on point, yet unobtrusive.  Our server didn't bat an eye when we announced that each of us would like separate checks, and to go boxes were brought without me feeling like I was being rushed out the door.  I enjoyed my meal, and would return when I happened to be in the neighborhood.
3	I have been here several times and recount flavorable memories.  So, I eagerly anticipated my return.  The tradional chips were on the table, but with several salsas.  Each were good in their own way, but none of them were very spicy.I ordered the spinach enchilada.  It came with rice and beans on a huge plate.  I have had this in the past, but remember it having more flavor.  The spinach needed salt, and it all just tasted bland.  I did put a little salsa on the food to perk it up. I noticed in the menu, desserts was spelled "deserts."  I did not order any, but it was not because of the misspelling. The waitress brought us a complimentary sugary treat after our meal, which was a nice touch.I will try it again.  An off night can happen anywhere, even in my own kitchen.
2	For all the good reviews this place received, I expected a lot better.  I only went there because the reviews were awesome! The foot was terrible, I thought.  It was not really authentic besides the beans.  Mexican is one of my favorites, and this was just a disapointment.
5	In the 7 years since I moved from my home of Los Angeles I have NEVER found good mexican good.  The east coast just doesn't bring it the way I hoped.Enter Las Margaritas! It's like being home again with authentic hole in the wall mexican joints that are as easy to find as a Subway in Southern California.  We eat here now about 1-2 times a week and love it every single time.  I'm happy we stumbled into this unassuming little place as it makes Charlotte feel even more like home.
3	We went here after reading the reviews and wanting a change from our usual three amigos routineThe space and the service were great and very attentiveThe chips were warm (always a plus) and the pico was AWESOME  I got the carnitas de puerco and my girl got the chicken tacosmy carnitas were tough and fatty and it tasted like they hadn't changed their fry-o-later oil recently, but all the things that came with it were awesome, guac was great, pickled onions and other pickled veggies (nopal, and pico with beans in it) we awesome and unexpected.  beans and rice were standard her chicken tacos were very standard and nothing to write home abouti might give it another try cause the service was so sweet, we'll see.
5	Behold. A magical Mexican food wonderland for you to discover, and everything is served on a plate the size of a truck tire. Fantastic.
5	Great food!! Had the lunch fajitas steak.  Awesome. Nice salsa!! Service was outstanding
5	I used to go here when I lived in Charlotte the First time. I recently moved back so we returned to las margaritas hoping it was as good as I remembered it.  It was better!  The prices are reasonable and the portions are pretty large (def can take half for lunch the next day).  I feel like it's def one of the more authentic Mexican restaurants in the area.  No nasty velveeta like some other places in the area. My family's Mexican and when I took my parents here they both approved.  Try it out!Ps- the carne asada is awesome!
5	This is truly the best Mexican food I've ever had--high quality dishes with fresh ingredients.  They served large portions at a ridiculously reasonable cost, and I've never had such good service from the staff there.  They went out of their way to serve me with style.  Even though I have family in. Charlotte, I might have to come back here just to come to Las Margaritas!
4	We ordered out from here one night and were overall pretty pleased. It's good if you are just looking for some basic Mexican food. They have two kinds of salsa and the cheese dip was the same as you would get anywhere else. We had bean burritos which were huge, and covered with cheese sauce and each had a side of rice which has some vegetables in it. The rice was delicious, nice and fluffy. We will def. be ordering from here again in the future when we need to satisfy our craving for Mexican.
4	We dined here last night based on yelp reviews and it was close to our hotel. The place is not all that fancy - located on a busy main road with a bunch of construction going on. Once inside we were greeted by our very friendly server. Chips, salsa and pico quickly followed. My husband is extremely picky about his margaritas and our Texas margaritas on the rocks did not disappoint. Our food arrived quickly and portions were generous. I really enjoyed my mojarra frita. I order it often, and I particularly like the way this one was seasoned, and was extra crispy. I was surprised this place wasn't busier on a Saturday night. It might be the location, or the road construction but based on food, drinks and service, I would give them a try if you're in the area!
5	Today was my first time trying this place. I actually used yelp reviews to find a good Mexican spot for lunch, and the reviews were right on. I got the beef nachos, the lunch fajitas (steak) and the lunch burrito. The portion sizes are excellent and the quality is good too. They have flour AND corn tortillas, so my husband could share with me (he's got the gluten thingy). Of course there was the standards that come with Mexican food; beans and rice, chips and salsa. I love the extras! Three adults had more food than we could eat for $20 (including guacamole!).
4	Great food for a good price.   I love the lunch specials. starting at $5.00 us for great portions.
5	I have been here several times and it never disappoints. Service is always fast and friendly. The two salsas they serve taste very fresh. The burrito California with chicken is incredible and the portions for every entree are very generous. Although I am fairly new to Charlotte I have been convinced that this is one of the top Mexican restaurants in the city.
4	I can't tell you how many times I've been flying down Independence Blvd (and by flying, I of course mean driving the safe and comfortable speed limit) and went right by this place without ever giving it a second thought. Yelp led me here a few weeks ago. And then I came back a week later. Fast forward to today, I took my roommate here. To sum it up, I'm three for three in the weeks of September.The lunch menu here is a pretty good deal. Most of the meals are less than $6. Today I went with a combination of enchilada and taco. The roomie went arroz con pollo. Huge portions. She took half of hers home for lunch. I accidentally consumed everything on my plate. Gah, I've got to get back into yoga if I keep eating like this. I think our bill was maybe $16 with tax.The chips come with both a salsa and a pico slaw type salsa. I recommend mixing the two together. You're welcome.The people who work here are really friendly. During my first visit here, one of the waitresses sat and walked me through the menu. So nice. Getting back on Independence can take some patience. I avoid it and go out a back way. The road dumps you at Sharon Amity. Perfect for me. I just have to take Monroe to make the trek home.Craving some Mexican and some chips and salsa? This place hits the spot.
2	If you are looking for your simple, typical Mexican cuisine you have found the right spot.  We saw this restaurant on Yelp and figured we would give it a try since we were in the neighborhood.  It has cute decor on the inside, not the best location for a restaurant but some things can't be helped and it looks like the area is being updated/remodeled/reworked.  The salsa was okay, not the typical awesome salsa but more chunky and two types.  The cheese dip was titled Land O'Lakes Cheese dip so that basically tells you how that was.  We tried the veggie quesadilla and carne asada.  Both were okay, smaller portions than most Mexican spots which isn't necessarily a bad thing.  Service was okay.  I tried a margarita, it tasted like one your friend would attempt to make for you at home.  We really wanted to like this place based on other reviews, but it just didn't compare to other spots in the area.  Prices were reasonable though and if they rework the menu a bit and add some classic dishes and go the more classic route with their salsa, and cheese dip they'd draw a bigger crowd in on a weekend evening, which is when we went and it was pretty empty.  We'd probably give it another shot then.
4	Four and a half stars, actually.  This is one of my two go-to Mexican restaurants in Charlotte, depending on what part of town I'm in and which one is closer.  Love the salsa, almost always get the Carnitas, never had a bad meal.  Have taken groups of 8-10 in for lunch and still got great service.  Can't go wrong here.
4	I stopped in by accident...was hungry and too tired to cook. I'm Cuban transplant from Miami so I figured it couldn't hurt to try Las Margaritas. I got the grilled skirt steak platter...a bit expensive, but I got to choose how the steak was cooked. Enough food to feed me x3 (I'm a gastric bypass survivor). Tons of steak, rice and beans! Some kind of guacamole garnishment on top, that made everything else tasty! I got it 'to go' and I would absolutely return to eat inside! This restaurant is in a small strip mall on E.Independence and because of the road changes there if you are not aware, you could pass it by. If you enter via Monroe Rd, turn on Lanier and go until it dead ends and you will be at the strip mall it is in. It will be my new BEST go to restaurant for the Cotswold area I live inn.
5	Grilled shrimp tacos and 3 item combination everything was delicious and the service was good as well. Shrimp were cooked perfectly, pico de gallo fresh and the chicken in the enchiladas was tender. Only complaint the red enchilada sauce was half assed and like many mexican restaurants the table salsa was lackluster but overall the food was good.
4	One of my favorite lunch haunts.  A nice selection of traditional "American" style Mexican dishes along with more authentic fare.  Service is always good and fast.  Consistently very good food and reasonable prices.
