3	For a fast-food Philly, it's decent. They have a lot of choices, and also have loaded fries with cheese, bacon, etc. on top.The Philly Steak and Bleu is good, with real bleu cheese crumbles added to your steak while it is on the grill, making a tasty goo on top of your sandwich.
3	$5 large subs on Tuesdays!! My fav is the buffalo sub with lots of ranch.. goodness!
4	I've been going to this place with a friend of mine a couple of times a year for about 4 or 5 years. The staff is always friendly and helpful and the food is awesome. I love the grilled sub roll. It's always crisp, soft and chewy - all at the same time.  When bread was first conceived, I believe that this was the Holy Grail of breads and Charley's has found it. I usually get some variant of the Philly Steak and have never been disappointed. My friend always gets the Buffalo Chicken and I think he's the real fan of this place. It's at his insistence that we come here. Even so, I'm always pleased and a bit let down that I didn't think of it.I noticed last week that they have a sign posted in the window that says they give a 10% discount for patrons of the AMC Theater next door. All you have to do is show your ticket stub. Nice to know.I also noticed that this particular store has online ordering. Just go to http://www.charleys.com/ and put in the zip (85027) and click on the "order online" button. Now that I know this I may have to take advantage of that and end up eating here more often.
4	Love the Philly Cheesesteaks here. I have had everything on their menu.A bit pricey, but worth it.
4	Cheesesteaks were great, service could smile more.
5	I don't understand why there's so few 5 star reviews when no one has anything bad to say! Armando is always nice and welcoming, the rest of the staff is efficient, my food is always delicious. And $5.99 for a fresh cooked meal is totally worth it.
5	I ordered the regular sized sandwich and it was smaller than I thought. They should show you their sizes but other than that I was very impressed with the service and the food. All connoisseurs of lemonade will the appreciate the vast varieties and delicious favors that are offered.
2	I've eaten at Charley's a few times. It's pretty good, but it's WAY over priced. Recently I walked by the store and considered eating there, but then saw the cashier standing there on his cell phone doing nothing. Can't stand that. I've worked in retail/customer service/food service in the past and that is one thing I won't tolerate.
1	The picture of a stacked cheesesteak sandwich on the wall is a bait and switch. When i got my sandwich the amount of meat was a joke. I complained to deaf ears.This was my last trip to Charleys. Go to Luke's of Chicago, get the combo. Its worth the money and delicious
2	The food is good that's why we come here but we will be finding a new one to go to every time we come the staff is unprofessional messing around  yelling across the store to one another 2 different visits they were cursing one time they were complaining about another guest and they always have the same Spanish soap opera on the tv I thought this was a family friendly place
2	Sometimes I forget to bring my lunch to work.  I have an hour lunch so I get in my car and drive.  I wound up in this parking lot and it was either Chick Fil A, some teriyaki place, or here.  At the time, a cheesesteak sounded good.  I walked in and placed my order for a large cheesesteak, fries and a drink.  The "combo" was a little over $10.00.  Here is how the food was................Cheesesteak-  A bit skimp.  They cook the meat and onions together on the grill.  The steak was like steak ums and the onions were sparse.  This was topped with provolone cheese and then sandwiched between a toasted roll.  It was just alright.  Not nasty, but not delicious either.  If you get a sandwich here, opt for the extra meat...even then, the quality of the meat isn't that great so you still may be disappointed.  At least the roll was pretty good.Fries-  These were bordering on decent.  They fry them fresh but that doesn't make them good.  They were not salted either.  I had to douse them in tons of ketchup to make them edible.  They were cut a little too thick....too "starchy" and too dang hot for my liking too.  Burned my mouth.  I'd skip them if there is ever a "next time".Coke products and they did have Coke Zero at the fountain which was a positive!Overall, it was just an ok lunch.  $10.00 isn't outrageous for a lunch combo, but the skimpness of the sandwich and the not so great fries will keep me from heading back.  They do have a survey you can take and get a code for free fries and a drink on your next visit...that's a decent deal right there if you enjoy their food.  Service was friendly, but the food was just average.  Meh.  I've experienced better.
