5	My employer has requested/demanded that I not write anything negative about the venues they staff...so you may notice a curious lack of reviews on my part regarding the headliners at Caesars Palace! Like my mom always said, "If you can't say anything nice...don't say anything at all!" AHEM!!!When Rod Stewart announced his residency at Caesars, I rolled my eyes: "Here we go again...another fusty old Baby Boomer relic on the carousel of the damned!" You know, that carousel that rotates around Vegas, only instead of horses and giraffes, it's full of mummified ex-pop stars who haven't had hits in decades?! Tom Jones, Donny & Marie, Gladys Knight, etc. etc. ETC! Enough already!!Truthfully, before seeing this show I had always DESPISED Rod Stewart. His cocky banty-rooster shtick always grated on me, and his predilection for leggy blondes one-quarter of his age made me wanna barf. What a loser, right?!Well, loser or no...his show is AWESOME! Shh...don't tell anyone I'm saying this, but Rod Stewart is an AMAZING performer! Unlike "OTHER" headliners, who recite the same corny jokes night after night and seem to be phoning it in from a safe distance, Rod actually ENGAGES with the audience. While he's singing, instead of just staring into space with boredom disguised as poignancy, he actually makes eye contact with individual members of the crowd, gesturing and winking and smiling at them, sending them into fits of ecstasy. Most of his fan base appears to be Southern cougars with ginormous blonde hairdos, so it's a LOT of fun to watch!Aside from that, Rod also MOVES AROUND THE STAGE. Unlike "OTHER" headliners who plant their fat asses on a piano bench and proceed to sweat their way through 90 minutes of oldies, he actually dances around the stage... and the ENTIRE ROOM! I don't want to ruin the surprise for anyone, but be prepared to see Rod up close and personal -- even if you're not in the first 5 rows!But it gets even better. The main thing that sealed the deal for me, and made me a real Rod Stewart fan, is when he sings the song "Hot Legs." Not only does he sing this belter LIVE (no lip-syncing for Rod) -- WHILE he's belting it, crew members are tossing out bunches of autographed soccer balls which Rod then proceeds to kick out into the crowd. If you've ever been inside the Colosseum, you know how cavernous that room is. Well, Rod Stewart, at the advanced age of 667 (or however old he is) manages to kick some of them into the UPPER BALCONY (!!)...all while singing (belting) "Hot Legs..." AND while engaging with the crowd! It is AMAZING!!!Rod is also wont to invite random fans onstage WITH HIM (!!). Can you imagine "OTHER" headliners doing that?! (I'm talking to you, you fake-ass Quebecois diva!!!) One time, Rod invited everyone in the theater who was wearing a Celtic Football Club jersey onstage to sing with him (he made them promise to "behave," but tolerated it when one fat old granny grabbed his ass and kissed him on the cheek while he was singing). On other nights, he'll let various Southern cougars onstage WHILE HE IS SINGING "Maggie May..." and what's more, he'll let them sit next to him and TAKE PHOTOS with their personal cameras of him -- or even of him and themselves together! WHILE HE'S SINGING HIS BIGGEST HIT! I ask you...what other headliner does that shit?! Answer: NO ONE!Aside from how down-to-Earth and awesome Rod appears to be, his band is also ***amazing***. He has a smoking hot blonde brass section (blondes in mini dresses blowing on saxophones...growwwrrr!), a bunch of hot young mods in skinny ties and Beatle boots playing backup, and a trio of super-hot backup singers who really, really rock it.I'm here to tell you, I DESPISED Rod Stewart -- I mean, DESPISED -- until I watched this show one night. Even his most overplayed, tired old songs are fun to watch -- because his delivery is EXCELLENT. But sssshhhhhh!!!!! Don't tell anyone...or my hipster cred will be shot to hell!
5	Love this performance!I watched Rod Stewart in concert a while back, I believe last July or August and I have to say, he still got it! The performances were great, lively, and the band members seemed to be having true fun! The audience was also great. Rod Stewart actually pulled a girl who seemed to be a hard-core fan from the audience and kissed her on her cheek and let her sing with him! He also had this amazing lady in his band sing! She had a gorgeous voice and definitely stole the show!The concert had white lighting and white floors and was definitely bright but it was fun and lively.The music selection was great because of course, they were all hits! I loved his performances! What was so great because I had just recently discovered all my Rod Stewart CDs and was listening to him more often and when I realized that I was going to Las Vegas the same day he was performing I snatched up the tickets. I bought the tickets for around $89 or $99 each person and I was in the back row but I could still see his face clearly!Great show! If he ever performs again, you should definitely come watch!
5	Nice tight 80-90 minute set.  Priced right.  Good sound n energy.  Far cheaper than Cirque and better.
5	The distinctive throaty and almost scratchy-sounding voice left no doubt that Rod Stewart was up there on stage. At the unbelievable age of 67, the British Rocker and Crew put on a terrific show. His Spiked hair! His Dazzling outfits! And His High energy!!! If there were any boos, they were drowned out by cheers and applause. During the show Stewart kicked loads of soccer balls into the audience while fans scrambled to catch them. Offstage changes were solo opportunities for his backup singer, drummer, guitar, sax, and trumpet players to keep the show hopping and moving to the roar of applause.
5	I have seen Rod Stewart 3 times, once at the MGM Grand Garden and now twice at the Colosseum at Caesars Palace.  The show is fantastic and the venue is too!When he was many years younger, Stewart told an interviewer from Rolling Stone Magazine that he didn't intend to become a parody of himself by singing "Do You Think I'm Sexy" when he was fifty years old.  Now the 68 year old Stewart, as of January, closes his show with just that song and there's a mention of the interview on the LCD panel above.  And, many of the women of all ages think he is.The show, as another reviewer stated, starts promptly at 7:30.  If you come later, you'll be missing something so plan ahead.  Stewart changes his show a bit now and then by singing some of the songs from the album he released earlier in 2013.  Last night, he did one song from the new album.  But he did many of the standards--"Have I Told You Lately"; "The First Cut Is the Deepest"; "Rhythm of My Heart"; "Forever Young"; and "Hot Legs" to name a few.  The only gem I wish he'd do in the show would be "If Only."  I really love that song.Stewart is a very active performer moving to all areas of the large stage and through the audience as he's backed up by a superb group of musicians and fine singers.  He takes full advantage of the band members' talents.  Periodically, he leaves the stage to change clothes--no, he's not as bad as Cher with clothes--but it gives the singers and band members a chance to showcase their individual and collective talents!  It also gives the 68 year old a chance to take a break.He kicks personally signed soccer balls to the audience and you're lucky if you can get one.  He keeps the chatter to a minimum unlike some performers who have to talk forever about where a song came from, who their parents are, or even to introduce them.  The one song from the new album that he sang last night was an homage to his father and even the intro to that song was just a minimum--what it needs to be to explain it.One note to the super fans and the younger crowd in the audience.  In case you didn't know, when you buy a ticket to the show, you get the seat, too!  At no extra cost!  Free!  Really!  Would I kid you?  You paid $250 plus fees so sit in the damn seat.  And guys, swaying your asses isn't sexy--it just means you've been hitting the sauce too much in Las Vegas.  On the other hand, there were a few cuties last night that shook their stuff and they (the women) were fine!  Other than that, except for a few songs when everyone's up and swinging, sit the hell down!
5	Rod Stewart still has it!  He is a fantastic performer. He even has some of his family members perform on stage. This is one of those shows that you don't want to end.
5	Absolutely amazing!  This show exceeded my expectations.  Rod Stewart and the ensemble that accompanied were so talented.  I listened to Rod Stewart's latest hits when I was in high school, and his live versions were just as good if not better.  8-track tape just doesn't compare.  Two talented saxophonists, 7 violinists + 1, a female trumpet player, 3 talented female singers/dancers, guitarists, drummers, ....  Just wow.  I truly enjoyed the show.  Rod, you rock!
5	I absolutely LOVED this show! We were at the concert on May 11. What a great show! Great performances, not only by Rod Stewart, but also his ensemble of talented musicians and back up singers. I loved the way that he highlights his ensemble. We were not disappointed with any part of his performance. I would recommend this concert to anyone who is a fan of his music. We were already talking about returning the next time he's at Caesar's.
5	Best show in Vegas, incredible energy and well worth the price of the ticket. The venue at Caesars Palace is a perfect place to watch, not a bad seat in the house. He sings most of his to his and the band and dancers are great. Loved that he kicks autographed soccer balls into the stands while singing.people went crazy for that. Went on a Saturday night and was packed out. Get there a bit early, great vibe.
5	Amazing show!!!!! Rod Stewart puts on a great show!! The energy in the Coliseum was  unbelievable ! Everyone was singing along. Rod was non stop. It's hard to believe he will be 70 in January!
5	Rod Stewart ~  The HitsFantastic show!  Been a fan all my life and Rod once again, did not disappoint. He covered many of his hits, and performed them well. His energy, charisma and charm, spot on. Rod engages the audience with conversation from Scotland politics, American patriotism (wonderful  tribute to our Vets) and humor in the media. He strolls through the audience but doesn't overdo it.It was clear he would have liked a little more energy back from our Sunday night  crowd, but honestly, many of us were just in awe. Stellar performer and his musicians were incredible from the violinist, harpist, bass players, horns, vocalists ~ all TOP notch performers in their own right. What an ensemble!Also, The Coliseum at Caesars, Best Venue in Las Vegas.Hope to see Rod and company perform again, simply amazing.   GO GO GO see this legendary artist !!!
4	Saw Rod, the God, the Bod on Sept 20, 2014 he did all the hits you'd want him to do it was great -- he's so good, still as good as ever. When he started The First Cut is the Deepest - I had to tear up -- so many memories, he's a party of the soundtrack of our lifetime. Thank you Rod! And tickets were cheap only like $75 although we were in upper balcony - I'd say, if you're going, spend the $100 and sit closer - would've added the tad bit of closeness we were missing :)
3	I like Rod Stewart's music.  Saw his face on a billboard in October while in Vegas, and decided it'd be nice to see a live performance. As it happened, we came back to Vegas in under a month.   Rod Stewart performs on Wednesdays only, maybe in the winter only??  Not sure why.We sat in the center rear orchestra.  When I saw Bette Midler at the Colosseum a few years ago, I sat in the same part of the Colosseum.  She seemed like a tiny ant.  With Rod Stewart, it was perfect as there's a huge projection screen dead center behind the stage. You can still see tiny Rod performing live, and also look at the screen for big Rod and his supporting crew as the camera scans across the stage intermittently.The night we saw Rod perform, he had bronchitis.   He did his best considering. Four wardrobe changes.   He closed out the show with two of his hits.I'm not sure how much more energy Rod might have had minus his bronchitis, but he gave a professional performance.Some guys have all the luck.
5	He's just so good and so entertaining. Didn't do some of my favorites like DowntownTrain, Some Guys have all the luck, infatuation and so many others but I guess he just has too many hits to fit in the time. Regardless it's a great show and worth seeing.
5	Best performance we have ever seen in LV. Great voice.Great band. Very much interactive with the audience. Fantastic!
