1	Very clean. The staff isn't very friendly or helpful though. My nail tech actually stopped to chat on her cell phone at one point which I found to be quite rude. I got a full set of pink and whites. My nails looked great when I left, but I quickly realized that my index finger nail was significantly crooked.I would not recommend this place to a friend and I will not be returning.
5	This place is now called A+ Nails & Spa (and to the best of my knowledge is under new management) and I had a great experience.  Previously I had been going to Natural Nails, but was always slightly disappointed at the quality of service rendered especially for the price (I find a $40 mani-pedi at a dinky little salon a bit steep; I'd rather go to an actual spa and pay more for an truly relaxing experience).  I decided to try out A+ Nails and was pleasantly surprised.  I arrived shortly after they opened and they took me right away.  The polish selection is good (OPI, Color Club, China Glaze, & Essie) and my pedicure included hot stones, hot towels, a choice of different scrubs, and the most lovely thing is that they didn't try to do my toes and nails at the same time (biggest pet peeve/so NOT relaxing)!  My nails look great the technician was friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable, not bad for $30.  I'll definitely be back.
4	Very relaxing pedicure with a friendly technician.  Loved the orange scrub, hot towels and especially the hot stones. Great selection of OPI & China Glaze polishes (among others).  Reasonably priced.
4	My daughter and I came here for the first time on May 21st. Our pedi's were only $25 each and it was well worth it! They spent a good hour on us, taking their time with the massage. After they were done, our feet felt so soft and our nails  were so pretty. My daughter chose 3 different colors for hers and they didn't charge us anything extra for that either. The techs were very friendly and we chatted off and on. I plan on making this a regular visit for my daughter and I!
