3	I got a deal using this company. They were punctual, on time and efficient.  Although, I was glad I got a group on type deal, they would have charged me much more than what they did.
5	Proserv Hvac tech was delightful, clean, respectful to my home, very friendly and professional! Thanks Alex A.
5	The best plumber ever!  First of all they do not charge for a service call.  Secondly, the plumber that was sent, Larry, was wonderful.  Very patient with us and all of our questions.  They will not fix things that do not need to be fixed.  Ultra honest and genuinely caring.  I will be calling ProServe for all of my plumbing needs.  Thanks!!
1	Home Warranty Rip Off !!Guy came over and wrote a report to the Home Warranty company that our Dryer was installed improperly too (same as comments below)....  ??    We had the same question as a few of you.  How is something installed improperly if it's worked fine for the past 15 years.  The guy said it's probably not working because it is "probably clogged inside"  Yes, he said "probably clogged inside"  I then asked him "aren't you going to open it up to see if it's "clogged inside" he then said "No that's not our job" and preceded to say it might even be clogged from the wall leading outside.  I then said "can you check to see if that's the problem?  His response, "No, we don't do that either.."I did call the office and they apologized and said "He was probably trying to get home early"  "We apologize sir, we'll send another technician out friday"By that time our laundry had already started backing up, so we finally just bought another set.  I called Thursday and asked "rather than sending out another technician, can you just refund me and we'll call it even?"  They said, no we'll just keep coming after you for the full payment.  I then said, well can we at least split the cost so your not out paying him for the "waste of a half hour?"  They still said no.  I then asked to speak to the owner or supervisor and they said there wasn't one available.This is when I decided to come online to see if I could find contact information and came across all these horrible reviews.  Wish my Home Warranty company would have seen these first before sending them to my house.Disappointed Family in Henderson
1	My dish washer was broken. The soap dispenser wasn't opening so the property management company sent Pro Serve out to fix it. The tech showed up on Nov 16th, looked at the washer, determined it needed a new soap dispenser, called in and ordered the dispenser while at my house, told me it would take 3-5 days to come in and if someone didn't call me in 5 days to schedule another appointment for me to call them.After 7 days no one had called me so I called them. The lady who answered the phone sounded annoyed that I was calling, she verified that the part had been ordered, told me it wasn't in yet and not to worry they would call me as soon as it came in.Over a month later still no call. I called today 12-26-13 and asked the status. I was on hold for a long time then told they would have to call me back because the tech that came to my house a month and a half ago no longer works for them and they're trying to find out if they part was ordered. I told them it was ordered, he ordered it in front of me ad their office verified that a week later when I called.  She said she would call me back.She called back and told me they found the part and that they will send a new tech out but he is going to have to re-asses the dish washer and if he finds the same issue as the last guy he will have the part with him to fix it but if he determines it to be something else he will have to order more parts. Oh and my favorite part is that they couldn't "squeeze" me in until next Tuesday. Really? They drop the ball and completely forget a customer and then when they are made aware of their neglect they don't even TRY to fix it sooner?That is just poor customer service. If I did that to one of my clients they would be my priority so that I could attempt to make it right.I have written my property manager letting them know what poor service they are paying for as well.
1	I found them on Angie's List as well after reading the review below. But obviously this must have been written by someone that works there?The ad offered to replace Water Heater with $599 Angie's List DealI purchased a coupon from Angie's List for a new Water Heater for $599.  Ended up Paying $1,200 totalI was not there at the time of the service, but my pregnant wife was. They took advantage of the situation and doubled the amount and I paid $1,200 for the install! Be careful when dealing with this company! They totally took advantage of my wife and the fact that she did not know what these types of things should cost.First, They told us that we were "out of code" on our water heater. Which sounds wrong since the house is fairly new. Ok, I am reasonable that's fine... the house is out of code then lets fix it.Then came a charge to pull the permit which apparently is un-avoidable and a ridicoulous $125. Then came the price for the parts. Look I feel like I am fairly reasonable. I understand there is a mark up for parts. When I looked at Home Depot the parts run a total of $139 (and I am on the highend of the scale) Home Depot -Water Pressure valve $89 + New Hoses $50 = $139ProServ charged me-Water Pressure valve $243 + New Hoses $280 = $523I understand there is mark up but this is crazy and insulting. I don't know how you can get away with advertising $599 on Angie's List for a water heater plus install and then double the bill at check out. From my point of view I am willing to except another $300 to the bill for extra circumstances but to receive another $600 on top of the $600 we already paid? (Very upsetting) I actually asked them if they could give me a refund and to come and remove everything and to take it back.They said no and refused to discuss the matters any further. On top of that they botched the install. The unit new unit was dented in several places, the Water pipes leaked all over the garage and there was no water pressure. We had to shut off the water and go an extra day with no water. I just feel like I was cheated and in the future I'll have to be more careful when purchasing "Angie's List Deals"
1	Dear "Shon" at ProServ - I know what I was charged - thanks! I also know that I was taken advantage of with a "Bait and Switch" program you had advertising. The whole point of my complaint was that I fell for the $599 water heater & installation advertisement that you ran. Based on your rebuttal below you obviously do know the price of the water heater and installation and you do know that it's not going to come to $599. Which is FALSE advertising!I liked to know how many people get charged $599 and how many get charged $1,200 (which is double the price) like myself. Based on your comments and what I know now...it's obviously a very very small percentage. For those of us that do not work in the water heater industries please be aware as this guy will take advantage of you!
5	ProServ was the 2nd company Old Republic Home Warranty sent me after the 1st one could not even find my condo and drove around for 30 minutes before giving up and telling me he did not need my business that bad.  Imagine not being able to find a 42 story high-rise condo on the strip in Las Vegas?  Anyway, Travis from ProServ was on time and quick to diagnose the problem of my fridge.  Just to be safe, he ended up replacing all the parts that may have contributed to the problem so I won't have the same problem again.  What a nice guy!  I will definitely use ProServ again and would highly recommend them to anybody seeking appliance repair services.
5	I was in a bad place not able to use my master bedroom bath toilet. My wife was very upset that she had to go down stairs every time to use the restroom. I also go very often being that I'm a diabetic. I called ProServ to come and fix the problem after looking up so many other choices. I assumed the name stood for Professional Service. After speaking with one of the dispatch girls someone was at my home 3 to 4 hours later, most places gave me the next day or two to respond. They worked everything out with me and my home warranty for me to get a new toilet and the replaced it as well as took the old one away. Thanks ProServ..... For once a name stood for something.
5	I own a house in Vegas. Had problems with my dishwasher and air conditioning. Called Proserv; they came, fixed everything, were very professional. They also checked my dryer and fixed it, even though the dryer was not part of the call I had made and had just broken that day. They truly saved the day!! Highly recommend Proserv!!!
5	I have used Proserv for both of my houses. They are prompt, courteous, and professional. They have repaired broken appliances, A/C units, water heater, and furnace for me. The where done right the first time on all but one repair and they came out and corrected it. The owner called me personally to make sure I was satisfied. That's rare these days. I will continue to use this company on all my plumbing, A/C and appliance repair needs. Value is what you get for the money you spend and I believe this company gives me that.dan s.
5	This company did some work for me over the summer and I was so impressed with them that I had them return for maintenance on my appliances (washer, dryer, fridge) and preventive HVAC maintenance. They were on-time and professional. They explained the process and after finishing, they explained what they had done and told me any potential problems. I will definitely use them again if needed.
