3	A bit farther from the airport  than the shuttles will travel and beyond walking distance to the Las Vegas Strip, you'll probably need a car if you're planning on staying at the  Desert Tides Hotel & Condo Resorts. You can walk to The Palms and The Rio but when it is over 100, it is not a pleasant stroll. The place is just over a year old and they have changed the name to  Desert Tides. You to know the entire name and the address or taxi drivers will give you a blank stare when you ask to be dropped off there ($25 from the airport!!)  We stayed in a roomy and clean one bedroom condo that had a little kitchen a stove, oven, microwave and refrigerator and a small supply of dishes, pots & flatware.  It even had a clothes washer and dryer.  I was quite surpised there was no coffeepot-especially in Vegas where visitors stay up late and need a boost to pull themselves out of the morning after daze.  I liked the oversize tub in the bathroom but it didn't have a stopper so we had to use the one from the kitchen.  The plasma TV was nice but with limited channels and no rented movies.  Internet access was sporadic-- so much for trying to find bargain tickets or show times while in Vegas.We signed an agreement to be responsible for any damage to the room.  When we entered the room found broken drawers in a dresser and a hole in the wall (for a TV?).  I asked the management to come check it out and make a note of it on our contract but they didn't bother to do so. The rest of the furnishings were quite nice with a king size bed,  leather pull out sofa bed and coffee table.  There wasn't any artwork on the walls.  Maybe I should be glad not to have it, but it did seem a bit bare.  There was a tiny patio with 2 chairs but  it was 113 degrees outside  so we didn't go out unless we had to.  We kept the a/c thermostat at 70 but the room temp. stayed between 76 & 80 the entire time.  It wasn't miserable, but not the cool air you'd expect in a hotel room. We chose this hotel because it was advertised as pet friendly but they wanted $75 for us to keep a 2 lb guinea pig overnight.  I found this extreme since other pet friendly hotels charge between $10-35 for a pet to stay. Reviews I read before going said there were roaches but I didn't see any and the pools looked clean a sparkly.  I think it would be a good place for a family or long term stay because you could save $$ by cooking in the room.  We  did enjoy  our stay at the Desert Tides, for the money spent it was a good value. I think, in time, they will respond to feedback and make it an even nicer place to stay.
1	My girls and I headed out to Vegas for Labor Day weekend, and stayed in the 3 bdrm/2 bath condo. While it was more than enough space for everyone, it wasn't worth the inconveniences. Upon arrival to our room, we found out that the keys/door did not work. Luckily, the gentleman that escorted us to our room knew a "trick" on how to get the door to work (1st red flag). After entering the condo, we checked out the rooms to find that 1 didn't have a TV (contrary to what was advertised) and another had missing blinds. Additionally, we noticed it was getting quite warm as began to settle in our rooms, only to find out that the air conditioning wasn't functioning properly. But again, lucky for us, the "concierge" (I use that term loosely) knew a "trick"! After calling it a night, Saturday brought about more issues. We left for the day, only to return to the condo that had not been serviced. Housekeeping did not make a stop at our place. No trash was taken out, no beds were made, and no clean towels made it to our room. Sure, we could have made special requests for these things, but why should we have to? If I'm paying to stay here, do your part; do what is promised to guests. Anyway, that evening, we attempted to use the mechanical can-opener; uh, no. The lever had been cleverly placed on the can-opener in an effort to make it seem like it worked. We went to touch it, and it fell right off! Sigh. I called down to the check-in desk FROM MY CELL PHONE (as there are NO phones in the entire condo) to request a new can-opener; 30 minutes later it still had not arrived. I made another attempt to reach the front desk only to be told that they had requested it and "someone should have been there already." In either case, the can-opener arrived about 10 minutes after the 2nd. The nightmare continued. On Sunday, we were heading out for breakfast but couldn't make it out the room, as our keys did not work AGAIN. We couldn't lock our door!! I called the front-desk and explained the situation, and requested they have someone come and lock our door. Same issue. 30 minutes later, we were still waiting. Another call was made; 10 more minutes passed. This time, I walked down to the front desk and REPEATED the issue, and asked to speak with a manger. The 2 girls at the desk never made eye contact and told me (with an attitude) that no manager was on duty...no wonder!! How do you run an establishment with no supervision? No one to implement rules, no one to make sure that "standards" are being maintained. I asked that another attempt be made to have someone come to our room. One of the girls radioed someone on the grounds. We eventually got someone to lock our doors. But before leaving the front-desk, I requested that they make sure housekeeping made it to our room this time. Once we made it out and back to the condo later that evening, we found that once again, nothing had been serviced. Grrrr. I called the front-desk (by now I had their number on speed dial) angrily and told them what the problem was; trash was full, needed more towels, and beds had not been made. The same unprofessional receptionist told me that housekeeping was gone for the day, and that " nothing was wrong with us, and that we could take out our own trash." Excuse me??!! I offered to bring the trash to front-desk or to toss it out the front door; she wasn't okay with either, so I made an executive decision and tossed right out the front! I was over it; that was the last straw. As Monday rolled around, we gladly checked-out and the nightmare was over.Upon returning home, I called the manager at Desert Tides. I left a message asking her to give me a call to discuss the issues I had. No return call. When I called again the following day, she happened to answered the main phone line. I introduced myself, told her that I had left her a message the previous day, and needed a moment to speak with her. Her response was "oh...yeah." I explained everything that went down, and she offered no apology. She said, "it's obvious you didn't have a good stay here, so what do you want me to do about it?" I was steaming! Eventually, a monetary compensation of $89 was offered, and 1/2 off the next time I'm in Vegas. Soooo, they think I would spend ANY of my money there again? I think not. And I don't recommend you do either....EVER!
4	This place was a DREAM COME TRUE.My friend and I got to stay at this place because we gave up our tickets for an overbooked airline.  The incentive was a free stay at a Las Vegas Hotel, so they brought us here.Now, if you come here to play on the Strip, then you're at a disadvantage; it's definitely not walking distance.  However, if you're on vacation with your family and you need a home away from home, this is the perfect place for you!This rooms are extremely large, extremely spacious, and have SUPERB appliances.  Fully furnished, it felt more luxurious than my own apartment at home.  The beds were soft, and I've never slept better in my life.Obviously, I only stayed here for one night, so I can't give a review for a full vacation experience, but the little time I did stay here I really enjoyed it.  I would highly recommend this to anyone with a big family with lots of kids at tow.
