3	I'm kinda torn.  Kohl's isn't bad.  In fact, my friend has gotten some awesome kid's clothes there.  I've seen some decent stuff there for adults too, but for the price it wasn't anything particularly special.  That said - they have some pretty good sales.  I almost bought my KitchenAid Mixer there during one if their sales. (Amazon had a better deal that same week.)  And sales are my friend's main time where she buys her daughter's clothes and I've seen some pretty good deals for some really cute stuff.  Maybe I've come to early or late, but I still haven't found anything for me yet.  I found a few "almost bought" gifts, but even that wasn't enough to push me over the edge.I know great deals can be had here.  And I know they have some cute stuff.  I've seen it on others.  Maybe you'll get luckier than me.
4	I used to hate Kohls, they always claimed they had deals but everything was just the same or higher priced than everything else. But then I learned how to shop. I pretty much wont go without a coupon and then if you pay attention to their early bird and night owl deals you will get even more of a discount. We have bought two huge rugs there normally priced $200 and up and we spent way under $100 on them due to the deals that they have. So, it is a place you can get some great deals on anything from clothes to home decorations, or even kitchen stuff and luggage, but you have to pay attention to the deals.
4	I love shopping at Kohl's. Very good clothing quality and excellent bargains. I don't recall ever having a bad shopping experience and I've never had a bad experience with returns. I just wish the jeans selection were more broad. Recently I bought a dress that was originally priced @ $80.00 for a fantastic sale price of $18.00. I would prefer getting my discount (Kohl's cash) at the time of purchase rather than having to go back.
5	You pay for what you get, and Kohl's will give you even more. Their clothes are not the same quality as finer department stores carry, but they always have cute things to buy in a pinch. I love their selection of athletic clothing. There really are so many different clothing options for each sport, weather, etc. so it can get very pricy to keep stocking my closet for all the activities I enjoy, but Kohl's makes it happen! Between the coupons and sales, I can actually stock up on what I need. They carry Nike as well as Fila, and their own brand, Tek Gear, which I absolutely love! I'm able to find shorts and capris with practical pockets, sports bras, tanks, and fleece when it's cold. I mostly buy yoga and running clothes. I don't buy my shoes here because they don't  carry the best, top quality brands, but that's okay, I can spring the big bucks for those elsewhere. I also find great items for my  home like memory foam mats on sale in neutral colors, kitchen utensils (Food Network stars brands), and small appliances for better prices than anywhere else I can drive to locally.I've noticed every time that the associates are very friendly, and they all seem to love their jobs.I go here at least once a month.
4	One of the best Kohl's in the valley. I drive an extra 10 minutes to go to this location rather than the one near my house. Clean, neat and friendly employees. Whatever this manager is doing, they are doing it right!
1	I came in to Kohls looking for men's dress shoes for work. While searching, I opened one box of shoes and they had clearly been worn and returned, and there was a foul odor. This wasn't foot odor, no there was dog feces still on the bottom of these shoes in the box. How did the customer service people not catch this during the return? I did eventually find a pair I wanted. I get in line for the single cashier that was working. Having been to Kohls recently I knew that they offer a discount on your purchase if you apply for credit. Well everyone decided to apply for the discount that day, and as you know filing out a credit application takes quite a while. This is really not a great system as it holds up the line anytime someone agrees to apply. So eventually after a long, long wait the manager brought in another cashier to speed things along. I had a coupon in Passbook on my iPhone for 25% off. I show the cashier the coupon and she looked very confused. She pondered it for a moment and decided that it must be a 3rd party coupon, and that they don't accept 3rd party coupons. I ask her to please try to scan it anyway as it came from Kohls.com but she decided that this new "smartphone" thing was too scary and to not even try. After asking a second time I gave up and paid the full price. All she had to do was just try to scan it or key in the number and I would have been happy, but no, she has to rudely tell me no.  Customer service is a foreign concept to these people. I will NEVER be back.
1	I was really excited when I walked into this location.  They had a much larger men's and shoe department than the location by me.  I found several items at a great price.  I was looking for a specific shirt for my husband and couldn't find an Associate anywhere.  I gave up and headed to the register with my purchases.  The cashier- a young man was working quickly but the line continued to grow.  He called for a cashier back-up twice.  A woman- Monica came up about 4 minutes later and took the next person in line.  The woman in front of me had 1 shirt she was buying with no tag.  Monica walked around and around in the men's department looking for a similar shirt.  After about 5 minutes, she returned with a compleletly different shirt and said she was using it because it was all she could find.  The price is $4.20, is that ok?  The woman said yes.  Monica then said, I'll give you 20% off since you had to wait for so long and thanked her for her patience.  I thought this is great, I've been waiting just as long so I'll get 20% as well.  I was next and Monica rang my stuff up but no discount, and no apology for the wait.  I asked about a coupon and she informed me there were no coupons.  I said, what about the 20% you just gave that woman.  She said, that was for using her Kohl's charge.  I was not happy.  I looked on my phone because I had received an email earlier with a coupon.  The store by me, has scratchers and coupons at the register if you forget yours.  Monica offered no help and was quite rude.  I paid for my items and as I was leaving found the coupon.  I turned around and asked her to take it off and she informed me I would have to go to the Customer Service desk.  I went to the back of the store, where I waited in line for about 5 minutes.  I got to the register and the woman wouldn't take off for the coupon either.  She then called the Manager who never helped me or even looked at me.  He talked directly to the Associate, who relayed the information to me as if I wasn't standing there.  They all informed me all coupons were for card holders only.  Why wasn't I offered to open a charge?  My husband has a Kohl's card, but he wasn't with me.  If I had opened an account, I could have received 30% off I found out as I was leaving.  The Manager told me I could come back tomorrow and use the new coupon coming out.  I informed him I would not be returning to this location and his cashier was rude.  He simply said, thanks have a good day.
5	This store is always clean. Staff is friendly and they even offer you coupons if you don't have your own. I love shopping the clearance especially and coupons? So awesome.
2	We went in about 8pm last night and you would have thought a hurricane went through the store. While there was tons of great products in the store, I couldn't get over what a mess the store was. Had to stay on the main isles or you'd be walking all over things. It was a real turn off and not sure if I will return.
