3	Did the waiter just asked me if I wanted ice water? Yes, yes he did! How dare he ask such a foreign question! It should be automatic if you know how the real Viets roll!The unusual warm service was smothering my nonchalant, I-just-want-to-eat-good-pho mood.  Its very uncharacteristic when you compare them to the rest of the Viet joints in the valley.  No big deal, I guess, but if you are going to impress me, do it through your food. ;-)I also didn't expect the waiter to sell me on trying the ever so popular Spring Roll that exist in every Viet menu.  I appreciate the smiley attitude and extra mile but I GOT THIS! I'm Asian afterfall! ;-)Anyways, I ended up ordering the Banh Xeo and #1 Pho Dac Biet.  + The Banh Xeo had the right texture and taste.  The pork and shrimp filling was seasoned and cooked nicely.  The veggies that came with it was pretty fresh.  The homemade fish sauce tasted perfect.+ The Pho that came with the usual tripe, beef brisket, steak, and meatball was a bit of a letdown.  The most important element in a Pho is always the broth, which in this case lacked the beefiness.To compound the blandness even further, the steak meat was too well done while the rest of the meats were mostly mediocre.   Some minor PROS went to their semi-swanky bar with a few LCDs and DirectTV subscription for watching sports and a spacious, sparkling clean decor.  The question remains, would I return? Sadly no, Pho truly does make or break my decision on every Viet establishment.  Sorry PD! Its just that those other places know how to please me! :-)
4	Wow. Tried this new spot out by the house. Very quiet, nice decor. The service was excellent. I think every staff member asked us how our food was. The shrimp spring rolls were at the peak of freshness with a nice peanut sauce. Now then. The Pho. I had the sliced beef and brisket Pho. And by all accounts it was excellent. My buddy had the Vegi and tofu Pho and he agrees, its wonderful. Stop on by and say hi to Jimmy.
4	Nice quiet spot for a Vietnamese lunch or dinner. I tried a mixed fried rice that had good flavor; a nice size portion as well. Staff was friendly.  Ordered a "Red Bean" drink, but they were out of the ingredients.
5	A new favorite! Excellent service, clean, great prices and delicious food!I had the fresh spring rolls and white meat chicken pho. The chicken was in manageable pieces (almost "pulled") and the noodle-to-broth ratio was perfect. I will definitely be back!(minimum $10 for debit/credit cards)
3	Monday afternoon and I'm at work feeling sicker than can be. It's that time of the season ya know. I was really in need of some Pho, stat!I contemplated heading to the Pho shop down the street from my work but really didn't like there egg noodles...and yes, I know it's not Pho if you don't have rice noodles, it's just Mi.I head into this place and the door was held open, incense pouring out the door and there was about 4 people in there. The lady told me to sit anywhere I wanted but the only table that was for less than 6 people was between the shrine that was burning incense and the door that was open. Not a very good place to sit if you're not feeling well.I hopped onto a seat that was on the opposite side of the room and seated about 8 people and was surprised not to get yelled at. The table was a bit dirty but...that's what ice water and napkins are for!I ordered what I always do, spring rolls and the egg noodle seafood soup, Mi. I waited a bit and finally got my spring rolls. They were actually really good, big and stuffed with a lot of shrimp and cilantro!  I love cilantro and it's rare that I find someone that puts so much into the spring rolls. Yum.I got through half of the first roll and out came my soup. There was a lot of shrimp, fish balls and so on in there and the egg noodles were the ones that I like...not the flat ones like the "other place".  I was bummed, no red vinegar on the table...I loaded up my bowl with all the veggie fixings and took a sip...WOW the soup was actually very good! I don't put any soy sauce or hoisen sauce into the soup until I give it a taste and I was very surprised. It is rare that I don't have to put much into the soup. I actually almost finished all the soup in the bowl. Very cool.I didn't like the fact that no one came to refill my water and I also had to just go up to the counter to pay my bill since the waitress seemed to be running around like a chicken with her head cut off.I wish I could give this place more stars but they just seem to be very unorganized. The soup, however, is great.  Try it out when you're in the area.
4	"Skip the Pho and try Mi Quang"Great first impression. This seems to be under new ownership and had remodeling.  There specials are Mi Quang and Bun Bo hue.  The Mi Quang (see picture) is pleasant delight mixed with large yellow rice noodles, fresh vegetables, shrimp, chicken, and hard boiled quail eggs.  The soup is savory with a hint of chili spice and when eaten together with rice chip it has a terrific compliment of taste and texture which leaves you with a smile of goodness.  Since the other Vietnamese restaurants don't make this dish, this is easily a hidden gem and probably best in Phoenix if not AZ.Facilities are clean and service is friendly.   The wait staff came over once to fill our water glasses and once to ask how was our meals. (Easily should be done since we were the only ones present).  It is easily seen that this is family owned as most Vietnamese establishments as kids are running and playing throughout the restaurant.  Not sure about ROA (ratio of authenticity) because we were the only ones there on a Sunday brunch.  Well have to be back.  Cost is a little more than you would find at Da Vang or Pho thanh.
5	We just had chicken PHO and Tofu spring rolls to try out the place.  The Pho broth was delicious, generous amounts of chicken and the usual veggies--nice and fresh. The tofu rolls with peanut sauce fresh and delicious.  We liked it so much we order additional food to take home. We ordered Lemongrass chicken. Nice taste and spiced just as I like it.   The waiter was polite and attentive.  Water glasses filled promptly.  We were looking for a pho restaurant but didn't want to go to the one we went to before which ironically was this one under another name (Tu Do).  This place will make it if all you Yelpers take heed and patronize them so they can stay in business and we will all enjoy a great vietnamese restaurant.  Has anyone had the pork sandwich here yet?  I'd like some feedback on it.  Enjoy!
3	I've been here 6 times now and I really want to love this place.  It's so close to work and the broth of the Pho is delish.  My only beef.....WHERE'S THE BEEF?  Now granted, a bowl of pho is cheap, but compared to the side of beef you get in your bowl at Pho Thanh and Da Vang, I really wish Phuong Dong would spare a little more - that would put them in the PT and DV category.**WARNING** There's a $10 minimum purchase for any credit/debit transactions.
4	Was wanting some good Vietnamese food near my work, so I found this place. The food was AWESOME. Best egg roll and spring roll I ever had in my entire life. So much flavar in the egg roll. I could actually taste the pork and shrimp, as the crispy wrapper was very thin and it wasn't all dough. Can't remember the name of my main dish, but it was #43. Fried noodles with all kinds of chicken, shrimp, fish ball, veggies, sumari, scallop and squid (octopus?) on it. This was so delicious and fresh and not greasy at all. WOW .. that's all I can say. The place was very clean and I could tell it was recently remodeled. I give it four starts instead of 5 only because their English was so poor, it was really hard to communicate about to-go boxes, paying the bill, etc. Nobody comes to leave a bill, but we finally realized that others were going up to the bar to pay. I will definitely be back here, likely again and again.
5	I love this pho place, generous potions!! So good I got the pho and the mi quang both really good. If you are looking for something different get the mi quang so good chicken and shrimp. Pretty place, clean and nice presentation of food! Will be back, lots of parking, my fav viet place in phx for sure!!
4	It was very good. Little bit of a language barrier thought. So don't think you can change your order from what's on the menu. Unless you speak Vietnamese.
1	I went there after work for dinner and I was the only customer (red flag, I should've taken a clue from the empty parking lot). After trying out several pho joints in Phoenix, this place does not rank anywhere at all, sorry! The soup was sweet and the BBQ spring rolls were small, thin, and tasteless. I can't help but compare this place to Da Vang, 3 miles down the road. That place is constantly busy, and when you see alot of Asians eat there, you know the food is good and authentic.
5	Ordered Mi Quang and spring rolls.  Both  were surprisingly good.  The dipping sauce for the rolls was quite good and unique...their own creation and not just a mix of hoisin/peanut sauce. Large, very clean restaurant even the condiment containers were squeaky clean. More of take-outs than dine in.The food presentation was nicely done compared to typical VN restaurants.The only minus thing was the beer wasn't cold so needed to drink with ice, other than that the place was a gem.
3	Was surprised to learn that there's a pho place just a few blocks from the hubby's family, so we took them there to try it out.  The place was pretty empty when we went (a Sunday afternoon).  More employees than customers by far.  Decent service, mediocre pho, great prices pretty much sums up the experience in a nutshell. Nothing to get excited about but not bad if you're in the mood for pho and are in the area.
5	Great Food in a nice looking restaurant at a price that you cannot beat! I really recommend the Beef Stew if you want a little more flavored Pho and the Spring Rolls are good too.
1	Curry chicken dish was thin and tasted like a little bit of curry in hot water. Chicken was pre-cooked and dry. Spring rolls were ok. Dipping sauce was horrible. It didn't suit the dish at all. Service was difficult as the staff doesn't speak English very well. Also waiter insulted me but I'm sure he didn't mean to (a comment about my weight). Worst part was when I smelled cigarette smoking coming from the kitchen. One guy denied it, the other guy admitted it. Bad food, I won't go there again.
5	Have eaten here numerous times. Food is always fresh, generous  portions. Can not beat the reasonable prices. Had shrimp spring rolls today and beef noodle soup. Both were delicious.Service is great and everyone is quite friendly.Restaurant is large and very clean.
3	Good food, extremely low priced. Don't get fooled by the low prices, the quality of the food is pretty good. Had shrimp roles (with rice paper) and chicken soup (with steamed rice), both were delicious. My only anguish was a lack of dessert menu. Staff were polite and the service was fast.
4	Good pho. Fast service, friendly, and clean!!Definitely would come back, but my favorite place is literally 2 more miles south, so not sure if i could fit the urge to go there instead.I definitely would like to try their other food, but the pho was solid. (good broth).
4	Great little hole in the wall place at 19th Ave & Northern. Pho is really good and the Vietnamese style roasted hen is very tasty. Nice find and we will be back!
4	I had the  Mi Quan the last time I was here.  Several Yelpers said it was good so I had to try it.  They were right, it was very good.  The beef broth was rich and flavorful.  I also have had the chicken too and loved it.   Their Pho Ga is also very good.  I liked it better than their regular Pho.   The vermicelli was also tasty.  They will make it with chicken if you ask.  I wish I could find a place that grilled the meat over a live flame though.  The prices are very good for what you get.  They recently remodeled the place and that was why it was closed briefly.  They took away the karaoke stage and made more room for tables.  They were still working on the other side of the restaurant but it was hidden from view so I don't know what was going on there yet..
4	They're closed on Wednesdays. My 2 friends and I missed the opportunity to eat here once. The inside is very quaint. The ladies room is nice and clean. Very close to my college. Food looks and taste good.
3	Not worth the drive for me.  The restaurant was well-decorated and prices were right.  The food, however, was not great. I had the mi quang which satisfied my Vietnamese cravings but something about the flavors was not spot on.  I did like the quail eggs and large shrimp in the dish.  My friend had the hu tieu, which the server suggested over bun bo hue. The broth looked dark and dirty when it should've been clear. It was very salty and lacked in meat toppings. He was still hungry after the bowl and ordered some spring rolls. Each rolled looked quite skimpy. However, the peanut sauce that comes with the order is good. Overall, disappointed with the meal and I'll still stick to Da Vang down 19th ave for now.
4	Clean restaurant (unique for Asian restaurants)!  Fast friendly service and fresh ingredients.  They have flat screen TVs and it looks like they have a set up for karaoke?  Good pho with good portion of meat and light tasty broth.  Other items are good as well!
4	Overdue writing a review for this place. I happened to have to attend several events at Washington school nearby and needed to both kill some time AND get something to eat. Yelpers turned me on to this place and as noted, I've been here several times.Place has great Pho, fresh and enough to actually feed 1-1/2 to 2 people, depending on your appetite. Or serving for 1 if you're me :)  I've tried the chicken and beef versions and have enjoyed the spring rolls. Rating is based solely on those limited menu selections.
2	Phuong Dong is not the place it used to be.   I will say all the nice things first.  1.  Super clean.  Even the tray of condiments on the table were absolutely spotless like human hands have never touched them.  I like clean.2.  Attentive Service:  Menus brought promptly and water glasses filled--with lime yet. 3.  I enjoyed the tofu rice paper rolls so much so that we brought home an extra order.  Large, fresh, crisp with a nice peanuty sauce.Here's what's no so good:1.  The fried tofu with vegetables & fried noodles did not have enough tofu.  Would paying extra gotten me extra tofu?  I would have rolled with that.  2.  The beef with vegetables and noodles only had shavings of beef and not enough of them to boot.  It was more like having a vegetarian dish-- which is not a bad thing in itself but I ordered a beef dish.... Where's the beef??? (remember that TV commercial?)  When I order a beef dish I want at least pieces of beef to sate my appetite.  Not so here.  And BTW, I wouldn't call it a tasty dish either.  3.  The chicken pho did not have a flavorful broth as in the past.  It did indeed have enough chicken and to their credit the chicken was not overcooked. But it was not an enjoyable pho.  4.  We were overcharged on one menu item because they had not updated their menu.  And is that my fault?   The price is the price on the menu even though we did pay the higher price only because this seems to be a family run place and I didn't want to shortchange them.  But, if it had been in a chain restaurant, I would have insisted on paying the price indicated in the menu.So there you have it,  too little beef, too little tofu, unflavorful dishes & pho broth, incorrect prices on the menu.  This does not warrant the 5 and 4 stars that many yelpers have given this place including myself one year ago.  But a year ago is a year ago and this is now.  When I go out to eat I want DELICIOUS food not EH food.  I am not an asian cook but a good cook I am and I have made many fantastic asian dishes on my own.  The only problem with that is that if I keep making great dishes at home, hubby will NEVER take me out to dinner!!!   I'll never see the light of day!  As it is, he prefers my food to restaurant food and that is not a good thing  (ladies, you know what i'm talking about).  We do Saturday nights out and sometimes we do one more night out.  Besides being a cheap-o, hubby adores my food but as I said before, that is not necessarily a good thing.  So as my review comes to an end (finally, right?) I can only give Phuong Dong two stars:  cleanliness, service and the tofu rolls---Nope, can't do three or I would be misleading my fellow Yelpers.
4	Larger than you might expect from its store front entry, you walk in to a family owned establishment. The new owners have updated the menu it has a large selection of soups, fish and poultry dishes. We have eaten here at least a half dozen times and find the food inexpensive and generous in portions. This is a great place to give Vietnamese cuisine a try.They lose a star in that on several occasions there have been children playing.  They also have TVs behind the bar and on some of the walls that might be distracting.What hasn't been distracting has been the food, the soups are outstanding, as well as the spring rolls and both are served with bundles of cut herbs of mint, cilantro and more. The main courses are generous. We enjoy Phuong Dong and will try to give specific reviews on dishes in the future. To update, we have had any number of the dishes, if you order the BBQ Cat Fish plan on a 20 minute plus wait that has been worth it in my experience. The Pho soups are amazing in both size and quality. The chicken is good, a bit on the hot side, and the noodle dishes are to die for yummy. We love it here.
4	Really good food.  I went in and ordered take out.  Had the pho - was tasty, fresh and what I was expecting.  Also order the #41 and #29 (the house fried rice and a beef/noodles dish).  Both were excellent.  Authentic flavors, not over powering. Very fresh.  The owners/staff were so nice and welcoming.  I will be back for sure.  Also, the interior of restaurant was really cute and clean... I would dine in there too.
5	Two dollar corona is a plus.  Conveniently located despite the construction.  Food is fresh and delicious and comes out looking great.
5	Very delicious, and excellent price. I have been to this place a few times now and have not been disappointed.  I had the Mi quant which was very good. This place is popular at lunch and the 1 server was running around and he did a great job.
5	It's out of my neighborhood and I probably only make it here a few times a year but they remember me right when I enter. Incredibly friendly and accommodating! The house special is a favorite. Boba Thai tea and some spring rolls and I'm in heaven! The construction on 19th ave can make it a task to get into the plaza but well worth it
2	I can't say the food here is great. Their pho is good though. Smoothie (with boba) is not always available. I went there a few weeks back, their blender was broken. The next time they didn't have the flavor I wanted. So I don't recommend ordering the smoothie boba. The chicken fried rice wasn't great. The chicken pieces were tough and the rice was a little hard to chew. It was almost like they just got it out of the fridge and heated it up in the microwave. Or maybe they let it sit in the frying pan for too long. But when it comes to food presentation, they do a nice job at it. But I've had better.
5	Place kills it!Great service and awesome pho Fasho...Good boba selection. The little homie who works the floor is coo as heck. The coolest thing about this place is that is clean clean..
4	This place is as good as the others around the valley, same price, same taste, but not busy! Very nice inside also
4	This was my 2nd time here, but this is my first review. The pho as always is delicious and the spring rolls with peanut sauce was a meal within itself.
5	Great pho, great guys. The egg rolls are excellent, too. The chicken pho, which my wife prefers, is very lean and all white meat. They make their own unique chili paste (the purple one) and its the perfect balance of spicy and sweet. When i need to get it to go, they package everything together, even the pastes. Ive tried Da Vang and some others, but Duong remains second to none. Highly recommend!!!!
4	The light rail extension work doesn't seem to keep people away from this restaurant tucked in the middle of a strip mall alongside the construction area ... and for good reason. The place is clean and spacious, parking is not a problem, the staff is efficient, and the food is very nicely seasoned and well-presented. Lots of good choices in the menu, typical of most Vietnamese restaurants, but definitely try the mi quang - a hearty, savory noodle soup with shrimp,  pork, and quail eggs.
5	This is the only place in town with a spicy, plum sauce as a garnishment for pho. It truly makes the pho dynamite! They make it from scratch, and it has singlehandedly ruined every other bowl of pho I've had since from other places. Also, the chicken is always all white meat and very lean. The service is excellent. The place recently closed for awhile due to a fire next door, and I've been devastated without them open. Can't wait to go there again, now that they're once again open for business!!! Having tried several other phos in town from other places, I can say with certainty that Pho Duong is the best!
5	Oh boy, what a pleasant surprise! The food is amazingly delicious fairly inexpensive! Would recommend it. The fresh spring rolls Are double the size other restaurant serves for $3.25 others charge $4 and up. The Pho is so delicious I want to take the pot home. I don't mind paying for good food but at this place the prices really surprised me.
5	This place has never let me down. Prices are good food is excellent and the service is outstanding.  When in doubt get some dong in you.
