4	I haven't tried that many Italian restaurants in Charlotte yet, but this one is the best so far.  Low lighting creates a classic, relaxing atmosphere that is also suitable for families (meals can be served family style if you like).  The classic dishes are fantastic, but I haven't had great luck with the more original dishes (pork with grapes, while it sounded good on the menu, was not so tasty after all).  My food did come out burned once, but the waiter responded so apologetically and the turn around on a new dish was so fast that it didn't matter.  The manager came by shortly after as well and I think my meal was free  - customer service here is key.  It reminded me that a mistake in the kitchen won't ruin your meal if the people who work there care enough to fix it (looking at you Cabo Fish Taco!)
4	I haven't eaten here that many times, but I got take out last weekend and it was awesome.  I got the chicken in lemon sauce with grilled artichokes which came with creamy polenta and a veggie (it happened to be cauliflower on that day)- not only was the food fantastic, but it was enough for me to eat two fulls meals.  I also got the side salad which came with a really great homade sundried tomato dressing (also the salad was under $3 which you don't find anywhere these days).  My boyfriend had the penne with meat sauce which he liked, but his portion was noticably smaller than mine- I think the meat entrees are prob a better deal.  The entire meal came with half a dozen garlic rolls, on the house.  Oh, beware that if you go on the weekends this place is packed- I could barely get to the bar to get my to go order.
5	I used to work here about 10 years ago and it was and is the best Italian restaurant in Charlotte. It's not just that the food is unbeatable (I mean, who can have just one of those garlic knots?), but the owner and management are great. We always had such a great time working (it's easy when the food is good, you feel good about making recommendations). We also almost always bought some food before the kitchen closed and took it home! Now, when I come home to Charlotte I always try to get my parents to go there with me! Try going for lunch when the ginormous portions are a little smaller.
4	When you think of a nice Italian restaurant, you don't think it would come in a strip mall, but Mama Ricotta's bucks the trend. Not only does the atmosphere & decor give the impression of a nicer Italian place, the food is pretty good.While you may be thinking that this is a dinner only place, this is actually a really popular lunch place. There is usually a line during lunch, but it moves pretty quickly, especially if the outside seating is open. While the food can be a tad on the pricey side, I have yet to have a meal I haven't been happy with. They have plenty of selections for all Italian lovers so don't expect just the obvious options. I'd suggest this place as more of a dinner place, mainly because of the prices along with the portion sizes. If you lunch it here, it may be a long afternoon at work trying to stay awake. And with their wine selection, making this a date destination isn't a bad idea either.
4	I love Italian food, and I love Mama Ricotta's, so that should tell you something.Mama's (as my friend's call it) is kind of unassuming, placed as it is in a strip mall-type of place.The restaurant itself isn't very large, which can make for some crowded times during dinner and, somewhat surprisingly, lunch.The food is outstanding however. The pasta is homemade, and the garlic knots are a must. I am a big fan of the angel hair and the lasagna.Some dishes may be a bit pricey, but at least you are getting quality for your money. If you are an Italian fan and a bit tired of the chain restaurants such as Olive Garden and Carabba's, you should take a chance and check out Mama's.
4	Mama Ricotta's has some of the most authentic Italian food in Charlotte. There aren't a lot of little hole-in-the-wall Italian places like Mama Ricotta's around these parts, so it was a wonderful day for me when I found this spot.The goat cheese and marscapone dip should probably be illegal, as it's obscene and addictive and insanely delicious. The ravioli alla Fiorintina is one of my favorites from the pasta menu, as well as the penne alla vodka (hold the pancetta for me). I've never had bad food at Mama's, and I can be kind of a snot about Italian food. I studied abroad in Florence just to be able to be an Italian food snob and to pronounce things elegantly off Italian menus...I'm still paying for the privilege every month!It can get a little crowded, but if you've got the time, it's well-worth the wait.
4	Mama Ricotta's is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte and one of the best Italian restaurants in the QC. Their food is delicious and I've always had positive experiences there. Try not to fill up on the bread, even though it's really tempting. I'm a devoted fan of their lasagna, though all the pasta is good. Their pizzas are good and a cheaper route to take for dinner at Mama Ricotta's. I always leave feeling full but with plenty of leftovers to eat the next day for lunch.It's a great spot for group gatherings too. My office had its Christmas party here last year.
4	I can't say much about Mama Ricotta's location, because it's in a little strip mall type area, and I hate those. Moving right along....Mama Ricotta's is great, some of the better Italian food in Charlotte, as far as I'm concerned. It's a really popular place (if you can't get a table, try the Ethiopian place in the same complex--great food, never packed, yummmmy), so try to make reservations or show up either earlier or later in the night. Once you're at your table, though, everything's all right. Great beers and wines available, so you're always able to get well-lubricated over the course of a loud, heaping Italian meal. And the meals are ALWAYS huge. Their pastas are great--that's what most people order, as far as I can tell--as are their typical Italian restaurant salads and appetizers. You can get everything served Family Style if you like, which makes for portions that you won't believe. Great value, especially if you don't mind taking home large amounts of food to nibble on for the rest of the weekend. I love their Chicken (forget what it's called, but it's grilled with lemon), and I got like three breasts of it last time I was there, which is  nuts. If you love Italian, and love eating lots and lots, check it out.
4	I've been here a handful of times and really love it.  Definitely try the goat cheese & marscapone (sp?) appetizer - so delicious - I could eat the whole thing by myself.  I've only ever had the penna alla vodka, which is usually top notch.  However, the past couple times I've had it, the sauce seems to have a somewhat glue-like consistency.  Still tasty, but that bothered me.  I've always had great service there and really can't complain.  A fun, great place to go to eat. Very laid back, so if you're interested in a stuffy/trendy restaurant, this won't be it. Definitely solid.
5	YES!!!!  Mama catered my wedding and it was perfect.  If you want to die and go to heaven, order the penne ala vodka or the pollo CarcCiofFi.  It can get crowded, but if you want a fun meal - sit at the pizza oven and watch the pizza maker do her (or his) stuff!  Can't say enough good things, my mouth is watering already.  Great for any special occasion or just a night out.
4	This is a very comfortable place and has great food.  They don't do anything that pushes the culinary envelope but what they do they do very well.  A friend took me here when I was relatively new to Charlotte because of my love of Nutella.  Mama's serves Nutella Pie - which is amazing.  If you want an easy and comfortable atmosphere and some great food then you have to head to Mama's
4	We decided on Italian for the evening since my brother is a vegetarian and no one else was interested in dining at the Penguin Drive-Thru or Price's Chicken Coop.The atmosphere is very relaxing and comfortable. I am a fan of dim lighting, it's very calming and soothing. We are immediately greeted by our server who wasted no time with the drink and food specials of the evening.I opted on the alcohol because I was still feeling nauseous from the 6 hour flight. We decided on sharing a large pepperoni and sausage pizza with a family style portion  of their Rigatoni with this sausage meat sauce. Service was great, the refills and warm herb bread with a spicy chili oil kept coming. I was stuffed but satisfied. Not bad for my first Italian meal in North Carolina.
5	Delicious!! I heard so many good things about this restaurant and finally tried it! Now it is one of my favorites in Charlotte. Their pork ribs are outstanding and I now crave the goat cheese and mascarpone appetizer. The portions were huge. My boyfriend and I splitt the pork ribs and we were both stuffed. Everything I've tried at Mama Ricotta's has been fabulous!
4	Mama Ricotta's has a big downside - notably it's in a strip mall right on King's Drive.  That makes it easy to access, but it also means that you are likely to dismiss the place as having no atmosphere.  You would do yourself a disservice by doing so (it is worth noting that Villa Antonio has a similar problem on South Boulevard).Assuming you step inside - rather than dining on the patio - then you make a transition into a great little Italian haven, and you won't regret your decision.  I'm not sure about the patio.  Perhaps once the construction in the area is done and you can see the Little Sugar Creek greenway (assuming that is possible), then it will be okay.  For now, the view is pretty bad.  For now, sit inside.The service of the staff is great.  We have never found ourselves wanting of anything.  The second the glass is missing an inch or so, they are right there to ask if we would like more (or just refill it).  The bread is plentiful.  The food is delivered promptly.  Even the wait to sit down has never been a problem - but we usually arrive early.  I would suggest reservations if you like to eat later.When it comes to the food, prepare to eat heartily, because you'll get plenty of it, and it will be full of lots of stuff you probably shouldn't eat.  So if you're on a diet, you might want to think twice.  Otherwise, dig in.
4	Italian is my favorite kind of food, so it's no surprise that I would frequent this place when I was back home. The pasta, bread and chicken are so delicious. My only gripe was that the restaurant got crowded from time to time, but that's to be expected when you're talking about a fine restaurant such as this one.
5	No surprise but this is the best place in town for Italian food. Really love their lamb chops and lasagne is out of this world. I keep seeing everyone having pizza's but I'm still working through the rest of menu first.The staff is awesome and this is a destination place for Italian food when your in Charlotte. BTW: In the autumn and winter they do the best bread pudding. In fact I had to stop in there the other night just to pick up and order. Beware 1 order of bread pudding is more than enough for two people.
4	I recently went to Mama Ricotta's with a friend and a family member.  We ordered the full size chopped salad, a pizza, and a calzone.  Everything we ordered was terrific.  The chopped salad was full of vegetables and the dressing (the house vinaigrette) was fantastic.  The pizza was one of the best - perhaps the best - I have had in Charlotte.  I haven't found a Charlotte pizza place that I love (being from Chicago I am a total pizza snob), but I thoroughly enjoyed the Joe's special at Mama Ricotta's.  The bread and olive oil that they place on the table at the start of the meal are also really tasty...The service was great.  Our server was attentive, and she was wonderful about getting us samples of a couple of types of wine.  It helped us to select a bottle that we ended up really enjoying.  If I had a complaint, then it would only be about the cost of the wine.  The wine list is pricey, and that stood in sharp contrast to the prices of the entrees and appetizers - which I found to be very reasonable.  All in all, this is a great find.  I would definitely recommend Mama Ricotta's if you are in the mood for good Italian food at reasonable prices.
4	I have been enjoying Mama Ricotta's for many years and went again last night.  Friends that were joining us were late, so I enjoyed a glass of wine and their delicious garlic rolls while we waited.  Never a bad way to start dinner.  Several of us had the garlic potato soup to start and it was terrific.  On Sunday nights apparently they offer rotating specials culled from one of their favorite Italian restaurants as a tribute.  Neat idea.  I had the Pork Saltimbocca special and really enjoyed it.
3	Came here for New Year's Eve dinner with 12 guests.  We were immediately seated (had prior reservations), and were surprised that they had a special menu.  I had been under the assumption they had a normal menu in addition to their special menu, but that was not the case.  Nevertheless, we all had a great time.  I had a chicken dish with polenta, which wasn't anything special, but it wasn't bad.  I would, however, steer clear of their pizza dish of the night, which was truffle oil, pancetta, wild mushrooms and fingerling potatoes.  I think it might have something to do with seeing it reconstituted by a friend later that evening.  Good service, and good, if not memorable, food.
4	I am a big fan of Mama Ricotta's. The location does it ZERO justice (strip mall). But the interior is great and I actually love the outdoor seating - considering the Kings Dr. location.They have really good pizza. Perfect for take out. I adore the angel hair pasta with added chicken. The rigatoni with meat sauce is also delicious. I normally choose one of those two. Though I have tried some others like the Pasta Fra Diavolo which was good.The boyfriend loves the calzones. Which is totally random - but whatever, it lets me get to go to Mama's!I went once for Brunch and had the richest stuffed panini french toast ever. Ohhh was it good!! Worth a visit for sure!
4	Ive had good and bad experiences here- Ive been three times: Overall I would go back ive decided Decent prices and decent (not wonderful) Italian food. The first time I ordered the vodka riggies- which came recommended...While they were ok I make much better at home so I wasn't impressed. My family didnt care for their lunches either 2nd time- I was sick so I ordered soup and salad- I dont think its fair to judge on this- my boyfriend raved about his meal (he has a special pasta with lobster sauce) 3rd - I finally found something I really enjoyed here ! I had the Pollo Carciofi ...delicious! I did substitute the polenta but the chicken was fabulous ...I will definitely come back!I also had the red sangria which I enjoyed more than Maggianos Service has always been great- try to call ahead if you can
2	First time I went we had a large party of 10, of which 3 were stuck in traffic.  We told them this and they seated us anyway.  We called them knowing they were a few miuntes or better away.  We ordered drinks and food for them.  About 5 minutes later the hostess who sat us came back and started trying to talk us into squeezing into a table for 6.  I told her they were down the street and we had just ordered for them so there was no reason to switch.  She said there was another large party that was all here .... Just then the rest of our group showed up.  If they had not I would have left.  The server and the food that night were great and almost made me forget about the hostess.  Then we came again with some friends raving about the food.  Must have been a new chef.  The service was still great but EVERYTHING was really salted. The pizza, the calamari, the pasta. 3 of us ordered a home made pasta with portabello mushrooms, it was so salty we could not eat it. The waitress tried so hard, she apologized and even offered us a free tira misu for desert. Sorry to say cause the servers are great, but Mama's is off our list.
2	Let me be clear: the 2nd star is based solely on the efforts of the staff to turn around our abysmal food experience. Based on food alone it would be a single star, however the staff really tried to make it up to us.My husband and I ate here this evening. First off we were accosted by a quasi-speed metal song that was completely inappropriate to the setting. We were seated promptly without a reservation and the waiter quickly took our order.The server brought some cold, salty garlic rolls. Not an encouraging start to the meal but we plowed ahead -- my husband ordered chicken parmesan and I ordered butternut squash ravioli. The chicken was breaded in what looked to be almost a cracker or corn flake crust rather than breadcrumbs, making it heavy. The plate was just a big pile of spaghetti topped with this chicken wedge glued with red sauce. Not attractive, adequately tasty.My ravioli was barely cooked. Some parts weren't cooked at all, making an unappetizing paste-y glob. The server was quick to notice something amiss and  quickly replaced the plate with another entree, the eggplant parmesan. Way too salty and an unholy mess of cheese and overcooked spaghetti.The side of spinach was also much too salty and I finally threw in the towel, completely defeated by this awful meal. Maybe it was an off night but the people around us didn't seem to be having the same issues with their meals. If this is the best Italian food that Charlotte has to offer, than I am forewarned. The manager came over and asked if there was anything he could do, offered to comp us a dessert and generally tried to make things right. It was unfortunate that the meal was unsalveageable.
4	Mama's is participating in Restaurant Week with a four-course meal for $30.00.  I took a peek at the menu and thought I'd give it a whirl.I made reservations (which were probably not necessary) through Open Table for early Sunday evening.  I was seated immediately and my server came out to take my drink order.  There were three options for the first course, two for the second, four for the third and three dessert options for the final course.  I made my selections and the waiter left to put in my order.He returned quickly with what appeared to be some soft yeast garlic rolls with some olive oil for dipping.  Soon the bruschetta, my first course, arrived.  It was the tastiest bruschetta I've ever had.  Heaps of diced tomatoes and basil protecting two pieces of toasted Italian bread, drizzled with olive oil.  They set the bar high up front.  Unfortunately, the next course didn't meet the same status.  I had chosen the penne a la vodka pasta which was rather mild in taste.  The one saving grace was the pieces of pancetta scattered throughout the dish.  The third dish helped bring us back closer to our starting point.  The veal milanese was very simple with a veal cutlet pounded out, lightly breaded and fried, topped with arugula, cherry tomatoes and Parmesan cheese.  The cutlet was huge and left me enough for dinner the following night.  I ended my meal with the nutella pie, a delightful combination of nutella, marscapone, and peanut butter in a graham cracker crust.  Fantastic.The food was very good and the service was excellent.  The location was a little difficult to find, but it's worth the reward.
3	Usually a great dinner experience... lunch today was a bit of a mess with my roasted veggie sandwich sitting around getting cold and soggy before it was served. However the manager asked how our food was and seemed genuinely interested, so I told him and he took the sandwich off of the bill, despite my protesting that we were fine with paying for it. I know he would have put in another order, but we were done and needing to depart... Anyway, since he made the effort to make things right, we go with 3 stars and will return soon to see if we can bump that up to four or five next time!
4	Mama Ricotta's is like a nice warm blankie in the winter: comforting, familiar and shareable. I've stopped by Mama Ricotta's many a time and, frankly, it's always been at least a good if not great meal. The service has always been friendly (especially in the bar for some reason) and even when things haven't gone perfectly, they have always offered to make it right. Big points here. Since I've been here so many times, here is a rundown of a few of my personal favorites:Goat cheese & marscapone dip: Exactly the nom-ness you would expect. Warm creamy dip topped with tasty tomato sauce and served with grilled crostini.Pasta Primavera: Pretty basic, but a light and colorful veggie angel hair dish. I've only ordered this with the EVOO sauce but I'm always adding extra spice to give it a kick.  Butternut squash ravioli: There is a fancier name to this in house, but you'll see what I mean. Delicious, tender butternut squash raviolis with an orange creame sauce, bits of proscuitto, walnuts and sage. It's ass  on a plate and it's amazing.It's been a while since I've had dessert here, so I really can't comment on that. However, I have been here for brunch and it was asi asi...but really, Mama, you'll know I'll be coming back. Solid resto, solid food and solid service.
4	I am new to the area and so I looked up some restaurants in a Charlotte guide book.  Saw the review on Mama Ricotta's and had to give it a try.  To start, we had the tomato and mozzarella appetizer.  WOW!  Simple dish but absolutely amazing.  Not sure what made it taste so fantastic but it might have been the olive oil that it was sitting in.  Then, my mom and I split the family style dish "Pollo Bianco".  Again, this meal was very good.  5 chicken breasts smothered in a delicious sauce and mushrooms.  We got the garlic mashed potatoes as a side.  Yum!  I, also, ordered Mama's Mojito which is a bit pricey but delicious, nonetheless.  I would definitely go back.  And since they serve family style, I think this place would be great for big groups.  The family portions are reasonably priced.
4	Old south Charlotte standby ... this is just a great option when you want something comfortable ... but not TOO comfortable (meaning you will eat well here).  Short of fine dining, Mama's is right there with Ilios Noche (now that is SOUTH Charlotte) for our favorite pasta options in town.The management staff changed over within the last year or so, and the new crew seems to have even stepped it up a notch.  This place seems to be humming along at least as well as ever before.
3	Good enough.I have been many, many times and never had the same waiter -- it seems to have high turnover. Thus, you always have a 'new' waiter, and it shows.I drink a lot of soda or sweet tea, and I often run dry. I resort to sending signals (ignored) like putting my glass on the edge of the table and making puppy-dog faces. Sadly my cute face is wasted here.The food is good. I always spoil my meal with the bread and pepper-olive oil starter they bring.  As a vegetarian there are few, few options. In fact, I have only ever had 1 dish every time I have visited.For a place that is trying to be 'nice' it would be better to update the menu periodically, and make some dishes vegetarian or at least allow them to be adapted.The atmosphere is sorta stuffy, but I suppose typical Charlotte. People are dressier here than you would expect for lunch, but likely due to bankers coming on lunchtime and nearby Ladies Who Lunch from Myers Park.
2	What is it with this place? It's like a weird mutant baby of Ruby Tuesday and the Cheesecake Factory born in 1994 - I swear they even have the same mix of fun n' funky jams you've heard in your favorite RT's playing in the background. They most definitely have the same feel - messy food paintings full of edgy, contrasty colors, that damn jewel tone color scheme that immediately calls to mind fancy Mall, opulent textures bandied about, willy-nilly. I've given Mama's three chances to transcend the bad decor choices with delicious foods, and she's failed me, every time.Dinners - universally too salty, and if salts-everything-before-tasting-it me is saying that, well. This preserved, pickled thing is inescapable - if it isn't a preserved roasted pepper overwhelming your salad, it's a pickled artichoke or so many Kalamatas (yay Greece) smothering your pizza that any chance of digging on the housemade mozz is gone. Even Bruschetta tastes like it's been doused with anti-aging liquids and sat at the bottom of a very deep fridge for who knows how long.In true Olive Garden style, salads are overdressed before making it to your table, so it's all a wilty, mixed up mess. That ain't how they do it in Italia, kids! That's how they do it in Bottomless Breadstickville.Service is probably where they've spent the most energy and it shows - people are quick, smiley, knowledgeable. But try three was brunch this weekend, and the Benedict was so Stouffer's (accompanied by the blandest breakfast taters I've ever not eaten, and seriously, what cheese was that under my two asparagus spears, Muenster? Srsly?!) that, like I said, I give up. Che cosa una delusione.
5	I have been meaning to eat here for a while, based on friends and other Yelpers. Boy am I glad I finally did. Took an out of town friend here for lunch Saturday. Sat outside as it was a beautiful day. Early on in the lunch of waiter, "Derrick", accidentally knocked a glass of water on my friends lap. Us being pretty laid back, no big deal. Well Derrick took it very seriously apologizing multiple times, gave us a free goat cheese app, which was as good as it was unexpected. And then proceeded to tell us a story about how he dumped a glass of wine on a guys head early on in his waiting experience. He turned a potential disaster lunch, into one of the best I have had.Now onto the food, all around incredible!! Goat cheese app, fantastic. I got braised beef veg, soup, it was excellent. Had the pasta of the day which was grouper and salmon over spaghetti in a diablo sauce. Also very good. "Mamas pasta" with pesto went over very well with my friend. I can't wait to get back and try the "New Haven" style pizza, as I grew up in New Haven, and am VERY picky about my pizza!!
3	I have to preface with the fact that I'm not a huge fan of Italian food.I was unimpressed with the customer service: the server was apparently not typically on the floor as she was the bartender. My first question is "Why?" She got our order incorrect (which actually ended up being a good thing) but was a bit slow.  I usually like all salads but I did NOT like the chopped salad. For some reason, the acidity was too high and some of the flavors did not bode well together.  My friends raved about the Nutella pie: it was good but it was much more like a Cheesecake Factory cheesecake slice than a pie: huge and don't order more than one per table--too much. For dinner, we ordered the Pollo Bianco and since we both wanted it, we decided for family style. The family style doesn't come with side dishes so you have to order those separately--so we did. But then they brought the single serving and still brought the sides--and the single serving is served on top of mashed potatoes: one of the sides we ordered. Enter double sides of mashed potatoes. I will say the sauce of the chicken was good, but the mashed potatoes were the same as anywhere else. I guess it's just another standard chain restaurant. Too bad. It could have been so much more.
4	I agree with Nicole about the bar staff friendliness.  They are alway so happy to see you!I stopped by Mama's for dinner last night and ordered some of the goat cheese dip and the spiedini di carne salad.  Great choice.  I was intending to go for a light dinner when I came in but ended up stuffed.  The goat cheese was the primary culprit.  Very savory.  The salad was solid as well.  The steak was delicious and enjoyed the many flavors the rest of the salad contained - full of grapes, tomatoes, olives, cheese.Very satisfying!
5	This isn't about a dining experience with Mama's, but rather a review on their catering department "Plate Perfect Catering" out of the Mama's Kitchen.....I hosted an event where I work (hush hush on that topic), and for the first time, used Mama's for the catering. I have been working here for 2 1/2 years, always cater events and this was, by far, the best catering I have ever received!!!Okay, so the staff was very friendly, professional and timely (# 1), the display looked great and we had zero issues with quantity....those are things I expect out of most catering companies......the biggest thing you worry about is the quality and freshness of catered food. You usually think: cold, over-heated, dry....and your usual statement is "it was good, FOR catering"NOT the case this time, it wasn't just good for catering, it was extremely fresh, delicious and good, for consumption. The menu: stuffed mushrooms, bacon wrapped scallops, passed shrimp cocktail ( in mini martini glasses, cooked, chilled, snapped to perfection), two types of pastas with a pasta station (nice and hot to order), prime rib carving station (perfectly pink inside),  bbq pork sliders, fresh vegetable display, gourmet cheese platter,spin/art dip, chopped salad and fresh fruit.......It was ahhh mazing and my client thanked me over and over again and raved about the food (yesssss)Not to mention, the cost is very reasonable, even with a private chef on site. If you ever need catering for an event, I highly recommend Plate Perfect Catering!
5	If you are looking for great Italian in Charlotte that is NOT a chain like Carabba's or Olive Garden, you have found it at Mama Ricotta's! How could you not love it with Ricotta in the actual name! I first went on a date with a boyfriend and really enjoyed it. But it wasn't until, when I eventually tried the Goat Cheese and Marscapone dip months later, was it necessary that I return weekly to satisfy my craving. If you are a big fan of cheese or pizza (who isn't?) then you will LOVE this. It's like creamy little salty, sweet heaven on a crustini. Dang, now I'm hungry... Moving on now... the service is always impeccable and the people are very friendly. I always spot the same two men observing and attending to the guests in the dining room. I could never figure out if these men are the managers or the actual owners, but I like that they are always visible. I have frequented Mama Ricotta's on busy weekend nights but seem to never have to wait for a table. The prices are reasonable. I suspect you could dine there for 2 at about $50 to $70. I highly recommend Mama Ricotta's if you live in the uptown or Dilworth area for awesome Italian but I also highly suggest fitting in lots of cardio the following day. ;)
5	Wonderful. Affordable and delicious. Generous portions.
2	This place makes me cringe! I've dined here with large groups of friends when we needed to have a big table and they all wanted to be bursting full of cheap food and that is really the only excuse to go to this place. One reviewer mentioned the 90's music and the goofy food art on the walls. I could not agree more that this is so funny. Whoa and talk about noisy. This place is deafening inside on a Friday or Saturday night, worse than a cafeteria. I think that everyone with a City-Pass crams in there in search of the best two-for-one deal on a massive mound of macaroni slathered in dreadful red sauce and salty cheese. I actually ordered a salad as my main the last time that I dined there because I know how universally disappointing the pasta dishes were and they actually screwed up a salad. I am not sure what on earth it was supposed to be, but they called it a chopped salad and it had a little M next to it in the menu as if it were a specialty of the house. I asked for grilled chicken on top and received a dried out piece of leather sitting above a mess of lettuce, beans, nuts, cheese and peppers. Just plain salty and awful. Everything was either from a can or a jar. I do agree with others who have said that the service is very fast and friendly. They kept the beer and wine flowing at our table at every visit. I think that is why so many of my friends just shovel this stuff down. Ah well,  Arrivederci (no more) Mama Ricotta
5	Oh man, oh man!  Flavor galore, great portions and great service.  Very popular so come early for lunch.  Make reservations for dinner.Their sauces are all originally created, not from a can or Costco. It is noisy and full of bustle, so if you are looking for a quiet place to propose or deal with business, go elsewhere. And although it is crowded, you never get elbowed. And if your "group" is more than 6 people, consider elsewhere.  Come to Mama's to eat.Soft, yeasty rolls with a plate of spicy olive oil are dreamy.  Kids menu is excellent and inexpensive.  I gladly break from my low carb diet to do their lasagna, vodka penne and sausage rotini.Why would you order a salad at an Italian place?Have not had a bad meal or experience and will regularly go back.
4	Oh my, oh my... the delish goodness!  Went there for my final meal of 2010 and what a culinary treat!  The restaurant was quite busy on New Year's Eve; however, hostess and wait staff was accommodating and attentive.  A special holiday menu was provided, and I dined on Agnello Farcito - leg of lamb stuffed with Romano cheese and fresh parsley, gently braised in rich tomato sauce with olive oil mashed potatoes and braised black kale.  The lamb was very tender, sliced from the bone, rolled, and stuffed... what's not to like with that presentation?  I substituted Fontina risotto for the olive oil mashed potatoes... perfectly cooked, creamy, and just-enough cheesy.  And, I also opted for the asparagus over the braised black kale... wise choice on my part!  Portion was decent and filling enough that I took one of the lamb rolls home in order to save room for dessert!  And, while I had heard tall mouthwatering tales of their bread pudding, I ordered the Oreo Pie instead since it was only available that night for the special menu, and since plans of a return visit during 2011 were already dancing in my head!  Please believe this decadence was some kind of wonderful!!! The pastry chef should make it into heaven based on this creation alone... thick Oreo cookie crumb layer topped with cheesecake layer, chocolate ganache, sponge cake layer, more ganache, and caramel.  Oh baby, it was saying, "Come to mama," with each layer of scrumptious decadence, and I went willingly with full abandon!!!  Absolutely a great dining experience!   I will be back soon to partake of the regular menu, that's not-so-regular, and won't think of leaving without having the bread pudding next time!
4	I went here with a visiting cousin in early December. He had gotten a recommendation from another business traveller, so we gave it a shot. The meal was very good. The service was OK. The bread and oil were good, but the waiter was very puzzled by the request my cousin made to add grated cheese to the oil. The beer choices could have been better, but that is a perennial concern I have at most restaurants in Charlotte. Portions were reasonable, sauces good. It was a happy surprise to find out that the owning family was from the same area of NYS as we were, and we had a nice little exchange about "home". Desserts were killer. I was completely oblivious to the decor or muzak....but I was pretty much engulfed in a catching-up conversation with my cousin!I plan on driving into town again to eat here...but since I live an hour out, it's not feasible for me to commute in *just* to eat very often. This is a place I would take guests to.
3	I always want to like Mama Ricotta's more than I actually do, if that makes sense. Everyone I know loves it, and sure, it's acceptable and reasonably priced, they can handle larger parties with a little advance notice, and the service is always fast and friendly. I just wish the food were more memorable, I think. Standard fare, really, and executed without major flaws (though on some nights, yes, it can be a wee bit saltier than you might wish), but nothing to write home about. Sometimes, I'll get this "let's go to Mama Ricotta's!" urge. Every time I do, I wonder "now, why did I want that so badly?" I'm never really able to answer. I guess there's something comforting about mediocrity.
4	Consistently great Italian food.  My personal favorites are the chopped salad, the lemon, broccoli, chicken penne (without the chicken), and the nutella pie (bigger than you can imagine and delicious).  The marscapone appetizer is also great, but I find I usually don't have room.  Can be very crowded, so I tend to go off times.  Parking is not usually an issue.  The wait staff have been consistently helpful and attentive.
2	Let me start off by saying I love GOOD Italian food, thus the reason it's been several years since my last visit here. I was asked to give them another try by 2 fellow foodies, mainly because they made the signature bread pudding sound so good and there was a $20 certificate for $5 on juice in the city.....that is the only reason I returned after all this time. I'm not sure how this place has been here as long as they have, I mean let's be honest.....the food is sub par. Again, I am a lover of Italian food and if your signature rigatoni with meat sauce can't even compete with stouffer's.....that's a problem. I mean the noodles were hard and chewy, the sauce was salty and the bread was tasteless....this is a basic Italian dish which I would think could never be screwed up........geez! The penne alla vodka was also full of salt with hard and chewy noodles......glad I only paid $5 bucks! The bread pudding, which is not on the menu, gave me something to smile about after a bad meal.......It was covered in caramel sauce I think and served with ice cream.......very good...........to bad they're not a dessert bar.
2	Went during charlottes restaurant week, it was just OK. The marinera sauce was bland...their pizza is great tho :)
3	Mama Ricotta's sets out to be good old fashioned Italian home cooking, an admirable and delicious goal no doubt.  The problem is that they don't really set them selves apart from what your average Italian girl (or guy) ::raises hand:: can actually make in their home.The pasta special, a tilapia, shrimp and scallop spaghetti dish with a slightly spicy sauce, was the exception to this rule. It had a delicious sea flavor and I regret not having ordered it as my dinner. My penne vodka sounded enticing, promising pepper vodka and including pancetta, but the sauce ended up being unsensational.  Looking at the rest of the menu, I saw a lot of familiar characters: lasagna, angel hair with red sauce, and chicken romano to name a few, but few options that jumped out and screamed that I needed to try it.I love Italian food at least as much as the next girl but if I am going to go out for it I want to be impressed and while Mama Ricotta's provided a good meal it didn't shine.
2	Let me start by saying, I wanted to love this place. I've heard nothing but praise from locals. Tonight was my second visit, and I can firmly say, "I am not in love."My first meal at MR was lunch with coworkers. I ordered a calzone. The crust was bland and the filling seemed sparse. I was underwhelmed but my coworkers raved about their dishes. I figured I should just order something else next time. C'est la vie.  Tonight, a friend and I headed over to MR for dinner. I started off with bruschetta that tasted freshly made but had an overpowering acidic/vinegar flavor. The bread was already soggy like it had been sitting for a bit. My friend had calamari that she didn't care for at all.We both ordered slow cooked brisket (I think the waitress said about 7 hours.) with grilled veggies and mashed potatoes. The entree was good, and the portion was huge...more than enough for two people. Leftovers are in my future. Of everything I've had at MR, this was the best. Still, I wasn't blown away by it. It was just good, not great.On each visit the wait staff has been very friendly and attentive. Our waitress from tonight (wish I could remember her name) was super friendly and helpful. She did a great job.My friend and I weren't complaining about the food but our waitress asked so we told her what we though of it. And the manager came out to tell my friend the calamari would be removed from her bill, and offered her a free dessert, which was a very responsible and nice gesture. I was mildly annoyed because I don't think she even acknowledged my presence. At this point it didn't even matter. I don't see a return in my future. I don't eat a lot of Italian food but next time I'm in the mood, I'm on to the next one.
3	Looking for a good lunch stop? Try Mama Ricotta's. It's in a convenient location just south of Uptown or just outside the Dilworth area...perfect for a quick business lunch. I think other people have the same idea because there were a lot of business-dressed patrons filling every seat.If you plan on talking to secure that business deal, sit outside (as long as the weather is accommodating). It's rather loud and difficult to hear your party indoors and I found myself smiling and nodding across the way without really knowing what my colleague was saying half the time (shhh, don't tell).The food was good...not spectacular. The salmon that comes on the salad is of large proportion. The sandwiches actually looked the best out of all the dishes at our table! I had the capellini pomodoro with the tomato basil sauce...okay. The rolls were rolls...not french bread, but were good. I'll give it another try because other Yelpers have had such a good experience here...and perhaps I'll order one of their sandwiches.
5	I am really not that easily impressed but Mama Ricotta's is outstanding in just about every way. They make it so easy to love them.1. It's in a good location. The actual restaurant is cozy but not cramped. The outdoor patio is also nice and sealed in. 2. The service (especially this one server) I don't know his name but he is the really muscley bald one...Yeah he's my favorite. Everytime my boyfriend and I go there we pray we get him b/c he is delightfully friendly and accomodating. He practically jumps to fill up your water, get you the best dish, seat you in the best lighting, whatever it is that you want he'll get it for you. We really love him. 3. The food above all is one of the best Italian places in Charlotte. I love their penne a la vodka, calamari, and fish. The nutella pie is a slice of death it's so good!!! It is also alarmingly large...I say eat some there and take it home for later!
4	Trying to find a decent Italian place with parking for uptown meetings is sometimes tough, but you need look no further than Mama Ricotta's. An excellent location for good locale Italian food that has fantastic service and parking. Make sure to check it out!
3	Itttt's Restaurant Week - Hooray!  So, Italian it is!  Atmosphere is very casual (so much so you can bring some rugrats and they'll fit in.)  Service was very attentive (maybe our gal tried a little too hard),   The food was rich & plentiful (had salads, penne ala vodka, ravioli, & tiramisu,) but nothing stood out.  The flavors were nice, but the dishes unexciting.  And alas, the tiramisu did not have nearly enough alcohol in it (if it had any at all!)  Can I get a second that this is the best part?!  Anywho, I would come here again, but only for lunch.  I would rather spend my entree money elsewhere!
3	I really want to give this 3 1/2 stars but halves are not allowed. The food was solid ok atmosphere but nothing I would HAVE to go back to. Pretty good wine list and about 5 super tuscans which is cool.
3	Fantastic Italian food!!  I have been going here for years and after a recent visit I realized I never reviewed it!  My favorite app here is the goat cheese and bread.  They drizzle the sauce around the plate so you get a hearty mix of the cheese and sauce mixture for your bread - YUM.  I have liked every pasta dish I have ordered here - and the pizza is made in their wood-fired oven.  Recently I got the pasta with vodka sauce - it is so much food!  Very delicious but heavy, you can easily split this with your dinner partner.  The outdoor patio is so breezy and cozy you will love to linger over your wine.  The fireplace is a great touch and creates perfect setting for a romantic date.
4	The Food at Mama Ricotta's is very good!  The Pasta Entrees  are fresh and they have a wide variety of Dishes!!!!!!
3	I'm always surprised how good the food at Mama Ricotta's is.  I've been there twice, and both times I went in thinking "ugh, this will probably be like a local Olive Garden."  Twice I was pleasantly surprised.Likes:  The last time we went to Mama Ricotta's, I ordered canneloni al forno (stuffed with grilled chicken, spinach, and ricotta) and my boyfriend ordered pasta primavera.  Both were delicious.  Dislikes:  Slightly pricey for Italian.  Can be a wait for a table on the weekend.Take it or leave it:  Take it.  Good food and we always have a great time.  3.5 stars.
5	The food here was great...went to another restaurant the day before where I paid 3 times as much, and the food was no were as good as mama ricotta's. I will be back ,and very soon!
3	I'm in NC for business, and asked around for a good italian place - This was told to me as "the best Italian in charlotte"We took a walk over there and noticed this nice place at the corner of a strip mall. Lots of well dressed people inside, so it must be a decent place right?Wait staff was good and attentive, and quick.Everything was just OK. Bread and olive oil/vinagerette dip were OK, Goat cheese and bread appetizer, just ok. I had the veal milanese, with arugula and onions, and a  side of asparagus (4 dollars for like 7 little baby 'gus's). Only ok. They had a special on beers "All Italian beers on sale"-what italian beers do you have?Peroni. Thats it. Hardly a special.Not bad, but wouldnt visit again. All the dishes were typical with no risks, and no reward.
5	YUM YUM YUM!  That is all I can say!  Can't wait to go back!
4	Best, most authentic Italian ever?  Well, perhaps not.  Dang good, dang unhealthy Americanized Italian?  Yes, indeed.Ok, people... if you're going to a place named "Mama Ricotta's," you shouldn't be expecting it to be terribly authentic.  But it is much better than Olive Garden.  The food is horrible for you, but delicious.  On our first visit, I had the tortellini special, which really impressed me.  The little pastas were perfectly cheesy, and the meat sauce was amazing.  It actually had little chunks of steak in it instead of ground beef.  My mouth is watering as I write this review, honestly.The only part of the experience that was less than ideal was the goat cheese appetizer.  It came highly recommended, and it was tasty, but it lacked tanginess.  I probably wouldn't have been as let down if my expectations had not been so high.Mama Ricotta's is comfort.  Good ol' Americanized comfort.  Mmm.
2	On Friday night the office I work for had our Christmas Party at Mama Ricotta's. It was a great time, it has a great atmosphere but the food was sub par. I think we ordered every appetizer on the menu.Calamari - It was ok, I am not much of a fan it did seem a bit on the rubbery side. Bruschetta - Was very soggy with the tomatoes, not sure if that was the point but soggy bread is not very appetizing. Tomatoes with mozzarella - The tomatoes were great but the mozzarella slices were SO thick it was ridiculous, nearly double the size of the tomatoes. Goat Cheese - This was without a doubt my favorite of anything all night. Very rich and smooth. I ended up ordering the special of the evening: Chicken and spinach ravioli with white truffle oil. It was good but nothing to rave about. I have had way better Italian in Charlotte so its hard for me to recommend Ricotta's.Oh and I dont know if it was me but the floor seemed super slippery!
4	Most of the Italians I have known have mothers and grandmothers that are very likely to tell you, "You're so skinny! You need to eat!  Sit down and let me cook you something."  That kind of woman, who can cook me something anytime she wants, must be behind Mama Ricotta's.It's very warm and inviting inside, with bright reds and oranges and fun paintings, while still being dim and intimate.  The great wood stove and friendly staff that greets you certainly sets the stage for the evening.  We started with the goat cheese appetizer which was creamy and decadent, though didn't scream "goat cheese" to me.  It was very good, nonetheless.  For my main entree, I got one of the great meat sauce pasta dishes which is everything you expect great Italian food to be.  I was also impressed with the wine list (which comes to you as more of a book than a list) and the many small-production Italian wines that it contains.Though a little tough to find, given it's strip mall locale, Mama Ricotta's is a must-try!
4	Scrumptious. Got a personal pizza with gorgonzola, chicken sausage, and red onions. Red sangria was good too.
5	our favorite restaurant in Charlotte for a sit down experienceThe only way you could complain is if you go there expecting authentic ItalianI argue this is better.Goat cheese mascapone is to die forVodka penne is amazing Portion sizes will make you take home a box. Split a meal and can be very economicalI could spend a few pages glorifying this place.I bet the negative reviews are from people that ordered a dish they would not like at any restaurant, or from people that go during restaurant week when they are slammed
3	First night time visit to Mama's..wow this place is a goldmine..packed with people, pretty high noise level, but they were very accomodating when we added 2 extra people to our reservation.  The BREAD, yes it was incredible warm and soft and seasoned..not Italian bread but a lovely soft dinner roll -- very addicting. Our waitress was very nice, fairly fast and concerned about our order. We started out with Calamari...not the right choice ..it was Mrs. Pauls...thick heavy breaded with all the same size rings?? Our friends had the Bruschetta --it looked very good. Our Drinks came and they were not made correctly but the waitress cheerfully took them back to the bar and brought out another version, still not right -- and irritating when we got the check and it was 8.20 for the drink and 2.50 for the bar brand liquor in it. That means we paid 8.20 for club soda and a cherry..hmmmmI ordered the Spaghetti all Gricia..it was thin spaghetti and caramelized onions, applewood smoked bacon, and pecorino cheese. Very interesting..not Italian but really good ..but I would rename it Bacon Lo Mein...My Husband ordered the Lasagna, he said it was good but the meat was stringy?? Our friends had the Pollo Romano, which was basically a Chicken Parm, it was a great size portion, and seemed like our friend enjoyed it. Her partner had the Cotoletta ala bolognese, it was a fried chicken cutlet topped with Parmesan cheese and proscuitto, It was also a nice size portion but it was swimming in grease, like the cheese had melted and they used to much oil to fry it..they did replate it for my friend but she could still not eat it and they very nicely took it off the bill. The desert....was the VERY best thing on the menu--NUTELLA PIE..It was a combo of Nutella, peanut butter, marscapone cheese with a graham cracker crust...heavenly, I would have eaten more but I had filled up on the bread!All in all..its a okay dinner place...not authentic Italian at all..Large family style portions, but not my AMORE...Loved our company..not so much the meal..Sorry Mama....
5	So fine...so good...every time with everything.I broke my habit by not ordering the wonderlishous lasagne and opted for the vodka penne.  Superb.  Wife had a special:  tubes with a short rib ragu which was extraordinary and very rich.  Yes, we were stuffed so left with two cartons that WE WILL CONSUME FOR BREAKFAST tomorrow.   Haaaa, haaaa, ha.Ben gave us a sense of humor with his excellent service, so typical of Mama's.If you haven't been, go.  And go early for any meal as it is popular and gets pretty busy fast.Yumalishous to the max.
4	Food was really good and they have a great wine selection.  I will say we got there at 6:45 and the place was already packed full and the bar too.  Had to stand around for a bit.  Just my husband and I so we have some wine, waited for our table and had a really good time just of the two of us.  Great for date night, little crazy with a group of people.
4	Made a reservation for 7:30 via OT, which is something I've become addicted to lately. Upon our arrival we were given a coaster/beeper and went to the bar. Our table was ready in less than 10 minutes.We were sat at the table just outside the kitchen, which is a pretty ideal place to be. Not only could I read the specials (and prices) on the whiteboard in the kitchen, but our server was always around in case we needed to flag her down.The mascarpone goat cheese appetizer was... "meh". I encouraged my husband to order it after reading all the rave reviews here. Here's the thing, I hate the "mustiness" of goat cheese. I figured that perhaps the mascarpone cut that flavor, and that everyone was raving over it because it tasted better than I remembered goat cheese tasting. It really didn't. I wasn't thrilled.My husband got the penne with tomato vodka sauce and some turkey meatballs. I got "Joe's" pizza. Both were very good, and even better the next day as leftovers. Frankly, I was sincerely hoping for a butternut squash pasta special but sadly, that was not to be. Probably only comes up in the fall...We'll be back. This place is every carb-loader's dream. (Heard the table behind me ordering pasta in preparation for the next day's Corporate Cup half marathon, and we went there for my husband to carb load before his long ride... So if you need carbs, go here!)
5	I have not had the pleasure of eating at Mama Ricotta's in a long long time until the night before a half marathon came and we were looking through options of where to "carb load" before the race.We made reservations as our group of 7 was fairly large, they accommodated us and even called about 3 times to make sure we were still coming.  With a small dining space I guess they need to ensure their bookings so that they don't end up holding a table when they can really seat customers waiting for a table.Fresh rolls with olive oil and red pepper flakes were a nice surprise... usually it's just the generic bread with oil and balsamic.  I found it to be a nice twist to an old favorite.The restaurant itself has an old neighborhood-familiarity to it and everyone working makes you feel welcome and happy that you are there sharing a meal with them.Its Italian, I don't know about authentic, but the portions are ginormous and the favors are comforting.I'd say the only crazy thing about the place is the wait since it's so popular, but there are ways around it, reservations... eating an "early" dinner.  I'd say the earlier the better since it will give you more time to burn off all the yummy calories consumed.
4	I have some mixed feelings about Mama Ricotta's, but ultimately I leave the restaurant pretty happy and satisfied every time.My biggest complaint is that they took the Butternut Squash Ravioli off the menu... WHY??!?! I truly loved this dish!!  The raviolis themselves were plump and yummy, the squash was rich and creamy, and balanced out with walnuts. Who knows why, no one ever wants to give me a straight answer. Apparently a lot of people still request the dish, so occasionally they will stock the ingredients just to randomly prepare it... but still, I would eat here all the time if they kept this!Instead I've ordered the Penna Alla Vodka (minus the pancetta) and the Ravioli Alla Fiorentina. These are both pretty good and would definitely recommend them, but they're just not the same!!!I HIGHLY RECOMMEND The Warm Goat Cheese and Marscapone Dip! This stuff is off the chain amazing! My mouth is watering just thinking about it! I like the dark, cozy feel of the restaurant with drum shade lighting. Thumbs up to the high ratio of booth seating. Worst thing about the decor here are the ridiculous pasta paintings. Good God, the color schemes on these things are hideous. Someone needs to remove those, ASAP.Service here has been mixed, 85% of the time waiters have been quick, polite, and right on. But I have had an occasional dud.The prices here are a little high, expect to spend over $12 a person minimum. The good news is they have coupons in the Charlotte Citipass book! Buy One, Get One baby! Expect a wait on the weekends (10-20 minutes at least). Parking is limited for the volume of weekend customers, so expect a hike.
5	I was visiting my sister 2 weeks ago and we met up with family... fantastic!  The smell of garlic wafts through the air and it's the first fragrance to hit your nostrils when you walk in the door.  Even though I'm gluten-free, there was plenty to choose from, most notably the chicken with roma tomatoes and grilled asparagus!  YUMMO!!!
4	Took the girls here for Mother's Day and sat on the patio, which is even more attractive with the new greenway. Unfortunately it rained so we could not take a walk after the meal. We had a reservation and were seated within 7 minutes. Excellent waitress, good food. A local favorite.
3	For the first time ever I ate at mama ricotta's tonight with my family, I went because my cousin told me it was good.  We ate family style and it was pretty good, I wasn't a fan of the caesar salad because the dressing taste like a tangy mayo.  Other than that it was pretty tasty food.  The service was excellent, our waitress was really nice and very promp.  We were in and out really fast, the longest wait we had was to be seated and that was about 10 minutes or so.
5	Love,  Love, Love this place. It is officially my go to when I layover in Charlotte! Since it is nearly always busy, I find myself a seat at the bar and order a nice big glass of wine. Beth has waited in me twice and I thinks she may be one of the nicest people that I have ever met! She knows the menu inside and out and has recommended some outstanding dishes. The first dish she suggested was not on the menu as it was the chef's special. It was a pasta with a braised beef that, I kid you not, was so tender and delicious that I very nearly wept! On my second visit she Nrecommended a chicken dish that reminded me if those Sunday dinners with grandma. You know, when the food is so good and comforting that you just can't push yourself away from the table! Honestly, this is some of the best italian food that I have ever eaten! It compares with some of the meals that I have had in Boston's North End. I almost forgot to mention the Nutella Pie...Oh Dear God ! It is heavenly!
4	Here on June 14, 2012.Had amazing food here. Chicken breast dishes give enough food to bring home another meal.  Tasty food with traditional italian seasoning. Suace homemade and delicious. Easy to park. Has outdoor seating, too.
4	Great restaurant.   We all ordered something very different from the menu and all 3 of us loved our meal.   The family style salads are awesome and save room for the Vermont Maple Cheesecake!   LOVE!!
2	Y'ALL CLEARLY HAVE NEVER EATEN OUTSIDE OF CHARLOTTE. Mama ricotta's is a 1/2 step above olive garden, now ive never eaten at an oliver garden but thats what i imagine. its pretty standard mediocre italian food that emphasizes alot of heavy cream to create flavorful dishes, which is just so not italian. Not that there is anything wrong with mediocre italian food, it fills you up, but 4 stars is crazy. Both times ive had the penne alla vodka, once again its pretty mediocre. Fried calamari was fried calamari, it did not kill me, but i laughed when they served it with hellmans chipotle mayo as the side (hello cocktail sauce? maybe a tomato sauce?). I will say its rather inexpensive so compared to a luce or vivace i can see this being a fan fav.
5	Queen's Feast Friday night.  As usual delicious food. And a knowledgeable and personable server, Daniel.  Have been going here for many years and always enjoy the experience. Food is fresh and Italian (not wanna-be) I know that because I am too.
4	Synopsis:  Better than average food and service, but you are going to pay for it.Mama Ricotta's (or as I call her, Mama) is literally one of the first places I ever ate in Charlotte.  Unlike a lot of places in Charlotte, they got better over the last 15 years, not worse.The best way for me to describe their changes over the years has to be: intelligent.Their growth was intelligent because they kept the items which were successful, and rotated in new favorites while changing with the times.  A lot has changed over the past 15 years regarding what people in America are looking for in food, they've been able to stay relevant while not losing their credibility and identity.As for value, it is in line with other quasi-casual Italian restaurants around Charlotte, which (IMHO) are all generally over priced, there are some more fairly priced options but you do have to look for them a bit more.All in all you should not be upset with your experience at Mama's.
4	We had our baby shower here, so I have nostalgic feelings. I had the pizza, which was pretty damn good. My wife got the shrimp salad, and the shrimp was probably thawed frozen. We emailed the manager, and HE WAS SO HELPFUL and apologetic. That won me over forever. Places like this need to stay in business. I will go back for that reason.Would otherwise give it 3.5 *'s.
3	The food here is great, the service is friendly but good gracious is it LOUD.  Perhaps I'm used to the old Mama Ricotta's that was much more subdued and intimate, but the noise level in here made holding a dinner conversation very difficult.  That said, the garlic knots are sinfully delicious, the tomato with mozzarella is stellar and the wine list is expansive enough.  We get the penne with chicken and broccoli every time (YUM) and like the standard angel hair pasta as well.  Very excited to come back and try their gluten-free menu next time I'm in town.
4	Wow. Looks can be deceiving. I avoided this place (even though I heard it was good) b/c of the name and location.Lucky for me, I was bored on a Monday and felt daring. Very nice interior, extremely friendly/hospitable service, and very good food. I really liked the goat cheese app. and I will be going back here again.
4	Bookmarked for six months, I was finally in this part of town and in the mood for Italian food. It was an excellent choice and I have to double recommend the warm goat cheese and mascarpone dip to start. Excellent, excellent, excellent!I had the ricotta with meat sauce as my main. The pasta was cooked perfectly and the sauce was excellent. I asked for the added scoop of ricotta cheese but it really wasn't necessary with the freshly grated cheese on top. Lots of pasta, it went home in a box and was a full lunch meal the next day.My wife chose the pork chop special, which was served with sliced apple in a delicious sweet gravy. Absolutely excellent and again, more than enough to take home.Service was excellent and the food was excellent. I'm sure we'll be back!
5	Mama Ricotta's is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. Here's why. I like the atmosphere and I love the food. I like Italian and MR has some if the best Italian food in the city. The staff is good as well. My favorite dish is the chicken meatloaf served at lunch? It's a must try? Promise you'll like it.
5	Wonderful dinner Friday night....per usual.  We have been enjoying Momma''s food since 2004. Special salad of arugula and beets was a nice change from the usual. Also the fish special and the ravioli florentine were delicious!. Daniel was our server (again) and makes dinner even more of a pleasure.  He is  both knowledgeable and  personable.Love what you've done with the interior re-design. A definite dining pleasure.
5	Wow this place is pretty good, doesn't look so pleasant from the outside but once you go inside it looks and feels pretty nice inside. The goat cheese bread appetizer is highly advisable to get and its an outstanding choice. For dinner I had the lasagna, it's made with their hand made sausage and its loaded with cheese. If you're looking for a diamond in the rough kinda place to eat, this is your choice.
5	Mama Ricotta's is my ideal Italian restaurant. From the layout of the interior, to the style of service, to the quality of the food- this place has it all. If overall fitness and money weren't an issue, you would probably find me eating here 6 out of the 7 nights a week. Love Italian!!!The food is absolutely great. Each table receives free bread appetizers and are served with a very tasty EVOO. Ask for a little balsamic on the side and you can literally make a meal out of this in itself! Additional appetizers and salads, such as the Fried Calamari & the Sicilian Roasted Pepper Salad, are also very, very good. For an entree, I had myself a basic vodka blush sauce over angel hair dish that was absolutely phenomenal. The menu is pretty broad and you won't have a hard time finding something you like if your a picky eater. It is somewhat on the pricey side, but rarely will you be dissapointed with the meal in comparison to the cost.Despite the location (nestled in a small shopping center), the overall layout is perfect for Italian atmosphere. The interior is dolled-up in a very elegant, but not over elegant way. The noise is adequate and seating can be a little tight at certain times, i.e. a Saturday night. The exterior & outdoor seating are decorated with lattice and vine, has good lighting, and is great weather permitting.They have a full bar (inside) to accomodate your choice of drink, and offer different specials per day of the week. Overall, this is my new favorite in Charlotte for dine-in Italian. A must!
3	Let me start out by saying: I love Mama Ricotta's food. I've had several great experiences both in the restaurant and with their catering. That being said, last night's performance -aside from the scrumptious food- was not acceptable.I went with a group of ~15 people to Mama Ricotta's for a Christmas function. I was one of the people that voted to have the event at the restaurant because I've had such great experiences in the past. I know a larger party requires patience on both ends and that mistakes are inevitable, but we had quite a few... our drink orders were mixed up repeatedly. One person ordered a salad with romaine lettuce and it came out with iceburg. The servers kept placing the wrong meals with the wrong individuals, which I know is hard not to do with a big group -but it added to our frustration. We did all get our food, but none of the dishes came out at the same time, so several people's food was cold by the time the final entree came out. The real fun started with the checks. Given the issues we had getting the right entree/drink to the right person, we knew the bills were going to be a nightmare -and they were. It took nearly 45 minutes to get our bills straightened out. By the time I actually received my bill (which was about 10 minutes after everyone else had paid and was leaving the restaurant) it was incorrect. I notified the server that my glass of Pinot Grigio was not on the ticket, he asked if that was a red wine. I know you only have to be 18 to serve alcohol, but it's important for servers to know which wines are white and which are red for customer service purposes. The server tried again with the ticket, which I had to go to the hostess stand to get, and it still did not have a glass of wine on it. Because I needed to leave I spoke to the manager, who was very nice and told me just to pay for my entree... but he kind of made me feel like I was making a stink to get my wine comped -which was not the case.Will I try Mama Ricotta's again? Yes, but never again will I go back with a large group & I'll make sure not to order wine next time.
4	Yummm Mama Ricotta's! One of my best friends worked here during my first years of college so logically (with the food discounts and everything), we would come here for lunch or dinner a lot. If I could fall in love with a restaurant, it'd be true love between  me and Mama Ricotta's. Apparently a lot of others feel the same way so maybe Mama's is cheating on me. Oh well. I'll tolerate it this time- I'm still in that infatuated stage and I don't think it's ending any time soon. I always have a ton of options here and everything is always absolutely perfect. I usually hate eating pasta with only tomato sauce and no grated cheese, but I was forced to try their angel hair pasta with tomato basil sauce WITHOUT parmesan cheese and it was perfect. I was truly amazed. Who knew tomato sauce could be so good that you don't need or even WANT cheese?! And the tiramisu? In the past, I've personally described it as the equivalent of a tiramisu-flavored cloud. Perfect texture, perfect combination of flavors and perfect density. Best tiramisu 've ever had by far.However, with that said, I am bummed about two things. First off, their Mama's Pasta is NOT on the  menu anymore. Apparently they can still make it, but it's by special request only. Also, the tiramisu has been lacking in cloud-like quality the last two times I've gone in to eat. It could be that I'm just getting the last slice of it or maybe they just changed their recipe. Either way, I've been slightly disappointed. Hopefully it'll be back to the same thing next time I go. *fingers crossed*
4	i enjoy the food from Mama's it is my go to place for a good meal and wonderful service.
3	Finally was afforded the chance to try this place out.  I've heard many great things and can't say that they were wrong at all.Started out with garlic knot bread that was delicious and warm and melted like butter.  I followed that up with a seafood dish that had Prince Edward island oysters and shrimp.  So good!  The setting here is romantic and makes for a great date spot.  Our waiter was great, his table side manner was perfect for a relaxing and unwinding type dinner.  He did a great job selecting a wine that both me and my date really enjoyed.
5	Seriously, Mama Ricotta's "had me" when they brought the bread to the table. I am in love with it. Soft, warm and it looks like they brush it w/ a little butter and herbs/garlic. Do I sound obsessed? Hope not...Anyway, a few dishes I have tried include:Penne Alla VodkaLasagnaBoth these pasta dishes are pretty good. I love them both but every once in a blue moon they can be a little off (dry, salty, etc)Carrot Cake Cheesecake (for dessert I usually share and pick a bite or two and am over it, that's just me though. For my few bites, I liked it. It could have been a little more room temp, felt like it was pre sliced and taken out the fridge to our table but overall it was good. I liked the combo and it was huge--a must share dish. Love their sweet tea too!Oh and the last time I went I had the BEST server. His name sounded like Lavender but I know it wasn't Lavender. He was friendly, patient and attentive--to the point that he was already filling my glass of sweet tea as soon as I finished my last sip.
4	Great lunch recently at Mama Ricotta's.  This is a place I dined years ago when I lived in Charlotte and was thrilled to see things were as terrific as ever!   I look forward to having dinner there when I am back in Charlotte!
5	Had the pasta special last night at Mama's and it was unreal.  Pure breast meat chicken bolognese in a tomato sauce with perfectly cooked rigatoni. Chef Drew hits another home run.
2	I'll give that their food is really good....but, diners beware....my husband and I ordered a Chicken Caesar Salad and Chicken Pasta with Broccoli - when you order salad, and pasta, you expect to have cheese with it, right?  We didn't want the cheese on the salad, and pasta, so we asked for it on the side - and we got exactly that.....then, we get the bill, and my husband noticed that they charged us 50cents each for the salad, and pasta cheese that we asked for on the side.......really? We immediately called the manager, and he said that it is the restaurant policy to charge for cheese - I said that is ridiculous because salad, and pasta SHOULD come with cheese, and the fact that we wanted it on the side instead of on the food should not be an issue, and we shouldn't be charged (I know it's only a total of $1.00 extra for both cheese, but that is not the point.....the point is for what they charge for food, it SHOULD come with cheese).With this said, they do have good food, and I just wish they were not trying to gouge their customers for every penny.  We'll have to think about going back to this establishment.
2	This place didn't have the authentic taste I was looking for. The atmosphere is nice but the food quality was lacking.
4	What a nice treat! The bread, to start, was fresh and seasoned with Italian herbs, and served with olive oil & red pepper flakes, yummy! The shrimp and crab risotto was delicious, creamy & buttery, a true risotto. We also ordered the Pollo Alla Griglia, a seasoned grilled chicken, served with mashed potatoes & the vegetable of the day, which I substituted for the grilled asparagus, delish! The service was great and the wine selection perfect! An enjoyable evening in the patio, and somewhere we will return!
5	Rock Solid in. Solid out. Eat more veggies. True story:My kid liked it so much she kept eating and ended up stuffing herself and barfing it all up at the table. After we cleaned her up she wanted to eat more.
5	Shortly after moving to Charlotte, I fell in love with Mama Ricotta's.  I blame it on the goat cheese and mascarpone dip, which was my first bite of food on my very first visit to Mama's.Mama's is the type of place where families feel equally comfortable as couples on hot dates.  The dining room is cozy with large family-sized booths plus intimate tables for two, vintage family photos, and a large wood-fired pizza oven.My recommendations:  goat cheese and mascarpone dip, mama's salad, chopped salad, housemade burrata, any of the pastas, pollo bianco, bread pudding.. and so much more.. I posted a full review on the blog, but these are the highlights.
5	I've eaten there twice now, and really enjoyed it both times. This IS exceptional because I'm not a big fan of Italian cuisine! We ordered our food "family style" both times. Lots of food and lots of fun that way. We had the Chicken Parm, the Chicken Carciofi, and the Cheese Ravioli. All were outstanding, especially having been preceded with the Tuscan Salad and "Mama's Salad". Fanatastico!Great food and great service. I'll go back again if I'm in downtown Charlotte in the future.
1	Food was terrible service was ok. We were told it would be a 30-45 minute wait and it turned into an hour and a half wait. Totally not worth it.
4	Awesome meal - flavorful food, large portions, not overly expensive.  The Marscapone dip was outstanding and the bread pudding dessert was one if the best I've had!  Go and enjoy the gluttony!
3	My experience here was good. Host or owner was very nice at the front, helped me with anything needed. I ordered the ravioli in a vodka sauce. The sauce was thick buying felt like they used a meat sauce and could have been creamier. They bring bread but it just looks like seasoned frozen bad, not bad, just not something for a good Italian restaurant.  I would probably try somewhere else next time or order something different. It is not a bad restaurant at all just I have had better
5	Great food! And they probably have one of the bet lasagna a in Charlotte!
2	Maybe we came on an off night? We used to really like their lasagna and pizza. The visit before this one, they changed brands of Gorgonzola and  the pizza was too pungent to finish.  This visit we noticed the menu is getting lighter and lighter and not for the better. Even the rolls were almost stale. Glad we did not get the bread pudding for that probably would have been off too. I will say our server was great and very attentive.  Guess I will stick to a salad, appetizers and bread pudding.
5	I had a wonderful dinner at Mama Ricotta's this past Friday night.  I went there to celebrate a friend's birthday, and our server Danny assisted in making it a wonderful evening! We had a reservation (which I'd recommend for a Friday), and we waited no time at all despite the crowd. The bread was great, our tomato, fresh mozzarella and basil appetizer was wonderful, and our two entrees (we had a mama's salad with grilled chicken and the pasta dinner special) were delicious!  We ended the meal with the apple crisp which was warm and served with a cinnamon gelato.  Everything was delicious.Our server, as I mentioned before, made the evening great as well!  He was very attentive to our needs and engaged in conversation without being too talkative.Definitely going back!!
5	best pizza in charlotte!!!! my favorite date night.
4	Found this place on yelp while on vacation in charlotte.  We wanted Italian since we had satisfied our palates on other foods throughout our trip.  Don't be fooled with the strip shop location, this is a nice little place very close to downtown charlotte.I had the chicken parm-- way to much for me to finish.  Which was a shame since I was not going to travel with my leftovers.  Wife got the oxtail ragu dish, she was not a big fan of.  Fatty beef, etc.  our two small kids are just fine with buttered spaghetti noodles and parm cheese.Wait staff was very good.  Highly recommend this place if you're looking for some nice Italian.  Family friendly, but you can also do a date night here just as easy.
5	Our waiter Peggy was very polite and we enjoyed our food.  I really liked the warm bread.
5	I went here last night for the first time and I am a huge fan.  The bread and oil they bring out is delicious.  I got the lasagna for my dinner and it was SO SO good.  It was a normal sized portion which is nice - usually restaurants bring out crazy big dishes of lasagna and it's gross.  This might be my favorite lasagna I had at a restaurant - the sauce, cheeses and everything was perfect.  They have a really good menu - lots of options and lots of price ranges which is nice, too.The service was excellent and there is a lot of seating which is good since they probably get super busy on weekends.
4	Mama mia!  Mama Ricotta's has been around for a while-vacillating between standard and pretty good Italian food.  I have to say, the past couple of times I have been eaten at Mama Ricotta's, it has been really great! They have stepped things up a notch or two, that's for sure.The service is fast, friendly and consistent. The rolls they bring out have not changed. SO HARD to eat just one.  Impossible for some...They have changed up the menu-adding some modern, lighter options but have kept their golden standards. My favorite is the chopped salad with romaine, gorgonzola, garbanzo beans and walnuts. The walnuts are chopped so finely, you can barely detect them. But they add this subtle nutty crunch that is outstanding. Calamari is great and the warm mascarpone dip is...drool worthy.My husband always gets the penne a la vodka with chicken---every. single. time. The bites I snag are always excellent!I also discovered a new favorite wine from their menu--Dreaming Tree Crush.  This red is delicious and subtly sweet.  Very easy to drink (maybe a little too easy).  It's actually a Dave Matthews collaboration!! If you haven't been to Mama Ricotta's in a while, you're in for a pleasant treat!!
2	I've been going here since 2000 but never have fallen in love with it like everyone else. Maybe I'm weird. Maybe I've got a very sensitive palette. Maybe I'm just not average, but I find Mama Ricotta's well below average and very very very salty.  I'm not someone who shies away from salt- I always have it on my eggs, etc.  But it seems like recently, everything at Mama's is over seasoned.  A lot of the dishes like the Pasta Primavera is very unremarkable so generally I like the chicken carciofi the best, but perhaps because of the capers it is so salty I can never finish it. I went there for a business lunch (basically the only reason I'll go) and had a roasted beet salad. I thought I was in the clear with a salad, but no- it was so salty too! A salad?? And not a nicoise salad?? It was very strange and it was very overdressed. Perhaps next time I'm forced to go, maybe I should try a sandwich? The other complaint i have about this place is the service. One time recently the server was really inattentive. The second time, the server was really bitchy (and it was a guy). I've never understood how someone who relies on tips is smug and rude. Anyway that paired with the mediocre food means I'm never going to intentionally go here. I'd opt for Fiamma, Luciano's or Hawthorne's Pizza before here any day.
5	One of our favorite Italian restaurants. We love the penne ala vodka with chicken and shrimp and the bruschetta is the best I have ever had. Their tomatoes are so fresh. We also love their garlic rolls that are complimentary. It's hard to stop eating them...lol. Prices are reasonable considering the portion sizes. Two people can eat off one entree.
3	service was great, food was good for the price.
5	My husband and I tried this place a few weeks ago and absolutely loved it! The warm goat cheese appetizer is to DIE for! My husband ordered the pizza with in house made chicken sausage and was in love! I had the cheese ravioli and it was delicious. We will definitely be going back. Great service and atmosphere.
4	I'll give them the 4 stars on the house made bread alone. When we arrived they told us the bread was making, so we'd have to wait a moment..I can't say I was overjoyed to hear that. However, I was overjoyed when I tasted it. For my entree I ordered the roasted vegetable sandwich (we were there for lunch). It was splendid! The only thing I would've changed was maybe taking off the lettuce & tomato. I did love how nicely grilled the wrap was &, that the vegetable did not cause it to be soggy. To top it all off the service was excellent.
4	Food was very delicious. However, the salt content proved to be a bit extreme.  Great service!!
3	This is not what qualifies as "Good Italian." Perhaps there is an Italian village where this is identical to what they serve, but I have never been there. I've never been to Italy at all. So I'll say this instead: This is not what qualifies as "Good Italian American."I've enjoyed Mama Ricotta's catering before, and even dinner several times over the last decade. But tonight, despite not having to pay, having two glasses of Chianti, and having the gal at the bar give me her phone number, I was disappointed. Jamal served us with precision and a smile. One busboy was nice enough to crumble bread on my jacket, then look down at my jacket as if its presence offended him.The rolls...these are dinner rolls, coated in oil. They stiffened within minutes, which generally says they spent time in a microwave. The oily rolls also came with a dish full of oil. A dish of oil is a decent gesture in most Italian restaurants, but this oil was spicy. And more spicy than I prefer. But if you are from that Italian village where they dip oily rolls in spicy oil, this is your place. The highly recommended Warm Goat Cheese and Mascarpone Dip was pleasant tasting. Rich marinara surrounding creamy mascarpone, with bread of proper consistency. In fact, I wish they served a version of this bread as their dinner bread. The presentation could be better. Looked like a dying sunflower made of bread.For the main course, I chose Pasta Primavera. While flavorful, and a big heaping plate, this was also heavy laden in oil. A deep pool of oil.My benefactor ordered angel hair pasta with tomato basil sauce plus shrimp. She appeared pleased, although this may have had more to do with the man across from her, or her drink, or both. Or neither.
1	This place used to be my favorite spot for 3 years until last night. I took my mom out for her birthday and we left disappointed. We both have ordered the same 2 meals every time we come, shrimp picatta and braised short ribs in red wine sauce. First thing I noticed was the short ribs were no longer on the menu, no big deal went to my next favorite dish, the shrimp picatta. When the dish arrived I immediatly noticed something was off, the color (used to be dark red, this was pinkish), the texture (used to be corse now smooth) of the dish looked different and the serving size (could never finish and would take half home). On top of that there were no roasted red peppers and the "crispy" pancetta used to be thinly sliced crispy pieces mixed in the polenta, the pancetta was chopped and just thrown on top. Then there were capers which I never recalled before and made the dish extremely salty. We complained and the manager came over, we told her we get the same dish over and over again and this time it was completely different. She apologized and was very polite but explained they rehired a previous chef and was not aware of the dish being any different since she is still new at her job. I don't know why this chef would completely change the perfected dish. I don't know what else this chef has changed but according to the atmosphere, people clearly notice a difference. I've never seen the place so empty
5	My Husband and I dined her Saturday Evening for our Anniversary and we are still talking about it. We got there early and it filled up FAST.  A mix of couples and families.  The atmosphere is romantic and the service is top notch.  We started with a house made fresh mozzarella snuggled between thick slices of vine-ripened tomatoes, drizzled with extra virgin olive oil and fresh basil.  It came with roasted red peppers and pine nuts.  The cheese was so fresh and delicious!!  We split a bottle of chianti that was very tasty for only $30.  Our pasta dishes came out amazing.  True and authentic Italian food!!!  Our waiter surprised us with a cannoli that had a candle in it and it was the tastiest one I ever had.  Coming from an Italian NY chick, that is saying a lot!!  We will try to go once a month for date night.  Probably my favorite restaurant in Charlotte!!
2	Mediocre Italian food. I had a pizza and it was quite bland. The waiter was nice, though.
5	Decided to take my mother out for her birthday and her immediate suggestion was mama ricotta's and I must say her decision did not disappoint. Our server was Amanda and she was such a sweetheart, very helpful! We both had the Pollo Bianco, chicken wrapped in prosciutto and mozzarella over a bed of garlic mash potatoes (I could eat those things for days), with a vegetable of choice (I had mixed veggies and mom had broccoli- I did not care for veggies) all smothered in a mushroom sauce. DELICIOUSNESS!!! And of course we had to order desert, mom got the tiramisu and I got the apple crisp, both spectacular. But the best part is when "I went to the bathroom" but actually was trying to get Amanda, our server, to gather some coworkers to sing my mom happy birthday and a willing young man, Danny, was more than happy too. The two of them really made our night! The service here is great!!! So great that I booked my prom reservations here. The food was great as well! Only downside was no complementary bread, but that's not a big deal overall I would definitely recommend mama ricotta's to anyone!!
2	The food here was just adequate. And the ridiculous part of our lunch was that the check  was delivered before the meal! What's that about? The waiter said they get really busy so they bring the check first. I've been eating out in restaurants for many years and no one has every brought the check before a morsel of food was eaten. The menu states that whole wheat pasta is available but never mentions it's a $1.50 up charge. I might return someday but I won't be anytime soon.
4	One of my favorites.  The food and service are always excellent.   Whatever you have, ending with the bread pudding (not listed on the menu) and the tiramisu are a must!!!!
4	My wife's favorite Italian spot. She loves the penne ala vodka, made with pepper vodka!  Fresh baked bread is amazing.  Tried a slice ifU daughters pizza, very good!  Service is usually really good.  The last time we were there the server was slow but very friendly.  I would put this in the top 5 Italian eateries in Charlotte.
4	The food was good and plentiful. Waitress was friendly, and kept checking us and refilling my sweet tea glass( this is a pet peeve when I have to ask). We ordered the calamari appetizer, chicken parm and chicken cioffa, and bread pudding for dessert. All items can easily be shared.
4	I ordered take out from here once when I was staying at a hotel in downtoen Charlotte for work. I found it on yelp and looked like they had some delicious menu items and were also close to where I was staying. I always try new places that are not chains and this one had lots of items I was interested in. I looked at the menu and ended up ordering the goat cheese and mascropone appetizer that you also got with crostini and marinera sauce, The salmon salad, and also the apple crisp dessert. When I called to order the person who took my order was very helpful and knew a lot about the menu items which almost never happens. Since I also ordered take out she made sure to tell me that everything would be packaged seperately so it would not get soggy. When I picked up my food it was so nicely packed and delicious as well! I loved all of the food and would defnitely love to go back there again. Definitely a nice place to just go and have a quiet dinner with some friends. The wine and beer selection was pretty great as well!
2	We came here to celebrate my college graduation. I looked at TripAdvisor for a Italian restaurant good for kids and for special celebrations. That lead me to Mama's. However..... obviously people reviewing here and giving 5 stars don't know about Italian culinary. The restaurant menu includes a briefing about the owner's family and history. They can indeed be Italians but they have managed to create a menu based upon what us Americans think about Italian food (pasta sauces and breads with loads of garlic on it and lasagna with ricotta cheese on it). Just take as an example Olive Garden.... and I am not comparing Mama's to Olive Garden as the food here is much better, but in terms of laying down the american vision and taste for Italian food.If there is an authentic Italian restaurant in Charlotte that is the Luce Ristorante in Uptown and also Dolce Ristorante. This restaurant has a decent quality of food, the service is great, but quite honestly, I have tasted better pasta than this one at Hawthorne Pizza Bar in Huntersville.The Nutella pie that everyone claims to be "delicious" does not taste like Nutella at all. It tastes like Peanut Butter cheese cake. I even asked the server if she had made a mistake and brought the wrong dessert and she said that it was the correct one. We then said: It tastes like Peanut Butter and she replied: Really? But doesn't Nutella tastes like Peanut Butter to you??? That response made me think that clearly that the restaurant may not even know what they are cooking.
3	My husband and I came here for dinner before going to the Knights game. He usually stops in for the lunch specials from the Metropolitan and wanted to show me the place. We were sat right away and given bread and oil. It was ok, I don't think it was typical olive oil, but mixed with something else. We ordered the calamari, and we split the spaghetti and meatballs. The calamari was good, my favorite part of the meal in fact. Done the Italian way, flash fried, and with marinara. The meatballs were turkey prosciutto, and it just wasn't the same. I tried. My husband said he liked them. They do have $3 domestic pints on Thursdays which included OMB. My husband was happy about that.  The waitress was good, friendly.
5	Ate here on a Saturday night.   It was crowded but we had no wait. There's outdoor seating on a covered patio as well as indoor.  They serve warm garlic bows and bread with spicy dipping oil.   We had wood oven pizza with fresh mushrooms and Italian sausage.   Server grated fresh parmigiano over the top.   Molto Delicioso!
4	I have been here twice recently. Once for lunch and once for dinner. I love the patio here and enjoy the overall feel of it. The calamari is decent but the goat cheese app is something I frequently dream of!! It is amazing. It has marinara and toasted bread points for dipping. I have had the spaghetti with meat sauce and the ravioli with meat sauce. The angel hair is made in house daily and just to die for. The ravioli is cheese filled and the meat sauce is a lovely combo of meat and chunky tomatoes. The food is awesome and the service is good as well. I noticed they have a pizza oven as a center piece so I would love to try their pizza next time. But overall a great find for a really decent price. They also have family style dishes which is one of my favorite things ever so I plan on trying that very soon as well. A def must try at least once!
5	My wife and I went to this restaurant based on a Yelp recommendation. It was awesome. The penne Ala vodka was delicious. The tiramisu was unbelievable. Nice size portions and delicious flavors. We will definitely be back again.
5	Someone at the photo shop down the road recommended Mama Ricotta's for lunch, so my son and I went. My son is a college kid, so he wanted pizza. It was fabulous. Now we go every time we make the trip to Charlotte (an hour) for camera gear. He has taken a couple of friends as well.  My son could eat the bread and flavored oil all day. It is really good. The pizza which is what we always get is terrific too. So, I can't speak to the other dishes, but they look great. I want to try some of those soon. Every server we've had has been terrific both inside and on the patio. They have a cover on the patio and a fireplace going when it's cold. That's where we ate last time and really enjoyed the outdoor feel.
4	Great food, fine cocktails, excellent service provided by Kelly.  We noticed this place fairly close to our hotel. I looked up the Yelp reviews and decided to check it out. Good choice.
1	Been to Mamas dozens of times over the past 10 years.The last few times out experience was just fair.Last night we went there for a birthday dinner...mistake1st thing they put the 7 of us in a small table for 6 max...how to you have any room for the food? DUH (plus the place was not even busy)They did accommodate us after my request to put 2 tables together.We ordered a few appetizers to start...one of them being the mozzarella and tomatoes, we ordered the big portion and asked for the red peppers addition as usual. The order came to the table with 3 small slices of mozzarella and banana peppers. I again had to request a correction. I don't mind paying restaurant markups...but come on a few tomatoes and the paltry amount of cheese for like 9 bucks...shame on you.When the entrees came the runner looks at us like make room. Of course the table was full because the the app and salad courses had not been cleared.Going to a restaurant should not be about correcting step by step...it should be about having relaxing and fun time.There are many good choices in Charlotte, unfortunately Mama Ricottas looks like it may no longer be one of them.
3	This terrific casual Italian place in Charlotte's Midtown neighborhood is a great spot for lunch, dinner, or a couple of drinks after work. The food is wonderful, particularly their Penne Alla Vodka and their humongous calzones. Service is always friendly and prompt, and the covered patio overlooking the Greenway is a great spot in warm weather. There are better Italian restaurants in Charlotte, but for the price, Mama Ricotta's is consistently on target.
5	Love this restaurant. You can always expect great service and even better food! We love to get the family size penne a la vodka with shrimp to share. Every server we've had has been very helpful and attentive without being pushy or annoying! Always look forward to going for casual date nights :) PS don't leave without ordering a cannoli- or two!
4	Love this restaurant! Make sure you come with an appetite but if not, always share! There will be plenty!! Great service! Pasta and pizza are equally great!!
5	Everything was wonderful.  Had my birthday dinner here, party of 20. The staff were accommodating,  Mark was attentive and the food.. yum.com. Love dining here!
5	Wonderful meal!  Lasagne had a nice texture to it, sauce was fantastic!  Chicken parm was great as well!  Hands down great meal!  Our server was also wonderful!  Very attentive!  Staff worked as a team and all were very friendly!  The Nutella pie and cannoli were AMAZING!
5	This place is always spot on. The wine selection is always excellent and the food makes you close your eyes and say wow!  Great for any occasion and really fun for a special occasion. Desserts...gotta safe room or just do it anyway.
4	Used call ahead seating on a Friday night and glad we did because the placed was busy. That's always a good sign.The food was excellent and we took advantage of the drink specials.We sat on the patio which was nice.We would go again.
4	We were in Charlotte this past weekend and we were in the mood for Italian, so we went to Mama Ricotta's. I am glad we made the choice to come here. From the moment we walked in, the staff was pretty friendly and accommodating. We got the Burrata & Prosciutto appetizer, it was lovely. Our entrees were Penne Alla Vodka and Rigatoni with Meat Sauce. The ingredients were fresh and flavorful; just like Italian food should be. We noticed that the dessert portions were enormous so we asked if we could be served just half of a tiramisu. Our waitress was absolutely accommodating and she made it happen. We weren't expecting to pay half price for the dessert we just didn't want the rest to go to waste, but she did charge us half price. I wish this place was in DC, we would be here all the time.
1	I do not have much to say about this place other than the food is horrible.the people are nice but the food is horrible if you are itialian and the cook is not even itialian.stay away if you want real itialian food.
4	The food was absolutely delicious! We made a 7:15 reservation but weren't seated until 7:40 which bummed us out at first but once we had our food it wasn't as big of the deal. We managed to squeeze our way near the bar for a drink while we waited. I got the Amma's Cheese Ravioli with meat sauce and the BF got the Penne Alla Vodka. Both were so good. We will be back when we are craving Itlian.
5	YES!!! This is the best Italian in Charlotte, NC! The "Penne ala Vodka" is an experience everyone must have before they choose their favorite spot!!  I take my clients there all the time!  Great atmosphere, outstanding service and the menu is just enough!
5	Mama Ricotta's is one of our failsafe, don't miss Queen City picks, so I'm a bit surprised that I haven't Yelped it yet. Maybe I just assumed everyone else already knows how good it is? The warm garlic rolls with olive oil and red pepper flakes are a welcome starter when you're ready to gnaw your arm off. Last night, our server Danny (who was terrific) added a splash of balsamic to the usual mix, which was a nice addition.  The Mama's side salad is always a refreshing lead-in the main, featuring a quality blend of vegetables and olives. I've tried a few of the house dressings, and as the servers often recommend, the sweet (but not *too* sweet) Italian is their best. My husband is a diehard fan of the lasagna here, which is a flavor bomb on a plate. Last night, I went for the pasta special - fresh linguine with grouper in a tomato-basil-and-shrimp sauce. Can't say I ever found any shrimp, unless they were disguising themselves as fish, but the sauce was flavorful and fresh, there were plentiful, large chunks of grouper throughout, and the fresh pasta was delightful.The pizzas here, too, are winners. We especially like Joe's Favorite. Yes, it's full of meaty, greasy goodness, but the house-made sausage is killer. We ended last night's anniversary extravaganza by splitting the legendary tiramisu. The stuff is made of clouds, I swear. Sweet, coffee-soaked clouds. Mama Ricotta's is some of the best we've enjoyed.Whether we have family visiting from out of town, or are celebrating a special occasion - as we did for our anniversary last night - Mama Ricotta's is one of our go-tos for a good meal.
4	I'd heard a lot of good things about this place so when I had the opportunity to plan an event for a group of my girlfriends Mama Ricotta's immediately came to mind!I'm happy to report that this place didn't disappoint! I'd made reservations online and they called to confirm my reservations early that afternoon. When we arrived our table was ready with no wait! Our waiter was kind enough to go over all the specials and give us time to look over the menu. For such a large party, I was glad to see that our glasses were never empty and all our orders were right when they hit the table. I ordered the lasagna. It's not your typical lasagna, they call it "southern Italian style" and it's a mix of beef, veal and homemade sausage with a cheese blend on a bed of sauce. It was very meaty and cheesy as it should be with a classic sauce. I enjoyed every bite. Add to that those freaking addicting garlic roll (perfect for dipping) and I'd absolutely order it again. There were a lot of other dishes on our table that looked amazing so I'm definitely coming back for more goodies...and some dessert!
4	Perfect location for group birthday!  Great food, nice staff, gluten free options, polite about separate checks. Burrata w prosciutto was excellent, bread is always yummy, mamas salad was good and out family pasta dishes were delicious!  Best thing there= Nutella pie!  Better than crack or so I hear!  Had to order to special for bday boy am it was devoured!
5	As good as it gets, in my opinion! I absolutely love this place! I take my family whenever they come into town. Great atmosphere, wonderful staff, and great food.
5	I don't say this lightly, and I'm surprised I'm saying this at all.This is actually the best Italian food I had EVER (and that counts Italy as well). It was hearty, flavorful and the service was simply fantastic. It tasted like they made quite a few things on site too.The menu was also manageable (unlike some Italian places). My favorite is how you can order items family style. Everything was delicious through and through from the appetizers (goat cheese is a plus) to the cannoli. The drinks specials were also delicious (I came when Mama-citas were the special).
5	This is some of the best Italian food I have ever had, and being from NJ, I have had quite a bit of Italian food. The atmosphere is laid back, and the service in impeccable. Our server Daniel was fantastic and I will be requesting him the next time I go.I had the Penne Vodka which was great, and the Tiramisu was delicious. My wife had the special, which was braised short ribs and was also a hit.I can't wait to go back.
5	Came into town for the Belk Bowl. Based on previous reviews me and my boyfriend chose this place and we weren't disappointed! We shared the chicken oreganata pizza and it was wonderful! Also had a side salad with their homemade creamy Gorgonzola dressing which was good too. Easy to find and parking available. It's a little dressy which I wasn't prepared for in my Dawg sweatshirt. :) but good and affordable. Go if you get the chance!
5	Ok I've been eating Italian, real Italian, all my life with my friends and family through New York and New England and even in Italy and I am blown away by the authenticity and quality of the food at Mama Ricotta's - I've lived in Charlotte for about 2 years now and have missed this place until today, New Years Eve 2014. It's not really in my hood but decided I wanted some Rigatoni, Yelp'd it, and these guys came up. I've driven by it dozens of times and to be honest, thought it may be a sandwich/sub shop or some other take out type strip mall joint. DON"T BE FOOLED by the unassuming street front. Go inside and check it out!! I literally stopped at the reception (yes, I was greeted and welcomed) and had to smile. While taking in the inviting, Italian Chalet ambience that looks like it should be situated on some Mediterranean bluff, I was directed over to the bar to pick up my take away order. The kind gent behind the bar, who was on the horn taking other orders, glanced over with a quick smile to let me know he knew I was there. This is something I always notice in a restaurant or anywhere customer service is important - does that staff look past you or do they make an effort for eye contact? Based on the time frame from order to when I actually arrived (10 min) he was able to guess who I was and promptly went to packaging my order. Needless to say I was already excited - it smelled like my Auntie Rita's (not really my aunt) kitchen on Sunday afternoon. An oversized handled bag (re-usable) was filled with what appeared to be my order plus maybe another 2 patrons orders. Everything was kept in a warmer cabinet (not under a heat lamp) until I arrived which was also housing baking sheets full of tear apart rolls...they'll change your life, for sure. I had a moment to look around their bar/lounge area which I will certainly be back to. I didn't see the wine list but it appears you'll most definitely be able to find something you like - I saw lots of good opened bottles meaning you can get it by the glass. There is a wood fired pizza oven as soon as you walk in and I saw a few being carried out by the staff that looked really nice. The bar keep thanked me, wished me Happy New Year and off I went.I ordered the Rigatoni with Meat Sauce and the Chopped Salad. Absolutely amazing!The pasta was cooked perfectly - great texture and flavor. The gravy was bright red and full of fresh tomato flavor. The meat was tender and possibly rough chopped meatballs. The wife thought there should be more gravy but I thought it was just perfect. The salad was certainly a masterpiece. Chopped is certainly the right name for this salad. Everything in it was chopped so that it blended all of the flavors of the salad in every bight.  Olives, Pepperoncini, Tomatoes, Blue Cheese, Nuts (Walnuts??), Lettuce, Kale, Carrot, Onion, Chick Pea.....all I can say is, Damn!Needless to say, I'll be back, lots - Can't wait to work my way through their menu. Thanks, Mama!
