5	great place.  we take all of our personal and business vehicles to these guys and they take good care of us.  Ask for Jeff when you go in, that guy knows what customer service is and how to make raving fans.
5	I have been going to this Gunnell's location for a couple of years. They have the quickest service I've ever experienced for getting tires rotated and/or balanced. I've never had to wait longer than 10 minutes - no matter what day or time I go in.Recently, I went in to get my tires balanced due to a shaking at higher speeds. Turns out the previous owners of my car put the wrong lug nuts on the car - they didn't fit tight and the tires were coming loose. Scary! For $30, I got my tires balanced and the new, correct lug nuts.This is the kind of excellent, attentive experience that you can expect if you go to this Gunnell's location.
5	I've been going here for years. They've always been very friendly, professional and honest which I value greatly in a mechanic. They treat me like family and that's something that cannot be measured in stars.
5	Great shop! I went there late in the day after picking up my car from inspection at Babbits and they took my car in without any problems. They were friendly as hell and John even helped me clean off these scratch marks on my side mirror that Babbits made during their inspection. Couldn't ask for better service!
5	I have been coming here for years. My parents, who have moved to California a couple years ago, will still come here when they come to town for new tires and service. We love seeing Jeff when we walk in the door and really appreciate how hard they work to give us the best service that money can buy, at a price that meets our sometimes strained budget. Excellent service, great people, reasonable prices. I went in about a year or so ago for a new tire as one of mine had gone flat and Jeff told me that I should really think about replacing the other front tire. I asked how bad it was and he said that he wouldn't doubt if it only had about a week or so left on it. Sure enough, a week later, I was driving on the 202 and saw pieces of my tread flying off in my rear view mirror. I drove straight to Jeff and had him set me up with another new tire. You can't beat that kind of know-how.
