4	Lovely wee bar on the Shore in Leith. Great atmosphere and friendly service. My pal's into his ales and reports a good and varied selection of guest ales here. The decor is busy with badges, currency from all over the world and lots of breweriana on display.If the weather's good you can sit outside and watch the world go by.
4	A decorative set piece of hops intertwined with fairy lights, a hearty selection of hand-pump ales and an arrangement of copper lanterns and  more tavern related paraphernalia ensures the Malt and Hops certainly looks the part. Great beer and friendly staff back up the idyllic image, though, and smack bang in the middle Leith Docks results in a reliable prospect for a sociable drink.  A good place to go with you beer loving dad, as I once did.
5	Another of my favourite traditional pubs. Located on the shore at Leith, surrounded by gastro pubs and Michelin-starred restaurants, it maintains its traditional pub interior, with brewery mirrors, real ale brand badges and hops decorating the walls. It has a fireplace going in winter, and it serves up to 8 real ales. It's low key, a bit scruffy (and the toilets are a bit shabby), it's worn in places, a real pub with character. I'm thankful that the Malt and Hops hasn't yet succumbed to the gastropubisation of Leith. Not that I have a problem with gastro pubs, but I don't want every pub to be one. Walking along the shore and looking at the menus in each pub is a sobering experience these days (or even looking for a place where you can get a seat if you're not eating a meal). So whether you're popping in for a quiet pint after a stroll along the shore, or you're settling in for a session on a Friday night, this is the perfect mix of local bar and welcoming pit stop. And did I mention they have hops on the walls? (ok they're fake. I think. But still! They're intertwined with fairy lights!) If you like traditional boozers, this is one of the best.
4	A proper pub, lots of guest ales, a good selection of spirits and great atmosphere. It's a lived in pub with history, and friendly bar staff.It can get crowded at the weekends, so get there early.
4	No idea why it took me until the weekend just past to go for a drink here. Such a pleasant pub in terms of service, atmosphere, ales & music that I'm tempted to make it a regular Friday night pit-stop.
4	Love this little boozer. When all around seem to be tearing out there traditional fixtures and dusting off there cocktail shakers the Malt and Hops is still a proper pub.The pub over looks the dock area down by the shore and looks like it hasnt changed ever. I love coming here on a blustery afternoon to sit by the fire place with a pint. Nothing fancy but they do everything well. The place is immaculate considering the old man style presentation. Many pubs of this ilk can be a little grubby but they keep their bar tidy and cobweb free. The staf are always friendly and the booze selection is great. Thumbs up from me.
