5	Why am I the first to review Macha when this GREAT teahouse slash art gallery has been around since last spring?!!!  I'm not that big of a tea drinker but I fell in LOVE with everything here and it's currently my latest study haunt.  Free wireless, GREAT customer service and something completely different.  Come here to play board games with a few close friends on a rainy day, or stop by to say say hi to the friendly manager Anthony, order a small lunch and a pot of tea (with free refills) and boot up your laptop!
4	i love the converted house, they've done a really nice job giving each room its own feel and its own color scheme. very helpful and knowledgeable staff will tell you about all the different types of teas and help you pick one to suit your mood. and they had great gazpacho too!
5	Anthony and Rachel, the co-owners of Macha Teahouse and Art Gallery, are the coolest tea-tenders I've met so far in Madison.Anthony makes an effort to get to know all the regulars and newbies.They have a large variety of teas (and some coffee for those who resist the tea wave), and Rachel puts a lot of time into innovating the food menu. I've eaten their pork buns, the handmade dough is fantastic. Their cupcakes are the best I've eaten in town - I've had their chocolate peppermint, zuchinni chocolate, coconut flavored, mango, etc. Each one is hand made by Rachel yours truly.The local art they feature is also selected in good taste.Whether you're looking for a place to study or to take friends to for a low key social ambiance, the rooms are gorgeously decorated.Macha teahouse is like a home away from home, or like Cheers, where everybody knows your name. And they play good music.Come often enough and you'll see Aidan, Anthony's little boy, doing cartwheels, and be sure to look for them on facebook to check for store hours.
5	An absolutely amazing place. Great atmosphere, and the staff member truly makes appreciation and knoledge of tea an art.
5	it's been a while since I've discovered Ma Cha (and this was solely b/c they sell David Bacco macha chocolates here--which are my FAVORITE DB chocolates everrr. Yes, somehow everything in my life relates back to David Bacco). Since my discovery, I always mean to go study at Ma Cha but I never seem to remember this place... or I just opt for a coffeehouse. Granted, my love for black, black coffee knows no bounds. But... I also really love tea. And I love this teahouse. And they have a NINJA as their mascot.  Who doesn't love ninjas? Someone who is not fun. Clearly.BUT NOW I JUST FOUND OUT THEY MAKE CUPCAKES. SHUT UP. My mind = BLOWN*Henceforth, I will commence my loyal (and constant) patronage of Ma Cha until I move away (T minus 2.5 months!).*I realize my discovery of the cupcakes is slow but... I've never been very quick on... well, anything. lol.
5	WHY ARE YOUR CUPCAKES SO GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!It's like pokemon... gotta try 'em all. hahaha. I heart macha =)
5	L.O.V.E.I first stopped by on the Gallery Night, and was pleasantly surprised by the cute/chic interior. Their tea selections are great -  if you're having trouble deciding, Anthony will expertly guide you to pick one. The second floor has lovely tatami mat (traditional Japanese flooring) seating areas that are perfect for a intimate date or a fun girl hang-out.
5	Fellas, bring your lady here. 'Nuff said.
5	Ma Cha has a wonderful selection of tea, so if you love tea this is the place for you!  The downstairs is an art gallery with seating.  Upstairs is more seating in themed rooms which are a nice change from your usual coffee shop decor (and yes, more art).They offer free wi-fi and there are plenty of outlets if you need to plug in.  The place is usually quiet, so it's a good spot for studying or just getting a little work done.They have a light menu - bagel, miso soup, and a few rice bowls.  The rice bowls are quite good and very filling.  They also have sweets to enjoy with your tea if you'd prefer.  The handmade steamed buns they make are amazing and I often go just for those (although they don't always have them).  My personal favorite is the pork, although they have a squash one as well if you don't eat meat.Anthony is great at recommending teas, so if you like a particular type let him know and he'll help you discover others with similar qualities.  Overall a great little gem on Monroe street!
4	I've been a secret (read: never Yelped about it before) fan of Ma Cha since before I technically moved to Madison. Yes, it's on the West Side of town (kinda) and it's hard to find parking (kinda) but it's also one of my favorite, most peaceful places to visit. I recommend going early to get one of the much-lauded cupcakes, have some tea and read your book (please leave the laptop at home, if you can). Then, step out onto Monroe street, watch out for the crazy drivers, and take a walk over to the Edgewood boardwalk. And the cares of the day melt away...
5	This place turned me on to tea in a big way.  One of the owners, Anthony, is very friendly and extremely helpful in selecting tea.  You cannot find a better tea place in Madison.
5	I've come here twice for tea service with 5 or more people. The owner will help you find the tea best suited to your taste, the baked goods are excellent, and the environment is wonderful.  We've used the Moroccan room both times, and it's a warm, bright, and cozy space to catch up with friends, relax, and enjoy the tea. I'm looking forward to coming on my own with a book to enjoy the vibe and the quiet.
5	delicious mango cupcake! I want to try them all :) since it was our first time at macha, they gave us a bowl of free cookies!
5	I love the private rooms upstairs that make for an intimate and relaxing experience. I've come here with friends several times, and it's always been a great experience with friendly staff, great atmosphere and delicious tea.
5	I just hosted a Bridal Shower here and it was incredible.  The staff was extremely friendly and attentive, without being overwhelming throughout the shower.  The food was beyond amazing.  We had an assortment of tea sandwiches, scones, cookies, and cupcakes!  The interior is adorable and the perfect atmosphere for either a weekend catch-up or a mini party.  I definitely recommend this place to anyone and everyone!
5	Best tea I have ever had.  Great prices and wonderful service.  The cupcakes are amazing.  I have been several times and always try something new because there are so many types and blends.
5	I can't rave about this place enough. The atmosphere, the tea, the food, the staff... wonderful all!
5	Tea. Art. Friends. Life.This is the motto for the Ma Cha Teahouse.  Could you ask for anything better?What I love about this place is that you're not just getting tea.  You're getting an art gallery, a jewelry store, and a super international selection of food and tea.  You can go for the oriental items like BBQ pork steamed bun or miso soup, but what I would come here for is the scones.Tired of your blah chocolate chip scone?  The Ma Cha Teahouse infused an oriental flair to their scones with flavors like chocolate cardamom and honey rosemary.  Me?  I like the dark chocolate ginger because chocolate and ginger have the best marriage of flavors on the block.
5	I traveled to Wisconsin from Chicago for a long weekend. I love tea and thought--perfect thing to do! They do afternoon tea but Japanese style, so picture your favorite British tea sandwiches with a kick of wasabi and slice of Asian pear. They try to keep a zen atmosphere in there, which is cool. I saw many people using their laptops and stuff. It seems like a good place for locals to get work done and relax. I enjoyed interacting with the staff to make my reservations. She warned me of the football game's impact on the area, etc, and worked with me to find a good time. If I lived closer, I'm sure I'd be a regular.
5	Ma Cha Cha cha cha! I'm not certain why it took 3 months of living here for me to finally step foot in your space, but boy oh boy I'm glad I did! First off, the tea offerings are amazing. They blend a few in house, and offer up some leaves that even I (a lover of loose) didn't recognize. They'll ice anything for a buck more (they're using more tea... it makes sense) which rawks, as I've been to places across the nation that just won't ice anything more than the one or two they pull outta the fridge. The savory snacks pair back to the teas pretty darn well and they fresh bake a myriad of sweets. It's like a friggin' cornucopia of eats n teas here. Add some art to the mix and you have the makings of a great space with something for all your senses!
5	Cozy tea house and FANTASTIC cupcakes. Kick back and stay as long as you want! :) Each room has a different theme and there are larger rooms in the event you wanted to have a gathering there. All of them are well decorated, as well as comfortable. All in all, this is a very fun place to chill.
4	Ma Cha was a fantastic experience.  They had a wonderful assortment of teas to choose from, the cupcakes were delicious (especially the salted caramel), and so were the cookies and scones.  I went there on a date with my boyfriend and it was a nice environment for such an occasion.  We got our own room so there was plenty of privacy.  Whenever I dine anywhere it always feels like I'm exposed and anyone could listen in on my conversation, but here it was private.  Everything was set up for us and the small room was nicely decorated.  The tea house had a very cool vibe. I enjoyed it.
5	How have I not had a cupcake here before? It is insane!I had the vanilla cake with raspberry frosting.  The frosting tasted like REAL raspberries. It wasn't a cream-like frosting, more like a fruit juice infused frosting.  I don't even know. It was great though.  When we got home, we tried some of their loose leaf to go: mint chocolate. Oh. My. God.
5	LOVED THIS PLACE!!!Seriously, it was like heaven for a tea lover. Their drink menu was almost overwhelming, but we persevered and ordered a ginger honey green and rose white teas to share. For a small group of three, two pots were plenty. I enjoyed the ginger the best because I have a soft spot for everything spicy, but the rose was so delicate and reminded me of high tea.My sister and her husband both chose cupcakes: carrot cake and vanilla raspberry. They were super in love. The awesome owners were incredible in informing us at what time each tea needed to be steeped and also gave us tons of cookies for free since it was our first time. Did I mention how awesome they are?I bought a bag of mint chocolate herbal tea because, I mean, how could I go wrong. It was spectacular!!! I appreciate the detail to the packaging by including tea amount, brew time, and temp.
5	Such an awesome place! This teahouse really IS a house, with tons of different rooms to hide out in, each with a different personality but all equally tasteful. Came here with the intention to cram for an exam but realized immediately that it would almost be blasphemous to do so in such a zen-like space. I just wanted to sip my green tea (which the guy working here so skillfully helped me choose...he is like a personal shopper of teas-- it was perfect!) and ponder the mysteries of the universe. The tea cookies are awesome as well- the basil lime ones are my fave!
5	This is the BEST PLACE EVER. I cannot believe I haven't reviewed Macha yet.1. Their name is so fun to say. Macha. Maaaachachacha. Machaaaa.2. The food and drinks are absolutely incomparable. Madison doesn't have many teahouses like this, but Macha dominates them all. As far as I know, every cupcake, muffin, scone, bowl of soup or rice (the miso is just...ridiculous) is made in-house by Rachel, one of the owners. The other, Anthony, really knows his teas, and he can help you find something to fit whatever mood you're in. I'm pretty sure he's traveled to Asia solely to study tea, so yeah, you can trust him. Also, he won't judge you if you order something pathetically mainstream like a chai latte. I know this from experience.3. The space! Macha used to be a house (can you please just take a second to imagine what it would be like if you got to LIVE IN MACHA? Oh my god.), so you get to choose from four cozy, cushion-filled rooms upstairs or an open area with tables and chairs on the main level.One thing to know ahead of time: they do accept credit cards. But as a local, small business, they prefer cash, so give 'em a break and bring some with you!In sum: I love Macha. Macha macha macha. Here it goes down, down into my belly.
5	I'm traveling through Madison and am really glad I stopped here. It's a really cool spot and the people working there know their stuff. Don't be afraid to try something new; if you're not a tea junkie then chances are you might be pleasantly surprised by something they've got behind the counter. Enjoy!
5	Oh MY GOD. I can't stop eating the matcha and ogura (red bean) cupcake *I'm having the second one now* It's so yuuuuuuuummmmm yuuuuummmm. Totemo oishii desu. And, the room is so cozy and nice that I can write peacefully here. Hubby got his programming work done too. When we came, they had some Hawaiian music .... ooohhhh it just brought back some good memories from the Aloha state.So, yes this will turn to be another sanctuary to have some peaceful moment.Machateaaaaaa, aishiteru!
5	I went here to catch up with a friend after being out-of-town for several weeks.  It was such a warm and inviting spot to just hang out and chat.  Actually, the friend I met there was 9 months pregnant and she happened to jokingly ask the tea guy what she could drink to help with labor.  He did give her two recommendations and even let her smell the tea before making a final choice (something they customarily let you do).  I love how knowledgeable the staff is about the tea selections AND only time will tell if the herbal firecracker works its magic for my friend :)This was my first time going to Macha, so I had the iced tea of the day: their house blend black tea.  Usually I have to add a ton of sweetner to my tea because I'm not a huge fan, but there was no need to in this case (a testimony to the freshness of their teas!).  My friend who opted for steeped, hot tea got the benefit of one free refill...pretty good for the price and quality of tea.  Macha is a must during a warm summer day!  (And be sure to sit on the grass while sipping on your drink.)  I will be back to try the hot coffee once fall kicks in :)
4	I've never really been a huge tea-drinker; I prefer the bubbly acidic taste of coffee. But I've been inclined to drink more tea (and kindly persuaded, as well), so I thought I would try a tea service. Ma Cha was the picked spot.Located inside an old house, Ma Cha was a smaller venue, but it was laid out between two floors with enough room between tables not to crowd the guests or make you feel on top of one another's conversations. The teas available for consumption or order lined the walls, alongside various pieces of art worth looking over as you enjoy. My lady friend (the kind persuader) and I ordered the tea service for two. It included two pots of any kind of tea for each of us, various bites (cookies and sandwiches), full service, and probably something else I cannot remember. We also ordered separately (I think) a few cucumber sandwiches and a vegan-BBQ bao.Again, I am not a tea aficionado, but I thought the leaves were lovely. I ordered a white, she ordered a green, and we shared pots. I preferred the white I had ordered--it was more subtle and balanced--but the cookies (delicious shortbread circles, tea cookies), sandwiches (refreshing and different, light), and bao (better than Wow Bao, although I enjoy their product, too) were all equally delectable. The environment was quiet and paired well with the teas, which I'm sure all have "healing properties" and the like.Apparently what we had was not a "true" tea service, but we had tea that was served to us, so I think it was pretty similar. And similar or not, it was a nice time. I was not able to finish both pots of tea, but a full 2 pots should be enough for even the biggest tea enthusiast. Ma Cha was a pleasant find during an altogether pleasant trip to Madison.
5	Ma Cha Teahouse and Art Gallery is a charming lounge-sanctuary that makes you feel like squeezing yourself into tiny spaces just to hang there for awhile. It's not ergonomic, but it will be a compulsion. Just Google Maru the cat. I had the privilege of gulping the best black iced tea I've ever had - their house blend. It was caffeinated and fragrant. Lunch specials are limited in selection, but reasonably priced, well-balanced, and thoughtfully arranged. I suggest getting a lunch to go with your tea. On a weekend, there might be kids around, or workaholics quietly tapping away at their computers. A couple friends having a private conversation. You will hear everything, since here you are one with the universe.
5	Ma Cha Teahouse is one of those places that desperately makes me miss Madison. Bakersfield has nothing like this, and even if we did, it would never survive. You Mad-town folks best be grateful! I came here with my sister, a Madison local, about 3 years ago. We wanted somewhere to go for a light afternoon snack. Plus, she wanted to show me this neat little spot. It's in the most adorable little house. They've kept most of the inside historical architectural elements, which I love. It keeps the charm and beauty of the building. When you walk in, there's a very strong aroma of a variety of teas. There are giant apothecary jars filled with loose tea leaves. Some are made in house, some are not.On our stop, it was a very warm and humid Wisconsin summer. We opted for their rose iced tea. We picked out a few tea sandwiches, paid, and then found a vacant room on the second floor. Each room has its own theme, and is very accommodating for small groups. It's cozy, comfortable, and just plain cute. The majority of rooms lacked doors, but did have curtains. If you intend to visit to have a super secret confidential meeting, you may want to choose somewhere a little less...um...audible. Most people tend to read, quietly chat, and meditate with their cup of tea. That's just the vibe-don't mess with it! Of course I'm sure they can accommodate parties and whatnot, but sometimes common courtesy goes a long way. The food was delightful. Tiny tea sandwiches cut in triangles delicately placed on a platter. The presentation was dainty and creative. Now mind you, this isn't a dinner joint. These are small nibbly items, nothing major. But the quality and creativeness is there to keep most grumbly tummies satisfied until later. I hope to be back soon. This place couldn't be better to hang with your girlfriends, by yourself, or in my case my big sis. Love it!
4	Pretty good experience, friendly staff, good decor and location. I got the matcha latte, which was ok. I think their strong suite would be their plain teas. Pretty cool place as an alternative to a coffee house.
5	I have a question for you, Ma Cha. Can I move in? Your spectacular (albeit simply furnished) gallery is cozy in its own right. The asian-influence and contemporary design make your lounge and gallery a place I'd want to spend my whole afternoon (or the rest of my life, whatever).Yes, you feature over 40 looseleaf teas. Yes, your staff is helpful in picking out just the right one to quench my thirst, give me a boost, cure my hangover...or something like that. You have delectable fresh baked goods (cardamom and thai basil-lemon-oat tea cookies GET AT ME!) and simple lunch items. I got the sweet soy-glazed tofu rice bowl, which comes with scallion, black sesame, shiitake mushrooms, bok choy, and daikon. So gingery and good! I will be back again, Ma Cha, and next time you'll want to start charging me rent.
5	I love Ma Cha !! Great tea for a reasonable price, excellent customer service , and a lovely atmosphere - perfect for catching up with a friend. Not to mention they often times have gluten free food and bakery options available !
5	I went here for my last birthday and had a great time! They were able to accommodate  a large group of people and we had much more than our fill of delicious tea sandwiches, cupcakes and cookies. They are very knowledgable about their teas and make great suggestions. Just tell them what you are feeling, and they will find you a new favorite!
5	This place is amazing. The owner is super knowledgeable about the tea, and really friendly. He makes all of the tea himself, and it is so great! The feeling in this place is so great and relaxed. It makes me wish more of my friends drank tea instead of coffee
4	I've been going here for years, and it's always been a favorite place of mine - there aren't many people that know their tea, and these guys are one of them!It was always a lovely oasis from the frigid Wisconsin winters, and I hope they're around for years to come.
4	I live for the Chinese sausage and rice dish.  I have been here several times.  Owners are knowledgable and helpful about the drink choices.  Ice teas of the day have a free refill that can be put in a to go cup.It is a wonderful place to re connect with friends or yourself.   There are multiple spaces you can sit in to get a bit of privacy.  Or a nice big room for a bigger group.  I have come both as a group and as a single and the place seems to morph into what you need.  I alway look forward to the times I can get away and head to Ma Cha.I wish there was a Ma Cha in my neighborhood!
4	I've been coming here since it first opened and I'm glad to see business is still going strong.The best part for me is the space.  Each different room has a sort of "tea theme"  There's the Japanese room, the Moroccan room etc. etc.The owner is extremely knowledgable and passionate about his tea.  He is a very kind and caring guy he just doesn't put it on display in a bubbly sort of way.Great little tea cookies--my favorite are the basil lemon kind--they have real chunks of herb baked into them.  I've yet to have a disappointing tea.  Last time I was in there I asked for a recommendation for a black tea and what I got was fantastic!  It was malty almost like a beer or miso soup.  So unique and delicious.Things they used to have and I'm sad to see went away:-pillows in the japanese tea space  --they made it so comfy that I'm sure people (me) wanted to stay all day.-stamp cards for frequent customers
5	Some bad news: I heard they're closing next year!I saw a board in front of this place: For rent! If this is true, another tea shop will go.... *sad*
5	Loved this place- wonderful food. Will miss it.
5	Ma Cha which will be closing in December which is pretty much the sole reason you need to get your behind to Monroe street to sip some tea in a quaint, lovely little neighborhood tea house. It's also awesome, and there's that too.My memories there are wide-ranging, and some of them so strong, everything from lots of laughs to tears talking to friends about loss. But through it all, expertly blended teas and a concise asian inspired menu have left my belly and my heart so full. It's sad to read their Facebook posts and hear they're beginning to sell large furniture items and soon pots and other servewave. Seize the opportunity now to own a piece of something so many in Madison have touched and loved for many months. And while you're there, treat yourself to a pot of something warm. In addition to several blends which rotate regularly and one or two special teas on the chalkboard. Today I was feeling something smoky and Anthony had exactly what I needed; a black lapsang tea that had similar notes to a full bodied smoky mezcal. A spicy tofu bowl and chocolate-orange ganache gluten free cake hit the spot. The November holidays will mean reduced hours, so check before you head over. But know that you have only a few weeks left, mid-December it all comes to an end.
4	It's a real shame this place is closing for good because it's pretty awesome. A pot of tea ($3.50-$4.50) gets you one refill and is enough for two to enjoy over a very lengthy game or two. The one we had (the name escapes me now) was exactly as described, and it was one of the most earthy and interesting green teas I've had in a long time.
4	Ma Cha is a fun, unique way to spend an afternoon. When it's cold and there's not much to do, why not lay on the floor pillows at Ma Cha with some friends instead of laying on your couch?The ambiance is what makes this place. Do your best to get a spot on the second level. The downstairs looks like your typical cafe, but walk up the stairs and you have your pick of funky tea rooms with unconventional seating. Pick a tea and enjoy it with a friend. Order the cucumber cream cheese sandwiches and scarf them down and wish you had more. They also have a few Asian rice dishes on the menu. If they weren't about to close I would suggest they extend the menu a bit and offer table service so you can enjoy a lazy afternoon of ordering tea after tea and snack after snack. But alas, in a few days Ma Cha will be no more, rendering this review basically useless. Madison will miss this spot and would surely benefit from something similar opening up soon!
5	CLOSED as of Dec 22, 2014 . Sad to see this place in my 'hood close. Best of luck wishes for the owners for their next venture.
