2	-1   Couldn't find my size in the drawers.+1  A nice rep found it for me.+0  Was the wrong fit. +1 She came in and measured me and let me know my size had changed.-1  She also told me that my size will change when "you gain 10 lbs." Fellow Yelpers, you know there are photos on this site. That's all I'll say about that comment, which could really hurt someone's feelings if they really do have a weight issue.+1  The item was on sale!-1  No one working the register.-1  Same rep decides to avoid eye contact with me instead of pointing me to the lotion side of the store to open registers - I had no idea I was STANDING IN LINE at a set of registers that no one was even keyed in at. -1  When I do realize there are other registers open, I am nearly knocked down by another customer who had to "beat" me to them so she could put $13 on her VS card account. Nice work, hon.
5	I LOVE Victoria's Secret, I've been going to this location since high school. I haven't really had any major size issues like the other girls have stated. I do think that some of the girls that work here are bitches though. There are a couple who are nice & helpful but a majority are just rude & that does get super annoying. I was here this past Saturday & bought 2 body by victoria push up bras, 1 in white stars & 1 in black. I got hooked on these bras when I bought 1 in nude dot a few months back, they are the most comfy push ups EVER! I had received a lil coupon card for $10 off any bra + a free panty (they send these cards like every couple months). Luckily the bras I got were buy 1 get 1 50% off, so I scored 2 for about $58. The free panty has me a lil worried though, it's a 1 size fits all thong, ugh. It was free though so I guess I can't complain. There were tons of colors to chose from & I picked the multicolored leopard. It's the Holiday season, so they had their secret reward card worth up to $500, that you can start using Dec. 1st. I usually get the $10 one but hey I'll take it, any excuse to go shopping at VS!
5	Yup, got the $10 card as usual. Found this super cute, royal blue baby doll dress. Perfect for our anniversary next weekend ;)
3	This location is pretty small and rarely ever stocked, but when it is, it's great. Unfortunately, it's not stocked on more occasions when I visit then it is stocked. Also, now that the Fashion Square location has been remodeled and turned into something close to Heaven, this store has a lot to live up to and doesn't stand a chance unless it gets a complete makeover.Staff can be hard to find, but once found are generally more than happy to help you with any questions you might have. One of the tricky parts of this store is checking out. There are two checkout counters that aren't visible to each other. One in the lingerie section and the other in the their body/scent shop. You might end up waiting at one for several minutes before venturing over to see if their are employees at the other counter checking people out, grr.
1	Their service is horrible which is a surprise because nobody its hardly in there. I visit a VS store 2-3 times a month.  I came into this site it was bout really packed I needed help and was ignored the whole time. Someone came in I heard the "Welcome to Victoria Secret,  can i help you find anything" it kinda felt like a slap in my face. When I was paying for my stuff the woman asked if anyone helped me.  I had explained to her that everyone ignored me when I seeked help m the service was horrible. All she did was continue to ignore and have a dude conversation. I ended up leaving the stuff I was going to buy because I was so disgusted.
1	If I could give this place zero stars, I would. Well guys, I just got back from Victoria's Secret and same old same old.I HATE coming here for a number of reasons.1. Does anyone ever work here?? Every time i walk in theres like nobody working. i will see 2 girls at most and their always busy helping other people or "pretending to look busy" .. If i am lucky enough to get someones attention and speak to an associate there always so DAMN rude!! Some things i've noticed with the sales associates are their middle aged woman trying to be "sexy". Excuse me but its not my fault that your a middle aged woman working retail in a mall, so please change your attitude towards me and give me some service.2. Whenever I find what I need theres hardly ever any selection, they are always out of my size or color or style and im left with the leftovers. 3. the victoria secret deals are complicated at this location. i always have a problem whenever i bring in a free panty card or a ten dollars off card. etc. they always mess up my transactions and i always have to return and fix it. and when i do try to come back and fix it im left with their attitudes again like they didnt mess anything up? i remember one time i came in and asked a sales associate if this deal was still going on where if you spend a certain amount of money say 70 bucks you get a free duffle bag.. she said yes so i did some shopping and went to check out. when i got to the register the lines were soooooo long. when i finally made it to the front and made my purchases i had noticed that the lady had forgotten my duffle bag so i went back to the store and politely told her and she responds "oh we ran out". excuse me?? If you had ran out of duffle bags why didnt you tell me when i had asked you when i walked in the store?? I was so angry.this is my 6th time coming back here and idk why i do, i guess I just have some sort of hope that my next visit will always be better. but no, eek, me thinks not.
1	Before now, I've never been ignored by sales associates when the store is virtually empty. Maybe the exhaustion from all of the weekend's sales drained all of the sales luster. Despite my fitting room request light being lit for over 5 min with no attendant ever coming to my assistance, I still managed on my own. Spending over $100 at an establishment deserves at least a little customer assistance.
2	Had a few bad experiences unfortunately in just one visit. The associates had no intention on being courteous, they even seemed to run away or roll their eyes to avoid me. I had to walk to the cashier to ask for help,  she willingly helped me,  answered my questions.  When I was about to walk out, the alarm went off and I was NOT even close to the door, one of the associates quickly pointed me out,  and loudly said "Can you come here I gotta check if their is anything in THERE"  meaning my bag.  He gave me his back the whole time, and didn't even look at me to say I was good to go. He just said your fine. That's it. So rude.
