3	This place is OK but pricey.  I went for lunch by myself and ordered the cheapest thing on the menu.  Total bill with tip was $10.  However their prices are typical for Las Vegas sushi restaurants which I consider too high.  I moved here from San Diego and I'm used to tasty $6 lunches with a large variety of dishes to choose from (not a lunch special) and a large sashimi plate for $11 which runs around $18 here in Vegas."
5	I love this place! My boyfriend and I needed to find a good sushi place in Las Vegas NOT on the Strip.  My favorite is the Tiger Roll which includes shrimp tempura wrapped in rice and seaweed, then topped with spicy tuna and avocado. And it is huge!! We can never eat more than three rolls in one sitting.  Narita is also very reasonably priced, and we are usually always disappointed when we go anywhere else. I usually go around 4 or 5 so it is never very busy and service isn't bad, plus you get complimentary miso soup.
5	Hidden in a Target shopping center, this small restaurant is one of my favorites since the year 2000. This place has the best shrimp tempura in town. They do not have all you can eat but a couple of rolls will completely satisfy your hunger. They are not frugal with the ingredients. Most places overpower your seafood with large clumps of rice. Not at this sushi restaurant, the rolls and nigiri definitely has an awesome ratio of seafood to rice. Make sure you try the dragon, rainbow, yum yum and philly rolls. The soft shell crab is also a definite winner. Try this place and I am confident that you will not be disappointed. I would have to agree with all the reviews. FIVE stars!!!!!!!!
5	Hit the spot! great sized portions,very tasty and good flavor,  very friendly, and attentive. the best spicy scallop hand rolls I have ever had! Every time I come to Vegas I stop here after golf. My friend Will V. says it is the best sushi place he has every eaten at.
4	This was a family favorite for years. My first ever mochi ice cream was here and the first time my dad learned that putting the entire blob of wasabi in your mouth was not a good idea. I've always loved the quiet family feel of this place. The tables are cozy and the waitresses are extremely friendly. I feel like I am back at my best friend's Japanese home, eating rice and lettuce, and whatever other things, maybe less identifiable, that her grandma has thrust at me. The best deal here is the bento box. Stacks of California rolls, beef or chicken teriyaki (I'm partial to beef myself), and shrimp and veggie tempura. It is extremely reasonably priced and you'll have plenty left over for lunch the next day in the days when you're trying to stretch your meals out a bit. It isn't the place for a very serious date. It's quiet and in the Target shopping plaza, so you're not looking for fancy here. I think what I love the most about this place is its simplicity. Vegas is full of sushi places trying to top one another in overtly sexual names (including tastes like your ex-girlfriend...SERIOUSLY? NOT A NAME TO BE ASSOCIATED WITH SUSHI) , over stacked rolls with extremely complex ingredients and combinations. This will always be my first and last sushi stop when in Vegas. It feels like home.
5	This girl I was dating introduce me to this place in late 2006. My love for this place outlasted out love for each other and I'm not complaining. Very generous portions, which makes it okay that they do not have an all you can eat. Complimentary miso soup which is delicious. VERY fresh seafood, I have been coming here almost every week for three years now and the place has never compromised on their service. I would recommend the Tiger toll, Dragon roll and Alaska roll. For those that enjoy nigiri (I do)  I would recommend the salmon and smoked salmon nigiri, both very fresh and well textured. Great service as well, the chefs and serving staff always remember a face whether you have been there once or many times before.
5	This is my favorite sushi bar in Las Vegas.  The price is reasonable for sushi and is very fresh.  This is a hole in the wall sushi bar.   I go here at least once a week, but average about 4 to 5 times a month.Pros: The cuts of fish are the thick on all the rolls.  It usually takes about two bites to eat one piece.  My favorite rolls are the Johnny roll (see pic) and the Narita Airport.  I also recommend the Poke Salad (ahi tuna)  Service is friendly.  Everything I've had here has been very good.  Cons:  Some of the tables are small and have a glass counter.  When you get get a drink, you need to keep an eye on your glass, cause they sometimes slide.  They don't take amex.
1	The Skinny: generic, unauthentic sushi (1) with tired decor and service (1).This little "sushi" bar is located across the street from Mountainview hospital. We'd read so many positive reviews of this place that we were eager to check it out.My husband got there earlier than I did and got a table during lunchtime.  As soon as I arrived, he gave me an uncertain look like maybe we ought to vamoose this popsicle joint. Yes, it was that scary.Really, it's not a sushi bar in the true Japanese sense of the word. It's a travesty to say that this place is a sushi bar. I mean, it tries to be cute with the little dirty flower taped pens on the table (yeah - yuck!). The decor definitely meets the hole in the wall criteria with it's dingy lighting, and a sad looking "sushi bar" area that was  (when we arrived) half occupied by empty paper boxes. I ordered a diet coke which came in a large plastic glass which the hostess refilled with another large plastic glass (classy!).But hey, give us points for sticking this place out. We wanted to give this place the benefit of the doubt. We probably should have listened to our better instincts.On to the food. The fish is not that fresh - the texture is mushy suggesting the salmon was frozen  or not stored properly . Sushi was poorly wrapped - overly loose, actually, making it difficult to eat. Tempura was hard and probably throwing it at someone could get you arrested for manslaughter. Miso soup was like the pre-packaged dehydrated stuff you can get at the supermarket.Given the plethora of great Japanese restaurants in the city, give this one a pass.
4	Unusual rolls - deep fried salmon wrapped with fresh cucumber - are reason enough for me to go back again.  The edamame was a bit al dente, which I don't think it's supposed to be.  I wonder if there's a word in Japanese that means the same as al dente does in Italian.  I digress... each of the 3 sushi rolls were delish & huge!  The Summer was the one I described; Alaska was fresh with tasty tuna and avocado; and a third was also a crispy salmon.  We had no problem communicating with the waitress, which seems to be an issue in other posts.  The sushi list doesn't go into detail, so I just asked her what certain rolls were and she told me... no biggie!  Def a place to try again.
2	Just went here for lunch with my boys and we were not impressed although there were some good things.The tempura was pretty good and so was the Alaska roll and the salmon and yellow tail sushi and sushi mi, I also really enjoyed the yellow tail cheek.  The spider roll was dry and the soft shell crab was way over cooked and had a slightly burnt taste.The toro was gross really chewy and tasted like red meat ew!   One of the boys (who doesn't like sushi) got the chicken katsu and it was dry with a yucky dipping sauce.All up it was $88 before tip, way to expensive for what we got and then we had to go to Wendy's to feed the non sushi lover!
4	Located in a strip mall with a ton of parking, this place has about 7 quads and 3 deuces along with an 8-10 person sushi bar.  It's decorated nicely as much as it can be with the walkin fridge in view of the dining room.  It seems to be a mom and pop shop.  Waitress looked at us and thought we knew what we were doing, but with regards to Japanese food, we are FOB.  She sorta got disappointed that we didn't even know our own food, but once we got the FOB customer factor put aside, things went smoother. I got the spicy pork.  It was meh on the presentation side and on the flavor side.  Sister got the salmon with tempura.  Presentation wise, it was blah, but flavor and taste, it rocked. Three nice fillets of salmon with skin-on broiled.  Salmon was flaky and perfect.  The best salmon I've ever had.  We also had the Sashimi plate.  Huge slices of fish.  Very good.   So a solid 4 stars.
4	We had dinner here a couple of nights ago on the recommendation of my wife's nurse.I ordered Jasmine tea and spilled just a little bit on the table. I guess the table must have been slanted because when I set my tea cup down, it began to move around as if it was possessed. It was kind of scary/amusing. :-)We split three rolls: Spicy Spider, White Dragon, and one more that I can't remember the name of that had eel, avocado, and tuna. They were all very good. My favorite was the White Dragon. My wife's favorite was the Spicy Spider roll. The fish was fresh and seemed to be good quality. For desert we split a green tea ice cream which was your typical green tea ice cream.The waitress was very nice and seemed to be proud of the quality of the food.
3	Super Size SushimeConservative in portions, they are definitely not. Predictable, yet extraordinary twists into the monotonous. As my date ushers away the last of my zesty cajun tuna for her banal tuna sushi, I stare with disdain of hopes crushed as my palate yearns for more of the tang & bang.The hawaiian rolls, a welcome sight that spice up our evening & break away from the monotonous selections of spider, caterpillar, unagi & more unagi! Generous! Fat Rolls, teased their way on to our table, drenched in homemade vinaigrette & enough spice to solicit a mild meltdown while swallowing a fistful of erotic sensation.When the appetite for more had dissipated, our final rolls of lobster coated with "Idon'tknowwhatbutitsgross" excessively sweet & verging as a "fishy" dessert option.Roll in for the adventurous, roll out for the tried & true!
4	I was not expecting too much as this little hole in the wall is located in a strip mall and the decor is out dated and the sushi bar area probably holds 8 to 10 people.  I was pleasantly surprised by how good this was!  It was my first time there so I just ordered the sushi lunch special with a spicy tuna roll.  This includes miso soup, salad, 2 pieces of tuna, salmon and shrimp plus which ever roll you choose and was only $10.95.  It was sooo good!!!!  Everything was super fresh!!  It was so good I am actually meeting someone there again tonight!!  Mmmmmm.. SUSHI!!
5	I drive over 40 minutes to enjoy the quality of fish they have. Howard, is always willing to make whatever roll you desire. I have yet to find another sushi place that even comes close to the quality and size of the rolls. I HIGHLY recommend the Narita Airport Roll. I continuously brag about this place and take several Narita newbies there; No one is ever disappointed.
4	I was surprised to find this place because I have frequented this area for many years and never knew this place existed! It was late and my friend and I were pinched for time so we turned to Yelp to find a late night sushi place. Narita was open till 11:30 pm so it was the perfect place to chat over some sushi. I had a basic spicy crab roll. It was fresh and as good as others I've had. My friend ordered a crunchy roll but when it came out it wasn't crunchy. The waitress noticed it right away so she had it fixed for us. I was glad that they caught the mistake instead of us having to point it out.  I'd like to come back and try some of their other rolls because the food was tasty and they had good customer service.
5	This is a small restaurant that appears to be run by the owners.  My husband and I go there often and have always been treated well.  The japanese lasagna roll they make is the best I've found here and in Southern California.  My husband likes their tempura udon soup and claims the maguro tuna is fresh.  This has become our 'go to' sushi place.
2	Food was very dull. The fish was extremely salted and dry. If your trying to decide between this place or another..choose the other. Much better sushi down the street off Craig. Never going back again. -enough said
5	Sushi is my favorite thing on earth to eat (well...maybe it's neck and neck with chocolate).  They better have sushi in heaven or I'm not going.  I'm not much for raw fish, but there are a million kinds of sushi that are not raw (trust me you sushi neophytes).  So instead of sashimi I usually order rolls and Narita gives great rolls.  My favorite is the Japanese Lasagna roll (doesn't taste at all like lasagna).  Their's is the best I've found.  I like the service.  I think it's run by the owners.  The woman who usually waits on us is sweet.  It's a small place but clean and pleasant.  I just haven't had anything there that wasn't excellent!  P.S.  I've had the same experience that another reviewer had with the tea cup "floating around the table".  And it doesn't seem to matter which table we sit at.  Maybe the place is haunted!  Probably with the ghosts of ancient sushi chefs!!
2	I work close to this restaurant, so I was really hoping for awesome service. I mean, it'd be awesome if I had good sushi close to work, yeah? No.I walked and in placed my order (deep fried California, eel roll, Japanese lasagna) and was told it'd be about 30 minutes before my food was ready. I said sure, though I didn't understand why if only three tables had people. I returned 35 minutes later and was told the food was not done and would be a few more minutes. I was upset because I was kind of in a hurry, but decided to wait it out. 15 minutes later, out came my food. I asked the lady for extra ginger, and she said to me "No, you don't. Thanks!" FOR REAL. I took my order with me to work and decided I would judge based on the taste and quality of the food. I was pleased to find one of the containers had a ton of ginger, so that was good. That made me less unhappy. The food itself was mediocre at best, though the eel was good. Sucky food, bad service, and $32? No, thanks.
1	Awful service, this time around! It would be good if our hostess just informed us that some of the rolls ordered weren't available instead if making us wait with blank stares. The rolls are drenched in sauce that's not flattering to the palate at all. Though its been a while since I was last here, it seems that they've lost their edge & not conscious of the fact that we're here whilst everyone else in the restaurant is being served promptly. Very very upsetting.
1	Sadly, the quality of the sushi has diminished.  This WAS my favorite sushi place.  The last two times, the sushi was nowhere near the former quality.  Noticed a sign indicating open under new management.  I guess I need to start looking for a new favorite sushi in the NW area.
4	Must have the Super Crab roll! It's fantastic, it's close to my work so I tend to get take out sushi at night. Prices are decent and staff is always friendly.
2	So after going to Narita for a few years having Howard always making my sushi rolls and always being happy .. I went there 2/15/13 while under new management and was very disappointed ..  I ordered a airport roll off the menu that I have had there probably 100 times and when it arrived at the table it wasn't even close to the same thing and was not advised that it would be when I ordered it .. When I inquired about it I was told that Narita was under new management in a rude manor. Not what can I do to fix it .. I figured I would at least try it .. I could barley get one piece down before sending it back .. It tasted like crap and wasn't close to the original airport roll.. At that point still hungry I asked for my check and left .. The waitress knew that I was upset and never asked to make it right just asked if I wanted it boxed up to go .. I asked her why I would want to take it to go if I thought it tasted so bad to eat there .. And explained that I did not like it and I was still hungry and I was going some where else and would not be back .. Maybe Howard will read some of these reviews and come back before the restaurant goes under .. My advice is for all of you valued customers that used to love Narita: find a new favorite place for sushi .  Sorry to all of you .
1	CLOSED.Howard left this place and I dropped by today to check out the new owners. The business was empty, no chairs, no tables, no kitchen.
5	ATTN HOWARD REGULAR CUSTOMERS:Howard is now at Red Ginsing Narita Sushi located at Durango North and 215 in the  KOHLS shopping center! He is the sushi chef on Sundays but, the other chef James is AMAZING as well!! Seven years my boyfriend and I have been going to Howard and were so excited when we walked into this new place and saw him!!
