1	I have been battling Liberty Mutual over a $73 charge they sent to a collection agency for a renter's policy on an apartment I had vacated and no longer had a lease on more than 6 months earlier. Liberty Mutual not only did not process my request to have the insurance cancelled, they automatically renewed the insurance and then billed me for it! Without any warning, they forwarded the `bill' to a collection agency! Despite sending reams of documents to Liberty Mutual demonstrating that I had not lived in that state for more than 6 months prior to the insurance they renewed for me with no request on my behalf, they keep asking for more paperwork.Liberty Mutual's tactics are both predatory and bad business. I will never, ever buy any sort of policy from them again.
4	This company is mostly very good.  They have decent pricing for insurance on investment properties.  In eight years with them for up to nine properties, I have only had one claim, and they handled very quickly, no hesitation.  My main complaint with them is that their bills don't say which property it is for.  So if you only have one property, no problem.  But if you have several properties, you have to dig up and look up the policy number in all the paperwork and see what property it is for.  I have contacted them several times over the years, and they agree it can be improved, but they haven't done it yet.  Maybe this review will push them to do it, finally.  But overall, I'm happy with them.
1	The is not a complaint about anyone at this office, but Liberty Mutual in general, I received a letter from my work saying that we now get discounted auto insurance threw Liberty. I decided to get a quote from and maybe switch from Geico because I wasn't happy with the fact that Geico increase my rate $40 a month just because I moved to a different city in AZ. Please keep in mind that I'm 47yrs old, and wife is 43, we have never had any accidents or tickets so I was completely blown away with the rediculous price I was quoted threw them, I currently pay $166 with Geico, but Liberty Mutual wants me to 1127.71 a month, come on get real people, no one in there right mind would pay that crap. So I know that liberty don't care, but I have informed the company I work for Apex Systems of this so called BS discount, and we see what becomes of it. Liberty Mutual will NEVER have my business after this quote.
