2	well, Sun River...it's just about time to say goodbye. and I can't say I'm that sad about it.we've lived here for 2.5 years, and the service has deteriorated steadily. the staff is constantly changing, and they have grown ruder and more dismissive with every staff change.my complaints against Sun River could fill several pages, but I'll stick to the most outrageous offenses against its tenants:*back in February, while we were out, maintenance entered our apartment with NO notice, NO emergency, and NO permission. they called us AFTER the fact, to let us know what they had done. (to anyone who doesn't know, what they did is ILLEGAL).*they permanently locked the walk-through gate which leads onto Kyrene Rd(the only way for tenants to easily get across the street, to Fresh&Easy). their excuse? it was 'dangerous', since the gate was constantly open. they refused to replace the lock with a lock which tenants could open with their maintenance key. and guess what? they haven't closed the walk-through gate which leads onto Baseline Rd(on the other side of the complex).*they now CHARGE $5 per month for parking. f*cking ridiculous.*tenants are now required to have Renters' Insurance.*oh, and when we moved in, there was no microwave, and no cable outlet(for, say, internet) in the bedroom. the original office manager authorized a cable extension for the bedroom, which Cox Cable installed. last month, however, the newest office manager informed us that we would need to reroute that cable extension(which runs along the outside wall of the building) through the roof of our building instead. luckily, they weren't stupid enough to pursue this, as we weren't about to pay to have Cox reroute the connection, nor were we about to change the layout of our bedroom, 2 months before our lease ends.*WORST OF ALL: 2 summers in a row, our A/C has broken. we have cats, and they've suffered because of the poor maintenance. this summer, as our A/C began to lag, we WARNED them that it was breaking, and they refused to fix it("We can't do preventative work; we have to wait until it breaks.") As a result, our electric bill for this past July/August, and LAST July/August have been ASTRONOMICAL. they refused to compensate us more than $100(when they actually owed us around $180), even though we showed them the APS charts documenting the spike in cost/usage, which correlated to the lagging/broken A/C. when it broke, this past summer(late on a sweltering Saturday night), we called the emergency maintenance line and GOT NO RESPONSE. the cats panted, and I slept fitfully on the kitchen floor, while hubby stayed up all night, too hot to sleep. by the time the office opened the next morning, it was 100 degrees in our apartment. we went into the office, and were told that  'the emergency maintenance number had changed'. REALLY? well why, when you call the office, does it direct you to a supposedly-defunct emergency maintenance line?! un-freaking-believable. in conclusion: Thank GOD we are moving. yes, we're moving to the middle of no where, and I'm going to miss Tempe, but I am so glad to get out of these god-awful apartments.
5	My husband and I moved in to this complex in March of 13. We were impressed by Audrey the property manager right away. She was very patient with us and seemed pretty willing to help us find a good fit for both our budget and our lifestyle. The pools are fair. Nothing exceptionalThe hot tub is indoors which is different. The gym is very small but the equipment is in good orderThere is a volleyball court and a tennis court which I've never used but I see people enjoying themselves. There's also a small playground for the kiddies. There is a small dog park at the back of the complex which my dogs adore. The laundry rooms are seriously lacking. I feel like one or two of the machines are always down. Also the phone number for service is a dead end... I've lost more than a couple of bucks in the machines. My husbands bike was stolen a few weeks ago but I think that's Tempe and not Suncadia fault. Our 3 bedroom floor plan is amazing and even has a fireplace. The best part when we moved in... The maids left a roll of toilet paper in each bathroom. Talk about making me feel home and loved the first day I moved in. Potential renters in Tempe start and end your search here!
1	Welcome to apartment hell. Sure, the rent is a good price and hey, in the day light the place doesn't look half bad. The common areas are decorated fashionably, there is a cute little park and a Fresh and Easy within walking distance- but that is about all that is good about this place.While living here we had to deal with neighbor's garbage sitting on the landing (sometimes blocking our door) for days- until my boyfriend took it out himself. The down stairs neighbors were always blasting music, screaming and yelling at each other or running power tools inside their apartment. The staff often refused to work with us, they wouldn't do anything about the angry noisy neighbors, until my bf finally had to call the police because the screaming got so scary. They day my bf turned in the keys, someone shot his girlfriend and neighbor in the parking lot. If you are considering moving here, try somewhere else. (This place was called Suncadia while I was there, but the address is 505 W. Baseline so the name may have changed. )
1	The new management just took over this place and already it's causing big-time problems. They are making changes to resident agreements, regardless of how long the residents have been there. If you were looking for a place with positive customer service this is not the place to go. Also if you are motivated by the price of these apartments you may want to look a little bit further... once all of the fees add up for your monthly rent you may as well be in a luxury apartment complex. In this case you don't get what you pay for... You get less. And don't assume that just because you like the model that you will like your actual apartment because it is not the same.
1	After reading various reviews online, I couldn't more with those whom stated that this community was exceptional at first but has gone completely down hill. I'm a veteran at 505 West and I'm giving complete honest feedback. I myself become more and more unhappy the longer I'm here. I too have made a huge mistake renewing my lease.Management and staff do not provide good customer service at all, maintenance does an absolute horrible job at completing task correctly, If you have issues with loud disrespectful neighbors, staff will tell you that if the issues aren't taking place within quiet hours, there is nothing they can do to help you. Last but not least, there always seems to be small errors on behalf of staff which cases a huge problem for the resident. At this point, I would never refer anyone to live here and as soon as I have the opportunity to void my agreement, I will never return. Also, there are much nicer complexes within the area that are much nicer for same price if not cheaper.
3	I lived here from December 2013 to December 2014, back when it was called Suncadia. All in all, its pretty much what you would expect from any huge, ant-farm style apartment complex that go for around 600 a month. Lots of people, old appliances, and generic styling as far as flooring, cabinets, etc. The photos that they post on Yelp are somewhat misleading. They're photos of one of the models that has been upgraded on pretty much every level. But, thats to be expected i guess. I'm not sure how much they paid Nicole S. to leave such a bullshit review, but I'm just gonna give it to you straight, kiddies.The good... Its pretty inexpensive. I'm not sure what one reviewer meant when she said that "once all of the fees add up for your monthly rent you may as well be in a luxury apartment." My rent was 570, and after tax and utilities (everything but power and cable) it came out to be around 620 a month. Please tell me what luxury apartment goes for 620, because Ive already got my bags packed...Everyone I met or ran into around the complex seemed decent enough. My neighbors all seemed pretty cool, just normal, friendly people. Pretty diverse complex. The landscaping is by far the best I've seen from any apartment complex in this price range. Green grass, plants and flowers everywhere, big shady trees (hey, i care about that stuff)...  I thought that the maintenence staff did a great job. My AC went out late in the day during June (it was probably 90 degrees in my apartment when i get home from work... I didn't get much sleep that night), and it was fixed by the time i got home from work the next day. I was tempted to bake them a batch of cookies, but I wasn't sure if they get drug tested or not.The not so good... I guess the worst part is the location. It is on the corner of the shittiest intersection in all of Tempe. And i don't mean that its run-down, or that theres  hookers or dealers roaming around; its the rush hour traffic. It is damn near impossible to get in this place between 8 and 9 in the morning and 5-6 in the afternoon. There is only one way in, and thats off of Baseline. They have exit gates on the east side of the complex, but for whatever reason they won't open them to let people IN. It would be a hell of a lot easier for people if those gates were open. Im sure its for safety/security reasons, but honestly I would have taken the trade-off. Just lock your doors, people... I personally never had any problems with the staff, but my wife said that she had problems dealing with Brian (the office manager) when we were trying to get our service dog approved to live with us. She said he was an asshole. But she calls me an asshole all the time and we're married, so take that with a grain of salt... One month, I forgot to pay my rent on the 1st and paid on the 2nd, and a few days later they put a notice on my door saying that I owed 75 bucks for a late fee. I paid it without making a big deal, but months later after looking at my lease I noticed that it said I had until the 4th to pay my rent, and after that they would charge me the 75 bucks. Yeah, it was my fault for not knowing, but kinda shady on their end to charge me the 75 knowing exactly what their policy was. Oh, well. Pocket change, bitches.A few things worth noting...Some douche in a silver colored Chevy pickup with oversized rims and dark limo tint always parks in other peoples assigned spots. He is about 5 foot 6, 145 pounds, and his ego weighs twice as much...the washing machines eat your quarters... all of the teenagers who live there usually hang out on the west end of the complex and leave their garbage and used condoms in the grass. Don't get me wrong, I remember what it was like to be a teenager and not have a place to bone- down with whatever floozy I was hanging out with at the time, but pick up after yourselves, dummies... if you have a dog, they'll try to charge you 15 bucks if they see you not picking up its poop. i usually picked it up and put it in the little garbage right in front of the Leasing Office as my own form of protest. Yeah, I'm tough like that...I guess thats it. oh, one last thing, I'm still waiting for them to mail me my deposit back. No rush, 505West, I'll probably just use that money to buy weed.
