3	Finally a restaurant I have tried in Glendale (see Bitzee Mama's and Kimberly Ann reviews for more info) that wasn't too bad.  Granted it's a chain...but one that provides decent artery-clogging, old-style American cuisine.We got in and out fairly quickly on a Friday night around 5:30ish.  That was important to us because we were heading to the Cards preseason game.  We also picked Cracker Barrel because it is on the north side of Glendale Ave and it would be easier and quicker to navigate back to the Brown parking lot on 91st.  Hubbie didn't want to try and hit anything in the Westgate because of possibly getting snarled in traffic as we tried to get to our parking lot.Both hubbie and I got the fish fry.  It was better than the fish I had at Zipp's.  The daughter and I really like the Cracker Barrel coleslaw.  The son liked his chicken fried chicken.Most of the games will be on a Sunday, so I am not sure if we will repeat our visit to Cracker Barrel.  I am assuming that Sunday's are probably busy days for them.  But if the parking lot looks reasonable, we will probably eat there at least one other time for a home game.
4	Great choice for comfort food served in big portions.  Definitely not for the low-calorie crowd, but you leave with a good feeling in your stomach.Had the chicken noodle soup and the country fried steak and they were both great! The connected store seems a little hokey but its stocked with stuff that will make some feel a little nostalgic with its down-home vibe.  Tough to resist picking up some candies, chocolates, and sweets after we finished our dinner.
4	Came here after a very rough night, and not due to drinking. I've been saying for years that as far as breakfast goes at a chain restaurant, Cracker Barrel is where it's at!! Their breakfast is old school southern style. Biscuits and gravy, grits, pork chops and hashbrown casserole. A meal fit for a redneck king!! The service was cheery and pleasant, which we needed after our depressing night. I would come here everyday for breakfast and not even give a shit about my cholesterol levels!!Kudos Cracker Barrel.
5	Cracker Barrel is one of those places I would  try and live at if they let me.I live in California, so I have to cross state lines to get to one, but we do it.It's just that good.The lumberjack breakfast is one of the best country style breakfasts I've had hands-down.This is a great place to go in a large group, and we often do.
3	Ok, so I guess no matter how many times I have seen one of these restaurants pop up on my searches for breakfast, I have never gone. This time, it was just the best option. So, when we walked right into this cute funky store with all kinds of knick knacks, I was a little surprised. The store and restaurant on the inside look like an old barn with great southern antiques and the like all over. There are lanterns for lights and the place has a neat feel to it.We were seated quickly and the restaurant was quite crowded. We were conveniently seated near some baseball photos and antiques. Our waitress came by quickly to let us know she would be with us in a few minutes and then came to take our drink orders. COFFEE! After a 430 am awakening, it was well needed. The menu had a lot of things on it and the prices were CHEAP. The options were not so creative, but very southern and hearty. We ordered the Old Timer Breakfast and the Mamas Pancake Special. The Old Timer came with 2 eggs, grits, biscuits and gravy, turkey sausage, and fried apples (which the waitress told me are baked with cinnamon and lots of sugar... probably butter too seeing the calories.) The Mamas Pancake dish came with pancakes, which we substituted blueberry pancakes, bacon, and eggs. It seemed like it took about 30 minutes for our breakfast to come. We did get frequent coffee refills, but we were starving and it just plane took forever. Finally, it all came and we dug in. We were just starving and over coffee'd by this point. I was overly enthusiastic about my grits and gobbled them down with a little sweetener. Standard grits, but they were good by me. The apples were good, but nothing to write home about for less than a cup of apples with gooey sauce for 184 calories. I did like my turkey sausage patty, but gave the second one to SG. SG's pancakes were just ok, but it was a nice touch that they offered sugar free syrup as well as blueberry.Overall, it hit the spot because we were hungry. But, if there is a better reviewed location anywhere we are looking for a meal, we will likely go there. This place is just average, but very very CHEAP. My plate was only $6.39 (grits, eggs, apples, sausage, 2 biscuits and gravy). The servings are HUGE for the price. So if you are looking for quantity over quality, this is your place. Nothing too creative, just lots of it.
4	Dumplings, Chicken fried steak with gravy. What more can you ask for. The satff was friendly and fast, Cant wait to try it again.
4	Cracker Barrel serves old fashioned comfort food and sells old fashioned candy and toys in its attached gift shop.   Both are a treat.  They are well known for their chicken and dumplings - you can order them as an entree or as one of the two or three vegetables you get with your entree.  I always order as an entree because they are so good.   Green beans are also good - and on Thursdays sweet potato casserole is one of the many vegetable choices.   The gift shops sells pretty much every old time candy you can think of - this time I bought Clove gum and Mallomars.   We also found old fashioned toys like balloon-powered trains.   All in all, it's fun to eat and shop there.  My only complaint is that they only serve the sweet potato casserole once a week!
1	Service was painfully inadequate.  Waitress served everything at once (bread, salads, entrees), forgot the kids beverages, and forgot my side dishes.  I tried the Saturday special: chicken and rice, which was colorless and slopped on a plate, reminding me of prison food!  Since the waitress forgot the sides, it was a sad presentation, and served lukewarm.  No fresh fruit was available.  I always love the Cracker Barrel gift shop, hence the one star ...
2	Had the fish and chips, and was underwhelmed.  My nephew and his wife seemed to enjoy their food... and the BLT salad I brought back to my friend was delicious... wish I would have gotten that instead of the fish and chips.  Our server was below par... nothing special, and would not go there again.
5	All I am going to say is their hash brown casserole is the best thing since sliced bread....and the sliced bread isn't bad either.  This place is pretty consistent, never eaten hear for lunch or dinner but it is a top 2-3 places for me to have breakfast.  I also love the market store in front...I always buy my stocking stuffers for the kids here every year.
5	My ABSOLUTE favorite.Came all the way from LA CA just to have some delicious breakfast.
4	This Cracker Barrel is very clean, well ran, good food and some very good employees.  The breakfast here is better than "The Good Egg" and also better then "Denny's" in my humble opinion.  Some recommendations:  Moma's Pancake Breakfast ~ You get three buttermilk pancakes, two eggs cooked to order with your choice of any fruit topping or syrup. I usually go for the hot fried apples with an extra side of their maple syrup as a filler.  This is served with smoked sausage patties, turkey sausage patties or thick-sliced bacon.  This is a HUGE breakfast full of carb's so be prepared to walk it off afterwards!  Another recommendation is their Grandpa's Country Fried Breakfast ~ You get two Eggs cooked to order with grits, gravy and buttermilk biscuits, oh ya, and get their  Apple Butter to go with the biscuits. It also comes with your choice of fried Apples or hashbrown casserole, go for the hashbrown casserole and their country fried steak.  This is enough food for two people!!  Yes this is a chain, but this Crackle Barrel is worth it.  They are consistent  with their execution in preparing their breakfast dishes and their services is very good.  Maybe I will see you there!
5	Great food and service! Country food at its best!
2	The atmosphere was great here...very country. The service was awesome and the food was piping hot!The quality of the food was very generic though. I don't think the cooks are at fault here, it's just the way the food was bought. **Think cafeteria food... no flavor, bulk items, and pretty....well generic.** Keep in mind, you're paying for the experience, not so much the food. Try Bill Johnson's, they seem to have a better food.
5	It was busy, but we were greeted and seated promptly. Our server was prompt and friendly. My wife ordered the CB sampler with dumplings, meat loaf, and ham. I ordered the country fryed stake. All the food was good except the meat loaf that was bland.
4	As you can tell from my reviews, I'm a big fan of the Cracker Barrel. Yes, it's totally a chain restaurant and each one is exactly the same as the next. Whether you're in Deerfield Beach FL, Emporia VA or Glendale AZ, you really can't tell! It's the same Southern style menu (fried okra!) and the same friendly staff and the same shop full of trinkets that I'm sure are only as gifts for grandchildren!Even though it was dinnertime, my stomach wanted breakfast. There's nothing wrong with that at the Barrel, where they hand you the lunch/dinner menu as well as the breakfast one. Eggs, biscuits, grits. What's not to love?
5	Love it
4	The service is what makes this place a restaurant worth returning.  This Glendale location is better than the ones closer to my house.
5	Dear Cracker Barrel,Where have you been all my life? Love,JenThis has got to be one of the best finds in a long long time. I've been told that they don't exist in CA so I had the pleasure of dining here on a work trip. Talk about good ole home cooked meals with a southern taste. This place not only has fantastic and affordable dishes but they are delish. Their service was impeccable and I had such a great time wandering the fun lobby filled with candy and toys from back in the day. If you love comfort food don't pass up this place.
4	Never been a big breakfast guy and I vastly prefer lunch and dinner.  My lactose intolerance has a lot to do with that, but time management plays a key factor as well as I usually just need something quick to eat before running out the door to work which limits the amount of breakfast I eat in general.In planning to visit Arizona to see my Eagles play a terrible game of football against the Cardinals, I was extremely excited to see a Cracker Barrel was located nearby.  Cracker Barrel has this aura surrounding it much like Chick-Fil-A (religious beliefs notwithstanding) in that I hear so many people talk about how much they love it that I've been wanting to try it for quite a while and this seemed like a perfect opportunity.  On the Monday following the game, I decided to go with my dad and brother to visit this location and drown the sorrows of our team's horrible performance in some gravy and egg yolk.  I get the hype now.  I was actually a little surprised to see a very standard menu full of typical breakfast foods like eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, and the like.  I don't know why exactly but I always assumed that they must offer some sort of atypical breakfast fare for people to be as in love with it as they were.  Instead the major decision to be made seems to be in deciding which one of 8 or so combinations of those standard items you want on your plate.  I went with Grandpa's country fried steak breakfast because I hadn't had one in years and it sounded soul-soothing and spirit raising all at once.  It came with some eggs cooked to order (Sunny side up), biscuits with gravy, a choice of hashbrown casserole or fried apples (went with the hash), and a bowl of grits on the side.  I thought every single item tasted like a very fine version.   The biscuits were warm, fluffy, and deliciously buttery.  The country fried steak was a huge portion completely smothered in a fantastic creamy gravy.  The hashbrown casserole tasted all sorts of cheesy and potato-y and it all went well with the perfectly runny sunny side up eggs.   Yes, I have lactose intolerance, and yes, this was not a well advised meal for me (I apologize to my dad, brother, and anyone who might have come in contact with me for the next several hours after).   The only thing I wasn't too high on was the grits, but I don't really know if I like grits period so I'm not a good judge on that.   The real reason I think cracker barrel is so popular though is the price.  All that I mentioned above cost I believe $6.95.  Just an absolute steal for the price and the amount of food you get.   Service was impeccable.   Friendly, quick, and quick to bring out refills.  While cracker barrel couldn't erase the inept offense the Eagles displayed the day before, it helped this fan's morale (and slight hangover) the next morning and comes highly recommended!
4	Typical Cracker Barrel.  Lots of people but we were seated fairly quickly.  Service was good, noise level was about average but it was quiet enough to have a conversation despite the place being packed.  Food was typical breakfast food a la grill, large portions.  Since when do you get an individual bottle of syrup -or- a side?  Parking was fine, this one is conveniently by the stadium so there are parking lots and large stores everywhere.   Would I go back?  Probably.
5	Anytime the wife and I crave for a good comforting breakfast, we always end up here.  When we go on the weekends right before noon, the place is usually busy.  With being only a party of two, we normally get seated pretty quickly.  The staff here are always very friendly and on top of their game.  Never had bad service during the times we've went.  The food is always good.  The wifes favorite is the roast beef dinner which is a MUST try!!  I like ordering from their breakfast menu.  The country fried steak breakfast is delicious!!
5	I am overall very impressed with the Cracker Barrel brand, but what makes any one location better than another is the service.  We've never had bad service here, and I've been here more times than my check-ins would indicate.  The breakfast is as good as most higher priced places.  The only set-back is how crowded it gets, but that's just part of going to Cracker Barrel.  Everyone loves it.  Their servers are usually top notch.  I've got nothing bad to say about this location.
5	Love this place we have been coming here since it first opened. The staff treat you  like family and take the time to great you and see how you are doing... I would recommend this place to anybody...
5	Love this place!  From Arizona to Tennessee I have visited and never had a bad meal! Good ole' comfort food! The tastiest food. Great presentation, they care! Hot syrup! Seperate plates for eggs & pancakes, Frosty mugs for milk.  Fun shopping while you wait or after you eat!
5	Black berry French toast is by far the best thing for breakfast. Good food always.
5	My go to place when I leave California.  Comfort, carb loaded and cardiac arrest about to happen food!!  I've never left hungry, and I love their sides.The Mama's pancakes were great.. even drenched in syrup.  The chicken fried chicken, chicken and rice, and roast beef were great too.I've yet to try something I didn't like, and the service is always friendly. Not always attentive.. but friendly.
2	I have been to several Cracker Barrels, and expect pretty much the same quality food and decent service.  Tonight's experience was terrible.  Stephanie W, our waitress never refilled our glasses.  We had to flag her down, several times, to get her attention.  She brought only 2 biscuits for 2 people, and when we asked for more, she told us that was all we could have.  Soup was cold, we had to send it back. I think it was b/c she brought it late (after the entree was brought).  My grilled catfish was very small, and undercooked.  It was a lackluster meal, at best.
2	The atmosphere is great. One of waiters is less than friendly. We realize it's not a steak house but my sister asked for medium rare sirloin it came out medium we'll. we kindly sent it back and the second time it came out well done.The food was not good and I will not be returning.
2	Sitting here 30 mins before waitress says they are out of chicken salad and it will be 10 more mins.  That was 20 mins ago.  Then they bring food and they are out of cornbread.  Food was mediocre.  Manager comped entire meal.
3	Is it me or are the portions getting smaller????  The fried apples only has 4 slices of apples.  Also, the bacon was undone.
4	I loved how I walked in, it was like a mall. They had everything.  Clothes to shoes, and to candies and other junk. I love it all. I got the Mamas breakfast I believe. I shared with my boyfriends daughter. She loved the sausage and bacon, then again, she's five. She loves everything.  Lolz. the pancakes was so good. They even had their own syrup little bottle, super cute. Boyfriend got the french toast. Ehhh. Not my thang. Too bland for me. Im picky about my french toast. So that was a negative. I didn't like how we had to pay up front, it was kind of confusing. . People can easily walk out. Smh. Didn't like that whole concept. Yes, I'll come backk :)
3	This morning I had breakfast here and it was not my cup of tea! I've had dinner here before and it was delicious!!! Place is good for dinner but I wouldn't recommended breakfast! Pork chop was dry, tough and tasteless. Biscuits were super tiny. Hashbrowns were soggy. Gravy and the apple butter jam was really good! Place is nice though, staff was great and the little "market" as you walk in is great! I love going through everything. This was just not a stop I would make for breakfast.
2	I thought the waitress was kidding when she brought my chicken fried chicken meal. I looked like a child's portion. Hardly any mashed potatoes and barely any gravy on the steak or potatoes. My 4 yr old son loves hamburgers but he didn't want to finish his because it was too dry. I'm only speaking for what I ordered but Bill Johnson's Big Apple portions are much better. The okra and biscuits were awesome though.
2	Birthday Lunch for 4 of my Friends = w Group From a Church.. = Sunday 30 MarchAs a Person who was a Restaurant Employee at One time..I was Disappointed on this Visit..  it was my first time at Cracker Barrel Restaurant..we had a Large Crowd as Our Group From Vineyard Church N Phx came by as My Friends Celebrated 4 birthdays Sunday w Brunch..our Party was a total of 18..the Big Reason I am Giving a 2Star Rating is Because.. :: We  Had 2 Servers and took a while for all the Orders to get to our table.:: They Had a hard time Remembering what our Orders were.   so The Waiter(s) Had to ask us "Who Had the .. __ ? "   they almost got the Orders mixed up .. they Forgot i had 1 more side..;; The Food was ok other wise but i thought the Portions were avage size like at another Comparable Place.. Like V.Inn.
4	Man sized portions is what you get at Cracker Barrel! The chicken fried steak is fantastic and oversized to the point that you can't help but to smile when you see it. The gravy is the same as their biscuits  and gravy which is thick and delicious.I will not go here with out getting at least one side of their apple butter for the biscuits as well. The food is a home cooked meal type of food and reminds me of my mom's cooking.You get the feeling that you are in a log cabin or an older country home with the decorations all around. The old county store that you walk into upon entering the restaurant  is peaceful and relaxing itself. Just going to eat here is like a vacation that makes me want to move to the country, and feel sorry for what society has become.
4	When it's time for comfort food, there's no better place than here.  We hadn't visited in a while, so decided to head on in.  It was kinda late on Friday night, so it wasn't overly crowded...just the way we like it.We sat down and ordered our drinks.  We then placed our order:  I got the meatloaf dinner with mashed potatoes (no gravy), sweet baby carrots (love, love, love them!) and steamed broccoli.  Hubby got the Fish Fry--Friday night special--catfish with cole slaw and sweet baby carrots (he loves them, too).  We both ordered the biscuits with our meal.  While we waited, we played the little triangle/peg game they have on all the tables.  I will never be able to figure that thing out...I always end up with 3!!Our biscuits were brought out with our meal, we both expected them to be brought out earlier, but...whatever.  They were still hot, flaky and delicious.Hubby's fried catfish was more like fish tenders than a filet.  There were probably about a filet and a half worth of tenders, and he said they were delicious.  My meatloaf was really tasty, the mashed potatoes were perfect, the carrots I can't even tell you how sweet and tender they were and the steamed broccoli was really steamed!  What I mean is...sometimes, broccoli will come out almost raw and hard, with huge florets.  These were bite-size, tender and a perfect complement to everything else.My only disappointment was on the top of the meatloaf.  Usually there's a ketchup-type glaze or sauce over it.  Well, this had actual ketchup literally just poured on the top.  It almost seemed like an afterthought, they took the bottle and squirted it on just as it left the kitchen...it was even somewhat cold.  I ended up scraping it off, because it really inhibited the flavor of the meatloaf.Other than my little ketchup issue, everything else was wonderful and comforting.
3	Overpriced and they do not butter my bread. I have had bad experiences with all the ones I went to
1	Worst. Visit. Ever.I ordered chicken fried chicken, I got country fried steak. Once that got corrected, my chicken was burnt and dry. My corn was mushy. My mother's country fried steak was dry. My brother found an eyelash in his eggs. My sister in law had old vegetables. Our server was great, no complaints there. The kitchen needs to fix it up though!
5	Great service and great food. We came for breakfast today but had to leave due to an emergency before our food came out, they were more than happy to bag our stuff quickly so we could be in our way. I really love their lemonade, it is hard to find good lemonade sometimes. My wife loves their pecan pancakes. Only downfall, no military discount, and there tends to be more rude and closeted racist at this restaurant than most, I guess it has a lot to do with the name. Maybe I'll have better luck for lunch, I'm going to Mein Kampf Eatery, should work out great!
4	Cracker Barrel makes EVERYTHING from scratch.  I know this because my son got his University degree by working at two different ones, and he's a total foodie today.I can say I have never had a bad meal there, BUT when you go right after lunch and they have already run out of the daily special pot pies on a Wednesday--ok, I get that one--but they also ran out of the apple cobbler dessert which is not one of the specials....well, tsk, tsk,..bad planning.So, I am deleting one star for the running out of food.  This particular Cracker Barrel is located across from Westgate Mall, so I think that is why it is so popular.  Still and all, the Manager should know how much to order for the crowds he gets, and this has happened before when I went there with someone.People:  Not sure whether to thank you for eating all those fantastically delicious apple cobblers with ice cream for me (I don't need them and shouldn't be eating them anyway) or to be irritated that they run out all the time.However, the food at Cracker Barrel really is good in general.  Eat there!  But leave some apple cobbler for me!!!!
5	Don't bother with the overpriced places near the stadium.  If you are looking for breakfast before the game, walk about a 1/2 a mile here!  Cheap, good and great service all in the air conditioning, what more could you ask for?
1	I would give no star if I could. I was with my pregnant wife and my 3 year old son and they called our name after waiting 30 minutes. They called our names and we went up but the hostess  rudely told us some one else with the same name already took our spot and we were not up yet. I asked for her to check and again was rudely spoken to being told I need to stop talking. She eventually checked where my spot was in the list and she realized she did in deed give our spot to the wrong person. Staff was disrespectful and could care less about their customers. Needless to say we will not be putting any more of our money at this restaurant.
1	Terrible customer service. Was treated to rudely in front of my child and husband. Will never go here again. I recommend finding a different restaurant.
4	Cracker Barrel offers a good country style food.It's better than cafeteria food with a country store attached to the restaurant.This is not a high end but will fill your gut.
5	Love this place great service even with a party of 24 they were fast, patience and extremely pleasant. Everything was so good especially the pan cakes. I got the Sunrise Sampler and order the sweet ham not salty you will not regret it. The cheesy hash was oh so good and of coarse the Apple Butter!
1	Terrible service. Gave our table away to the wrong people and was rude when we asked when we were up. Made me my pregnant wife and my 3 year old wait for nothing but being treated rudely by the woman seating people. I would skip this restaurant.
5	I love this place! It was very busy today so the wait was unusually long due to the Holliday however the food and service we received was worth the wait. Their lemonade is basically sent from the heavens and eggs over medium is the only way to go. Apple butter on toast is their signature and the little store up front helps to pass the time while we waited for a table. The service was great even though the waitress was very busy and they double sat her. I love this place so much and I will for sure be coming back and recommend it to anyone :)
