4	Attended a Private Event at the Angel Park Golf Club, which the Club House serves a dual purpose as both a Restaurant and an Special Event Center.Private Event menu...Angel Park House Salad - Radicchio, Iceberg Lettuce, Romaine Lettuce, Tomatoes, Cucumbers, Croutons, Feta / Vinaigrette. (***) There have only been a few occasions where I have lauded a House Salad. I've gone back and recollected why a basic House Salad is better than some others... it's the addition of slivers of Raw Onions, Garbanzo Beans and / or Kidney Beans, and most importantly a profundity of Dressing! Entree - Duo of Pan Seared Beef Tenderloin Medallion and Classic Chicken Breast - Merlot Butter, Cherry Balsamic Reduction, Creamy Lemon Herb Sauce, Roasted Red Potatoes, and Fresh Asparagus. (**** 1/2) Everyone was raving about the Tenderloin Medallion... "how tender", "moist", "you can cut it with a butter knife"... on, and on, and on. But there was also "two bites...", "three bites", "so small", "more Medium than Medium Rare". Luckily, for me, the person seated next to me thought that her Beef was too rare... Hey, I'll take a donation of Beef anytime! The Beef I had was cooked towards Medium, the donated Beef was Medium Rare... Again, it's pretty hard to control the Entree for 300 people. The Chicken fillet was also very, very tender.Warm Rolls & Butter (** 1/2) Cold... but serving close to 300 people, that was expected.Dessert - Red Velvet, Amaretto Mousse Cake (*** 1/2) Dry. Again, the result of having it served last and probably sitting for hours. The moistness was totally gone by the time the Cake was served. Nice color contrast, though, of the Dark Red Cake versus the Cream colored frosting...Positives -Architecturally oriented so that the Cocktail / Patio area is facing the Sunset from the West... very romantic.On a Golf Course - A Golf Course is one of the few Green areas in this city. Pass-through Bar Window to the Patio / Cocktail area.Looked like there could be three or four simultaneous Events going on at the same time with Wall partitions that could be moved or arranged.Small Portable 20' x 20' Parquet Wood Dance Floor. Large enough for  a couple, three dozen couples. And small enough to get "lost" in on the floor...Window Walls where it matters most... facing the West and North... nice views of the very Green Golf Course and the Setting Sun.Well-stocked Bar. You know Golfers... After the Practice Putting Green, the Practice Driving Range, Ninth Hole, after a Round... you've gotta have a round of Drinks!Proficiency with Events - talked with some of the Event Staff... starting with the Spring, there are Special Events held weekly through the Summer. Quite busy.Negatives, not many  -Maximum number of Diners - around 300.Lack of synchronization between TVs - The organizers of the Event wanted a Slide Show that could be controlled via a computer or DVD player to all the Flat Screen TVs around the Club House. - Not Possible. I was very surprised that this was not possible with the technology available nowadays. Probably too much trouble for this one event...You're not going to get too many views of the night-time lights of Las Vegas. The Club House is oriented more towards the Golf Course / Mountains than the City.Weather of Las Vegas - The Wind from the West coming down from the mountains in this area can reach 40-50mph... not kidding! Luckily for this event, the wind did not pick up till well after Sunset. You have to take your chances with an event here...
4	Terrific!
4	I'm going to United Blood Services to give platelets this afternoon and I needed to stop after an appointment for breakfast.  When I passed Angel Park Golf Club on the way to the appointment, I realized I could go there on the way home.  There was only one other table occupied, so this was a slow morning for them compared to how crowded it is on weekends.  I ordered the Salsa Verde skillet which is described this way on their menu--Spicy chorizo sausage and home fries with melted cheddar and Monterey jack cheese smothered with our homemade Salsa Verde, topped with two eggs any style and flour tortillas.I passed on the tortillas and had rye toast instead.  The skillet was very good!  The home fries were very hot with lots of cheese on them.  The salsa verde and the chorizo went well with the potatoes to make a super skillet.  I had coffee with my breakfast.Service was excellent--it should be with the lack of people.  I had the feeling that my server would have been very attentive on a busier day, too!The views toward the Las Vegas mountain range with Gass Peak in the distance and the plantings and waterfalls at the course make for a pretty setting.  I'm going to come back in the spring when it's warmer and eat on the patio.  That will be grand!
4	Teresa is a fantastic woman and great Wedding Coordinator!I had my wedding at Angel Park back in November 2011.  Fantastic event and beautiful atmosphere.  Food was economical and DELICIOUS!  Braised short ribs were to DIE for!
3	Now, I was there for a meeting, so that may color my impression.  The meeting room had a movable wall on one side and it was quite loud with all the golfers eating and hanging out at the bar at 9 am.  We were served buffet style:Breakfast was juice, coffee, tea, fruit and danishes.  The mixed fruit was tasty and the coffee was decent and strong.Lunch was sandwiches and pasta salad.  Those of us (yes, more an one person) on glutton free diets struggled to find something to work with.  Would it have been too much trouble to have actual salad available?  I put a couple of slices of meat on a pile of lettuce and had more fruit. In all, I found the food to be eh.  The server was excellent.  She can into the room numerous times to check on everything.  She even provided us with to go cups.
5	Location and view alone would probably earn 5 stars. A good friend of mine took me here and I have been there only once so far but I really loved sitting outside and enjoying the view. I ordered half of a sandwich and soup and they both were pretty good. But I think if you go there you have to go when it's nice out, because sitting on the terrace makes up more than half of the experience. While there, my friend and I got a little lost in conversation and stayed there for a long time.Our server was very helpful and friendly and didn't rush us out at all. I would definitely go back there on a nice spring or Fall day in Las Vegas. Also perfect for a date.
