3	This is a spotless and super friendly Mom & Pop joint so I want to be a positive as I can.The Donuts are very good.They make their own fresh pastry cream so if you like those kind of donuts you are in luck.But the coffee was weak And burned from being on the hot plate too long.The "chocolate" frosting has so little cocoa in it it's a pale brown and gritty from sugar.In the case the bagels seemed lost in translation and the croissant criminally undercooked.Still the donuts are fresh as fresh can be and very tasty.The Apple fritters looked amazing.4 donuts for $2.99 was a good deal.Maybe when you go the coffee will be fresher.
5	Super clean shop. The person running the shop came out and washed his hands before helping us, which makes me happy. The doughnuts taste great and the price is good- $7.99 for a dozen. We will be back.
5	Hands down, the best donuts I have had in Las Vegas. Made fresh daily on property. Not too sweet like Krispy Kreme nor too dry like dunkin donuts. Perfect. Service is always above average. Anthony the owner is a very kind man who remembers faces. Go here. Now.
5	Wow. Just... WOW.We stopped in to order 8 dozen donuts for my son's Eagle Scout project. Since it was a large order, we figured we'd give them some notice so they'd be sure to have enough on-hand the next morning. Their dozens actually have 14 donuts each - so we wound up getting over 9 dozen for the price of 8.The owners couldn't have been nicer to us. Since we'd never been there, the young lady at the counter gave us a free sample... and they were AWESOME. Even at 2pm, they were FRESH. I requested 8 dozen "cheap" donuts. (My budget was at the breaking point by then. LOL)When we pulled up the next morning, the donuts were boxed and ready for us... and we could smell how fresh they were!  Imagine our surprise when we opened the boxes on-site and discovered not "cheap" donuts, but a beautiful assortment - frosted, long johns, jelly-filled... pretty much some of everything!  Yes, you can get cheaper donuts at the grocery store, but I guarantee you, you will NOT get this freshness, quality or taste there!
5	Amazing. Hands down one of the best donut shops in Vegas. Everything is fresh and delicious. Support your local small businesses!
5	Wonderful, tasty doughnuts! Great texture and flavor. Fresh and not too cloyingly sweet. Their custard filling has such a nice flavor and the apple fritters are awesome. Good prices, good selection, friendly service, and a clean place. I love it that they always wash their hands before serving you. They are my go to place whenever I need a doughnut fix! Yum!
