5	Turn off Amazon, get off your couch, and visit this great little neighborhood bookstore! They have a wonderful variety of used books, and keep some newer stuff in stock as well. If you can't find it, they will gladly order it for you. Excellent place to browse with a cup of coffee or tea on a winter day.
5	I found this place in late 2012 and have since been back four or five times, each time enjoying the experience. For the shop's modest size (as compared to a B&N), there's an impressive selection and range of topics: poetry and philosophy; history and science; travel and art; local books and biographies; a bargain section and even some reasonably priced art for sale. There's a few comfortable chairs to sit in and a play area for younger kids in the back of the store. If you're looking for a specific work, you may not always find it, but as another reviewer advised, the shopkeeper is happy to order it for you. I don't usually go in looking for any work in particular, but have almost always found something worth taking home, and usually have to stop myself from buying more. On my most recent trip (February 2014) I purchased an autographed paperback copy of David McCullough's "1776" for a very reasonable price (under $30). It's a great place to bring a coffee or tea, browse the store and find your next book. What I like best is that the store owner is always engaging and warm without a whiff of pushiness to purchase anything. Each time I've been in there, I've enjoyed a conversation with her, regardless of if I'm buying or not. Amazon's a great purveyor for a lot of things, but Jeff Bezos isn't hurting for money. As far as books go, I'd encourage you to vote with your wallet and reward this promising and worthy local establishment.
5	My wife loves this store - I think she goes weekly because the selection is outstanding and so is the owner. She consistently finds new fiction for herself like "Cutting for Stone," which the owner recommended, and books for me like my recent acquisition from the store's history section: "Medieval Warefare." Medieval Warfare?! Awesome!
5	Great selection of used books along with interesting and eclectic rare editions. Also some vintage furniture pieces for sale too. Owner is good about recommending titles and helping you find things. A great place to browse!
5	Visiting from California I found this place just down the street. Lovely little place. I was quite surprised with selection that I found there. I didn't find the Chesterton I was looking for but I did find a signed copy of book by Tolkien's grandson!Leslie the owner is also a very wonderful guard of literary collections stored there. Definitely a place to stop by!
