2	This Wendy's is REALLY SLOW at getting food out. The food is pretty standard for Wendy's, but the service is SUPER SLOW. Also, this tends to be the dinner spot for a lot of the homeless from around the area- so carry some loose change.
1	Ordered food today between 5pm and 5:30pm and it was less than ok. The chicken sandwich was good but that is where it ends. Baked potato was cold and this particular store doesn't have cheese or bacon for its potato's? Ok uh huh. The fries were white and raw. The soda had a funny taste and I'm not sure if it was the mixture or the ice.
2	My aunt once told me that when she orders fast food she tells them to give her whatever they think she wants because she always gets the wrong order anyhow.  Well, I am feeling the same way about Wendy's.  I ask for cheese and onion on the cup of chili.  I get chili with nothing.  I ask for balsamic dressing for my salad and they give me ranch.  I don't get the croutons with my salad.  I order a hamburger.  That is with no cheese.  It comes with cheese.  I try to use a coupon and get told it is not in their system and so I get charged full price.  I have had too many bad experiences with this Wendy's.  When it comes to incorrect orders, slow service, ever increasing prices and smaller portions, I am through with them.  Wendy's may be convenient for my office but it is not worth it.  From now on I will find somewhere else to get my lunch.
1	This place sucks and the service blows.  Waited for 5 minutes with one person in front of me then another 5 mintues - Not fast food at all - Del Taco would probably be better next door or you may make it home in ten minutes to cook yourself something to eat -nuff said
3	I don't know if it was a change in management, a change is support staff or a change in both but this Wendy's location has stepped up their game a bit.  Against my better judgement I went to Wendy's last week to give it another chance after months of a boycott.  I was impressed.  The food came out very quick and my order was accurate.  A spicy chicken sandwich.  I know, it is hard to mess up an order that simple.  So I decided to try again today.  Same situation.  Fast food and an accurate order received.  For that I am giving them a bump up to 3 stars from my previous rating of 2.  Today I ordered a Ceasar side salad, a four piece chicken nugget, and a spicy chicken go-wrap.  My complaint is that one of my four nuggets was about half the size of the other three but that is just the way it was processed.  3 stars seems fair right now for the change in customer service.  Change for the better is progress. I still have a problem with Wendy's on a corporate level.  They have alienated their customer base with cost cutting measures.  They have raised prices and given less food all to make a buck.  The side salad from Wendy's is not a big salad.  It is a side.  Yet the dressing packet was not big enough to even cover the side salad.  I would have asked for extra dressing had I ordered a larger salad.  There are a few items left on the menu I still like so I will probably be back.  Though I will not visit as frequently as I used to.
2	I have been to this Wendy's multiple times solely because of its proximity to my work. The biggest issue I've had is they are often out of food items (baked potatoes, spicy nuggets, grilled chicken to name a few I've encountered). But they do not tell you while ordering, so that you can look at the menu and pick out something else. I'm always told at the window, sometimes after I've already paid. Then I've  had the hassle of needing to be credited money back. Today the regular nuggets (they didn't have the spicy prepared) and my pulled pork sandwich were cold. Thumbs down for this Wendy's!
2	This is the closest Wendy's to my place of work. So I am here more often than I would like( I have recently found a better location). This location has the normal Wendy's spread we all know and love. But now with adventure tied to it!The ups? The staff is quick, friendly and present. The lines are never crazy, so if your order is simple it will be correct and fresh.The downs? The bathroom is never clean. I have seen far to many sketchy characters (including a crying hooker hiding from a cop outside) that I now only really go through the drive through. If your order is off by just a simple "no onion" expect to get something completely different than what you ordered. For example : I would love a grilled chicken sandwich with no tomato(receives a Jr bacon cheeseburger).
