3	So, you're in Vegas on business, working feverishly, and you're stuck here for another night.  But you didn't pack for another night, and it's after 9PM.  Where are you going to get clothes, other than those cheesy Vegas tshirts or one of the overpriced hotel boutiques?Ross, that's where. This particular store is open until 11pm on weeknights.While it was rifled through with messy clothes everywhere, I managed to find what I needed and actually got a pretty cool shirt too.
3	Amazingly, I wasn't in here for me, I was in here for my hubby.The men's section is pretty extensive, however, the Smalls and Mediums get picked through rather quickly.  Who wears a 4XL?!If I had the time, I would have investigated the women's section a bit more - it appeared to have tons of decent wares.Nice thing #1 - it's next to an Indoor Skydiving place and a Walgreens.
5	I scored a Micheal Kors Purple Patent removable lining coat and some Rampage applique wedge sandals for under $50 bucks. I normally have no time for Ross. I cannot stand the disorganization. It just so happened I was driving on the right side of the strip and decided to park and test the waters.You have to have patience. I saw what I wanted and did not have to wait in a long line. I would definitely check here for after season stuff.
1	"We take our time" should be the theme here for the employees, especially at the check-out stand.  Seriously, this is an at your own pace sort of place, with no shame whatsoever.All I wanted was a belt because I forgot to pack one in the suitcase and it took almost 20 minutes to go through the check-out line and I was 3rd in line.
3	Viva la Ross, Vegas style.  While on the Deuce bus system my friend and I, saw Ross.  So you know we had to make a pit stop there.  I loved the signs in the store, they mimicked the Welcome to Vegas sign.  It did get crowded right next to the fitting room, people were just not moving for me to pass by.  Very rude.  It wasn't a bad Ross or anything, but small and hard to move around.  But I was happy to know it was there off the strip and affordable for me to do some Vacation shopping.  Do you love it?  I love it.  I got it at Ross.  That is my slogan for life.
5	This is the best location because it's geared toward tourists; also has longer hours. I've heard that this is the top-producing Ross store in the Las Vegas area. No housewares since this is on the Strip, but that's ok.I like this store for several reasons- it's closeby, usually not a messy location with clothes strewn all over the floor (who can shop in that ugly mess, and avoid slipping and falling, for that matter), less screaming children running around like it's a playground (I don't like being held captive, with unruly children and the parents who lack the necessary control over them- the noise is annoying to many shoppers, I'm sure), and the best selection (ie. designer bags are locked up in glass display boxes- I once spotted Michael Kors bags). The shoe department is very impressive. I've found some really nice shoes here on numerous occasions, for way less- score! There are registers in the front and back of the store (at each entrance). There is a security guard. This store must've been successful as there is a new store opening soon, near the MGM Showcase area. Great store for bargain shoppers.
5	THE ABSOLUTE BEST ROSS I'VE EVER SHOPPED AT!Location: Easy enough to find... with a GPS.Store:  Clean & organized.  They were also very well-staffed... so don't even THINK about stealing! Products:  Top of the line brands for the lowest prices!  Great selection!This is where my Vegas 'splurge' took place.I bought 6 articles of clothing, a tote bag, and sandals... all for about $100!  This was actually the "self" shopping part of my trip... although, I regret not spending a little more time looking for souvenir gifts.I definitely will be coming back to this Ross next time I hit up Vegas!
1	I love Ross and have been an avid shopper there for many years. I was excited to go to this store, because I have been trying to get christmas presents for my family and friends. As I go up the escalaor, i realized there were just rows and rows of clothes it looked great. Hoever when you start browings though all the clothes, i started to think to myself that it almost felt as if I was walkingi n a thrift store. The had very low quality clothing and the clothes were shoved into each section, i hand the hardest time to even look at the clothes. I do not want to go to this Ross ever again. It was a really junk Ross.
3	As much as I travel for work, I have been forced create a checklist to help streamline the process of packing. The packing list breaks down like this: 1 gray coat, 2 full suits, 4 dress shirts, 4 ties, 2 slacks, 2 jeans, 4 t-shirts, 4 pairs of boxer briefs, 2 pairs of black socks, 2 pairs of brown socks, 1 pair black dress shoes, 1 pair brown dress shoes, 1 pair Darth Vader (Star Wars) shoes, 1 pair Hans Solo (Star Wars) shoes, 1 cell phone charger, and 1 toiletry bag (with contacts, aspirin, travel shampoo, conditioner, shaving gel, razor, toothbrush, toothpaste, face wash, toner, moisturizer, and tons of hair product).Unfortunately, my list failed to include a black and/or brown belt. But fortunately, this Ross was located right across the street from my hotel and saved me from committing a fashion faux pas.This Ross is clean, well organized, and features a great staff. Thanks in large part to what I just mentioned, I was able to locate a great Kenneth Cole dual colored (black and brown) belt for $10. And just for the hell of it, for another $10, I picked up a Ben Sherman black skinny tie (just in case I am ever invited to a "Mad Men" party).And since I found the belt I was looking for, I was able to stick around and admire the "Jersey Shore" section. I fingered through Affliction, Ed Hardy, and Armani Exchange t-shirts. I figured I would hold off on that purchase until I perfect my "Pauly D" blowout.
3	This is the Mother of all Ross Stores, by the way.  It's certainly the biggest @IGotItAtRoss I've been in and while I do not puff my chest with pride when saying so, I have been in a good number of Ross stores.You'll find the typical mix of good deals and not so good deals, clothes you would wear and clothes you would poke fun of if you saw someone wearing them.The selection is huge, however.  The luggage area is probably 8 aisles alone!So if you're in Vegas and you want to get a little bargain shop on while you get your funk on, come here.  Just remember, silly drunk shopping you can get away with, sloppy drunk shopping will get you tossed.
4	I don't get the opportunity to shop at Ross much, since they're aren't any in Chicago...but when I do, I go buck wild for some discounted merch!No, i'm not ashamed at the fact i'm a bargain hunter....as a matter of fact, I brought a gaggle of 5 friends who also left with a happy sack of goodies.The store is a little disorganized, but it was always been ransacked by drunken college girls...so go figure!Sure, store associates could have been more friendly...but i'm sure they're put through the ringer every day.In the end, I left with three $9.99-12.99 dresses, an $18 swim suit by Janzen and a pair of $10.00 summer shoes.  For me, that's all I need for 4-5 stars.  Can't buy anything like that in Chicago--unless you're DAVing it.HELLO BARGAINS...i've missed you!
4	this place has its ups and downs as any Ross does. But man when u go at the right time its awsome!!!! i ......my brother came across some toddler jordans for $20 bucks i got a super awsome Paul Frank pijamas for $10 and 2 pair o/underwear for $4. So it was a great shopping day o ya i only went in for a travel bag ($50) and got all this crap. BUT there is times i have gone in here and found NADA!!! but usually always do.
3	Fancy Ross isn't. Convenient Ross is.  On my staycation, Ross came through for me when I needed an inexpensive pair of khakis for work. Instead of having to get in a car and fight the chaotic Strip area  traffic, we walked over to Ross, and I found the khakis that I was looking for. If I was looking for the everyday wardrobe, I am sure that I would find it here.  This Ross, located in the shadow of the Riviera, is a fairly large one-story clothing store. Ross sells a large selection of clothes at discount pricing. A plus is that there are plenty of dressing rooms, which leaves less time to wait to try on  clothes.  I like knowing that Ross has two stores on the Strip. In the future if I forget to pack clothing, it is nice to know that I do not have to leave the Strip.
4	Great little Ross on the strip. I actually quite enjoy this Ross. A big reason is that it's a tourist spot, so they have a high turnover on stock and there is always tons of merchandise to choose from. One of the downfalls of it being on the strip is that it can often get pretty busy so I usually steer clear of this place on weekends and only make the trek over there on weekdays after work. If you're looking for housewares, this is not the place for you, but they have a good supply of clothes and luggage, which I'm a fan of.Definitely a good little shopping spot.
4	Terrible staff, tons of merchandise, esp the shampoo, tanning gel, etc. You can this place gets busy though (I arrived at 10:30 pm, 30 min before closing) b/c some racks were empty (like the wanna be spanx). I was hoping to find some big wrap scarfs for DC and all of them were thin and small, really makes sense in Vegas though.This is the really big location on the strip next to a no-name souvenir shop and 7-11. I think it's right next to the Riviera.
5	OMG. THIS IS HEAVEN. For $134.88 pre-tax, here is what I bought:- package of 18 solar hair rollers- black miniskirt- black aviator jacket (faux leather)- 3 pairs of shoes: red corduroy ballet flats, businessy black kitten heel loafers, amazing fuschia suede pumps that rocked the club that night- yellow terry slippers- glitzy gold clutch- stretchy black skinny jeans- 2 dress shirts for Mr. Rosie S. (brand names)- ECKO brooklyn tee for Mr. Rosie S.Did you read that? YEAH. I could have spent the whole day there, but Mr. RS could only handle 90 minutes or so. Which is probably better, considering how much I would have spent if I had more time... ;)It's totally within walking distance of most hotels on the strip; we stayed at the Mirage and it took us about 15 minutes (and we stopped at a few places like the Venetian bridge) to get there.It was well laid-out (clearance area within each individual section) and clean, and the staff was friendly and helpful.Dear Ross, PLEASE COME TO CANADA. Love,Rosie S.
4	I am discount shopper at heart, but I had no idea that on my latest Vegas trip that I would be making a trek to Ross! In my defense-- its right on the strip and the shopper in me couldnt resist!Let's just say that this is by far the BEST ROSS I have ever been in. They have a huge selection and guess what? It's organized and neat! I found so many gems in this store that I considered purchasing another suitcase to bring my treasures back to Houston. The shoes selection here was amazing! Next time you are in Vegas and you realize you forgot your best stilettos -- give this store a try -- I bet you find something.
5	The Ross near Circus Circus is the best ross in town, if you want just clothes and shoes this is the ross to go to. I'm never a shopper to have any luck with dresses but i went to this store and ended up having a full shopping cart full of dresses.
4	This place is like Winners on crack! It's packed full of good stuff - if you have the time and energy.I scored a Juicy bag for 39.99 regular 99.99 and a Guess bag same price!!Super cute cocktail dress I wore to Tao, and a few other finds the first trip.I was actually on a bus on my way to The New Rock boot store, when I saw the Ross sign looming ahead. I made the bus stop. I got off and said to myself .." just a quick peek.... " YA RITE!! Needless to say, I never made it to the other store.My second trip, I spent longer. I had my cart with 6-8! Items picked out. I wandered off and came back to find my cart had been taken- never to be seen again.My thoughts were - get pissed off ? Or I probably didn't need it anyway.Found a few other items, replaced a tank top for my BF, and off I went.Ross oh Ross how I love you so !
3	This is a great store on the stripe . The store has. one of the lowest prices . Most people shopping were from Europe. There was a long line on the counter.The sketcher shoes were $19 amazing. So I got a pair.Pants were from $10 khaki type amazing.This is a two level store and comfortable slippers for for $9.Parking is free in nearby casinos.
3	What kind of store sells ties, but no tie clip? Can someone please tell me? Nice ties though.  Also I think it would be nice if a store that sold ties would offer to tie them for you.  Just sayin.
3	This is a typical Ross Store, nothing special. I was not impressed. I didn't find any deals, the lines were not that long, but the cashiers were slow. They weren't very friendly either. This store is conveniently located, so I'll return if I can't find what I need anywhere else.
3	A Ross right on the Strip, what more could you ask for? They do have a much better selection than the many Ross stores I have been to. Since it is on the strip, they really emphasize the designer brands, blingy accessories, and cocktail dresses. The security guard is pretty friendly and there is ample parking behind the store. Just be careful if you are coming out late at night as there is usually someone there to hit you up for money.
4	I did not expect that I get decent shoes at Ross Dress For Less. But exactly that was the case.
5	Let me tell you I LOVE to shop at Ross back home in California, but this store is HUGE!!!  Was about twice the size of the one back home.   They had an extensive selection of dresses and shoes.  I thought I was in heaven.  They had 2 1/2 racks of dresses in my size alone and two rows of shoes in my size.  They have Tons of luggage, which I noticed a lot of people buying and then loading them with new clothes.  One tourist in front of us had a large suitcase which she filled with all bras that she was buying.Considering it's off the strip this place is very clean and busy.  But they have multiple registers at both entrances so the wait is not that long.Next time I come to Vegas forget going gambling, I'll be in Ross shopping!!!
5	This is not a fancy store but has great inventory and worth the cab ride
2	It seems like every Ross is a cesspool for the mom buying all her kids clothes for the year.Typical Ross shopper. Mother. Father (usually absent) 4-5 children in tow. Shopping cart full of s#!t. Also makes final decisions at the cash register.Come on on dude. I only wanna buy 2 things!There are 2 registers by each end of this store, but that doesn't stop the terrible feeling of being stuck behind this family or other people paying with cash. Seriously? Who does this still?I added a star because if you're in dire need of something (belt or shoes) then this place is for you.I came here to buy dress shoes because you know dress codes are always enforced in Vegas and I forgot mine at home.Instead of driving back home for 5 hours I decided to just buy a pair here.This store is also big as hell. I dare you not to find something here you wanna walk awway with.
5	This is the nicer Ross on the strip. This one has a better selection and is easier to get to. The purses are sorted by color and they have a good variety. Betsy Johnson has her own section here which is amazing! I can always come here and find something I couldn't find in another size.If you like shopping at Ross (hunting through the racks) then come here for the selection. Happy hunting!
4	Staff friendly. Selection is 30% men's 50% women's 20% children's. Style and bargains can be found. Clean store. We can't expect to find top tailoring...its Ross.
5	Cleanest and most we'll kept Ross I been to ! Thank you to all the employees who helped me with my visit ! You made it very pleasant
1	Super rude cashiers, looked like they didn't even want to be there. I don't think they know the concept that they get paid because customers go and buy things. Instead of being with their sour faces they should not even come into work. As a tourist, major disappointment.
4	OMG! This place has SO much stuff and a really big selection. I would've probably bought alot of clothes here but I already did alot of damage at the outlet stores. The women's selection is huge and the ones in SF do not even compare! This place is crowded and noisey. I didn't like that one of the cashiers only accepted credit or debit cards because it made everyone else paying cash have to wait longer. Unlike SF, they have pulling baskets and not actual shopping carts. I feel sorry for the person who has to clean up the mess at the end of the day.
5	BEST ROSS EVER.I love Ross. I go a lot. In many cities. THIS ONE HAS IT ALL.If you forget something before you come to Vegas, chances are you can stop here and find it, and a whole lot more. Fully stocked on items and sizes. Found my man a whole wedding outfit from the shoes up without a problem and he's a weird size. I found the belt I needed and had to leave before I spent all my spending money!Also, within walking distance of the Peppermill :)
5	Need a last minute fit for the strip? Come here for a great deal! This ross sits right on the vegas strip, and is within walking distance of all the hotels. Every section in the store is very well cleaned and maintained.  Customer service was good from my experience.  Great deals and lots of cheap items. 8% tax rate, so it's not tax free (still better than Cali's 9%). Four different levels with the entrance on the first, women's second, men's third and children's and baby's etc.. on the fourth level. Great store to get a lady minute fit,  or just new clothes.
2	Man, this Ross. It has the best selection of men's clothes, shoes and luggage I've ever seen at a Ross and some killer deals in there, but the layout is also the most atrocious I've seen of maybe any store anywhere. They have a ton of floor space to work with but for some reason they have everything set up in long, narrow aisles where it's not possible to pass each other. And the entry/exit system is weird as hell with little poorly marked cattle gates for each even though there's a bunch of ways to go around them. Tons of feral children running around unattended, and this block always seems to have tons of foreign tourists who don't understand how lines work for some reason, but I can't say Ross is doing anything to help them with this slapdash layout. Anyway, deals to be found, but come in mentally prepared to play the Game of Clothes, you get the bargains or you die
3	If I'm near a Ross, I like to go in and take a look as it is a treasure hunt as the store slogan states. I don't like to look if the clothes are packed in, and the aisles are narrow.  That was the case here.  But I managed to find something. Ross is a 1/4 mile down the Strip by the Riviera. Racks and racks and very tight aisles.  Barely enough room for a person let alone if you've got a shopping cart. There's two different cashier areas to pay as there two separate entrances.
5	I have been to many Ross stores in So Cal but I have never seen such a big Ross like this location at the Strip. Tons and tons of clothes, purses, shoes, mens & kids clothes & shoes. I could spend hours at this place. Loved it! Loved it! Loved it! The space to walk through the aisles is tight! Lots of people shopping too but anything on the strip is Always packed.
