3	Superdrug is kind of like Boots poorer, ugly little sister. It offers pretty much the same stock, but I just don't shop here. I always wander up the road to Boots. I think because Boots has the loyalty card which Superdrug doesn't, so there is my incentive. I find Superdrug a little bit run down and tired looking and it has a slight cheap feel to it. Which is funny because I think it is a little more expensive than Boots.
3	Whenever I walk past this store  I get a bit depressed.OK I may be overreacting but this place is in dire need of a bright makeover starting with the exterior. I mean you have to compete with the large Boots down the street you have to get your clientele in other ways than the cardboard cutouts of Kate Moss showing off her lashes.As far as the products, it covers pretty much everything, although you may have to compensate for some brands. Prices are variable with the Superdrug brand usually being the most affordable.
4	Superdrug always seems to have everything!! If only it had a good meal deal, it would be putting Boots out of service!This branch is quite small and compact but has everything nevertheless. Ok, it's a bit of a genetic place but it delivers every time!! The perfume in particular is slightly cheaper than most other places on the high street. Plus they have bright pink bags. Cool!
4	It's slightly sad that most times I only end up at Superdrug because I'm a little too lazy to walk down another minute or so to Boots. The mamma of all Boots is extremely difficult to compete with, but this cosmetics store on Princes Street is definitely more obviously geared at the primping and preening of the she-sex.It is quite large itself, and you'll find all sorts of shampoos, toiletries, perfumes, make up and celebrity magazines by the aisle. Hmm... I like going in there with a specific aim, because I could easily get sucked into all the "genius" grooming products I never knew existed for parts of my body I never thought needed grooming!One plus to keep in mind is that it closes at 18.30, so it's pretty much a last chance shop as many of the other similar stores close earlier.
5	I really really like Superdrug. Its has all the things I need to get, to stock up on my make up and get all my beauty requirements and believe me that is alot ! :D. Very central in town I never have to wait long before getting served...also love their vast array of nail polishes..
4	So this review has gone down 1 star - to be fair I am unsure why I rated it 5 stars in the first place...I must have been high on Peroxide! ..However I really do love Superdrug! I always love the range of make up , girlie travel neccessities and its so well located, not far from the train station so its always a must stop before running for the train.
