5	Dr Stewart is a fantastic Dr that has taken great care of me over the years! I always haves a wait on my appointments, but I do not mind due to the level of service provided by him and the staff! Stevie and the rest if the staff go above and beyond!
5	Dr Han is outstanding both my Dad I have seen him. He had to do Emergency surgery on my dad and did a outstanding job. His staff treat you like family and really do care.
1	BEWARE! My husband and I were referred to Dr. Stewart by our fertility doctor to confirm there were no structural abnormalities. When we called to schedule the appointment we were told that we had to pay $225 upfront just to schedule! Once we arrived at the doctors office, we sat in the waiting room for an hour and a half before being seen for less than 10 minutes any were not told of any follow up appointments or tests. 2 months later our referring doctor called asking why we had not completed the blood work or semen analysis Dr. Stewart requested! This was the first we had heard of this. We got in the next day for both tests and requested a call back as soon as we had results. 8 days later we called Canyon State Urology and were told they had our blood work but had lost the semen analysis. It was left up to us to re-request the results be sent over to Canyon State Urology. It took us calling them 6 time before we were told "the doctors notes say you must schedule another appointment if you want the results, we can schedule that if you would like we just need the $225 up front to schedule again."This was by far the rudest, most unorganized, unprofessional place we have ever been too! And if you are looking to start a family ... they do everything they can to drag that process out as long as possible. I would not recommend this place to anybody!!
5	Dr. Koi was the first urologist I have found who was willing to help me with my symptoms, which ended up being caused by interstitial cystitis.  He is a quiet man, but extremely competent, professional, and has always taken my symptoms seriously.  IC can be a difficult disease to treat, but I feel like I am in good hands.  His office staff are friendly and go out of their way to accommodate you.  If the doctor is running late (fairly rare) they let all the patients how long they may have to wait.   Not only do they have kind, helpful front desk staff, CSU also has some of the nicest nurses around!  I had several weeks of treatments by them and they were very pleasant and made the experience easier.
