3	This Gap location is pretty large and has a good selection of women's clothes. I'm a big fan of most things Gap sells, though some of it seems priced too high. This store usually has a good-sized section of sale racks, which is way better than the pathetic clearance area at other locations.
3	Good and convenient location in SouthPark Mall. This is a staple store for dressing up the little ones in classic style. Plus, it is a for sure win when purchasing a gift for a kid or baby (parents like it!). I recently went in to buy the last few things to fill a baby gift basket. I loved all the cute apparel for babies! Adorable sweaters, skirts, and coats...awwww, so tiny! If you are looking for newborns, however, there is just a basic stand with a few onesies of blue, pink, and white (probably what you'd find at Target as well), some baby caps, and a few full jumpers/sleepers. I didn't see any baby blankets or towel sets.  Getting a gift receipt is easy and I like getting baby stuff here because you can almost always find a Gap Kids/Baby in any large city and in case the parents want to do an exchange, it's no problem.
5	The friendliest and most helpful staff in the beautiful South Point Mall. This is saying A LOT because everyone we encountered in the entire mall were super friendly. BUT...the Gap folks were the BEST!
4	Great place to buy clothes to dress your baby in style. The staff is very friendly and is willing to help you find the right size. I frequently went there when I was pregnant and the staff was very helpful in helping me pick out the right clothes to start my son's wardrobe. My only complaint is that there are twice as many baby girl clothes as baby boy clothes.
1	TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE - DO NOT SHOP THERE - YOU WILL GET OVER CHARGED, BE TREATED TERRIBLE BY SNOBBY SALES PEOPLE AND FORCED TO OPEN A CREDIT CARD. Dear GAP, let me tell you of the worst experience we had at your store and why we will never come back! Our experience is one of DISCRIMINATION AND PREFERENTIAL TREATMENT, HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. My husband was attracted by 40% off promo and spend half an hour picking out jeans and shirts. As he got to the register, he got a snobby remark he does not qualify because he does not have a gap card. Now the sales person should of given him 30% off, but instead they asked him to pay full RETAIL. As you would expect, my husband was unhappy and left your store in South Park Mall, Charlotte. He walked away from $200 purchase because he felt DECEIVED AND DISCRIMINATED. Note: we DO NOT open credit cards with retailers! That is bad way to manage financials. I was furious. My husband does not shop often and now that he finally did, he had such a bad treatment. So I contacted your customer service and they did nothing! They offered $20 credit and no sale. So RETAIL once again with $20 totaling to just 10%. The customer service promised the items are on sale once again at 40% and without card requirements. So, GETS BETTER NOW!!!! My husband goes back, stands in line, observes a lady being offered 40% off and then additional 15% off. His turn comes up - NO SALE! And once again - not a card holder, so NO SALE. They did not even take coupons that are active online. And, the sales person was SNOBBY beyond believe. She did not care to spend another minute with my husband to accommodate or find a solution. Sure thing - he left the purchase in the store and swore that he WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK TO GAP OR EVEN LOOK AT GAP. It is outrageous, selective and what is even worse, your quality is really not good anyways. A good ending to the story - my husband went to GUESS, got great service, 50% off sale, bought his jeans and shirt and is happy now. He will always shop there from now on. Bad ending for you - with this experience, I will no longer shop at the Banana Republic or any of your other stores. There is enough competition for customers to say no to such FORCED SALES PITCH FOR CREDIT CARDS AND DISCRIMINATION.
5	Julia rocks! Great personality and extremely helpful. So great at her job I hope Gap pays her well as she's the best personality I've come across in retail in a long time.
