4	After a hard days work, you really can't beat a good brew and a nice sit down. Whittard's is not so much for the stomach-staining "milk and 2" tea fans, nor is it for old misers who re-use their Tesco Value teabags, squeezing them against the side of the cup to get out every last drop. It's for the more refined quaffer, perhaps one who sips with their pinkie in the air.If it's tea, tea related, or can be utilised anywhere in the tea brewing, drinking or presentation process. chances are Whittard's sell it. I've seen some rare oddities in here, including a fascinating popcorn tea, and if this isn't your thing there's also a fairly extensive range of coffee and sweets.They sell Lindt "99% Cocoa" dark chocloate, which has to be tasted to be believed, much in the way that we should all eat a raw chilli at least once in our lives.
3	Oh Whittard teas.... I could literally spend hours in this shop. I have a small obsession with tea pots and this place has lots of them.They even have samples of teas. And sweeties too. Yum!Having said that I rarely ever come out of this shop with something- I find it far too overpriced for what it is considering there are lots of other shops in the City with quirky teapots and delicious loose-leaf tea- they just don't have the brand name to it. But if you are desperate to find a gift (particularly for the prettier of the sexes) than this is a good destination to go. A particular fave are the teapots -in-cup idea in fun colours.
4	Even though I hate tea, I am a fan of Whittard's. My grandmother and father are both avid fans of tea, so Whittard's has helpfully provided many a Christmas present over the years. They also stock a good range of coffee beans and will grind them for you if need be. I quite enjoy the flasks up the back with obscure flavours of tea. I often find that the fruity teas are quite nice and am almost tempted to buy some. There is a good selection of hot chocolates also. Caramel hot chocolate, orange hot chocolate and it goes on. So whatever warm beverage you happen to enjoy, Whittard's has it sorted.
3	Tea is very serious business. I'm actually surprised there are not more tea specialists around. I suppose cheaper tea from supermarkets has become the normFor me tea is both zen ceremony, rejuvenator and comfort in warm liquid form (a wee bit like whisky). I really do appreciate tea. Needless to say I appreciate tea shops. I'm more of a green and herbal tea man myself, and Whittard manages to accomodate. Apart from selling tea it also sells tea related gifts like teapots and teaspoons. I quite agre with Anna's assesment. This makes for a great opportunity for presents, especially the fairer sex (plus my Dad). Though I hope one day these gender stereotypes will give way to a universally teapot loving nation.As has also been mentioned, the problem with Whittard is that it's pricey. I too often leave with nothing in my hand. Unforunetly this may be because of the previously mentioned supermarket control of the tea market. But I can't help feeling Whittard could stretch itself to be a little less expensive.
