4	Probably my most frequent Target stop in the Charlotte area, close to the rest of the Northlake area shopping necessities. Clean, nice Target that is indeed Super.Clearance sections at the end of the aisles are my weakness although i am easily angered when they are a mere 30% off, that's a sale, not clearance. Don't try tricking me.Not specific to this Target by any means, but i heart their snack station. Like $1.50 for popcorn and pop? How do they pay their employees?
4	Went in to buy some baskets. The store was clean and organzied. Found an item that had a different price than what was on the shelf. Call for assistance and someone arrived in less than 30 seconds. Very helpful and honored the lower price.
4	It's a department store... how do you critique something like that?! It's clean, the parking lot is a disaster, the staff are usual for a department store. What I like is it is close to my home, is a full grocery store, offers healthy selections and their Archer Farms brand is worth checking out.
3	Everyone knows Target - cool stuff and needed items all in one place at an OK price.  I also get my pharmacy items here as well.  I'll be back.
4	Huge huge store up near Northlake Mall. Nice and well kept.  There's practically a full sized Starbucks at the front and the usual snack place but wayyyyy bigger than a normal Target.Was killing time here before meeting people at the mall.  I do like how the parking is configured so that you don't have the normal (insert explative here) people thinking they are so brilliant they would park up on the fire lane while they shop at their convenience.
4	With Super Target, you can't go wrong. Housewares, full grocery, kitchen items, pharmacy, clothing, electronics, sporting goods AND a Starbucks?! Yes, indeed.This particular location is huge & laid out differently than my local Mooresville store. Luckily in the past, they may have different items altogether or have something in stock that Mooresville doesn't. Also, how about prime real estate? All the shops / resturaunts around it, not to mention Northlake Mall.The employees here aren't too friendly & don't ever ask "can I help you find something", as I experience at other Target stores.Overall I'm happy with this Target.
4	What's not to love about Target? A Super Target.. that 's what. I don't shop for my produce here. Nor do I at a Super Wal-Mart for that matter either. Know what to shop for and what not to is always a rule of thumb with any large chain like this. The atmosphere is eerie in Targets. By design, all stores do not play music. That can be a good thing.Most likely your closest option if you live in Gaston County. It is a straight shot up 485 to Harris Blvd. Why Target brand didn't bother making the new Target in Gastonia a Super Target is beyond me. Why waste the money for more of the same when Wal-Mart has a Super Wal-Mart right there as well.
4	Everything you need for your home, from kitchen electronics to towels for the bathroom and even some furniture, this SuperTarget also has a full grocery section. Personal care and cosmetics and a full service pharmacy. It's a much easier shop than Wal-Mart but you pay for that with prices that seem to be about 10% higher in my ballpark estimation. Tons of parking and the red plastic trolleys never seem to have one broken wheel.It's not my usual stomping grounds, but I was looking for something and they had it here. I'm happy.
4	This SuperTarget is A-OK with me.  Having a Starbucks on site doesn't hurt either!  I have noticed the prices are comparable and occasionally lower than another big-box supercenter.   I am now more inclined to shop at Target than make a special trip to that store.  Now that's information that is good to know as it wil save me time and gasoline!
4	I'm the type of person who usually dreads these super sized megalopolis type stores. They're typically in disarray, employees are grouchy and merchandise has been dismembered in some shape.This target though, I like. The veggies are fresh, clean and cheap. The isles are clear and uncluttered. The shelves are seemingly organized and the staff is quite helpful and friendly. On top of all that, you can shop here at 10pm without fear of getting jumped and mugged in the frozen food and veggies isle like in Walmart or something.
1	I decided to walk in this Target store to get household items after leaving Northlake Mall. While pulling through the parking lot a young Target Employee lost control of about 20 carts and slammed them in to the side of my car. I was upset, and the young man was very self righteous and confrontational. I did not get a satisfactory resolution from the manager. Needless to say, I will drive out of my way to not visit this store again.
4	It's Target. It's clean and well lit, the deals are fairly decent. I have a few Wal-Marts that are closer, but I prefer Target.
4	good clean store, parking lot was a little dirty, but not really the stores fault
4	This review is only for the Target Cafe because that's the only part of the store I visited this time... The team member was working back in the kitchen area and they don't have a little bell, so I stood there for a second and thought, "How in the heck am I supposed to get her attention?" lol  No worries, though...  No sooner than I finished the thought, she turned around with a quick acknowledgement of my presence... She promptly finished up what she was working on and came right over... I asked if I could purchase the item I picked up since the rest of the lines were really busy and she took care of me with no problem... She was very sweet and extremely efficient...  Next time I go to Northlake, I'll probably head over to the SuperTarget to pick up a tasty marshmallow treat from the Target Cafe...
4	This Target is clean, and have a great selection of many things.  Grocery store and deli; plus a Starbucks.  I was able to get everything I needed in one place.
4	I've been looking for a specific small coffee maker for my best friend that I'm gong to visit.  Last week, having been to all the close-by Walmart with no avail.  I was told to order online that I don't trust Walmart due to couple of times emailed me last minute not available.  Suddenly, I found that it might be available at Target but the one I know is too far away.Lately, I remember the new shopping area at North Lake.  I gave it a trial.  Nice shop with almost good varieties of everything. no traffic and it has been there for 5 years.  I think customers have habits of going to certain department stores.  At least I am.Found the last one on display, thinking great and took it to check out.  Customer service said display was not for sale.  She finally found me one 7 miles from there in Hunterville.  I was too lazy going another 10 miles from home but still better finding nothing.I've got it.  Thanks for their help.  Walk around the shop.  I need to reprogram my mind there's another choice of shopping at Target as well.
3	Super Target is right!  You better pay attention to whether you will be going out of the regular part of the store or the grocery part of the store when you're parking or you may be in for a long walk!I don't come to this location much but, every time I do, it is really crowded with shoppers.  Luckily, as sort of noted above, the parking lot is huge.  The crowded part seems to take it's toll when it comes to check out time as, to me, they never seem to have enough lanes open so the lines are generally long.  To Target's credit though, their process and technology seem to help long lines move a bit more quickly than at a Walmart.
3	Hey it's Target. What else can I say? It's the closest joint to home with all the retail standards from groceries to home goods to clothes. In general they have all they basics but compared to Wal-Mart, though Wally World has better prices and a far superior selection, Target has the whole "end cap" thing down.I used to work for Target on the sales floor. It wasn't the greatest experience but it never soured me to shopping there. What I like the most is the quirky little designer-line items they always push through here. Take designer items from any category: bed and bath, clothes, stationery, kitchen items, etc. and they've got something representative within that. As of late it's been things under the "Feed" brand which appears to me to be some way to buy and they make donations for each purchase.Nonetheless, that's what keeps Target new and interesting. You almost can't group them into a category of comparison with Wal-Mart. I'm often waiting to come in and see what's new as well as the most recent end-cap clearance deals.
4	Found everything needed for school supplies only because my wife wondered off and found a very large  school supplies section in the back. There was no sign up front directing you to the very large school school supplies section in back, only the smaller section in the front. She also found the bathroom to very clean. Parking lot was a little cluttered with shopping carts.
4	I've been a fan of Target from day 1!  I've been to a few different Targets around the Charlotte area and this is my favorite.  It's pretty "Super," get it?  Hahaha.  Corny I know but I couldn't resist.  I shop at Super Target for groceries, fresh produce, household goods, hygiene products (I just bought the Target brand Coconut body oil gel and absolutely love it!), movies, and the list goes on.  Unlike what most people who aren't Target shoppers believe, the prices are pretty low.  Definitely less than any of the grocery chains.  I also think that the Target brand items are of better quality than the store that starts with a "W".  I always come here with a list and always end up buying items that aren't on that list.  How can I not?  There are always things on sale and there are even clearance shelves that are hidden away in between the aisles boasting things that weren't on my list but perhaps should've been.  I come here so often that some of the employees recognize me. In addition to the store's bountiful, bevy of items and groceries there is also a decent cafe that serves snacks and Pizza Hut plus there's a Starbucks.  I see people shopping and sipping on lattes and fraps all the time.  Sometimes I indulge in a frothy, caffeinated beverage myself.  So, what's not to like this store has everything and then some!
5	New to the area! Wow my first super target! Very nice inside! Food selection is good!
4	I love this Target!  It is always neat, clean and well stocked.  The staff is courteous and are constantly stocking and straightening the merchandise.  I can run in and get what I need and get out with no fuss.To make my shopping more complete, there is a Starbuck's in house! What could be better than sipping a Caramel Macchiato while picking up cleaning supplies and mascara?
5	Great location Here are my nit-picky suggestions:1) Keep your produce prices lower.  $4.99 for a pint of blueberries?   2) Focus on making sure your staff is greeting customers.  10 foot 10 second rule.  3)  if you see a line forming at the registers quickly call another register operator4) stop allowing people to park out front.  Many times it's kids and or jerks blaring music from their car and simply shouldn't be out front of the store.   Park on the side, not at the front door.
3	In three separate locations inside this specific store, the watch battery size 2016 was stocked out.  I did get help from a courteous Associate who politely explained all battery inventories are on the shelf, nothing in the stockroom.  Overall the store was clean and bright as we come to expect from Target.I did see a Customer sitting in a chair in a main aisle.  The chairs were for sale and a stack of identical chairs were stocked on the shelf directly behind this Customer.  After searching for aforementioned watch battery and waiting around for that courteous Associate (approximately five minutes for both activities) I made my way back to the front of the store to purchase another item only to notice the same Customer in the same chair in the same spot!  Ok I get it, you want to make sure the chair is comfy...  BUT I think Target should have stepped up for reasons of safety (remember this is a main aisle that will be used for an emergency evacuation) to ask the Customer to select a new and less obstructive testing area.  This is why I can only give three stars on this review.
4	This store is clean and I always find what I need. I don't like the parking with it's typical grid of obstacles and islands.
5	I have always been pleased with this Target.  The service is great all around.  I've been very satisfied with the pharmacy, bakery, and deli.  They have a wide variety of organic products at competitive prices.  The store is always clean and organized.  I also love their later hours.
5	I LOVE Target. I wish this location was a Super Target but it is convenient. Between 5% off with your Red Card, the Cartwheel ap, sales and the fact you can use a Target and mfg coupon for the same item, why shop anywhere else. Parking lot is typical, but the store is clean, the staff is friendly, returns are easy and prices are competitive. I'm here at LEASE 3 per week!
5	This Target is one of my favorite stores in all of Charlotte.  It is in an area with tons of places to eat and shop.  This store has an optical with a very friendly staff to help you purchase contacts, glasses, or sunglasses.  They can even do eye exams on you if you need a new prescription.  Beside of the optical station is the Target clinic where you can visit for minor, non-emergency issues like sinus infections or strep throat.  They are very quick and ready to help get you better ASAP.  The selection if merchandise at Northlake Target is even better than the Midtown Target.  They even have people who give food samples on certain days.  If you go to Optical at Northlake, ask for Sierra.  She is AWESOME!   If you go to Pharmacy, Jenice is super friendly and will give you a flu shot or fill your script quickly.  The store is very clean and filled with team members who are ready to help you with a positive shopping experience.
2	Produce section needs some help, on multiple occasions I've bought bananas and salad mix only to have throw them a way a few days later well before I should because they've already gone bad.  It doesn't matter what the expiration date is, it will already be soggy and browning.  Yet I can buy the same brand at Food Lion with no issues. The on-site Pizza Hut also doesn't seem to know how to stock for a rush, the last time was this Friday when they were only doing pizzas on a request basis and you had to wait 10 minutes.  If I'm going to wait why not get real pizza?The men's clothing section can be summed up with small selection and low quality, if you want decent professional wear go elsewhere.Prices are also higher just for the sake of being higher, I'll pay more for the specialty stuff but if my main staples are on average 25% cheaper at Food Lion that's where I'll go.  Target is down to once a month at most, just a better shopping experience at other places.
