3	Great idea, poor arcade. Games N'At charges you a flat rate or per hour, depending on the day, for token-free play on a variety of arcade and pinball games. There's also pool, PCs, console games (thought I could not find the consoles), some kind of ducky bowling, air hockey, trivia tvs, et cetra.However, when all four of your friends can't figure out how to make the ski ball machine work there is a bit of a problem. Broken games that only work for Player 2, and out of service pinball kind of ruin the fun.On the plus side, it is BYOB and they have a snack bar (none too healthy or vegetarian friendly, mind you, but that's not the point of a snack bar). They do parties and have catering options, which would be great, they do have a nice party room... except the lack of working games may leave you waiting around for one to open up. Parking is fine, even for the South Side on a Saturday, the slopes side leaves you plenty of street parking on Josephine. $10 Credit Card minimum.Could be better, but if they stick around and get some more business maybe they can afford to upgrade their arcade.
4	Do you ever dream of returning to the 1990's? When arcades were plentiful, snacks bars were lunch AND dinner, and Pac-Man was king? Games N' At is your time machine. There is a flat fee of about $10, and then there is non-stop Pinball and Classic Arcade games.  I might not recommend Games N' At if you are looking for a modern arcade with a lot of first person shooting games, but if you have a soft spot for classic gameplay, this is your place.
3	For the kid in all of us, too bad a lot of the games were out of order.Went there a couple years ago to hear a friends band, not a great place to hear  a show, the acoustics suck.
2	Edit 5/23/11: The staff has gotten more surly and obnoxious. Now it is NOT BYOB for free, there is a "corkage" fee of $5 a case or 25 cents/beer. Their shitty website still advertises free BYOB and when we pointed this out and that our group of 8 - and our $80 - had a right to leave, they fumed and protested. They made DMV workers look sweet. This place has turned into a nightmare shithole.More of the games are broken. CHILDREN are allowed in at night, even though there is rampant drinking. You wouldn't let a child into a bar, so why would you let a child into this place? The owners and staffers have NO discretion whatsoever. In addition to 5-10 year olds running around, somebody brought a baby into the tiny room with a pingpong table.And then the baby got hit with a ball. And then the parents didn't care. There were a bunch of frat boys and their ugly, wrinkled dates. They were loud and sat on the games while not playing, preventing others from enjoy themselves. One of them nearly spilled his drink on me. It was a very uncomfortable environment all around.This place is quickly becoming a location for losers, complete with awful employees who let children, babies and obnoxious frat brothers in.  I have absolutely no doubt in my mind that they'd let dangerous ex-cons in so long as they paid the cover.I won't return.-----------Original review:I like this place very much. I don't love it.Pros: Unlimited Thursday nights for $10. Nice snack bar. FANTASTIC selection of games. BYOB, no corkage fee. You can easily spend 3-4 hours here with a bottle of wine or a six pack. Cheaper than a bar with pool tables. Great cheap jukebox, I think 75 cents gets you 3 songs. Free parking lot. Cons: Owners are an old grumpy married couple. Woman SMOKES indoors near snackbar, so 1 pool table is smoky. Owners are never helpful, but they're also not nosy. Duckpin bowling isn't free. One in the four times I was there had some weirdo grunge/dirty hipsters in their 20's who wore magic outfits. Gross. Overall I would (and have) returned. 2 hours on Friday is $8, 3 hours on Friday is $11. Thursday nights all night is $10.
4	What a great place to throw a 30th bday party for your friend. If you were a child of the 80s-90s you will love this place! They even have a party room you can rent out. Bring beer and they will keep it cold for you.(small corking fee) There is food, but don't expect much of it. Great way to spend a Friday night. Revisiting childhood video games is always a win. They do smoke in the area with Billiards with sort of bothered me. But, all in all, worth checking out!
5	I'M IN LOVE: I'M A BELIEVER!!!Let's start by saying that this place is awesome if you enjoy arcades. If you've never been into arcades or gaming, why are you even looking at this??!!But seriously, Games N'At is so much fun and you can't beat the price. I took advantage of the Saturday night hour unlimited play for $5. You can't beat it! They have classic games like Donkey Kong, Dig Dug, and Pacman. There are aim-games like skee-ball and basketball. Games to play with friends like foosball, air hockey, and pool. Driving games and pin ball. I hear there's even duck pin bowling, but I didn't defeat the big boss and make it upstairs to see for myself. There is also a big refreshment counter and a couch area to hang out and recap your high scores of the night with your friends. This would also be a great place to bring kids too.If you are planning a visit, be sure to check the official website. They run different specials daily, plus they have party packages for birthdays and food-game combos. Go have fun and support your locally owned arcade!!
5	COD time!!! Games N'At is so much fun!!! They have all sorts of different games from old school arcade games to new Xbox games. They have food and it's BYOB!! We've had company parties here, birthday parties, New Years Eve parties. We love this place!!! :)
4	I'm not sure why people had been so down on this place -- after reading several negative reviews I was a bit worried about going.DH and I are trying to make a "date night" every week or so and this was naturally one of the places that came up -- why not try something new?  We went on a Thursday night and payed for the unlimited play and got started.  I was instantly drawn to an old-school Pac Man game and played several games in a row before venturing out to see what else there was.Tons of pinball machines, shooter games, old arcade games, driving games, skeeball (you DO have to pay for this, though), pool, and duckpin bowling (also a bit extra) were among the offerings.  We had great fun playing an assortment of the games and the hours flew by fast!I would say it was a pretty crummy date -- not because I didn't have fun, but because it isn't exactly a great place to connect and spend some quality time with your partner -- but it would be a cool place to hang out with friends and kill time.
4	Awesome fun!We held our office Christmas party there on a Sunday night from 7 to 11P.  They were kind enough to stay open late for us at no additional fee.We had the event catered for 20 of us, and the food, as ghetto as it is, was delicious!  Love the vat of nacho cheese!  The price was extremely reasonable, and the room they had us in was a total blast.The games were great.  This isn't Dave & Buster's, but for a whole lot less it was pretty darn good.  Plus they had some super classic games, which made it even better!The staff and owners were very friendly to us, and we will be back!
4	I love that this place exists.  A few months ago, my coworker invited my boyfriend and I to join her at a BYOB arcade.  A  WHAT?  Who ever heard of such a thing?  It sounded too fascinating to pass up, so we tagged along.Games N'At is tucked away on an empty street, away from the hustle and bustle of Carson Street.  They have a small parking lot which you will be able to find a spot in, even on a weekend night.  We've been twice now and it's never too crowded - just about 10 other people around.  The prices, I believe, are about $5 for one hour, and $8 for two hours.  We went for two hours the first time and it was just a little too long.  But one hour may not seem like quite enough, especially if you've never been, so spring for two hours.  And bring your own beer!  They keep it up front for you, and it's 25 cents per beer that you brought.  They have a bottle opener there, and several games have drink holders, how delightful!There are several themed pinball machines, air hockey, a few racing games, some shooting games, classic arcade games like Super Mario, Pac Man, Donkey Kong, Frogger, and tons of others that I'm less familiar with.  They also have skeeball which I think might cost quarters, and they have the basketball hoops where you are timed to shoot as many baskets as you can.  Also there's a foosball table.  And Whack-a-Mole, which cost quarters, but you win tickets that you can exchange for cheap prizes a-la Chuck-E-Cheese.  But most of the games are free with admission.We had a great time playing everything!  It's not usually crowded enough that you have to wait, so you'll get to try most everything.  There are always a handful of games that are out of order which really sucks (we want to play Star Trek pinball, dammit!), but there's always plenty of other things to try.If not for the broken games, this would be a 5 star joint.  Go here often and give them more money so they can fix them!
4	For as long as I've lived here, this is only the second time I've been here.  Highly recommended for the 80s arcade games.
4	If you know what you're getting yourself into before you go to Game N'At, you'll have a great time.We went on a Saturday night around 9PM for a friend's 30th (yup, 30) birthday party.  We didn't do a party package or anything, but we did BYOB.  It's nice that they keep your beer cold in a cooler at the front desk. Yes, a few of the games were broken, and a few did cost more to play.  However, we were having a great time with the free pool, basketball, and pinball that it didn't bother me at all.  Go check it out, get drunk for cheap, then hit up the crazy Southside bars.
5	I think the many criticisms of Games N' At on Yelp are unwarranted. For starters, yes, many of the games have some mechanical problems. However, these are vintage arcade games so it is difficult to keep them in good shape.Second of all, some people have posted that they, "aren't sure what they paid for" because some of the games cost extra. (Bowling, skee-ball, games for prizes)Eight dollars gets you unlimited pool, foosball, classic arcade games, pin ball games, basketball and upstairs video games for two hours!!!! In my mind, that is a great deal. Also, the BYOB is the real seller.The one complaint I agree with is that you might find it awkward getting your drink on here with all of the little kids around! The back room that is available for parties is a big plus too.
5	I loveeee this place!!!!!!  Video games, byob, snacks what more can you ask for. I love that you can bring your own beer or wine into this place!!  There are some great deals for college ID night and all you can play but I'm not going to lie two to three hours is a perfect amount of time. The owner is great and helped fix a game that was malfunctioning right away when i asked, how cool!! Being able to bring your own beer is also a great addition and a great way to spend a date or hang out with friends.   I would suggest this place for everyone. Kid friendly, adult friendly, group friendly!!!
5	Games an'at hosted a very fun party for us today! We had about 15 guests, for which they gave us a special room with lots of tables  and plenty of room for our guests. They only charged us the usual fee of 11.00 per person, so there was no surcharge for the party room. Food and beverages were extra and we had to bring our own cake, but the service was wonderful and the staff was courteous. The unlimited games was a great value, and what was lovely was that if there were guests that did not want to play, they didn't need to purchase passes, they could just hang out in the party room. Of course, everyone wavered to play! The best part is that the staff is very chill and not in your face like other arcades. We will definitely come back!
5	I absolutely love it here! The owners are very nice Pittsburgh natives that are always there. We've spent birthday parties, reunions, and just regular rainy days down there and have never been disappointed. This place is complete with a retro game room, pin ball room, ticket games, pool, and duck pin bowling. And you pay by the hour! No more lugging around quarters. They've also been bringing in local bands to play in there back party room on some nights. Fun for all ages!
5	If you want to get nostalgic while remembering the struggles of your childhood games, this is the place for you. With the added bonus of unlimited game play, of course. One minute on the pacman and now I remember why you couldn't take me anywhere as a child. I would suggest this place as a first date spot for sure. When you go to Dave and Busters, you have to constantly wait line and avoid people spilling beer on you. Here it hits the sweet spot of being intimate enough to enjoy each others company and not worry about other people in your way.You know that feeling when you go to a modern arcade and your favorite game as a child...then internally freak out? That's what it is like here, but now there are games in every room. Upstairs they have duckpin bowling (which you have to pay for, though cheap) which is very fun. Something I have never done before, which added too it. Great for any ages!
3	I really wanted to love Games N' At, but it ended up just being OK.  CMU rented out this space on a Tuesday night so we didn't have to pay the cover charge to play games.  I was so excited after looking at the website because they had skeeball!  YAY!Here is the thing, lots of the games give tickets, and you have to pay additionally for those games.  I didn't want tickets; I wanted to play.  I'm not all that into arcade games so not being able to use any of the classic pinball games or skeeball games was a let down.  Duck pin bowling is also an additional cost.  The website is just misleading.If you like pool and other arcade games, this would be an amazing place to hang out for very little money.
