5	This can't be! Days Inn is supposed to be cheap, mediocre, and bland for the close-to-middle-class folks.....this is WAY to pretty! I don't want to touch anything or I'll break something! Marble, granite, mahogony, what???? A super bar???? An awesome pool/hot tub/sauna area???Ok, I have to share a story. I didn't stay here, one of my colleagues did. I wanted to go swimming so bad but my hotel didn't have a pool- hers did. So we get there- I change into my swimsuit, go all the way down to the pool---- only to find out it's CLOSED??? WTF??? Well, there WAS NO apparent sign or anything and the doors were unlocked. So what did we do? We asked ourselves "What's the worst that could happen? They'll just ask us to get out!" So we hopped the gate going down the stairs and I turned on the hot tub on hopped in! They had it set up like a jungle so you felt like you were outside. She just lounged in a chair while I sat in the bubbles for about 20 minutes and we BS'd. When I got out and dried off, we heard someone come in the doors. It was an old attendant guy. He yelled "Who's there?" We stayed quiet. "I know you're there!" We were trapped- the bathroom/locker room doors were locked downstairs by the hot tub so we had to go up the stairs to where we came from- where he was. So- we nonchalantly hobbled up there- in the meantime the guy is asking us how we got in-- we said through the bathroom downstairs but it locked us out or someone locked it...then as we climbed back over the gate, he asked how come we knew to climb over it....OOPS! We just smiled and walked out and he just kept looking at us funny and told us we'll be kicked out of the hotel if that happens again. That was a blast.
4	This days inn is very nice.  Google mislead us and it was a little farther than we thought it was from the highway, but we found it eventually.  Note that the advertised parking amenities are for you to pay $12 per night to park in a sketchy lot across the street - not cool.  But the rooms are very nice and clean, and the staff were very friendly even though we did not speak french.
4	Montreal is so flooded with weed it makes Amsterdam look like Saudi Arabia. I've been to Vancouver and while there was alot of weed I've never seen people smoking on the street as openly and frequently as they do in Montreal. The hotel was nice, liked the location, price was right and high quality weed was abundantly available nearby.
4	What? This place totally blows away all of my preconceptions about Days Inns. I stayed here for 3 nights about a week ago for a friendly trip up north. I was expecting some low rate seedy motel but was pleasantly surprised. The room itself was a bit small but everything was well kept and clean. That's all I can ask for from a cheap inn. But what sets this place apart  is all the extra stuff they offer such as valet parking for $20 a night, coupon for free continental breakfast every morning, and a great front desk. It got a bit loud on the first night because the room next to us had a bachelor's party going on but we called the front desk and they were quick to tell the guys next door to shush. Overall, a great stay!
3	This is the first time that I have ever stayed at a Days Inn Hotel.  I don't know what is up with all the positive reviews about this place.  I had to double check the address to see if it was the correct hotel that I was about to review.  First of all, this hotel is a bit on the older side, and it shows. Originally, I was attempting to book a room at the Holiday Inn Express a couple of doors down, but all they had were smoking rooms available.  So, my fiance went to this place and ended up booking a room.Anyways, the room is small, and the decor is not really all that pleasant.  The bathroom shows signs of wear.  There is a free wi-fi connection that seems to be working pretty good.  A small refridgerator is provided, and an small outdated TV is in the room.  The TV gets really bad reception.  The picture is very snowy on each channel, and there is some kind of interference that makes it very irritating to listen to the television.  In fact, I just finished shutting it off to get a litte bit of peace and quiet.  The TV reception reminds me of the days before satalite and cable television.There are several redeeming qualities to this hotel.  The staff was really nice and friendly, and the location of this place is good.  It  is situated within walking distance to Chinatown and Old Town.  I'm sure that there are other points of interest that are close by; however, we have not had time to check out those places yet.  I'd honestly have to say that this is a 3 star hotel only because of its location.  I cannot honestly say if I'd stay here again or not.
1	I was not really impressed about this hotel! My first time in Days Inn with my family. Realy this hotel is on the older side, the rooms are small. Most of all the sanitary equipment is old and partly out of order. The beds are also marcably used. Inside the uncleand bathroom the hair of the other inhabitants, the sugar of them are still inside the coffee cubs! My family and me are glad to see a better hotel next night.
3	Good budget hotel option. Perfect location central to Old Montreal, the Village, Chinatown, Rue St Catherines (shopping) and Rue St Denis (Latin Quarter)We had issues with young hooligans partying in the room next door, but the staff here kicked them out immediately when we complained! AwesomeRoom was large but quite dated. Bad decor. Washroom clean but a bit ghetto. Lobby was equally dismal.
3	Okay, this place is ghetto, but in a somewhat fabulous way.Lobby is a bit outdated, but the reception staff were very helpful and check in was quick and easy.Bartender was cute and helpful when we were having an issue with not having a corkscrew in our room and needed to open our bottle of wine.  He also was kind enough to provide us with wine glasses from the bar instead of making us drink our bold red Italian from plastic Days' Inn cups.Sure, the place is run down and sure the carpet in the elevator was in desparate need of a good cleaning, but our room was clean as was the bathroom.  Of note, they provided us with extra towels without us having to request them.  When the reservation was made they were told that there would be 3 of us staying in the room and they made sure we had 3 sets of towels.  Awesome!The location is perfect and within walking distance to the Old Port, rue Ste. Catherine, rue St. Denis, and Parc Mont Royal, which is why I'm giving this place 3 stars.There were some rabblerousers on either side of us...we complained once on our way out to dinner and when we returned they had disappeared!  Yay for that!
4	I booked a two-night stay through Travelocity for $98/night. We didn't have high expectations since we chose the hotel for its location and only planned on using the room for showering and sleeping. The carpeting in the corridors and elevators were worn, old, dirty, and dusty. However, we were pleasantly surprised with our room. The bathroom was spacious, there was plenty of counter space, and everything was clean. The window shades and the AC/heating unit were easy to use. The beds were very comfortable. They offer free wi-fi.The best part was the location. This hotel is right smack in the middle of everything: the Latin Quarter is to the north, Chinatown is right next door, Old Montreal is south, and the shopping malls are to the west. Everything was so close by we never had to use the metro. If you do plan on using the metro, there are two stations very close by.
1	I stayed here once, and once was enough for me... The hotel was clean, that's were the good qualities end...The staff was, not so much rude, just... blank would be the best way to describe them. The rooms, and hotel itself, were very small. The room had 2 beds and a TV stand which left just enough room for 1 person to walk between them (and we had 3 guys staying there, talk about crowded). The doors around the hotel all lock behind you, meaning (and I found out the hard way, due to a slow elevator) you can't take the stairs... If you go into the stairwell you have to go all the way to the ground level, go outside (it was raining that night), walk around the building back to the front, and if it's past a certain hour you have to wait for the Front Desk clerk to buzz you in. The parking's the other thing... This is more a personal thing for me, I like to have my car parked in a garage when I'm on vacation. They have an outdoors parking lot up the block (which some might not think is in the greatest of neighborhoods). The bigger pain is, you have to get a new parking pass for your car every day it's in the lot. This can be annoying because if you do it in the morning you have to deal with the Check In wait.All in all I personally had a horrible experience in this hotel and would not recommend it to anyone... The only reason we stayed here was because we decided to take the trip late and all our other choices were booked up.
3	Stayed here for 5 days this last week. All of the decor is old and worn. It is a very very old hotel. It needs a facelift. However, the price and the location cannot be beat. We ended up paying I think $63 a night through Hotwire. Loved that rooms had fridges and free wifi. Don't have any expectatins of luxury and you won't have a problem  with the place. Service was friendly. Is about a 10 minute walk to Old Montreal. With some renovations, this place could be a gem.
4	My friend and I came to Montreal for a wheelchair tennis tournament. Originally we had a room at the Novotel, which was fantastic, however it was too far away from the host hotel. So we ended up moving to the Days Inn - Centreville and from the second we checked in I have been very impressed. The check-in was absolutely seamless and the manager Tarik Bahaj was extremely helpful. Both my friend and I are in wheelchairs and Mr. Bahaj not only helped us up to our room but then proceeded to take out all of the chairs in the room so that it was easier for us to get around. Anybody in a chair knows that two wheelchairs in one room can be like a game of Tetris getting past each other to get to the bathroom so it was really helpful. Not only that but we had asked him if they had a shower chair (a lot of people don't realize that we don't shower in our regular day chairs) but they didn't have any so Mr. Bahaj apologized and asked what kind of shower chair we needed and that he would look into purchasing some. Now to me that is a very proactive manager and we both appreciated the fact that he didn't just blow us off and just say nope sorry we don't. Mr. Bahaj also had the maintenance man come in to plug in a power strip so we could charge our phones, iPads, etc. since neither of us can get behind or even move the night stand.The entire staff has been very pleasant and helpful including the two women working in Lester's Deli which is the restaraunt connected to the hotel. The food is good and comes out in record time. They also have room service which I ordered last night and it only took about 10-15 min. for them to bring it up. My order was exactly what I wanted with no mistakes and we all know that probably 70% of the time they either take forever or forget something. I'd say the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the rooms are a bit dated, however, they are clean and comfortable and for $90 a night you can't beat it!Also the proximity to Saint-Catherine St. is great. Only a block away and you've got loads of restaraunts and shopping .
