4	One of my "Go To" places for Vitamins.  Yeah, they're kind of high priced at times, but they have a clearance rack that has great deals....anywhere from $1 to $5 for various supplements & vitamins that are normally 5-10x that price.  I also get BOGO (Buy 1 Get 1 Free) coupons in the mail every month, bonus!They have a good selection of vitamins....only the really rare, hard to find herbal supplements are difficult to find here.Their staff is always friendly.  They crack me up whenever they ask me if I have a membership card.  I was born on Guam and have an unusual last name.....everyone who works at this place is either Filipino or Guamanian, so when they find out what my last name is, they ask if I'm related to someone they know, hilarious.  It happened today when I was there and happens every time....you'd think they'd know by now!  Only one girl who sees me all the time remembers that I'm probably not related to him.Overall, it's a great shopping experience there.Will I return?  You bet!
5	I go here often and its always a great place to get my vitamins and my 5 hour energy's.   The staff is ALWAYS friendly and never hesitates to help me out with finding the right supplement or vitamin that I'm looking for.  Unlike the other reviewer, I've never had any problems with expiration dates.  The prices here are unmatched compared to what I've seen in the retail market and they have a selection that is just as good if not better than places like GNC.  Definitely check it out if you want to save money on your supps or vitamins!
3	Bizarre location at an outlet mall-same typical inflated prices as other non-outlet locations. Really disliked how half the store is packed with boxes right at the front display windows- guess they don't have a stock room?Several employees just standing around, far too many for the size of the shop and the limited amount of foot traffic this place seems to get. Store isn't juts vitamins though, has an expanding section of beauty products, including shampoos, conditioners, lotions, scrubs, and cosmetics. Don't recommend buying here though, since the products are taped-shut- wish they'd put out a labeled tester bottle for each fragrance, as few are inclined to buy without knowing that major aspect of the product.
