5	i've been taking both my dogs here for over 2 years.  they're great about fitting you in, and have long hours and open on weekends so it works for people who work.we typically see dr. watson and really like her.  she's great with the dogs and they're very comfortable around her.  the office staff is great.  they are always helpful when i have questions.they also have something called pet portal.  it allows you to keep up to date on when your dogs need a visit for shots or whatever.  you call also use it to schedule appointments, and then the office calls you to confirm.
5	I've been bringing my cats here for the last 5 years.  The entire staff is awesome.  There are 7 vets on staff and I have no single preference, because they've all been so awesome over the years.  I had 2 very old cats who were cared for through their final years here, and everything was handled with great compassion.  Brak's highest recommendation, a strong 5+ on the Brak-o-Meter.
2	Eh...have you ever gone to a time share pitch just to get free show tickets?  Well, then you have seen the GVH business model; lets get them in for their standard shots and "wellness exam" (by this, they mean, you pay us $45 and we will tell you about everything that could ever possibly go wrong with your dog, so buy our stuff!)...then, we ask questions about the dog and find ways to exploit your answers and offer you blood tests for this, medicine for that...its a huge sales gimic.  Its bull.  I do not believe I received one honest answer the whole time I was here, just answers that would create angst and justify them offering another test or shot.  I do not recommend.  Please let me know if you find a vet in Gilbert for us.  Thanks!
5	I have been taking my pets here for about 5 years and have had good experiences. Dr. Focht is my normal vet and is amazing at her job. She is also very conservative and thorough in her treatment. I also feel she has treated my pets as she would her own.
5	This 5-star review is very VERY hard to earn when it comes to my cats. In my 18 years as a cat owner I have never been pleased with my veterinarian until I came here to Gilbert Veterinary Hospital. My primary vet is Dr. Foster and I cannot say enough amazing things about this woman. She is one of the most caring individuals I have ever met and she goes above and beyond what is typically required. My three kitties have been seeing her for about four years now and as I get ready to move I can honestly say that leaving Dr. Foster will be one of the hardest things about leaving Arizona. Two years ago Dr. Foster diagnosed my (then 16 yr old kitty) with intestinal lymphoma. I was floored and so scared about the possibility of losing my first ever pet and childhood best friend. Dr. Foster's concern was unparallelled and her efforts in providing me with all the information and help I needed to make decisions was the only good thing about this time. I had paid for expensive testing (ultrasound and aspiration biopsy at a place they recommended) to uncover the reason for her weight loss, so I could not afford the pricey consultation with a veterinary oncologist. Dr. Foster wanted to ensure she was giving me the best recommendations despite her limited knowledge in feline oncology so without me asking, she called one of her oncology friends and read the lab report to her by phone! She also read up on multiple chemotherapy options before giving me my options. We chose a high dose Prednisolone hoping it would give her a little more time and make her more comfortable, well two years later she is still comfortable and enjoying her life. Now I want to make it clear that even if my little one had only made it to Dr. Foster's 2-6 month prognosis I would give the same rating on her Veterinary care. It is not within her power whether the cancer progresses slowly or quickly, that was just our luck and the will of a higher power. But Dr. Foster's efforts, her kindness, and how she goes above and beyond for her patients and their owners is what is important here. Some additional examples of why i LOVE this place:- Dr. Foster is very honest, she will tell me when she thinks I should spend money on testing/ vaccines and when it isn't necessary or when it wont make a big difference in my pet's health. She get's that I want the best possible care for my pet but that I'm also on a student budget and my resources are not unlimited- Phone calls! She will return any phone call! I've had her call me back at 7pm because she hadn't left the office yet until she was done returning all phone calls. She will give me advice over the phone and doesn't just "insist" on seeing my cats for every little thing. Also- she calls on her own every couple months to check on my kitty with cancer and inquire about her symptoms and health =)-Dr. Foster also does animal community service and even travels to Africa to spay and neuter!- I have also seen Dr. Dudley on a couple of occasions and she is awesome as well. She was very attentive to my pets and treated one of my other kitties that is insanely aggressive at the vet. Dr. Dudley was not at ALL intimidated and got the exam done despite my cat's attempt to destroy all of us for bringing her there haha.-Staff at the front and vet assistants have ALWAYS been top notch. -Price- yes a little pricey here, but i think its fair. Honestly I wouldn't go anywhere else even for cheaper rates. Some things are just worth paying for. I highly recommend giving this place a try. I have recommended it to several of my friends. One friend's kitty had fatty liver disease and had a very poor prognosis upon visiting Dr. Foster and the surgery saved her life. My other friend brings his two cats here and loves the basic care he's received.
5	Gilbert Animal Hospital was recommended to me by someone else on YELP! and I cannot thank him enough! We have a 14 year old cat that developed a strange illness about 4 years ago, out of the blue. It took 4 vet clinics, and countless 2nd and 3rd opinion vets at each clinic, to finally treat her appropriately. I thought we would never get her healed and her quality of life came into question. Most vets treated her symptoms but could not cure her long term and each time her symptoms came back they would be with a vengeance. She became withdrawn, evil to deal with because she didn't feel well, didn't want to be touched, and had open sores on her belly that she self mutilated. Finally, it was Dr. Dudley at Gilbert Veterinary who was able to pinpoint exactly what was wrong and how to treat it! Hallelujah! Now with twice weekly meds I have my girl back- her belly is completely healed, she acts like she feels like a million bucks, and is friendly again. What I thought was a last ditch effort by seeing yet another vet, and my next decision would be whether or not to let her continue suffering without quality of life, turned out to be a lifesaver! It has truly been a miracle!When one of our dogs came down with a mystery illness, we started seeing another vet at the practice first. Narrowing down what he had wasn't easy. Valley Fever?  A back injury? Nothing made sense and every day he was a little worse off until he couldn't walk at all on his own. Dr. Dudley came in and, once again, saved the day. Lyme disease was the culprit. Not common for the area, but sure enough we had recently been hiking. The day we started treating it correctly it was another miracle and he was almost instantly his old self again. Dr. Dudley has returned phone calls on weekends, late into the evening, called just to check up on them after we've been in with concerns, and offered different levels of treatment for different price points. I have never felt pressure from her to run tests, get vaccines they may not need, etc. I feel like she is just as concerned about the care of my "kids" as I am and uses a common sense approach to treatments. Our animals have all seen other vets at this practice for check ups and vaccines and they are all super nice. Our first choice will always be Dr. Dudley since we feel she has saved the lives of 2 out of 3 of our pets. With that all being said, we have been to one vet at the practice that I do feel pushes extra tests that aren't necessary and treatment options for "possible illnesses" without concrete evidence as other reviewers have noted. We have just learned to ask for Dr. Dudley first and if she isn't available and we can't change the day, we have several others we ask for to not see the one we haven't had exceptional service from.  I feel, in comparison to other vets we have experienced in the valley, you can't go wrong with this veterinary office.
5	We have been taking our dogs to Gilbert Vets since we moved here in 2008.  Throughout the care, and eventual loss, of two of our dogs, the vets and staff at Gilbert Vets have been awesome.  Dr. Focht is our absolute favorite vet at the clinic with Dr. Dudley and Dr. Bode close behind.  As an AAHA vet hospital, you know you are getting quality and comprehensive care.  No, they are probably not the cheapest vet clinic out there, but I never find their charges or recommendations superfluous or just out to make money.  They are pretty much in line with any AAHA accredited vet hospital where I have taken my dogs.  They genuinely care about your pets and recommend treatment accordingly.  If you are looking for a vet hospital to take care of your furry children, then this is the place for you.
5	I've been going to Gilbert Veterinary Hospital for quite a few years now.  I had two cats that developed kidney problems, and they were absolutely amazing.  Dr. Bode and Dr. Focht are really great - they ask a lot of questions, gave me some great advice - and were always wonderful with my two cats.  Eventually I lost both of my cats to kidney disease, and they were so caring - and gave me a paw print of both my cats to keep.  After a couple of years of not having cats, I adopted two beautiful little girl kittens - and I wouldn't take them anywhere else.  They just received their one year check-up, and Dr. Focht was great as always.  She's so good with the cats - talks to them - and took a lot of time to answer my many questions and even discuss desert tortoises (we both have one).  I love Gilbert Veterinary Hospital!
5	I have been going to Gilbert Vet for well over 20 years and can't imagine going anywhere else! I now travel from Northest Mesa for all the care that these amazing people give my animals. They have cared for all my pets from birth to passing, as a partner friend and rock to rely on! Everyone at Gilbert Vet is amazing but I have to say a special thank you to Dr. Scott for all she has done over the years. She is one amazing lady and it shows in all she does!If you have a choice don't go any where else!
1	We just moved here from the Midwest and have been staying with my daughter in her apartment in Mesa while we wait to move into our house. I was recommend by a friend who knew the receptionist that worked there. We have a 21 month old pure bred collie who just had all his shots before we came to this area! He caught a virus from the dog park at the apartment complex. They never called me back with his fecal exam test results! I paid at the time of our dogs appoint for prescription dog food and two prescriptions for him. I got for prescription at the appointment. They said they would call me when the prescription dog food and the second prescription came into their office for me to come and pick up. They never called! I called. I went and picked up the dog food. Five days later the second RX still never came in and still no phone calls from them even though I was calling them . Finally, I called and asked for my money back from the second RX that I never received. They even sent me a postcard saying my collie need his shots after I gave them his records from our vet back home. We found another Vet in Chandler who we are much happier with who calls us back, has the prescriptions in stock. Gilbert Veterninary Hospital called me and wanted to know if I had requested them to get my pets records from their clinic. I just told them yes? You would think they would get a clue on how they treated me and my pet! Some people really treat their animals as part of their families and you don't take their care lightly! I'm glad this wasn't a child but it was my child with four furry paws! I think that are out just to make money here and just want to rack on the charges! The other vet also told me my Rocky could keep getting this and told me how to prevent it. Where Gilbert was telling me if it happened again that it would require additional testing and was probably colitis! I found out the virus was going around between the other dogs in the apartment complex!
5	After moving to Arizona 8 months ago, I wanted to find a vet for my cat. Nothing was wrong with him, just wanted to establish a relationship with a local vet for routine exams and in case anything major were to happen. I decided to try Gilbert Veterinary out and I'm glad I did! Everyone from the moment I walked in to the moment I walked out was super nice! The vet took her time and didn't rush me at all! I inquired about a couple of  products for my cat and they gave me pricing but also told me that I could buy the same thing at the local pet store or online and it might be cheaper. Wow! When I was checking out, I was sure they forgot to add something to the bill because the price was way cheaper than I expected, nothing was left off the bill and it was my correct total. What a bonus! Great vet!!
5	This is an extremely caring group of doctors. We have been coming here for 10 years now and they have been caring for my Bichon through all of her illnesses and problems. Whenever she needs to be seen, they make sure they get us in.  They are patient and kind. I have seen every doc in the practice and I really like them all but I am partial to Dr Patterson. She is so completely loving and patient with us and I really feel her empathy for us. I highly recommend this group to anyone who is looking for a great veterinary clinic.
