2	Go Daddy is hit or miss which is such a shame. They have the domain game down perfectly. Meaning they are the most well priced on the web and have the best back end UI for managing your purchases etc.  I own a few hundred with them. Here's where they fall short. Their hosting support and domain support isn't very good. I once had an issue that I called in a dozen times in 2 months for. Not to mention, the latest string of technical support issues that had me calling in 6 times in a day for something as simple as "How do I create a new FTP user password that works for my IT guy?" Yeah that took 2 days to resolve effectively.  What's worse is that I even had a guy tell me to call back between 9am and 6pm to get someone who could help me better after I was on the phone with him for 30 mins. I am not sure if that was a blessing or a curse. If you can find an alternative option for hosting or domain support I would go with it. Too often every representative tells you something different and you'll surely end up frustrated and yelling at the world after a few transfers and call backs.  If you just need to buy and sell domains. They're perfect.
2	Godaddy is top of mind with me because they do a lot of advertising. I have been a customer for 10+ years. Their systems are very skillfully integrated and seamless. I ordered all of my domains and did some web hosting which was very seamless. Better than most other small business hosting companies I would say. My only criticism, and it's a big one, is that godaddy's abuse team kicked us out of their network for sending email on a single day to a single disgruntled customer of ours. The customer alleged abuse and unquestioningly, Godaddy believed them and in an extremely threateningly way told us we had 48 hours to pay a fine or face having our domains and hosting be shut down. To their credit, the abuse dept did respond when I replied and they did grant 10 day extensions, which is reasonable for any kind of action like this. However, I found them to be one-sided in heir judgements and threatening. Their lack of transparency and threats to disable our service made it a very stressful experience, but I was able to keep it together and transfer our services to other providers. Compared to the IRS and local governments, I think go-daddy takes a HARSHER and more demanding stance deadline/time-wise when they feel a wrong has been done. Based on my experiences, I believe that godaddy is not friendly to marketers when a dispute arises. I wish godaddy the best of luck and I would urge them to soften their judge mental messaging, disclose time frames upfront and provided alleged offenders with a more fair and transparent process for investigating and resolving alleged rule violations. As for me, I'm taking a 10 year vacation from godaddy.
1	No matter the issue, the problem, their incompetence, or just having to contact them with a question, their employees are THE MOST arrogant, aloof, patronizing, and rude of any Customer Service people I have ever been forced to deal with.  It it pure torture to deal with them.  To this date, I have never talked to one that doesn't fall into at least two of the categories mentioned above.
5	Wow what a company! I've called twice in last two days for support setting up a website and they are the highest trained, most courteous and energetic call center ever! Very impressed!!
1	I've been a loyal long-term customer of GoDaddy for over 7 years & have purchased many products. Yesterday, I purchased another domain and attempted to add it into one of my hosted accounts so I could make it a primary domain. I tried following instructions, but messed up and ended up deleting my hosted site. My website is now gone. Yikes! I called customer service right away & was told they could bring it back but they would charge me $150. I was shocked. I'm a small business owner and having to purchase my own hosted website back is not in my budget.  The nice guy said he would check with his manager and the best they could do was to charge me $75 to give me back my site. That's crazy.I don't have the money right now to pay them to give me back my website.I am very disappointed and feel very let down by GoDaddy.
1	This used to be the Best Domain Registrar Group around, and we have purchased a lot of products thru them, plus referred them to customers & friends. However, after the last couple of purchase experiences with them - I have realized they have lost their Customer-first focus, so I have started to look around and suggest you do the same. Three experiences that spell Bad Practices: 1. The Discount Domain Club Pricing shows you a price comparison site online and it shows a Sale price on the last column, but you need to click on the bottom of the page to find out that the sale price is for new purchases only not renewals, and 2. We purchased one of the new domain extensions, and a few weeks later - we get an unapologetic letter saying that sorry, but they made a mistake. Unacceptable on both counts, and again, sorry to see what I would always recommend as the best to these type of bad consumer practices. 3. Free Instant Page that came with domain no longer valid (even after purchasing with that promise) - They sent out a letter to folks who bought many of their domains that came with a free instant page offer letting us know that the instant page would go away.Hope they get their Customer Focus back and get rid of the strategic advisors who suggested these bad service changes.
1	The toughest part about this review is that I have to give any stars at all.  GoDaddy customer service is awful.  My domain expired, despite having my account on autopay. No emails or calls from GoDaddy.  They just turned my company's website off.  When I called and tried to work with them, they were inflexible and charged an an exorbitant (extortionist)  redemption fee that was over and above what ICANN charges them (nearly $100). They also charged a higher-than-industry-average fee for the domain renewal.  I will be bringing my business to another registrar and suggest that you heed horror stories like this before giving them your money.  I am considering legal action and consumer complaints to applicable regulatory bodies.  Yes, it's over $100, but it truly is about the principle here.
1	Go Daddy obviously doesn't support the web. They supported SOPA & PIPA. Also the web hosting service on this service isn't good. Just don't go for this host even for domain registration. There are so many other options.
5	I see so much negative on here and I just find it all hard to believe.  I have logged many calls into Go Daddy support and am constantly amazed at the level of support.  They are fast, courteous, helpful and consistent!  If you are non-technical and need to manage a site, I don't think you can go wrong using go daddy.
1	Not a happy camper ! It's been way to long since I have been having issues with the emails. At least 3 days out of the week I cannot send/receive emails.  Once you get them in the phone it's like a Russian roulette,you hope you will get a rep who doesn't sound like they hate their job so much. They keep sending you do things in the wrong direction and each rep has a different idea of what causes the problem and how to fix it. It takes them forever to admit it's their problem and not your actual internet provider. Using their services was a mistake and unfortunately switching to a diff provider is way too much headache but it seems like there is no other choice. So annoyed !
1	It's ironic that I got on Yelp to write what I now see many others have written about GoDaddy.  They used to be the best and I've been a customer for more than 6 years.  Recently, their sales tactics are questionable as is their support.  They have a policy that requires you to CALL in not email tech issues and it can't be resolved with you HOLDING ON TO THE PHONE LINE, so not only do you have tech issues but your own irreplaceable time is further wasted.  I've spend HOURS on the phone with them and what's my time worth?!?!  My site was down 3 days, I called immediately and after 3 days I found NOTHING was done and it's still "in the queue".  I even emailed the CEO Blake Irving (blake@godaddy.com) and got no response.The bottom line is AVOID THIS COMPANY IF YOU VALUE YOUR TIME AND YOUR WEB SITE.  I'm going to find a way to take my sites OFF of them and fine someone worth staying with and I'll check YELP this time BEFORE I commit.AVOID THEM!!!
5	Just wanted to thank Go Daddy for helping my websites find a new home when a less reputable service (Green Geeks) shut my account down and stole my money.Go Daddy has top notch customer service, I have never experienced a site outage and charge reasonable fees for their services.  Thank you so much, it is a pleasure to do business with you and I hope to maintain this relationship for years to come.
1	They kill "park" your website if the first attempt to collect on auto pay fails !!!??????  Then if you forget your pin . What person writes those down now a days .....YOU CANT PAY !!! Are you kidding me ??? I understand they have to  make sure that the person that they are talking to is an authorized user BUT make it hard to cancel not pay !!!!! Come on people this is nuts . My website expired on a Sunday !!!!!!
1	garbage host and their adds on products are simply trash! i tried their products in the morning and only want one domain name and one host! however for a few misleading clicks i ended up with purchased two hosts and one misleading click add on trash product! what's worse, when i checked my bills, i found there is a strange forth item was placed!!! alright, when i contacted customer service to process my refund, the funny thing is, the cs person told me all purchases will be refund to my credit cards!!!however she deliberately refund one of them to " store credit". when i pointed out she had to reverse "store credit" to normal "refund"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! till now there is still one refund pending process , which she claimed needs approval of manger!!! oh shit, maybe i have to deal with them agian !!!!last suggestion: run away from this garbage company!
4	I've had a very difficult time with a simple issue, I just need to get into my profile after a mistake was made at my company, but as usual it is very hard to get assistance. I LOVE their software, but have even left the following on all of their social media to try and get their attention and maybe get a real response instead of getting shrugged off. "Hello team,I really need help unlocking my profile, so far the support realm has been a bit useless. How can I log in if I have been locked out?"(Update) This was my fault for accessing with the old company log in. (we used Go Daddy years ago). No wonder no one could help. I love you guys! I am so sorry, but I was frustrated really late last night and complained on here, but I just want to say, this all got fixed so well! Thank you for being just an amazing company!
1	I manage 5 major accounts with godaddy, each account worth about $300 annually. Godaddy use to be good, not anymore. I am going to cancel all of those accounts because of a situation that was treated incorrectly. No nickel and dimeing me or any of my customers for your lack of communication and mishandling. Your control panel has several flaws and that isn't the customers fault. My account and all of my sub accounts will be terminated by the end of next week as we plan on moving to a different host all together, get your sh!t together before you lose a lot more.
1	A year after cancelling all services we suddently get another charge on our Amex. Turns out that all the services has "magically" been renewed and auto-renewing has been turned on. Impressive how that happens all by itself.Anyway, called in to cancel again, and made a dispute through Amex. To my surprise, you can't cancel your account with GoDaddy - it will exist forever. That's their company policy. So unless you want to be in ther system forever, and get obscure random charges, be careful with signing up.PS: "John" from billing, didn't want to help, and claimed that he didn't have a supervisor that I could talk to about the issue.
1	GoDaddy is the worst place for a small business to buy a domain or any kind of web services. After canceling my services and turning off auto renew they continued to bill me and were not willing to delete my account. I tried to remove my credit card info so they would stop trying to steal money from under my nose and it was extremely difficult to do. When I called in the supporter said it is not possible to delete my account and that there was no supervisor to help, then put me on hold and never came back.GoDaddy engages in unethical practices and their customer service is nonexistent. They lie to keep your account open and charge your card hoping that you won't notice.FRAUDULENT. SCAM ALERT. THIS COMPANY SHOULD BE SHUT DOWN. DESERVES NEGATIVE STARS.
3	Big shout out and thanks to Heather M. and the GoDaddy Tweet Team for honoring our long-standing business relationship and reimbursing me via an account credit to use on future GoDaddy purchases.Scott C. should still be expecting coal in the stocking he fashioned out of ToS papers. Sorry, buddy, Santa is always watching and has Terms of Service like whoa attached to his "Naught List." You might want to review the fine print.
1	I must agree with Diana! GoDaddy is the worst place for a small business to buy a domain.They contacted me on January to buy a new type domain. I fall for it and I asked the renewal price. The stated in the phone that it only going to be $ 25/ year.  I couldn't renew my domain until this month! But surprise!!  Domain renewal will be $ 400 a year!! So, after I invested lots of money in branding and advertising I have to find out about this huge increase on renewal. Thanks GO Daddy for the big scam!!I contacted them and they state that is nothing they can do!!!
1	I recently contacted GoDaddy because i was unable to access my FTP. I had not used it for serveral months as I found the DropBox product far superior. After many failed attempts to enter using my login and password, i contacted customer service. In explaning my inability to gain access i spent 90 minutes on the phone with no resutlts. In fact the rep wrapped up our call by telling me my email program was going to more expensive starting the beginning of the year sometime. It wasn't until i called the third time that i was told that GoDaddy changed my password without telling me. I will be changing providers. The only thing there customer service is good  for is reminding you that certain products are expiring and need to renewed now.
1	They'll reel you in with their awesome $1 a month hosting and after it lapses they charged me $8.99 a month. Way to treat a repeat customer. They also lied about the coupon code - check my chat transcription as they claimed the best they could do is 5% off a renewal and when I told them I would find another hosting company 'Emily' magically happened to find 32% off. Weak as hell.
2	Problems, problems, and more problems.  Low prices on domain names, but almost all their other products are a complete disappointment.  You get what you pay for, I guess. It seems like they intentionally went out of their way to make their Website Builder so hard to use - it's like something out of 1995 (remember Geocities and Geobuilder? I do!!  Theirs is the same thing only worse!)  It doesn't work on certain browsers.  They want you to hate it so you'll upgrade to one of their higher-priced hosting packages where you can upload your own files.  Luckily I only paid them 15 bucks for the domain and the year of Web Builder aka Website Tonight, which I later cancelled.  I tried to do an upgrade of that website that I started to build on Web Builder ($108 for that), but it didn't go through.  Their system couldn't handle the change from Web Builder to regular FTP hosting (where you write your own files and upload them yourself).  I ended up cancelling that too.  Big waste of time - but I appreciate that they didn't give me hell or refuse to refund.Be careful, if you do business with them, about the payments and renewals.  Their renewal rates are often way higher than their introductory specials.  Also, if you pay with Paypal, they will immediately suck the funds FROM YOUR CHECKING ACCOUNT ASSOCIATED WITH THE BANK CARD YOU HAVE ON FILE WITH PAYPAL.  Godaddy will never tell you that though.  So unless you have a balance of dollars in your Paypal account, the funds will be directly transferred from the checking account, and not show up as a credit card transaction on your *credit card statement.* The same goes for renewals.  They're usually good about tipping you off about renewal dates - but not about the funds they will be taking.  So, keep on top of it because they will pull whatever funds you've contractually agreed to and it might be higher than you expected.And what's with them being so incredibly cheap that they don't even have a toll-free phone number?  C'mon guys!
2	Terrible for webhosting and email.  This is 2015 and they still use POP email, meaning I can view a message on mobile, and it won't appear in my email since it can only be downloaded once.  You can upgrade to IMAP, but (of course) that will cost you!The dashboard from which you create your site is incredibly clunky and button-heavy.  It's also very, VERY user un-friendly.  From a business perspective, how can you not have a website counter so I know if the marketing material I sent out was effective?  That's right- they don't even offer a simple webcounter.  Instead, I need to download a code from an unsecure website and place it on the website, which looks tacky to customers.I really, really wish I went with another company.
1	I would choose zero stars if that was an option! We have been with godaddy for 6 years and have always had great service, but in the last year that has gone completely down the toilet. They have totally screwed us over on our website by telling us that it was necessary for us to upgrade from the version 6 to the version 7, but they don't warn you about all the problems you'll experience or that you can be de-indexed by google because there's no actual transferring of info or keywords or anything. It's like completely starting over! Don't do it to yourself! And when we called and asked for help they told us that they no longer offer help like that, instead just go through the tutorials. That's okay, we are switching to another company that has been very helpful in working with us on a new & much improved website. The reason for the switch is that this company has the same great customer service that godaddy once had. Godaddy has forgotten that it is all of the little people that got them to be the big company they are today.
