5	I'm a car guy and I can spot a fellow car guy and that folks at Tullock are car guys. This family-owned shop is friendly, knowledgeable and most importantly honest. It's easy for mechanics to take advantage of customers that wouldn't know better. These guys don't do that at all. Plus, if you're info older and classic cars, they can do a restoration too. If you're looking for an honest mechanic to help your car last that much longer (as we all are), give Todd a call
5	I was in Charlotte visiting family over Spring Break when my engine started misfiring.  It was Good Friday afternoon and I was planning to drive back to Chicago the following day. All the auto shops were going to be closed for the holiday weekend, so I knew I had to get it taken care of that day.  I called and spoke to Todd, who told me it might be a bigger job than they had time for, but told me to bring it right over and he'd see what he could do. I'm SO glad I brought it there.  Three men worked together to quickly diagnose the problem, go get the part I needed, WASHED the car while they were waiting for the part (just to be nice!!) and solved my problem in about an hour.  The price they charged me was much less than I expected, and I can honestly say it was the BEST car repair experience I have ever had.Please take your car to these guys with confidence.  There's just no way you'll regret it.
5	I can't believe how friendly and nice the mechanic named Todd was!! First time visiting there today had a alternator belt that squeals really loudly when I started up the car. Was quite embarrassing and annoying with this problem. So I decided to get it fixed and found this place on yelps with good reviews I had no choice but to go here since I stay down the road and the shop reviews was what I was looking for. Todd came to my assistance as I literally opened that door and took a few steps Into the lobby. Got my car done and right away in under 5 MINS!! Fixed the problem ALSO gave me a deal to help get my AC working when I decide to get it fixed. All I gotta say is I can highly recommend this place. Even though I only visited one time first impressions had me at awe. Ill definitely come back here again!! Hard to find good business like this place  these days.  Thanks! Randy.T
5	I was looking  around for a place to take my car when I came across reading reviews about Tullock Automotive.  Convinced by the reviews I decided to call in.  All I can say was they were absolutely awesome and friendly.  They were able to quickly diagnose the problem of my car and get it done.  I now take my car to Tullock Automotive because I know that I won't get sucked in by some other places that overcharge and don't always do the best job.  It has a very family oriented atmosphere with Todd's wife working there too.    I totally agree with everyone's reviews that Todd and the guys at Tullock Automotive is the place to take your car.   You WILL not be disappointed!!  So happy that I found these reviews helpful!!!  Highly recommended!!!
5	When my girlfriend and I moved from NY we had to find someone reliable and trustworthy to work on our vehicles.  Tullock automotive has not disappointed us.  Todd, his wife and the rest of his staff have been our go to for anything automotive while we have lived here.  Their flexibility, honesty and friendliness are why we keep coming back.  If you live in the area or not they are worth the drive to check them out.  You will not be disappointed in the service.  Tullock automotive is a great local business in Stallings.  If you have vehicle issues do not hesitate to give them a call.
5	I cannot express how pleased I was doing business with Tullock Automotive.  New to the area and not a clue where to take my vehicle for service, I decided to try Tullock Automotive as it was close to where I lived.  I am not very knowledgeable about vehicles and every time I took my car there I never felt taken advantage of.  Todd and his staff are phenomenal.  Not only do they do terrific automotive work, but they are genuinely great people.  I only stayed in the area for a year and a half, but my vehicle visited Todd multiple times (tires, oil changes, O2 censor, accident repair, etc.).  I can honestly say I was disappointed when we were leaving the area because I was saddened to think I had to find someone else to take care of my vehicle as well as Todd and his staff did.  I left there feeling like family, not just some random customer.  Great people who I would always give business to and would recommend to anyone and everyone.  They're 5+ stars, without a doubt.
5	I came to Tullock because my wife and i are big on Yelp. I recently purchased a vehicle after i lost my other car in a recent auto accident. The car i purchased had numerous issues and financially i was in a bind. I came hoping that I'd find a mechanic that was honest and that wouldn't take advantage of me. All i can say is Mr. Tullock went above and beyond his duties to help me. I can't even begin to say how thankful i am for his service! Mr. Tullock is a man of integrity and character! I seldom have ever came across people like him. Not only did i find a mechanic i made a friend! There's no one else I'd even trust my car with! All i can say is my family and i thank him from the bottoms of our hearts! We are in your debt sir! Tullock Automotive is 2nd to none! Hands down best shop in Matthews maybe even in all of North Carolina!
5	Todd is a great mechanic good person! His wife was so very nice I have told a lot of people about this place just because of his character! Thank you todd so very much as soon as I get my new hot rod its your to fix!
