5	Anyone who knows me knows I tend to be a cheapskate, or I'll pick up nice(r) things from a local consignment shop, eBay, etc. rather than pay retail.  There are, however, a very small subset of things for which I'll make exceptions due to the quality or some other "thing" about them that knocks me off my feet. lucy is one of those things. I was first introduced to lucy when a friend bought a cute shirt for me as a gift. I'd never heard of lucy, but the comfort of this shirt grabbed me and held on -- it quickly became my favorite piece of I'm-not-at-work attire. Fast-forward to Phoenix where, lo and behold, I found a lucy store at Scottsdale Fashion Square. I walked in and WHOA -- blown away by all the exercise attire, and it's all for women. I lucked up on this visit because they were having their semi-annual bottoms sale (25% off). I stocked up on a couple, and grabbed a couple shirts from the sale rack. lucy's clothing seems like it's mostly for yoga, but I wear the trainer pants during cardio/strength workouts, and the yoga pants on my MTB due to the tight fit. The shirts are cut to fit a woman. I spent some time this weekend purging my Nike and other old workout stuff. All of my lucy-wear doubles as weekend and lounging-around attire as well, even when I'm not working out -- yes, it's that cute and that comfortable.After a few weeks of brutal assault at the hands of a new personal trainer and the subsequent loss of 10+ pounds, I was back at lucy this weekend for more stuff. What timing -- this time it was 25% of all tops, whether they were on sale or not. Sweet! No kidding on how comfy lucy stuff is -- socks, shirts, pants for cardio and pants for MTB -- love it all! They also have sports bras, but I'm quite blessed in that department and alas, cannot wear lucy sports bras. To be fair to my fellow female shoppers, lucy is expensive -- but so worth it. (After my first visit to the store, my bank called to confirm the transaction was legit!)  The employees at this store have always been cheerful, helpful, and quite knowledgeable about the various lucy products. One of them, Ashleigh, has been there both times I visited and is super sweet and helpful. lucy is on the ground floor of the mall, on the east side of the food court and across from Anthropologie.
5	Really nice staff tonight. It was my first time in- my mom said the yoga pants were a must try on .. So I bought them right after! Great pants , like how they carry "long" fit. The two gals working tonight were very sweet - they seemed happy when I was happy. That's always a good feeling !
