4	If you have never gone antique/vintage shopping on 7th, you are really missing out.  There are so many wonderful and unique shops to visit on such a short stretch of road.  Rust and Roses is definitely in the Shabby Chic category in terms of the pieces they carry.  Along with some really great iron pieces in the back there is some great artwork and random pieces inside the store.  Our most recent vintage purchase came from here.  We got a beautiful repurposed cabinet door that has an inset of chalkboard.  This is just one example of the many great pieces at this store.  They also carry a decent selection of jewelry near the checkout counter.  I noticed that in general, the prices were pretty moderate and comparable to other similar stores in the area.  I really like this store and I am very glad I stopped in this weekend.
5	If you're looking for shabby chic, rustic furniture and decor - look no further! I LOVE Rust & Roses and my house shows it. It can be hit or miss and pretty overwhelming, so I prefer going with a purpose, but usually don't leave empty handed. They have a huge variety of furniture and different washes and the price is right. I usually can't get over how reasonable the prices are. We've purchased a mantel, couple dressers, chair, table, etc. from here and have always been thrilled with our new treasures. I agree - the owner isn't over the top friendly, but I prefer her non-agressive approach and lets you just walk and browse. Be sure to go out back and scout for outdoor finds - windows, doors, patio furniture, etc. If you have more money to spend also check out Figs, Paris Envy and Melrose Vintage. All similar stuff, but Rust and Roses prices are the best.
3	The outside had the coolest things, with lots of metal art and yard items. The inside was disappointing. Not much to be excited about, didn't see much of anything interesting.
4	This place has some of the coolest stuff ever! You have got to check out the outside area out back, AMAZING finds! Inside the shop you will find all kinds of neat stuff you never knew you needed and a sweet little orange tabby sleeping amongst the treasures. It does get a bit warm in there during the hot months.
4	There are some really interesting finds at Rust and Roses for indoors and outdoors. From antiques to new pieces of furniture, this place has some really beautiful pieces. I really liked the antique paintings and jewelry at the store and there were some really cool hand crafted items. Definitely a cool place to check out.
4	Despite the cheesy, 80s-hair-band name, Rust and Roses is actually a pretty rad place. It's definitely heavy on the French shabby chic -- think chippy white painted scrolly wood pieces. There are some hidden gems throughout that are more up my alley, though, such as rusted old gym storage baskets and vintage lab style stools. I was able to pick up a few pieces for my new industrial-punk-rock-meets-log-cabin pad for just a few bucks. My main complaint is that the hours sort of suck for people with normal jobs (close at 5 pm weekdays), so it limits apres-work impulse shopping... but definitely a place I will add to my list for Saturdays.
1	Great stuff but the owner is rude and unhelpful.
4	Stopped in while roaming the Melrose/7theAve Street Fair.   I have always been a fan of shops that specialize in Antique/Reclaimed/Refurbished items. You never know what you are going to find in the nooks and crannies.  Shops like this are always an adventure (hit or miss for some).  They have a relatively large interior with a couple of rooms of stuff.  They also have a patio area with more items.  Since I was just browsing and not looking to buy necissarily I paid no mind to the fact that I was left alone to look...which I generally prefer anyway. They have a varied selection of indoor and outdoor furniture and other decorative accessories. I really need to got back and take a closer look.
2	Happened by R&R the other day while going to the 7th Ave. shops.  It was inspiring and had things that caused me to covet.  However, the prices were sky high.  Take, for instance, the burlap pillows; I love the look, but the prices were over $50.  I went to another little vintage shop by the light rail and bought a huge one from France WITH feather pillows inside for only $27.  The lady working at R&R was just okay, only because I'm outgoing and she sort of had to talk to me. ;-)  Anyway, it's okay, but the antique mall at the corner of 7th Ave and Indian School Rd is MUCH better. (It's called Zinnia's I think.)
4	Despite having been to Sirens and Saints next door several times, I have never been to Rust and Roses. They even have an open walkway between the two stores allowing you to walk to the other while within one of the two shops. There are some really beautiful items inside. There are also goods in the back outside. The lady who worked there was quiet but friendly and was helpful with what I was looking for. I ended up picking out two glass bottles with stoppers ($3.50 and $2.50) that I plan to use to serve water when we have dinner guests. I was expecting to spend more on the glass bottles, so I found the price to be extremely reasonable. Overall, I was very happy with my find and think I'll be back to check out their changing inventory.
5	Can I tell you how happy I found this place!?  Omg. Who knew.  Its so hidden..well.. hard to see when I drove by. Haha. But omg. From tables to dishes mirrors to luggages. Ahhhhh im in heaven. Then walked right into sirens and saints.  Beautiful clothing,  scarves,  jewelry and other unique stuff.  No one greeted me nor got help. It was better that way anyways. Lolz. I was too busy admiring these beautiful boutiques.
2	I will occasionally visit for display inspiration but Sky high prices...what is melrose coming to? Not to mention, cold shoulder customer service and snarky comments.
4	This is my favorite antique store on 7th ave for a more shabby chic feel but without being too overdone. The owners of this shop do a great job of curating a store that has a little practical and a little whimsy around each corner. I really like their work benches that they have for sale outside. Lots of great dressers, sideboards, dining tables, old signage letters, some metal work and more - definitely worth stopping in on a weekend antiquing jaunt!
3	This was mine and my sister's first time coming here.  Absolutely love the antique and garden side.  The 2 ladies working were phenomenal!!! However upon entering the boutique side, the salesclerk working did not even acknowledge us nor offered to assist.  She seemed "bothered" by our presence.  When we proceeded to ask questions, all we received back was short choppy answers.  This is a customer service based industry-if you don't have it, don't do it!!! Especially when a business is trying to promote "shop locally owned"....
