5	I can't rate this wonderful, caring Doctor highly enough.  He has changed my life.  He is smart and determined, but certainly no pushover.  His goal is to fix you as best a Dr. can, and he will drag you kicking and screaming to where you need to be, not where you think you should be.  (If you're a pill seeker don't even bother.  If he doesn't see through you in five seconds it's because his highly trained and professional office staff already did.)  This place is amazing for those who truly want to get better.    Thanks Dr C.!
5	Dr. Castillo has changed my life and has been my trusted Doctor for over ten years now.  Words cannot describe how well he does his job.  I have had two low back surgeries and he has advised me not to have any more surgeries due to the fact that I am now having problems with Scar Tissue.  He is a master of his trade and actually will sit down and listen to you and spend time with you unlike a lot of other doctors I have seen.  I am still athletic and have a much greater quality of life due to Doctor Castillo's treatments....  He studies your condition and understands exactly what is needed to seek out your problem and get it fixed.  I would recommend Dr. Castillo to anyone with any type of chronic pain or Low back or neck pain.  His staff is also caring and attentive to my needs each and every time I visit him.  He and his staff are simply AWESOME !!
1	Worst experience with a pain management doctor I've ever had. Doesn't listen or seem to care.
5	Dr. Castillo has saved my life not once but twice - once in 2009 and again this year.  He has brought me back from the abyss of misery and pain from degenerative disc disease in my neck and has made my life worth living again.  He is kind, caring, patient, and spends as much time with you as you need to understand your condition and his prognosis.  I have met very few people, let alone doctors, who have made me feel as comfortable and unintimidated as Dr. Castillo.  His staff is wonderful.  They fun and upbeat and go to great lengths to get you the treatment you need.  And they do this while working with patients in great pain and dealing with uncooperative and difficult insurance companies.  But I feel like part of the family when I go into the office.  I could not recommend Dr. Castillo more strongly and I agree completely with the other patients who have given him a 5-star rating.  I think you will too.
