5	I met Kelly Garcia Sunday at the Craftsman Court farmer's market in Old Town - She is my cupcake hero. I figured I would wait for some sort of occasion to get myself to another bakery for cupcake testing but Sunday morning the cupcake came to me! I used to make fun of Argentinean hotels that offered breakfast cupcakes and then here I was at 10AM buying a chocolate cupcake with vanilla buttercream frosting and tiny lavendar sugar pearls. The cupcake: You can tell immediately when someone loves their work, and while I didn't speak to Kelly for any length of time she told me everything I needed to know as soon as I bit into the cupcake. This woman knows cupcakes. My cupcake was light as air - it was that magic blend of moist cake fluffed with air, not to sweet but distinctly chocolate-y, oh it was soooo good. Even the buttercream was light, it was silky too, like maybe it had been made with confectioners sugar because it was so smooth. The frosting was on the high end of the sweet spectrum for me, but the textures mixing around in that cupcake made it spectacular. A single cupcake ran me $3 and I didn't ask about pricing on dozens but she did tell me that she offers free delivery in Scottsdale. I just now went to her website where she says she will make you any and every kind of cupcake you could want.  Vanilla cupcake with lemon curd filling and lemon buttercream? yes please. Chocolate with peppermint buttercream? oh mama. I also noticed a sign on her stand that said she could make gluten-free and I bet she could keep me in vegan cupcakes too. oh lord this is very very bad...
4	Best frosting ever (buttercream) and nice people behind the product. Tried a decadent chocolate cupcake at Tempe Arts Festival. Follow them on Twitter: http://twitter.com/butterandme
4	Let me qualify my review by stating that I have not been to Butter & Me.  I have had their yummy mini cupcakes at a Yelp event.I tried the red velvet mini cupcake.  It was really good.  Moist and flavorful with a rich creamy frosting.  Yum.  I chased it with few sips of Cruz tequila.  Hey, it was in my other hand.I also tried a chocolate mini cupcake.  Yummy.  Again, moist and delicious.  I don't know how they keep the mini ones from drying out.  When I make mini muffins at home they dry out easily (that is if any survive the first half hour...the survival rate for any kind of pastry in my vicinity is exceedingly low).I also garnered a few extra cupcakes to take back to my wife and a friend and score points.  Mini cupcakes=brownie points.
5	I was not really a fan of the cupcake, that is, until I tried the cupcakes for Butter & Me at the Citadelle Plaza's Twilight Farmers Market.  The Owners enticed me with their beautiful presentation: desserts and cupcakes in glass and attractive serving pieces and she wears this adorable cupcake apron.  I bought a sampling of all they had to offer and thought maybe my daughter would appreciate the cupcakes.  My husband ate them on the way home from the market!  The following week, we got our own (no sharing!) cupcakes and they are light delicious and not too sweet, which is the best part to me.  It's become a family addiction.
5	Having finally gotten the full experience, I feel totally qualified to review this establishment.  I met Kelly at a Yelp event after following her (@butterandme) on Twitter for a few weeks, having been randomly introduced to her account.  She advertised a free dozen cupcakes to the first person who came up to her at the Yelp event (Yelp Rocks at Martini Ranch) and uttered the password.  I won, and, as they say, the rest is history.  I had no opportunity to use a dozen cupcakes until the 4th of July weekend, at a friends' barbecue.  I called Kelly and  ordered the cupcake that had been my favorite at the Yelp event - coconut, with cream cheese frosting.  She asked about decoration, and my eyes immediately glazed over and my palms began sweating.  I asked if she was doing any special decorations for the Fourth weekend, and she suggested some miscellaneous color-coordinated decorations, to which I gladly agreed.  We arranged to have her deliver the cupcakes to a friend's house in Scottsdale, who would later bring them to the barbecue.  Everything went swimmingly, and when I saw the cupcakes, I was pleasantly impressed.  They looked great!  Later, when we broke them out, we all had to agree that they were fantastic.  The coconut cream cheese cupcake is sweet, but not too sweet, resulting in an absolutely perfectly light, moist, flavorful cupcake.  I defy anyone to eat half of one and deny its greatness.  I will order cupcakes from Kelly again and again - they are a big hit, and for really good reason.  Five stars!
4	Im a sucker for a sweet cupcake.. OKAY my favorite cupcakery is still in Cali.. but Butter&Me is pretty high up on my list.. Kelly was awesome to work with.. I needed a quick 2 dozen cupcakes on short notice for my best friends going away party... Kelly called and wanted to appease me in any way for my besties cakes, everything from the fillings, (I chose vanilla cake with a lemon curd filling to honor my friends move to England:-) & a dark chocolate with buttercream.. Cute little flowers and edible glitters on all..:-) done with my besties fav colors... OKAY NOT Kellys fault, BUT I wanted more of a variety of flavors in the 2doz I ordered, but that wasnt possible ... and pricing for a dozen should be a bit less, as in a bulk pricing for over 8, idk, just an idea! Nonetheless, free delivery to our Scottsdale dinner party ... and presentation was awesome.. and as I stated, Kelly is wonderful to work with!
5	Holy pumpkin pie... I don't know whether to praise Kelly from Butter & Me or to hate her!  On one hand, she is sweet as can be and her culinary creations are to die for... on the other hand, I've probably put on a few LBs because I take one bite and I can't stop!After experiencing Butter & Me cupcakes on several occasions (which are out-of-this-world delicious by the way), I decided to trust my gut and order a couple of pies for Thanksgiving.  I told my mom that I'd bring dessert, and voila - my task was "easy as pie."  We went with one pumpkin ginger pie and one apple cranberry pie.  They both not only looked like masterpieces but tasted like them too.  Jared favored the apple cranberry while I still cannot get enough of the pumpkin... yum!  And to top it off, they were delivered in the cutest wooden picnic basket, which hopefully will be used on a romantic picnic date in the near future (hint, hint Jared)!A little birdie told me that Butter & Me will be opening up a storefront sometime in 2010... I can't wait for that - or maybe I can!
5	AMAZING!I've never been fond of things filled with stuff.... like jelly filled donuts.  But their filled cupcakes are out of this world!!
5	The classics are always better especially when a professional does them. The chocolate cake with a vanilla buttercream was visually appetizing - the cupcake was rich and moist, and the simple buttercream frosting was sweet and fluffy  - a perfect marriage for anyone who has a sweet tooth.Ordering was easy, the delivery was on time, and the service was as good as it gets.
5	Never met a cupcake I didn't like.  And sadly that's the truth.  I can find something positive in even the worst cupcake.  Take Hostess for instance.  I like to eat my icing last.  Hostess is great for that since it's easy to just peel it off the top, even if you then want to throw it away.Now finding the Mr. Right of cupcakes is a little more difficult.  But then I met Butter & Me.  And the "Me" is referring to me.  After having the opportunity to taste these fine confections at many a Yelp event I was enamored.  But after having a full-sized model at Old Town Farmer's Market (chocolate with tangerine buttercream), I can say "DO WHATEVER IT TAKES TO GET ONE OF THESE BAD BOYS."
5	Butter & Me Cupcakery.....What fantastic cakes and cupcakes!!!  The rating should be a 8 but then you might not believe that rating.  Kelly makes some amazing items for the majority of humanity, but when one has to satisfy those that are Vegans, which means no ingredients that have any animal content, Kelly can really shine.  I had her make two separate cakes, different occasions, for my wife and my daughter and both came out so wonderful that even those of us that like cakes with the other stuff in them found the taste as good.  None of the visitors were told that the cakes were Vegan till after all had eaten.  The comments were that they could not tell any difference.  Thank you very much Butter & Me, you helped make the events a wonderful success.   Ed
1	I wanted to try these cupcakes since my fellow Yelpers gave it such great reviews. So my bf's b-day is next week and I inquired about flavors and pricing since there is virtually no info on their website. Price: $36 PER DOZENMinimum order: 1 dozen.Flavors: ONLY 1 Flavor per dozen. You also have to go to the Scottsdale Air Park to pick them up if you don't want to pay their hefty delivery fee.I don't care how great they are. I am NOT paying $36 per dozen. The price is outrageous. Sorry guys, but you just lost a potential customer. Guess I'll keep looking on Yelp for some other tasty treats for my bf's b-day.
5	I just got the BEST cake ever from Butter and Me! I have had many of these out of this world cupcakes but this one is special and wonderful.
5	I used to tell people I don't eat sweets. Now I tell people I don't eat sweets except for cupcakes from Butter and Me.Kelly's cupcakes are amazing. I have never tasted any icing that can compare to her butter cream. The cake has the perfect consistancy. I have tried cupcakes that have been recommended to me by friends and family members, and I have not been impressed. I have been consistantly wowed not only by Kelly's cupcakes, but also by her service.  Delivery is always as promised and on time, even on weekends!Follow her on twitter @butterandme
5	I think Butter & Me cupcakes are awesome.....also, I have to say something in response to Veronica D's comments.  I buy cupcakes for my kids birthday parties and some special occassions because it is less of a hassel and easier to serve.....obviously Veronica D hasn't shopped around for a cake that serves 12 or more people or other cupcake vendors as the pricing is very much competitive for what you get!!!!A big fan.
5	I can't believe I forgot to write my review for Kelly! I've had Kelly's cupcakes at several events and have always LOVED them. They are always so decadent and so flavorful. Delicious!So I contacted her to make my son's first birthday cake. We were doing a Godzilla themed party since that is his nickname. Kelly was so great at communicating with me to get the perfect cake. She was able to take a graphic I had created for his invitations and a t-shirt he wore and put it on the cake. It turned out SO cute. She was even able to make a matching smash cake for my son to tear into.Plus the cake was delicious. Everyone at the party loved it. Thank you again Kelly! :)
4	Once again, my opinions regarding both bacon and butter are well known and though I'm sure there are those of you who are tired of hearing about them, I must tell you about a recent occurrence.   Kelly Garcia of Butter & Me Cupcakery recently contacted me with a SHOCKING question.  She had heard of my love of all things bacon and wanted to know if I'd be interested in trying some of her new Chocolate cupcakes with maple buttercream topped with a candied piece of BACON. Seriously? Did I win the Lotto? Of COURSE I wanted to try them.A few days later Kelly and I met at the Scottsdale Fairmont Princess to exchange goodies, and talk a little about what Butter & Me is all about. This woman is passionate about baking and cupcakes in particular. Butter and me uses some of the best ingredients available, a little magic and a whole lot of love to make some really tasty treats. Although I did the proper thing and made my manners, what I really wanted to do was steal away and examine read eat my prize!After bidding Kelly and her husband farewell, I headed back to the Batcave for a snack.After grabbing the requisite cold glass of milk I opened up the pink bakery box and spied six cupcakes secure in their cradles waiting to be experienced.  Could I take the time to photograph these little bacony (yes, it's my word, don't judge!), bits of cupcake happiness?Nope! There were six of them after-all and photography could wait.  As you can see, I took a big ole' bite and enjoyed the light, fluffy texture of the cake.  The rich chocolate flavor came through immediately without any bitterness and the buttercream had a background maple flavor with a soft mouth feel that wasn't overly sweet (as many cupcake makers can't seem to get).   Perched atop it's buttercream throne, a good sized piece of candied bacon sat, waiting to be eaten and I must say, it did not disappoint. If you want a good honest cupcake and are tired of over-hyped products from certain 'other' Valley bakers, check out Butter & Me, tell Kelly that Tony sent you!
5	This review is ridiculously overdue... but because the cupcakes by Butter and Me are so fabulous, I'm STILL thinking about them.  They are the perfect texture, with the perfect amount of frosting, which has the perfect amount of sweetness.  PERFECT, I tell ya!I am dying for Butter & Me to open up a store front, so I can indulge my cravings on a whim... please, please... let it be soon!
5	So for my b-day cake I have a theory, if you have to get older, you better celebrate with the best cake you can find and this year I decided to try Butter and Me.  Prob the best idea of my new age.  I requested a cake version of a cupcake variety I had had a few years previous at the Scottsdale Culinary Festival, chocolate cake with brown sugar butter cream and bacon toffee bits on top.  I wasn't sure what shape/size of cake I wanted but Kelly was very helpful and accommodating.  The cake was spectacular and she had added a little glitter so it was pretty and girly but not garish.  And the Brown Sugar Buttercream?  O......M....G!  I could eat it every day of my life it was so good and hands down one of the best frostings I have ever tasted.  I got tons of compliments on the cake, everyone loved it and I have NO idea how I am going to top this cake next year.  People say they wish she would open a store front but I would be 500 lbs if she did!
5	As Kelly's newest, biggest fan, I feel it is my responsibility to inform the masses that Butter and Me is the best, most delicious cake I have ever tasted! I just wished I had known about her a year and a half ago when I got married. I stumbled across the Butter and Me name when I was reading a "most interesting" list, where she won for "most interesting use of bacon." (Apparently she makes a bacon-inspired cupcake that I haven't tried, though commend her for her authenticity.) With Butter and Me on the brain, I called her and ordered a cake for my 4 year old's birthday party. Her cake was so incredible. The frosting had a rich consistency. The cake was moist and fluffy. She matched my party colors with great precision.  At the odd request of increasing my frosting to cake ratio, (you can never go wrong with too much frosting) she delivered precisely what I wanted. An adorable, whimsical vanilla butter cream cake with a jumbo cupcake on top. (see picture.) And trust me, it is as delicious as it looks. And above all, her customer service was worthy of the president. She was prompt. On time. Answered all of my questions in the most favorable of time. And the morning following my son's party, she wanted to make sure that we liked her cake. I felt very valued as her customer.I cannot wait to utilize her incredible talents in the future, (hopefully the near future) and I highly recommend you give her a call for any of your cake needs.
5	I wanted to do something different for my sister this year for V-day and decided that cupcakes was the way to go.  After doing some research I found Butter & Me online and decided based on all of the raving reviews I would give her a shot ( pretty much blindly because her website didn't have but just the main picture) and I am so glad I did!!I did all my ordering with Kelly via email and she was great and told me she was making a special V-day box of cupcakes and card.  Sounded like a winner to me.Well my sister just called and LOVED her cupcakes saying they were the best tasting ones she has ever had and in fact had already eaten 3 of them.  She said they were decorated beautifully with glitter and hearts and the card that Kelly had made was just precious!  it really made her day so I could not be happier and will order from them the next time I need a cake, cupcakes or something great from  a baker that truely delivers and goes above and beyond!
5	I wanted to surprise my daughter with cupcakes for her birthday. I live out of state so it is often difficult to arrange something especially when you are not familiar withlocal businesses.  You basically have to rely on others & trust their judgement, So I read the reviews and they all sounded great so I ordered.  Kelly responded quickly to my email request and the cupcakes were a big hit (& a surprise) when they were delivered on Sunday.
5	I ordered 2 dozen cupcakes for my daughters' 4th and 2nd birthdays.  We had vanilla with vanilla buttercream frosting for the kids.  Kelly colored the frosting pink (my eldest's favorite color) and added edible glitter.  These cupcakes were beautiful and would have been the best cupcakes I've ever had if it wasn't for the other dozen that we orderedThe other dozen was chocolate brownie cupcake with brown sugar buttercream and these were hands down the most amazing cupcakes I've ever eaten.  Everyone at my party raved about them.  Despite the fact that everyone was "watching their calories" these cupcakes disappeared so fast.  Fifteen minutes after putting them out I went back to set one aside for my Mother in Law and they were already gone! Also, Kelly's customer service was impeccable and the free delivery in Scottsdale was super convenient!
5	Awsome, Awsome, Awsome... I was ordering cupcakes for my boyfriends birthday. After a few e-mails I followed a great suggestion of a dutch chocolate cupcake with brown sugar frosting and a BACON toffee topper.  I got mini cupcakes so that there would be enough to go around and they were perfect and so delishious.  I cant say more great cupcakes, great service.
5	The second annual Cupcake Wars at my work, who said corporate America is boring?  (OK another topic for another day)Butter and Me won for best appearance chocolate category, I think we (by we I mean Kelly), would have won for taste, but we ran out of time to taste all of them, we had so many.Here's the skinny (or not so skinny).Toffee Bacon - yes - toffee bacon - If you know me, you know this is reason enough for five stars.Think about it....Sugar, salt, melty, crisp...I am pretty picky about cupcakes and I must say the level of quality of ingredients shows through, the cake was moist and light, and the frosting was the best I've ever had.Oh, do you wonder what kind of cupcake I had? Chocolate, with brown sugar frosting, and toffee bacon topping.I will venture to the farmers market and try more flavors.As a note - I would give them 4.5 and this is why:You must order 12 of only one flavor.Kelly you are a rock-star!
5	if you have a special occasion, order your cupcakes or cakes from here!they are meticulous in their details and only serve a perfect product!
5	Butter & Me is wonderful!  I write a cupcake bakery mystery series and when I was looking for a cupcake bakery to bake cupcakes to match the the cupcakes on the cover of my book for an event, Butter & Me was recommended to me by a friend.  I emailed them right away.  Kelly was fantastic.  I sent her a picture and we talked flavors.  The price was incredibly reasonable. The cupcakes looked exactly like the cover, they were delicious and they were delivered to the book signing in plenty of time.  The crowd loved them and so did I.  They made my book signing perfect!  Highly recommend!
5	Honestly, I can't remember how I found out about Butter & Me, but I'm glad it happened.My fiancee (now wife!) and I are addicted to cupcakes and we decided to swap the traditional wedding cake for some delicious cupcakes. Kelly at Butter & Me did not disappoint. She was absolutely fantastic to work with and has *the best* cupcakes in the valley! Believe me, we taste-tested a number of other vendors and everyone else's cupcakes tasted like small, dry, cakes.The cupcakes from Butter & Me were exactly what we were looking for. They were perfectly moist, beautifully decorated, and there are a ton of delicious flavors to choose from!!!I cannot recommend Butter & Me highly enough! The Yelp review sums it up: "Woohoo! As good as it gets!"
5	Thanks to Yelp, I was able to find a delicious cupcakery in the PHX area that delivers! Yelp HQ is based in San Francisco, but we do have a rather large office in Scottsdale. One of our VPs was celebrating her birthday and we wanted to send her some yummy treats. Did a quick search and found Butter & Me. Emailed in and received a rather sweet response from Kelly. Over the next few emails we worked out the order and delivery and everything worked out wonderfully. It was an absolute pleasure to work with Kelly! Obviously my review isn't about the cupcakes (though I wish I would have been able to enjoy one as well!), but this review is for Kelly and her awesomeness!
5	Thanks so much to Kelly @ Butter & Me for an amazing birthday cake! I am from out of state and found Butter & Me online as I was trying to find a bakery to order a cake for my mom. I can't thank them enough for being super responsive and accomodating. Not to mention the cake was delish! I took the business card and passed it along to my Aunt who lives in Scottsdale and she'll be using them in the future. You guys were amazing!! Can't thank you enough!
5	My sister in laws and my mom made me a beautiful baby shower back in March. Kelly did the cupcakes and cake and everything was absolutely amazing. Not only was she easy to work with (so my sister in laws shared) but everything tasted delicious and her attention to detail and coordination the day of the event was second to none. All of my guests raved about how delicious and beautiful everything was and I'll have to agree! I have since used Kelly for another event and plan to work with her again and again in the future!
5	I was lucky enough to be treated to some red velvet cupcakes from Butter and Me, and let me tell you, it was life changing! Red velvet is easily my favorite flavor, and this one was at the top of the pack. They were delicately decorated and put in a beautiful box with a pink bow. Perfectly presented, I couldn't help but taking pictures! Plus, Kelly is one of the nicest people you'll ever meet, and as much as I enjoy a Sprinkles cupcake, I'd WAY rather support a local entrepreneur. I can't wait until her storefront is open- I foresee many more Butter and Me cupcakes in my future!
5	I called Kelly only two before a graduation party and she still had some delicious and eye-pleasing desserts ready to go! She baked us three different kinds of cupcakes as well as a larger, personalized cake. All of our guests had only compliments (though it is hard to understand what a person is saying when the mouth is stuffed full of cake goodness).I would recommend Butter & Me for similar events.
5	I ordered cupcakes from Butter & Me for my little sister's birthday party, and they were amazing too! Nothing short of perfect. They stole the show on the food table.
5	I am tickled pink with sweet happiness that Butter & Me has finally opened a bakeshop! Now I don't need to stalk them at farmer's markets to fulfill my sweet tooth craving. The shop recently opened its doors and I must say, this is a Pinterest page's dream! Everything has the DIY look and feel about it and the shop smells of sweet baked goods. Situated on the corner just steps away from The House, JAM and The Poisoned Pen, I think this is a great location and I hope to see plenty of foot traffic! I recently stopped in for a sweet afternoon treat and left with two pumpkin cupcakes, homemade marshmallows and a puppy treat for Harley the cockapoo. The pumpkin cupcakes were oh-so-tasty and mainly due to the combination of soft and fluffy cake piled high with succulent frosting. Mmm...now I want another. The marshmallows were perfect for some hot coca and I especially loved the little artsy card that came with the bag. I can definitely find a reuse for that! Oh and Harley loved his treat too. As of now, Butter & Me Bakeshop only serves baked goods, but I heard that they plan on creating a savory menu of sandwiches, etc as well soon. I also heard they plan to delivery! Amazing. I can't wait to visit again and again!
5	We got a chance to try this place while on the Holiday crawl last Sunday. SO good!Their storefront is easy to miss. Theyre located on the west side of Goldwater just south of 1st Ave. The shop is small, mostly baking space, so they only have room for a few  2 seater tables. But it smells AMAZING. Since we were on the crawl, we had the chance to try their chocolate peppermint cupcake, so good. We each ended up buying a few of their sea salt/ chocolate chip, cranberry oatmeal (!), and molasses cookies. The molasses are my fave so far. The owners were super nice, and even gave my friend some doggie cookies to take home to her pooch!Ill definitely be going back.Keep your eyes out for their coffee shop annoucement!
3	Carrot cake cupcake: pretty good.Monkey bread: hard as a rock on the outside, and just okay in the middle.That said, the decor is very cute, and the guy that was working was very nice.
5	I ordered a cake for my Mother-In-Laws birthday from Butter & Me. I spoke with Kelly when I called and she was very helpful, especially considering the fact that I wasn't giving them very much notice. I ordered a lemon cake with lemon frosting. It was a beautiful cake. They decorated it with an adorable owl (my MIL fave animal). I was hoping it would taste as good as it looked and I wasn't disappointed! Absolutely delicious. Light and not too sweet, but just enough sweetness. I couldn't stop eating it.. I look forward to ordering from them again.
5	Butter & Me makes the most delicious and beautiful cupcakes! Her buttercream with chocolate cake cupcakes are my most favorite of all. The frosting is light and delicious, and has the perfect balance of not-too-sweet, not-too-strong flavor. I have dreams about this frosting, it's just that amazing.Every time I call Kelly for an order she's ready to accommodate me, and on several occasions has gone out of her way to help me get a delivery to a client. I definitely recommend Butter & Me cupcakes for a special event, thank you gift, or client gift, you won't be disappointed. They work very hard to make sure their creations are beautiful and packaged nicely, so they'll be perfect for your recipient.Delicious, beautiful, and professional, I absolutely keep these cupcakes as my impress-me hat trick!
3	I had head of butter and me (here on yelp) before seeing a groupon for it, so I was excited to buy the groupon for a place that had great reviews.  I planned to get myself some birthday cup cakes.  The hubby and I made a trip in, when we walked in we were a little surprised at the limited selection, but I was able to get a cupcake so I was happy.  We ordered up our groupon value of items that looked good and went on our way.  We split a cupcake and a chocolate chip sea salt cookie, and they were good.  A-OK, but nothing amazing.  I have had much more amazing chocolate cupcakes and much much more amazing chocolate chip cookies.
3	I had a daily deal and ordered a dozen coconut cupcakes. They were good and looked good to:)
5	I called Kelly for ideas for my wife's birthday.  She baked and delivered a dozen awesome cupcakes.  She is a very talented baker and artist.  It's nice to talk to the actual person who is creating the product.   Highly recommend this place.
1	I am writing not about the goodies the shop produces but the horrific customer service they provide. I ordered cupcakes to be delivered to my friend and ended up needing to cancel my order. After three calls and three emails I was not contacted by the bakeshop. On my fourth call I finally got through to cancel my order. The person on the phone said I would be refunded within two weeks. Two months later I have not received my money back. I have called twice and emailed the shop to get in contact with me and have yet to hear from them. Wishing I never put in that order.
