3	EA Sports Bar is located inside The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. They just opened this place up a short while ago. I didn't purchase anything from the bar, but did drop in shortly just to check the place out. They have a few nice touches like a antique foosball table which you should check out.As with any sports bar, they have plenty of televisions with your various sports-related programming blasting away. You can also sit down on the comfy sofas to play Madden, FIFA or Tiger Woods for $10 per hour. The bar has a special which includes this "players fee" if your purchase a bucket or two of beer.To me, I don't see the point in coming to Vegas, only to bring the living room with you. I guess for the videogame or sports fanatic, there's no better place than Vegas to get away and then relax? Besides the televisions, Playstation 3's and beer, they do have a small section where you can purchase EA gear and games. It is an interesting concept, even though it isn't for me. Game over for me, game on for someone else!
4	New - I liked it. The staff was very friendly and I like the living room atmosphere. You can also ask for food and they'll deliver pizza from a secret place for you. I hauled one of their gigantic bean bags across the room and plopped it in front of the couch my friends were at and situated myself, just so, and no one said a thing. I will revisit.
4	Perfect spot to watch a game in vegas. Many TVs love the living room settings to hang with your party. Also love all the windows and well lit the place is. Only thing missing is food and a big beer selection.
4	EA Sports Bar is a great place to watch sports on the strip in Las Vegas. The sports bar has a lot of flat screen television throughout the bar. You get the atmosphere from the Cosmopolitan while enjoying sports. EA Sports has video games and a foosball table inside. The bar sells drinks and snacks. While you are watching the game, the staff is very attentive. I appreciated the good customer service from the staff. The bar has bean bags as well as regulars chairs to watch the game. That's very unique from your traditional sports bar. I went to the EA Sports Bar Monday to watch the VA Tech vs. GA Tech football game. The staff put the football game on the giant television as well as the individual television in front of me. I was in sports heaven. If you are on the strip and looking to watch sports, EA Sports Bar is a great choice.I give EA Sports Bar a 4.5 rating!
