4	Never had an issue with the Filiberto's franchise. Always decent food, and always open! This one is on my way to work, sometimes at 4 in the morning! A good chili verde burritos sounds like a good way to start the day! In and out of there will fast, haven't ruined a order yet! Easy place to get in and our of there, located right off of Grand Ave.
5	Arizona Burrito with Sour Cream.  Period.  Hands down the Best.  Filling & has everything you want in it  !  ( value added fun gas too ! )
5	I've only been to the drive-thru at this place and always order the menudo on the weekends. The problem is they always run out by the early afternoon . . . so I call them to save an order for me.  They are always cooperative and the menudo is stacked full of tripe.  The broth is perfectly spiced-up.I cannot understand how they can sell this wonderful dish (actually a quart) for $6 and change including tax.  Spectacular!
5	Love Filibertos. Not to be confused with Fredricos or Humbertos or any other os. Great food.
3	Food was just OK. Steak burrito was kind of chewy, and my wife's taco salad was good but had barely any lettuce at all. They were nice about adding more. I'm not sure if the Air conditioning was broken, or if it is always too hot in there, but it was horribly muggy inside.
1	I have been going to this location for years. Today was a bad one. My wife ordered a bean and cheese enchilada style with extra cheese and extra sauce that we paid extra for, and they didn't put extra nothing on there. When i asked for a little cup of enchilada sauce he said he put it on there, but there was barely any. I asked for a little extra he said he will charge me. I said you you already charged me. He said he wouldn't give me any extra sauce unless i paid for it. I said i come in here allot and i will take nut business elsewhere if he didn't give me sauce. He told me go ahead he didn't care. Wtf really. I will never eat at this location again, i will just go to RIO MIRAGE CAFE INSTEAD.  Screw these unprofessional assholes.
4	The food here has always been delicious! They do seem to run out of jamaica and my favorite jarritos a lot, but besides for that I've had really good service.
5	I was headed for my love ranch brothel & Alien Cathouse outside vegas coming from Scottsdale when I realized Krissy Summers did not try Mexican food so when I saw Filibertos I pulled and ordered a machaca plate damn I love it !!! Also ordered her some taquitos with Gaucamole it is what it is quick good Mexican food
