4	This is my local chippy, and its pretty good. The staff are pretty friendly and they serve a variety of chip shop food. They also do pizzas which are good enough and there is a varied selection of toppings. My boyfriend always gets the fish and it does taste pretty good. The food is always freshly made too, there's nothing more disappointing than getting your fish supper home only to discover its cold and soggy.This chippy is right next to Tynecastle stadium, and when there is a match on this place is packed. So I guess they are doing something right! As far as I can see its the only decent chip shop in the area. One thing that bugs me is they don't do baked beans. Random, I know but I like beans with my sausage supper! I guess in Edinburgh baked beans at the chippy is a no-no.
4	I think Amy is right because...This is a really great chippy, food is really cheap and so are cans too (thats where they sting you!). But like she said, don't expect to get served on a Saturday. The best you can hope for is sitting around collecting the scraps on the ground what the punters drop (which could feed a small country).I think Amy is wrong because...Baked beans should never be near sausage suppers and she should be banished to an Spooky Island for even suggesting it!
4	Gorgie Fish bar, right by Tynecastle Stadium, has got it all as far as I'm concerned. There's a fair bit of space inside and a massive heated counter where a good supply of fish and chips can be kept for the starving punters, who come in their throngs on match days.Yes, it does the standard kind of food you'd expect from a chippy - namely fish and chips. But as Amy said, they are done exceptionally well. You can smell the deep fried goodness as you walk on by. Its aroma is wafted across Gorgie Road and you are powerless to resist its tempting charm.Chips are crispy and tasty as hell without being rubbish and overcooked, portions are generous and staff are patient, even on the busiest of days. Service is pretty good considering it's always busy, and the fact that it's usually stowed out is a testament to how popular it is amongst the locals. It's big, it's deep fried and it's here to stay!
3	I'm going to give Gorgie Fish Bar 3 stars. Not because it doesn't do GF chippy's but because my chips this time were awesome but absolutely bloody awful last time, hence 18 months between visits.My comments are strictly chip related for the special dietary needs exclaimer above but all sorts are available here - pizza's, suppers of every variety, burgers, glass bottle juices, jars of mussels, etc...My chips this time were perfect. Post the Odyssey night and after a couple of glasses of Prosecco, I had an almighty craving for chips on my walk home. They were freshly made, piping hot, not too greasy and when I asked for my usual, they were drowned in 'tons and tons of salt and vinegar'. I scoffed them quickly, they were so good.Service is great here - it is the one place where if I say 'tons of salt and vinegar' then they get a proper heart attack inducing level of salt pouring and a drowning of vinegar - yum :-)So, I'm more inclined to visit again soon and if the same high standards are met, then it may even be a 4 or 5* review for the humble bag of chips.PS. its a decent sized portion too :-)
4	this could be the best fish and chips in gorgie/slateford area, shame they don't have cod but only haddock and I personally don't like haddock, nevertheless the fish is freshly cooked and chips r generally crispy. I was bit confused about price since I ordered the fish and chips and battered sausage supper which cost me about ten quid something, I think that's bit expensive?
