3	I went there only because it was 1 of 10 pubs on the World's End Pub Pubcrawl, on which completion gave you a cool t-shirt. Being far out of the tourist area, I wasn't sure how the locals at the bar would feel about this dopey American with his German girlfriend asking questions about all sorts of stuff. Luckily all patrons and the barkeep were super friendly, wonderfully kind and gave us a happy send off. I like the atmosphere - modern but not chic, warm but not dark. I'd certainly come back if again if I were in the area. Beer was cheap! Only bad thing was a lack of Real Ales and no Cask Ales. The tap line up was disappointing, just the major brands and only 1 Scotch ale, a Belhaven, but the real cold brew, which is not Belhaven's finest line of beers.
4	Drouthy Neebors is a tough call to make, and I admit, I have a love/hate relationship with it. Lets start with the love: I live right next door to this pub, and as such I am fully aware of how a quick drink in Drouthy's can become a wild night out. This is often because the atmoshpere is such a relaxed one, it is easy to forget yourself and the time because you are having fun. Secondly, Drouthy's is modern, in ways wood and leather never thought it could be in a pub. The bar serves a huge range of drinks, and not once have I waited very long to be served - despite there always being a crowd in the pub (this may go to explain the wild nights out.) Finally, being so close to first year university accomodation in Sceinnes, there is a great student vibe always in the bar.The hates now, and there are a few:  The drinks are reeeally expensive, even with the seemingly great deals that change every week. The food isnt great, and does take a while to get to you. By far though, and this is just me speaking, is the giant television screens all around the bar - theres no getting away from them. Fair enough when a match is on, but other times they just annoy and distract me for no reasons at all. Grr.Right, rant over, promise.Anyway, Drouthy's is a great place for a fun night in your local, a nice place to sit int with a great atmosphere - but dont expect excellent food.Ass for the name, I have recently found Drouthy Neebors means 'Thirsty Neighbours', perfect for me I feel.
3	This corner pub is great for watching rugby/ football matches and gets a good crowd of the locals and of students. It's got a good, warm atmosphere to it, the guy who served us was chatty and the drinks were OK prices (could always be better!). There is plenty of space for bigger groups of people  too. The service is very efficient even when packed out which is always a pro in my eyes.The large screens are very distracting, but its clean modern interior give it a thumbs up for those important games you cannot miss. (and don't have satellite TV at home for).
4	Drouthy Neebors. Where to start? Well, perhaps I should first sum up the vital points for the pub:PRICE: Discount means that it is cheap for students; prices are reasonable for anyone else.SIZE: Medium sized, with plenty of seating and tables that can be squished together for larger groups.FEEL: The pub has a friendly, warm feel to it and is decorated in a modern but homely style.DRINKS: Not a bad range of drinks, but the beer menu is limited and there are only a few whiskies. There is a perfectly reasonably range of spirits and mixers for a pub, and there are a number of options for the teetotallers amongst us too.TOILETS: A quick hop up some stairs will present you with some bright toilets which are usually kept clean, and are aired well enough not to smell.Drouthy's is a good and easy-to-find pub which satisfies the requirements of all sorts of nights out. The atmosphere is accommodating be it for a quite drink, a rowdy pints-in session or indeed for pre-drinks before heading off to crack out the dad dancing. The staff are friendly and there are a fair range of nibbles to choose from, though admittedly the food is nothing special. The pub has quite a sports orientation and there are several large screens, which (love them or hate them) provide a range of sporting channels, and though these can annoy, they do provide the ideal scapegoat if conversation dries up. The pub also makes good provision for regular groups. As a member of the Edinburgh University Music Society who meet in the pub on a Tuesday night after rehearsals nearby, I can testify that we are well catered for. Drinks are all sold at student prices without us asking, we are presented with a buffet free of charge and a side of the pub is reserved for us. All in all, though certainly not winning any prizes, Drouthy Neebors is the ideal spot for all manner of needs and I feel it is a great little pub to have nearby.
2	I only have one more thing to add to these great reviews. The gents toilets on a Friday night should be avoided. Ever wondered if somebody could vomit on the ceiling? Once you see it, you can't unsee it.
4	Like Stu, I've also been privy to the cesspit-like delights of the toilets at Drouthy's, but as a man who likes to live life on the edge, took it one step further by actually defecating in them. Considering the bog roll was only marginally cleaner than a surgeon's apron, such a task is not for the faint hearted.But life is for living, so you've got to try it at least once.
4	Drouthy's offers an excellent place for a relaxing drink (or six). The pub's interior is excellently arranged, making use of the available space effectively to provide plenty spacious, comfortable seating.  However, for those seeking an strong air of character in their choice of drinking establishments, you may be disappointed. The drink prices are very amiable and student friendly.  Offers such as a pint of Guinness or Belhaven Best for a little over 2 pounds are available between Monday and Thursday, and during the weekend the prices are certainly no more than you can expect to find anywhere else.  There is a decent variety of whiskies (one of which is chosen as malt on the month and is available at an attractively discounted price) but don't expect to find any rarities. The pub is excellent for sports fans, as it has multiple flat screen televisions showing football and rugby. Furthermore, it often shows different matches in different parts of the pub when matches are simultaneously shown. When there is no sport on, the music is suitable for the setting, of a decent variety and, most importantly of all, is not too loud. Maintaining a good standard of conversation with your drinking buddies is much easier compared to similar pubs towards the centre of town. Throughout the day, Drouthy's also offers a good variety of coffee as well as wifi access.
2	Bar - expensiveStaff - judgingLocation - alrightDecor - goodwine -warmToilets - BAD BAD BAD
3	About 2 years ago, this was my local, and whilst by no means a great place to drink, it was ok. The bar is quite chilled out normally, unless you have one of the weirdly frequent golf pub crawls coming through. The interior is pretty modern and looks okay. The staff were quite cool when I went in. There is definitely a divide between the regulars and the students, but apart from that the atmosphere is okay.The drinks are a bit pricey for what they are. There is an okay selection of lagers, ciders and wines but they are all a just a bit too expensive for what the place is.And onto what has already been said, the toilets are disgusting. They look like festival toilets on the last night, covered with filth, puke and other types of human waste. They truly are the worst I have ever seen, and in what is otherwise quite a nicely decked out pub
2	Oh God, another Ikea bar. Such a shame too, Drouthy Neebors used to be full of charm. Then a few years back it closed for a while and seemingly got bought out by the Swedish furniture giant who decked it out with their blandest furnishings.In fact, this used to be one of the coolest places to drink and watch football. Now it's just a place to drink and watch football. There are still plenty of old timers in here (looking a bit bewildered) who'll chat to you, but it's lost so much of its appeal.I don't know, maybe that's the way pubs are going these days - The Maltings did it, The Southern did it. They were both excellent, now they're like every other bar. Drouthy's does have a few drinks on offer, and loads of TVs to watch the football but it just ain't what it used to be.
4	One of the most inexpensive pubs in this fine city of ours. The place is nice enough in that standard contemporary pub decor way. The staff are friendly as are the regulars. I always end up chatting to randoms when I am in here while propping up the bar. The booze is a standard selection of draughts and spirits, but at riduculously cheap prices. They do one of the best pints of strongbow going. I know, I know its not exactly a premium cider but it is easy to get a bad pint of this stuff. Three pints less than a tenner with a healthy ammount of change coming back to you thumbs up from me. No idea why the toilets get a bad rep as they are fine compared to many other places in this area. Great for a quick cheap pint on the way to somewhere else.
