5	I've been going to the office for about two years.  Every time I've gone in for my appointments...the service never stood out.  It was just another dr. appt to me.  When I went in for my annual wellness exam this past week, I overly impressed.  I had been seen my Mary F. the nurse practitioner and she was so thoughful and helpful in speaking to me about my overall health.  She not only talked to me about my "woman parts" but she also gave me a regimen for my acne which is always a touchy subject.  She also noticed a few skin conditions on my stomach that every other doctor or dermatologist ignored for the past year. It was more of a breath of fresh air that she noticed, listened, and payed attention, and that's what made my experience so positive.
5	I just switched OB offices and it was the best switch ever! I'm on my 4th little one and Mary (Nurse Practitioner) was great!! Old doc told me I had no chance of a VBAC and Mary said otherwise- which was music to my ears, however I do know emergencies may happen. Great office atmosphere, everyone is fun and helpful and they plan your appts if possible 3 months in advance!
4	One of the absolute best experiences I have ever had in all my years of going to a Gyno office or any doctor's office for that matter. I was called in like a minute or two after my scheduled time. Which was a nice surprise since I had to wait like 2 months to get an initial appointment with a FEMALE doctor. To clarify, I would have had an earlier appt. had I agreed to a male doctor (which is a no-no for me) or N.P.The front desk lady was nice and was suprised that the office was on  YELP. The back office staff were friendly and smiling. The medical assistant was very friendly and with a great sense of humor. And above all, I fell in love (in a straight way) with Dr. Celeste Pottorff. I am a people person and I love kind people. She is beautiful with the cutest dimples and perfect bedside manner. She listened intently to my issues and explained possible future actions with the most compassion, empathy and respect I've ever encountered. She provided a comical distraction while performing the cringeworthy exam we all hate to deal with (that darn cold, rigid speculum thingy). I highly recommend her to anyone searching for the whole experience.So to reiterate, it was an overall positive experience:* great covered parking garage* Convenient location* friendly staff* nice large waiting room* short wait times* Dr. Pottorff is awesome!Con:* Takes a long time to get an appointment for a female doctor.* This isn't really a con because in all fairness, they are not naturopathics but I prefer homeopathic treatment and nutrition versus prescriptions which only take care of symptoms versus treating the whole person so I like to receive advice in that vein. Thus, 4 stars vs 5.UPDATE 6/11/13Had another appointment today. The tech was professional and had a great sense of humor. Got called in 3 minutes after my appt. No waiting. I witnessed an unprofessional exchange between a couple of staff members regarding another patient which I found very insensitive and uncool in a place housing such sensitive information but other than that, this office is a winner!
5	This place was great! The staff was super friendly, I had a great doctor (Dr. Hebets I believe), and I was in and out in 45 minutes!
5	Being new to the area I needed a new provider for my well woman exams.  I was very nervous switching gynegolocits after being with the same doctor for 13 years.  Dr. Jackson and his staff were very professional.  I did not have to wait in the lobby more than 15 minutes and once in the back I did not have to wait in the exam room at all for the doctor. Dr Jackson answered all of my questions and really listened to me.  I did not feel rushed at anytime during my appointment. My results were provided telephonically within 3-5 days and they even gave me access to a portal to view my results at a later date if I should wish.Overall experience was great!
5	After being frustrated with seeing other doctors and their lack of professionalism. I decided to Google best ob/gun doctor in az and this group came up. Appointments are a bit far, so don't expect something the next day or week. However, when I was finally seen, I was completely happy, they're all so caring and professional, from the receptionist to the nurses, the assistants but above all the doctor. I've seen dr. Mayer and dr. Jackson and they both listened to my problems and concerns and best of all I dont feel like I'm being manipulated into being a guinea pig, I feel genuinely cared for.. I'm very happy with this group and don't think I will ever see another group. Btw...I felt I'll and called and they got me a same day appointment. So I think it depends on the situation.
1	This location of Maricopa OBGYN called my cell phone for 2 WEEKS day and night, trying to send a fax to a cell phone. Brilliant though medical front office personnel are, they couldn't bother to call the number they were trying to fax and see if it was actually a fax machine. I called and left a voicemail, after at least 100 calls from their fax machine, and the faxes still continued to come. Delightfully, they dropped me as a patient because I was done getting fax machine calls. Considering they can't send a fax properly, perhaps this is in my best interest. Thanks Maricopa OBGYN! You guys are real winners.
