4	YUM!  My boyfriend and I frequented this place when we used to live in Madison.  Their food is probably the most "authentic" Mexican food you'll find in the downtown area.  I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food (it usually makes me sick) but I always enjoyed the things I've tried here.  If you knew me you would know what a credit that is to Casa De Lara's food.Pros: You get an bottomless basket of tortilla chips and salsa before your meal.  Great margarita deals!Cons: The verde stuff is so hot it'll burn you mouth and you won't taste the rest of your food.
4	Grade: B-It was good but I was also hungover... Great service, decent prices.
3	Good, solid Mexican-American.I had the Verde Enchilada, which was rated on the menu as a 7 for heat/spice. I would disagree with that, and call it closer to a 3: not much heat at all, and a little bit of spice, but definitely not a 7/10. I was surprised by this, because another reviewer claims that the verve dishes are really hot. No way, Jose. If it tastes like burning, I want it, so I was disappointed that it lacked real bite.That aside, the portions were manageable (not too little, not too much), and the complementary chips and salsa were delicious.
4	My group ended up at Casa De Lara because every other restaurant near State Street was packed on Friday night.It was a gamble that paid off as the free chips and salsa were good and the meal of burritos was even better.We also met some "tricks" at the casa who we later hung out with at Brothers Bar and Wando's... we got numbers. What can I say. Thanks Casa De Lara.Notes: Beer was a little expensive, food came out quickly, restaurant is upstairs. Also, this is the second-best Mexican eatery I have been to.
4	I used to date a girl who went to UW.  I always dragged her to this place.  She was only "ok" with it, I loved it.The margaritas weren't the best you could find, but they were definitely good.  They got you drunk fast, except for when they were the drink special.  Then they weren't as fast.The food?  Oh god, the food!  It was delicious.  I'll never forget the burrito suizo or the chimichanga from this place.  It was just... delicious.  And filling... I never had left overs from here.  It was just too good to not eat.The restaurant itself looks very upscale.  By that I mean that it's a very nice looking restaurant, but doesn't have a snooty feel to it.  The decorations are authentic Mexican, yet it still retains the "American Trendy" look.  The waiters and waitresses are always super nice and make great recommendations.I highly recommend Casa De Lara!
4	Queso fundido is something you might not know to ask about, but Casa de Lara's was a big hit, shared around the table with our group of three families. Queso fundido is different at every restaurant, but this one is really nice. -- Give it a try.
3	Good food, but pretty overpriced. Dinner for two with one round of margaritas was $50. Enchiladas Verdes had a really enjoyable amount of heat, but I'm not sure I'll be able to justify the cost again.  Warm in there too--in June--like they didn't have the air on.
4	NOTE: For this review, I'm getting in touch with my roots as a Madisonian, not a transplant to "Mexican Food Heaven" Phoenix, AZ.Casa de Lara can be a little pricey, but the quality of the food and drinks are definitely worth it.  I am a bigger fan of CDL than Frida's up the street (which is also decent) because I love the unassuming exterior and the authentic feel to the restaurant.The food choices are very much within the lines of an Americanized joint, but it's prepared immaculately and every dish is full of flavor.  When visiting, I usually take the opportunity to deviate from traditional food and grab the Western Burrito which is HUGE. I usually finish it even though I feel like I'm about to explode.The margaritas are surprisingly strong - especially when you split a pitcher with someone special, and they usually have reasonable prices if you stick with the olde school Lime on the rocks.
3	I like Mexican food, so I would search for it from time to time. This is a eatery kind of place. Their Beef Enchilada is very good. However, i like Qdoba much more.
4	In Madison for the weekend and found this place on Yelp. Located in the heart of State St. On the second floor, nice, clean, and family friendly. Ordered guacamole which was great, horchata was good as was everyone's entrees. Not fancy, but if you want good food in Madison, I highly recommend. Service was very good, and it was reasonably priced. Would for sure recommend and will come back next time in Madison.
5	Great for downtown Madison. Walked by this place a billion times and finally decided to try it. I assumed if it wasn't on Park Street, it wasn't going to be good (ethnic food-wise). Sure enough, it really was. Now, I'm not saying this is the most authentic Mexican place (do they have cheddar cheese in Mexico?) but they are relatively close in many respects. Multiple sauces and they really do a fantastic job with making things flavorful. They have some great specials and their margaritas were very good. I didn't find it to be that expensive. Plates were $8-15 (most around $10) and drinks weren't horribly over-priced. The ambiance was nice, as was the service. If you are seeking a good dinner in the area, I'd definitely recommend it.
2	I added a star because of the thoughtful touch of actual veggies in the veggie burrito.Other than that: I ordered delivery. $11 for guacamole? Uhg, I've had two glasses of wine already and I'm hungry. Ok, ORDER. What arrives? Two puny tiny little plastic cups of guac, and about 15 tortilla chips in a small paper bag. The cups were about the size of the sour cream side that came with my burrito. And, nothing to write home about either. Pretty bland food all around. My husband got the enchiladas with mole, which sounded pretty kick-ass from the description (pumpkin seeds! cinnamon! five different peppers! omg yum!) but it turned out to taste kind of like it looked: brown and runny. He was also feeling pretty sick about half an hour later....Way overpriced. I've had much better Mexican food for much less money elsewhere. If this is what passes for good Mexican food in Madison, boy are we in trouble.
4	Good, standard Americanized-mexican food.  I almost equated it to Azteca (if any of my Seattle fans are reading this).  However, their service and food went above and beyond what I expected!  I got the combo and everything had that great, non-microwaved taste.  Score!Their strawberry margarita was not boozy enough.  The lime margarita, however.... YOW!
1	Worst experience from start to finish. Came in the day after Cinco de Mayo. Place was trashed. No one greeted us at the door. Finally someone came. Took forever to get the food (It was 5pm & only 2 other couples in the place).Food was luke warm. Waiter never came around to check. Plus I had order the Plato Caribeno. Wanted it cause it came with plantains. Received it. NO PLANTAINS. Told waiter he responded " yeah were out of those". Didn't care to mention that when ordering. Manager never came out and when we got the check they only too $0.50 off the bill. It was a $15.95 dish. Could of at least taken half off or all. Nothing like my parents remembered it to be. Ian's Pizza here I come.
1	Myself and two co-workers had lunch here today. It was the worst Mexican food that I've had in a loooong time. The food was over-priced, burned and poor quality meat. My coworkers and I gave the server our feedback in a constructive manner. He apologized, but didn't tell the manager or do anything further. We won't be back. There are soooo many other great Mexican restaurants in town, don't waste your money on this one.
1	Their horchata tastes like caca. That is all I can say about this establishment. It tastes like melted vanilla ice cream with cinnamon, rather than a delicious refreshing Mexican drink. Will never order again.
2	Sometimes you're better off with a happy memory of something than the reality of how things are in the present. I haven't been in Madison for a while, but remember how much I liked the food and service when I was a starving student and they were pretty much the only place on State Street that wasn't serving Gyros, Burgers, or Pizza. Our party arrived around 7PM, midweek. It wasn't crowded- there were maybe three other people in the restaurant. It took ten minutes or so for anyone to greet us. When we were seated, our tables hadn't been bussed and we had to ask for someone to clean them and bring us some menus. Things picked up when we finally got a waitress to notice us. The food arrived fairly quickly- I had a combo platter of soft tacos, with mole on the side. The tortillas and fixings were good for the most part, but the beans and rice were dried up to the extent where I wondered if it had ever been cooked completely, or just sat out somewhere for a few days. After getting our food, the waitstaff vanished. No water, no follow-up, no nothing. We actually had to look around for someone to give us our bill. Well, someone else's bill. We did get things straightened out, but sheese, how can you not want to get paid what you're owed?I probably won't ever come back again if they're somehow still in business next time I'm in the area. All in all, a very disappointing visit.
1	Worst Mexican food I have had in Madison.  Pork tasted like it was on its third day in the crotch pot.  Food was a bit cold.  One star only because the service was good.  So was the Corona :)
4	This place is worth it for their Mexican-style Friday fish fry special. I usually don't like very bready batter, so I thought I was taking a bit of a risk when the menu said "beer battered." But, I was really in the mood for fish and Casa de Lara pulled through. Crispy, fragrant, fresh, under $12, and lasted me two meals. Also came with fresh avocado, tots (?!), and well-seasoned rice and black beans.To round it all up, their salsa and chip basket was fresh and refillable. Their Jose Cuervo 32 oz margarita pitcher special for $14.50 was strong enough for three people to responsibly enjoy and two people to less-responsibly enjoy. I'm almost glad I have to be on State St. every Friday now that I know this option exists. Al menos los viernes, la Casa de Lara es mi casa.
5	Mexican food at its best. The restaurant atmosphere is family friendly. Great place to dine before or after badger games. The staff is friendly and attentive. However, when the restaurant is full of badger faithfull, you can bet you will need to be patient. It gets loud with excited fans ready  to munch on some delicious mexican food. I love the enchilada verdes with a side of mole. All the burritos re great and they cater to vegetarians and vegans alike.
5	I discovered this magical place my freshman year - almost 8 years ago. I'm not in Madison anymore, but every time I come back I have to come here (if I am financially stable to do so at that moment in time). That being said, please do prepare yourselves! Both for the excessive amount of spending and eating. Huge portions = huge chunk of my wallet. This place is pretty expensive, BUT it's well worth it for unique blend of american and traditional Mexican food. You will not be disappointed. I've gotten almost every dish here and I have never regretted any once. They take a much longer time than an average restaurant when getting food out - which just goes to show that the food they prepare is fresh and detailed. You can taste that in the food. My favorite dishes? The Rajas, hands down. If you're looking for a mix of sweet and salty go for the Beef Caribbean Plate. Those are the two that I get most often. Among the other dishes there I'd also recommend the Plato Azteca and Carnitas.
2	Food was ok. Air conditioning not strong.  Our dinner guest was a roach crawling on the chair next to me. Felt like being in Mexico.
4	There is nothing better than spending a Saturday with a good friend, good food and a margarita to spice it up! ;)My friend Ale had never been to this restaurant so I decided to take her there. After I gave her a quick tour through the menu she decided to order the steak (rajas) which comes in a red chile sauce (pasilla and ancho chiles) with the steak, poblano chiles and chihuahua cheese on top, it was presented in a cute iron skillet. My friend liked it. I ordered my favorite one, plato caribeno (chicken), small chicken pieces with red, yellow and green bell peppers, the sauce it is sweet and tangy with pineapple undertones, the accompaniments are rice, black beans, small piles of salad with diced pineapple and sweet plantains. I loved the combination, it screams Caribbean! For me it's a piece of my dear country in my mouth because this restaurant is not 100% mexican, it has some Caribbean influences. I recommend this place, it has a homey feeling once you are inside.
1	Do not waste your time. I hate to be negative however...horrible service. The waiter did not get our order correct but we could not tell him because he did not come back to our table until we were done eating. When told of the mistake he said, "Oh you ate it." We said yes we did after not seeing you we decided to eat it.  We were looking for $1.50 off for not giving us the steak. That was all. But no apology. No nothing. I've never been to a place where they don't come check on you. You cannot beat the location.The food is average.  Chicken was good though. Service terrible.Decor is a joke.I really wanted to like this place but it just isn't possible. Go to any other Mexican place in the area but avoid this place.
4	Madison, WI is not necessarily known as the epicenter of great Mexican food. However, Casa de Lara is a solid option if you are really craving some. While the service won't knock your socks off, everyone is nice and the food is pretty darn delicious. Insider tip: Try one of their margaritas. Then have another. Repeat this process until you leave with a smile on your face.
