4	Look, it's Starbucks. They don't have the best espresso or coffee drinks but they are convienant, close and fast. I am no longer a hater. I'll drink it, get my caffeine fix and be happy. This S-bucks gve me a free drink once cuz they didn't get my order when I went through the drive thu. I'll take it!
5	Excellent service at this particular location. The girls always know what I'm going to order unless I throw them a curve ball and change it up a bit.
3	Stopped in here to grab a vanilla latte and mooch off the free wi-fi on my iPod.  Staff was friendly and my latte was surprisingly creamy.  Not a quality that I'm used to when it comes to Starbucks.
4	Can't say I've ever hated Starbucks. The employees have generally been okay to me and I actually like the taste of their coffee and espresso provided it isn't over-roasted (which does happen). While over-priced, I've found my stride on what to order over the years to where it isn't as expensive on days I do go.In this area, the closest Starbucks locations are this one and one over by Albertsons. Of the two, this one is less busy, with more personable employees and a drive thru that doesn't assume I own a truck lifted up three feet. They don't nail my order 100% every time, but it's usually minor things like not stirring a drink if I ask or forgetting my water. I don't get bent out of shape about it, as the coffee tastes good and the girls are nice. I'm low maintenance, and have certainly been to locations that make graver mistakes than this. For a caffeine fix, I don't hesitate to go here.
4	This was a welcome sight along Durango as we returned from our hike at Mount Charleston.The staff was very pleasant and my quad, iced espresso was ready quickly.I checked my email using their wifi and then I was on my way!  Good stop!
4	Good service and great coffee
5	I love the baristas here. I go here every morning and they are friendly and fast. Plus, it gives me my morning fix of starbucks!!
5	This location deserves a 5+ star rating! I'm at this location at least once a week. They one of the best night crew's of all of the Starbucks' in Las Vegas. I have never had a problem at this location. They recently got a new lady who has a really good memory(like all this locations employees) and had my drink memorized on my second time seeing her. If there is a line, by the time I get to the register, I can count on my drink being ready. This location is my favorite in Las Vegas.
2	I am writing this negative review using their own free Wi-Fi. With my own eyes I am watching the workers slack off, use profanity, and doing all kinds of horseplay. The workers play the music extremely loud compared to other Starbucks locations. They do this so they can dance along. What complete douchbagery!There are 2 workers here who are really cool and nice to everyone. That's why I give them an extra star. But, the other workers are creepy, weird, and some are just rude. I rather go to the location near Walmart, but this one is always deserted and the wi-fi is always super quick.
1	I feel bad giving this location such a low rating because like everyone in the city I know almost one person at every coffee shop here. I understand the stress of this job, but I also understand what goes on behind the counter. My husband worked at Buffalo & Lake Mead for 5 years. My problem with this location is this. 1) Drive thru. I refuse to go to this drive thru anymore because they simply do not follow their own policy. Starbucks has a 3 minute per car policy. Ex, if there are two cars in line, the second car should be out of the drive thru in six minutes. This location, that does not happen. I have waited over 20 minutes.... 20 minutes with one car in front. I watch to see if they are just an obnoxious person who ordered way too many drinks through the drive thru but that was not the case. Then I ask at the window you know, what happened? whats the hold up? You're not busy... They just ignore the question take my money and send me off. 2) They dont understand their computers. Like I said, I have never worked at starbucks. But I know the computer just from ordering and listening to people become trained on it. I know that there is an option for milk for extra (like in a chai) or for creamer. They ALWAYS first charge me for extra soy, even though its just CREAMER. There I have to sound like the ass correcting them, but thats almost a dollar extra. They then stop and THINK about what theyre doing and act like they are new at their jobs and never were taught that. (bullshit)3) My drink is always wrong. Now I dont want to sound like one of those stuck up valley girls in all this. But my drink is probably the most simple drink ever. A venti iced coffee, with 2 pumps of white moca and some soy creamer to top it off. pump pump, coffee, ice, milk... not hard... A standard iced coffee comes with 6 pumps of whatever you order or the standard sweetener. Its disgustingly sweet and turns into McDonalds coffee thus why I specifically one ask for 2. I always repeat myself twice, and get a repeat from them so they understood me correctly.They still fail. Somehow I really do not realize how. Most of the people working here are little teeny boppers still in high school. Which I did think was a good job for young kids, but not here. They're ruining this location. They need better training and to work harder and faster. They do not take their job seriously.The manager however was very kind when speaking with her. She did compliment us 2 drinks, but I will not be spending money on this location anymore. Like I said, Lake Mead & Buffalo is where it is at. I'm done ranting now.
1	never have i ever had such a bad experience at a starbucks as i have at this one. i was a partner at starbucks for 5 years. i expect the same values and customer service from every location as i gave in the time i was with the company. sadly that is not the case with this location. i live right up the street and my wife and i still enjoy grabbing a venti iced coffee with 2 pumps white mocha and a little bit of soy creamer. it never fails when we show up at this location, that my drink is completley wrong. to top it off the partners there dont seem to care. it makes me sad that this is the case. i would not ever reccomend going to this location. its just another 2 minite drive north to farm and durango to get a better experience.
4	I go here semi-often, usually when I run out of coffee at home and am making a mad dash to work. The employees who work the drive thru are exceptionally friendly and my drinks are always on point with a 'Good Morning' and a "Have a Nice Day'. The only thing that would make it 5 stars is if the drive thru didn't take so darn long!
3	The employees all seemed confused. The new system of Starbucks obviously isn't working in this store.
1	I don't normally write bad reviews...but this store seriously needs to make some changes. I go to this location to get coffee about 3-4 times a week. You always wait an average of 12-15 mins when there's only a couple of cars in front of you. I also try to look to see if some car has ordered a million drinks to justify waiting so long. When I get to the front there seems to be no sense of urgency. Usually there are about 2-3 people standing around watching the barista run around like a crazy person. In the past week and a half they have gotten my order wrong twice. My order is very simple....a grande nonfat vanilla latte. They repeat it back correctly & they still forget my vanilla. I'm usually on my way to work so I can't get my coffee fixed. A few months back they even forgot to put my espresso in. I actually took a picture and came back to the store the next day. They ended up making me a new one & giving me a coupon for another complimentary one, but I am done going into this store. That is way too many mistakes! No other Starbucks has ever made my drink wrong. This store has lost my business and I plan on going to the one on Centennial from now on.
2	Way to slow!  I go here on the way daily to work and usually wait about 10-15 minutes most of the time with only a few cars.  Yesterday I was stuck for 21 minutes on the line. Unacceptable. I go to the Starbucks by my office and always wait less than 10 minutes with at least 10 plus cars in line.  If they can do it why can't this one.  You risk being late to work if you go here unless you leave 30 minutes early.
4	Expect there to always be a line at the drive thru. I have been a little late for work a few times due to them being so slow. My coffee is consistent and the staff is very friendly. It is what you would expect from a Starbucks.
5	Always prompt quick service!
3	Friendly, same as almost every other starbucks in the country! Nothing amazing, nothing bad. Its near my Vegas home, thats why I go!
2	I've been coming to this Starbucks off and on for about 3 years, more recently in the past 6 months. At first everything started off great, fast, efficient and friendly service both in the drive thru and inside... Then lately things started to go downhill... Service got slower and in the past week alone my order got messed up 3 times, how hard is it to mess up a venti iced caramel  latte with nonfat milk and extra ice? First time they made it with regular milk, second time with lite ice and this time they made a caramel macchiato?! Not to mention the staff hasn't seem very friendly or apologetic for the mistakes. So I'm gonna leave this Starbucks alone for a while and spend some time at the one down the street.
2	Slooowest Starbucks I've ever been to in my entire life.... Make sure u give yourself plenty of time to get to your next appointment.. What should take at most 5 minutes of your life takes a good 15... And even though the formulas the same... Doesn't taste as good either... I'm sad to say I'm going to need to find an alternative to an old flame.. Maybe my pov is skewed having only lived in high pace city environments. Shrug..
4	Fast drink service here as they kept the line moving along. Gets a little crowded here in the mornings so come early if you need to claim a seat, table or outlet, as there aren't too many to go around. Located in a busy Smith's parking lot so parking is tough sometimes when it's busy, especially on weekends. If that happens, you can always hit the drive thru
4	Stopped in to grab a warm caffeine fix before standing outside in the cool air at one of the kids' functions. Nice atmosphere with a lot of patrons utilizing the free wi-fi. The new Thanksgiving blend was smooth and piping hot, as a good cup of joe should be. Like Paul W. Yelped previously, parking is a little tight. The service was fast and friendly.
5	Went through the drive through the other night because I had a free drink reward on my gold card that was about to expire. The service was very fast and friendly, and more importantly my coffee order was very good. I love Starbucks, it's definitely going to be nice living within 5 minutes of this one.. For whatever reason I can't make a decent frappuccino at home..
5	The drive thru line may be long but 9 times out of 10 it's quick. They are always so friendly. Even if you have to wait by time you get to the window to see the happy faces and get your hot coffee you immediately forget you were waiting :) Soy hazelnut macchiato for the win!
3	I've made a few visits back to this one since my last review. I must say that overall this location has improved. Drive thru seems to move quicker, staff seems to be friendlier and my drink had yet to be incorrect.The only thing is, every single Starbucks i've been going to has some serious issues with quality control. My drinks are always messy. Either coffee is dripping down the side, theyre sticky or they're over filled and spill all over you when you put the straw in.
4	"Drive-thru"What most fail to realize is that a Starbucks in NY and a Starbucks in Vegas will differ greatly. Considering the size of the establishment and the location (sharing parking space with a FedEx Kinkos, yogurt shop, sushi, pizza and a grocery store), it's bound to be busy and bustling.My trips to this location have always been pleasant. Then again, I hate long lines so if the drive-thru is busy, I don't go. I also avoid getting down if there seems to be a crowded interior. But that's to be expected, again, considering the location.From what I've experienced, their drive-thru is as quick as can be expected and their service is friendly (I swear the employees all sound like each other).If this was NY, you'd not have to worry about long lines because there would be a Starbucks around each corner. In Vegas, you have to accept the fact that it's not as widely available and that you have drive-thru so a wait is expected. I'm one of the few that avoids a location during peak hours so you won't catch me at Starbucks anytime between 6:30 - 8:30am (though if I can make a 6am drive-thru visit, I'll so it). It's all about knowing your stores and understanding that the crowd didn't just show up for your arrival!I have four stars mainly because there is nothing that separates this Starbucks from the one down the street by the Albertsons. Mmm... Iced Vanilla Latte!
4	Staff is very friendly at this location. If the drive thru line is long it usually moves fast, faster than the line inside. They always get my drink order correct too!
5	This Starbucks does an excellent job of getting your drinks and pastries out as quickly as possible. This particular Starbucks is not very big, but it is on a very crazy corner-- so it's bound to get super packed and the drive thru line to be super long. But, you never wait very long; the staff is always pleasant and my order is always made to my satisfaction. Keep up the great work, Starbucks!
