1	This is Dominos Pizza store 7576 - they got our order wrong.I was viewing a friend's FaceBook page and saw he was impressed at their new Pizza tracker online display of the progress of your take out or delivery order.  Looked pretty cool and recalled that we hadn't had a Domino's Pizza in a long time.  We ordered carryout and paid online; two Large Brooklyn style 14" pizzas with Salami, Onions & Tomatos.  Total price was $20.10 and we watched the tracker progress through each stage.  As it finished I drove there to pick it up.When I got home and we each had a piece, we saw that we received a sliced Italian sausage pizza not Salami and the tomatos or onions were rare.  (See photos).  It was very windy so I had rushed home in the darkness without checking the order (Note to self - never trust again).The tracker was cool, very innovative and informative, telling who was doing what at each step.  It has one step called "QUALITY CHECK" and it showed that Bambi had completed this.  Looks like this one slipped through as I got sliced Italian Sausage not Salami.All this for two 14" pizza costing $20.10?  I may have found out why I hadn't ordered a Domino's pizza in a while ...
5	One star is a little harsh, so mistakes happen Dominos is the best factory pizza place period .. I have never paid 20 plus for pizza from there,5.99 carry out ! enough said..
3	I had contacted Dominos and reported the mistaken pizzas received weeks ago.  The manager sent a very nice email, obviously sincere and wanted to make things right, inviting us back.  Most impressive follow through - Thank you for caring and being concerned.  We look forward to updating this.
5	I had complained about an incorrect order and Dominos stepped up and turned this one around.  Unbelievably great commitment to customer satisfaction that is much appreciated.  It also reminded me of the nice garlic flavor they have on the edge of each pizza crust, that is tasty and I haven't found elsewhere.  Thank you
2	Couldn't resist the price of eight bucks,  with the coupon code that came in the mail flyer, for a large pie with up to 10 toppings. And it was really easy to order online. That's where the good part ends.The deal mentioned above was not good for delivery, so my husband went to pick it up. We had made a specific time for it to be ready for pickup, but he had to wait a few minutes - no big deal. Brought it home to my excited growling tummy...I had ordered it with "robust tomato sauce". We couldn't even tell if the pizza even had any sauce on it. Bleh. I had ordered the regular "hand-tossed" crust - but the crust was so salty and greasy it was almost inedible. We really like lots of toppings, but there was maybe one tiny piece of each topping on each slice, some with none at all. I miss the Dominoes that used to be close to our old house - they seemed to be able to make a much better pizza for some reason. I think if we do order Dominoes again (because the eight buck pizza is really tempting), we'll try another location.
4	This Domino's is on point. I hate to admit it, but we order from these guys a lot and they are always quick, accurate and friendly. The first time we ordered from here when we first moved to Phoenix wasn't that great because they couldn't confirm our address was a house and we had to call to see where our food was. They eventually delivered it... cold. BUT I don't know if they have a new manager or not. They got there stuff together and I'm completely satisfied with them.
1	The service was TERRIBLE!!!!! Watch out for this store if your kids are Hungry!!! When I arrived no one  had ANY idea what was going on. I had to tell them what I had ordered even after they found my name in the system. Then they told me the order was still not done and it would still going be AWHILE, they could not even tell me in minutes how much longer. Mind you! This is after I had  ordered online from home-waited 15 minutes to leave, driving there for ten minutes and waiting another ten after I paid them. Seeing all the chaos I had enough and  decided to go some where else to get my family some food. I asked for my money back BUT since I had paid with my debit card when I arrived they informed me that it would take 10 to 15 business days to get my money back. Haven't been this MAD over pizza since I was a child..... This place does not deserve one star...
5	After a recent SHITE trip to Streets of New York (which is the most accurate way of describing how their pizza tastes) I really need to vouch for this Domino's. As noted before, they are always fast and friendly. They have the nicest delivery drivers. Unlike Streets. Domino's has never made me sick either.
1	They are consistently inconsistent! Pan pizza is often all white and mushy, but sometimes crispy, almost over cooked! I thought they were on a conveyer belt? Brooklyn style which I used to like is all salty and garlic tasting and under cooked. I only order here cause I work late and their delivery is fast, but the food is below normal standards from competitors. Wings are slimy, small, not hot, kinda gross. I'm not eating here anymore
5	I went in to their location which is right next door to where I moved and ordered a pizza and it was a very tasty pizza.   They even walked it over here to my location which they didn't have to do so great customer service.
4	Good sandwiches and fat delivery.  Their wings are not great and the boneless wings MUST have sauce to have flavor but that is a corporate issue and not the site. Drivers have always been nice
1	If negative stars were available, this place would get them!!!! Absolute idiots. You have one job and that's to make a pizza and you can't even get that right. Not only were the toppings wrong but they didn't cut it either. I called them and they have very poor communication skills also!!!!! Dominos pizza is horrible anyways!!!! Can't even believe I ordered from there in the first place!!! So much for being close and convenient!!!!!!
