2	Now that I have come clean to the Yelp community about my occasional dabbles with chains I feel it is best to cut right to the quintessential original chain.I myself very seldom get anything from McDonald's but I have kids that enjoy their french fries and the wraps they affectionately call "Crap Snacks"Additionally my wife is not a coffee drinker and her preferred caffeine delivery method is diet coke.  So the fast food joints not infrequently get the business for the diet cokes.The reason this particular McDonald's bears yelping is that it holds a singular record, one that I am at this point hoping it will maintain.  Once a record is set I sometimes loathe to see it fall.You see, this particular McDonald's has been visited by myself or members of my immediate family not less than 12 times.  On not one of those occasions have they produced a mistake free order.  Not once.  It's really rather remarkable.  It's not like we routinely order dramatic variations such as "No ketchup" or the dreaded "Can you put Big Mac onions on that?"Yet they have steadfastly achieved at least one mistake on each and every order, without exception.  On the occasions when we visit this McDonald's we now wait with baited breath while someone checks the bag and confirms that yes, indeed there is something we did not order in the bag or we are missing something we did order or something we ordered is not right.  Please, in the name of all that is Mass Consumerism in America, do not get this order correct!  We have standards!  There are bigger issues at play here!
1	This has got to be the WORST McDonald's ever.  I have lived less than a mile from it for 4 years.  I am not big on McDonald's, but my kids are.  I have learned to drive miles out of my way to go to another McDonald's.Inevitably, though, out of laziness or maybe hope, I keep trying this McDonald's only to have the order screwed up or something to be wrong with the food (stale french fry grease anyone?)  or both.  Nothing like the look of disappointment on a child's face when their french frys taste of stale grease.  I am not sure if this is a franchise store or corporate owned, but it has consistently been TERRIBLE for FOUR YEARS.This McDonald's just needs to be NUKED from orbit.
3	Regular Fast food for our Mcdouble hamburger and Vanilla milk shake. One mistake today.....my vanilla turned chocolate milk shake.
1	It's been 2 1/2 years since I posted my original review and this McDonald's still sucks!  We have learned to drive to the McDonald's on Alma School near Ocotillo as it has much better food and service.
1	I've been here three times and every time there was something wrong with my order. FIRST off they put TRASH inside my ice cream... I've gotten used napkins, half my order, half filled drinks, and when I ordered a chocolate dipped ice cream cone there was something sharp sticking out... This place is totally disgusting and every time I brought my order back they acted like I was a bother and that always happens...
1	I asked for fresh fries and it took 10 mins to get them. The manager was leaving and had to go in and remind them to bring them. They weren't hot so I called in and they said they would send me a gift card, I've yet to receive it.
1	I WILL never come to this one again. Customer service sucks. The blonde girl who looked like a mabager wasnt even paying attention to handing us our food. She was busy talking to someone else while handing us our food. The food was BEYOND cold. Just never again, waste of my money!!!!!
