3	Stopped into the Rigby (in the former Casbah location) earlier today with some friends, and I think it has some potential. It just opened and it's a rock (mostly Beatles) themed bar.It's a big space (3 floors) and they did a nice job decorating. The upstairs has a pub feel with a pool table and restaurant seating up front. They are currently converting the basement into a venue, which could be awesome with a dark, cave-like feel.I tried some of the food - the philly cheese steak and the pork sliders - both items were overly bland and tasted like something I just microwaved. Sandwiches come with ripple chips. Unless they start serving french onion dip (yum), that's not going to fly in Madison. It was 2-for-1 sandwiches and apps, which is a great deal.Service is good, staff was very nice. I think it's a good addition to the block (if they work on their food).
3	I ate here with a friend for lunch to try something new.  The menu was not all that exciting, but had all your basics - sandwiches, salads, burgers.  I got the mushroom swiss burger and it was very good. I opted for potato salad side rather than chips and that was also good - a huge portion, some would say too much?  My friend got the egg salad sandwich and said hers was good.  The prices were on the cheap side - $7 for mine, $5 for hers.  So I'll probably eat here again but it might not be my first choice with all the other downtown options.  I did enjoy the Beatles theme - my fave was the "let it BLT."  I also enjoyed that the menu had "rush" options and a "no rush" option - so if you were in a rush you could order certain foods and know you'd be out quick.  My burger was a "no rush" food and we were easily in and out in under an hour.
4	Cool theme. Curious to see if this place stays quiet or explodes in popularity. It could do either with the whole beatles/classic rock niche. Very excited to see some shows in "the cavern", their dark and dusty brick basement. Kind of creepy looking but its an awesome venue to see some music. They havnt had any shows yet. Tried the Rigby burger, which was ok. The meat/toppings wasn't hugge by any means but the kaiser roll it was on was the size of a football. A little too much bread IMO. The sides were the highlight in my opinion. I don't like super tangy coleslaw and theirs was nice and creamy with a touch of twang. Overall, a cool place with a decent beer selection and cheap, solid food. Its a nice addition to Madison's dynamic bar scene. Ill return to catch a show sometime.
3	Visited the Rigby recently for Team Trivia (currently Tuesdays at 7pm).  I got there early to eat dinner and reserve a table for my team. I was directed upstairs, and waited about 15 minutes alone before heading back to the main level to order a beer and request a menu. Once they realized I was there, service was kind and attentive. The food was very good for bar food.  The upstairs is a relatively large space, although there is a dart board set up on the middle of one of the walls.  If anyone had been playing darts, at least 2 tables would need to be moved.The happy hour special ($2.50 taps, 4-7pm) was great, but I never saw a beer menu. I would've preferred to see a list rather than rely on server's memory, although the tap is small enough that shouldn't really be a problem.  I guess I'd just rather mull & decide without wasting a server's time.I would go back to the Rigby if someone else suggested it, or for trivia again, but I probably won't seek it out.
4	OK, I've been returning for Team Trivia. Service has gotten much better, and they have beer lists on all the tables now! This rapid and positive change is enough to get another star from me.  The food is good; I recommend chips over fries. I think happy hour is 3-6 now, with specials each day.
5	Ok, I've only eaten here once, but it was hands down the best burger I've had in Madison.  The fried pickle chips added a great crunch, the burger itself was perfectly done - just the right amount of pink.  The service was wonderful too, and the price is definitely right.
4	This area of Madison has really got it going on with tons of great options including The Rigby! The Rigby is good ole fashioned Wisconsin bar confort food done right! They make their salads (potato salad, coleslaw) from scratch and their burgers are very underrated! Staff is great and speed of service is definitely better than some other spots in the area. I've never had any trouble getting in and getting out when in a hurry, and the food is awesome. Try the Rigby burger and their homemade coleslaw!
4	I've never eaten here, but I've seen a few shows and had drinks here. There was one server who was pretty undesirable, but I was informed that she no longer works there. The rest of the staff is very warm and welcoming. The drinks are always good. The Rigby draws a crowd, but never really feels packed. The location is fantastic.  The live performances are intimate. Overall, a great place to spend a Saturday night or a nice Sunday afternoon (all day happy hour prices).
4	I want to preface my review with the caveat that I frequent The Rigby for trivia on Tuesday nights.Atmosphere - Two levels. (three technically, but I've only been to the lower level once) It isn't anything fancy, but it is clean and has  nice windows on the top level.Wait staff - Usually really great and quick to please. They are friendly and treat their usuals (like me) very well.Beer - I think they have really improved. They usually have 6 to 7 local draws of solid beers with some standards (ie: two hearted)Food - They have improved here as well. Besides having cheesy Beatles related names, their food is pretty good for bar food. Chicken fingers have a nice, crispy batter. The homemade chips are usually spot on. The turkey slaw sandwich is yummy.
4	I can't speak to the food here as I have never eaten it but this place has some SERIOUSLY affordable drinks for a bar on the square.  $3 for rail cocktails... This is dangerous.  The staff always seems friendly and they have a few different spaces, the upstairs has two rooms and then the downstairs bar.  They also have bands from time to time.  The new bar manager used to be at vintage and brought their fabulous Apple Pie Shots with him.  Not a bad place at all!
4	Great place for a stiff cocktail.  The gummy bears are no joke.  GREAT music every time.
5	You can't order as bad meal here! Menu is well formed making it easy to pick just what you're in the mood for - lots of choices, but not so many that you get confused. Service is top notch and very friendly. Careful of the baked goods - very addicting! :-)Beatles atmosphere is awesome!!
4	We stopped in for a drink while waiting for a table at Red Sushi.  We grabbed a seat at the bar, inquired about the tap selection, and within a few minutes were enjoying a refreshing Bell's Two Hearted and a Vintage Banana Nut Bread.  We were there quite early, so the crowd was minimal; service was quick and friendly.The Rigby appears to have an upstairs and downstairs area; the downstairs was closed during the time of our visit.  After finishing the first round, we decided to share a Delirium Tremens (on tap).  It was excellent, as always.  The crowd started to pick-up just as we were leaving - I imagine this would be a fun place to hang at while listening to some live music and enjoying a fine beverage or three.  I'll be back!
2	This place is just OK. The bartender walked by to-be-orderers several times before noticing them. Drinks were sufficiently stiff. The food was hit and miss. Nachos - cheese sauce (come on, we're in WI!) and very little cheese. The meat on top was dry, almost like jerkey. It must have gone on before it was broiled, or it sat under the heat lamp for too long. It should have not been served; it clearly looked dry. Chicken Tenders - overall quite good. Good but probably not home made BBQ sauce. Fries were just OK. Cheese Curds - very good, but not the best in town. Although unusual, the dipping sauce was an interesting change of pace. I think it was ranch dressing mixed with Franks Red Hot.  We got a goodie bag of free baked goods just before we left, which was a nice touch and a creative way of marketing. I am tempted to take off another star because stakeholders in the business clearly wrote their own 5-star reviews (that were filtered out by yelp)
4	Thank baby Jezus: Food till 2am.Is it the best food you're going to eat this year?Mmmmmmmmm, no. BUT, remember, it's 2am, does it matter?
4	This place is really quirky, but awesome if you get to know it. It's Beatles themed, and the menu is goofy, but the fried cheese curds are fantastic, as is the jalapeno popper burger. The turkey swiss and slaw sandwich is also a winner.If you really want a great experience, go on a Tuesday night and play trivia. Kim, the trivia reader, is hilarious, and the waitstaff are super sweet and really friendly. They have a decent beer selection
4	The Rigby is a fun bar just off the Capitol Square.  It is unpretentious and has some pretty good food and solid tap list.  Try the Sergeant Popper Burger, a burger with cream cheese and jalapeno peppers.  It is a theme bar, which I usually don not go for, but The Rigby makes it work.  In case you couldn't tell by the name, the theme is rock and roll with a big Beatles influence.  A big draw here is Team Trivia on Tuesdays at 7PM.  Prizes are awarded for 1st through 3rd place and for best team name.  Win or loose it is always a good time.  The waitstaff is rock solid.   With good food, a solid tap list, friendly staff, good friends, and trivia, this place has become a weekly staple.
4	I like the Rigby.  The staff and owners are great and I enjoy the food.   The beer selection could be better as there are only 8 taps.  The lunches are good. ..I especially enjoy the club and Caesar wrap.
4	7/20/13 My wife and I biked downtown and came across The Rigby.  We had no idea it had been open since 2011.  Awesome 70's music was playing.  The bar is tastefully decorated with music memorabilia.  I really enjoyed looking at the framed album covers.  My wife thought it had a Chicago vibe.  They had $2.50 Edmund Fitzgerald's from Great Lakes Brewing Co for a special.  Their spinach dip with veggies, crackers, and tortillas chips was tasty.   The bartender was very pleasant and welcoming.
4	Terrific Tuesday night trivia! Good beer selection on tap (Fixed Gear, Hoppalicious, Fatty Boombalatty, one of the Vintage taps...). "Hippie Hour" 4-7pm includes $3 rails and taps, $1 PBR and free snacks. The Rigby is Beatles themed and the long wooden bar is an unexpectedly nice place to sit and enjoy a pint.
5	This was the first restaurant/pub I visited when I moved to Madison last October, and it quickly became a favorite. Most of the food is great - I'd highly recommend the burgers (I like the Here Comes the Sun burger with the fried egg on top), the turkey club wrap and ANY of the soups.  The chefs are talented and creative;  try one of their daily specials some time.  The mac and cheese is a favorite.  They also have fabulous fresh-baked goods (best strawberry scones I've ever had.)OK, I started with the food, but the real draw here is the atmosphere, which is a great blend of two elements; the tasteful Beatles decor and the friendly staff. My particular favorite is the giant retro album mosaic, including both classics (eponymous Led Zeppelin) and rarities (yeah, my mind just drew a blank). Don't expect All Beatles All The Time;  I doubt anyone can survive that narrow niche - but the music is fun and eclectic.There is a large upstairs which frequently hosts talent;  some of my favorites over the last year have been The Dirty Pigeons, Colorphase, Misery Jackals and Under the Willow. Tuesday night trivia is a must;  Kim is a character;  a latter-day Betty Boop with attitude. Tap beers are limited, but they are switched up frequently, so there's always something new to try. Someone said the Gummy Bears were no joke - I would have to second that. I should mention I'm 50.  The weekend late-night crowd makes me feel like a relic, but any other time there is a wide variety of ages in both regulars (like me) and newcomers.  But whoever you are, I guarantee you will feel welcome.
5	Best. Burger. Ever!Now that that's been said, very comfy, great music and atmosphere, a real 'local' feeling. Happy crowd, and for god's sake, hopefully you get Logan as your bartender because it will be impossible to leave without a smile on your face! Fantastic pub!
4	A short update to my last review.  The Rigby now has 14 taps on the main floor.  Thanks for listening an adding the 6 additional taps Rigby management.
1	I have gone to the Rigby about half a dozen times.  The service wasn't bad when it was busy, and they seemed to staff appropriately.  This included when I went in for a tap takeover.  The service hasn't been good though the 3 times I went and it wasn't busy.  One of the times I was just served slowly.  Another time I sat at the bar with my boyfriend for 10 minutes without even being greeted.  There are plenty of other bars near by, so we decided to move along.  The other time my boyfriend and I walked into the bar when it was empty.  We sat at the bar for 10 minutes listening to 2 employees talking in the kitchen.  One of them looked and saw us, and then went back to talking to the other employee.  After that we just decided to leave.  There's no point in staying at a bar where no one wants to serve you.
3	Ugh Riiiiiiigby. I love you. And I want to keep loving you, but your service has gotten atrocious.
4	Still a solid 4-stars. Dropped-by while waiting for a band to start at another venue, and decided to grab some grub, as well as a few brews.+ Friendly, fast, and attentive server - very good guy+ Menu, while not huge, has typical bar fare at reasonable prices+ Cheese curds looked to be housemade - they were quite good+ Nachos were insanely huge; more than enough to feed 8 people+ Burgers were scrumptious+ Wraps were tasty and full of fresh veggies and meats+ Tap list remains very solid+ Plenty of televisions+ Clean restrooms
4	They have a good beer selection although as it warms up it is good to see some of those heavier winter beers go. They had a lot of porters and stouts which is fine with me because that is my bread and butter. They were in the process of transitioning into the lighter spring beers as a lot of places are. I am usually pretty leery of fish fry because often they are over breaded. The Rigby had nice thick pieces of cod that were lightly breaded. The fries were ok but they had surprisingly great coleslaw. I usually set that aside but ate all of it. The bartender and waitstaff were are really attentive and fun to BS with. Wish I would have been going here longer.The menu and food is simple mostly bar food but the do it really well from what I saw.
4	I love the staff! I have only been here a few times and they remember my order! Wednesday nights, Tyler is in charge and he is great! Good happy hour specials too
2	Good bloody's but the food quality is very low and pricey for what you get. I ordered grilled shrimp salad and the shrimp were bits and pieces of shrimp and not a lot of them. The Mother Nature sandwich was delivered incorrect and was missing the main ingredient - the portobello mushroom. Disappointing experience.
2	Good prices and good service. The music is crazy loud tho. My ears hurt. With so many other bars around I would check them out before subjecting my ear drums to the punishment. It was very difficult to hold conversations. This place is 2.5 stars and would be 3.5 stars if not for the music.
2	I tried The Rigby this past Saturday with friends. "Medium" experience -- more of a 2.5 -- but I don't think that I'll return. There were plenty of positives: the location is great; there is plenty of outdoor seating; the interior was pretty cool. There were high notes on the food, too: the fried dill pickles and onion straws were delish, the bacon on the burgers was fantastic, and the bun on my hamburger (yes really), was super soft and tasty (so much so that we each commented on the bread -- crazy!). The negatives weren't horrible -- just enough to make the experience pretty average in my book. The menu isn't huge and isn't different from many places on the Square (sandwiches, cheese curds, beer). The food was fine, even good, don't get me wrong -- it just wasn't AWESOME. The prices were a smidge high -- my GF and I spent more than $30 on two burgers, two sodas, and an appetizer. The service was only okay -- our server was super nice, but the place definitely felt like a BAR that oh yeah, we serve food, too. The music was LOUD. Like, crazy loud. Like, shout over it and still can't be heard loud. The seating was kind of minimal and there were zero chairs or stools with backs. I didn't visit the bathroom but my friend did and declared it musty and a little dirty. SO -- a little nit picky on this stuff? Sure. But with so many great options on the Square -- hell, on King Street/E Main alone -- I'm looking for great, not just okay. And my experience was just okay.
5	I've read in previous posts that the service and food were subpar. That is NOT the case. Our service was impeccable, and our waitress extremely attentive. The food is pretty top notch pub/bar food, and the music is even better. Give this place a shot!
3	I came to The Rigby late night on a Friday and was greeted to an empty bar. Honestly, I was kind of pumped - my companion and I wanted to talk and we could actually hear each other / have free run of the jukebox. In talking to the super friendly and attentive (but not invasive) bartender it sounds like it's not uncommon for the crowd to wax and wane there over the course of the evening; we'd just missed a large group leaving and were later greeted by a large crew shortly before bar time.Generally I'd say The Rigby is a pretty average bar with an above-average bartender. He made me feel welcome and not just like someone he'd be handing a check to in an hour.
5	Walked in with pretty low expectations given the size of the place and amount of people in it (one other), but left extremely satisfied. The food was delicious (had chicken tenders and waffle fries- tenders had awesome seasoning), bartenders were friendly and took my order quickly, and the atmosphere was kinda neat. I'm no Beatles or classic rock fan, but the place has an interesting vibe to it. Will be back sometime soon!
