4	We'd been going for years when it was at the Cannery in North Las Vegas, but haven't been to this one (recently moved to this casino starting last year) yet. Basically, there are booths (merchandise), lots of food choices (skip the malasadas- they're sad and on the hard crusty side) and two nights of live musical performances (friday is for the younger crowd- jawaiian/hip hop, saturday is for the more mature crowd- more folksy type Hawaiian music). This pacific island celebration takes place twice a year (April/Sept) and is held for 3 days: friday, saturday, and sunday. There is a drawing. There are hula performances as well. Fox 5 News is a sponsor and they usually have their personalities there too. I saw Rachel and Darren once. Once we went on saturday morning, and saw O-shen, who performed the previous night- my husband asked to take a picture with him- that was really cool.
5	I'm not from Hawaii but having a huge API community back in the Bay, California we would have ginormous events such as these: Sounds of Hawaii in Mountain View and Tahiti Fete in San Jose are two that come to mind - make me miss home! But one of Las Vegas' biggest knocks is the lack of cultural diversity we have here -- so when events such as these arise its imperative for us locals to come out to celebrate and support our halaus, various vendors and community groups that put in the time and effort to put these dope events together. According to Nelson Q., this year's festival was fairly larger than last year's. It was well organized, great performers, family friendly and had enough food stands to have me salivating the entire time. Thanks to Yelp and much love and continued success to the Pure Aloha Festival's organizers. 10 years strong! Beautiful.
4	It was fun but the weather was hot!
4	First time attending this event, although I found out about it last year.The Pure Aloha Festival (PAF) takes place at the Silverton Casino, and usually there is a lot of publicity around Las Vegas prior to the event. And this year's PAF is their 10th anniversary, and I hope it will continue strong.The biggest draw for me is to check out the vendors selling Hawaiian food, and well, check out the people that come to these events.  The price of admission is $6, which is reasonable for similar festivals around Las Vegas. Plus if you want to shop, there are also a lot of vendors with Hawaiian inspired items.The food vendors were great, and I enjoyed the food I bought during the festival.  The malasads was a nice treat.  The free mangos and pineapples that Sam's Club was giving out during the event was good.  Didn't get to try the shaved ice, as the line was way too long to wait in under the really hot sun that day.I look forward to the PAF next year and hopefully the weather will cooperate too.
5	Lots of fun and great entertainment for $7. Watched several different hula shows and step from just about everywhere. The shrimp booth was great.. huge shrimp.. $10 for the.small.. then chicken kabobs from the grill with  rice $7 beers $4.. good time good value.. excellent overall value.
3	Place was small but food was good. service was great and show was fun.
4	Very small festival but the food and entertainment made up for the size. The food prices were great and most stands will let you sample some food as you walk around deciding which stand to eat at. Plenty of chairs and table space so you don't have to eat and walk. We were lucky enough to get free tickets to the Friday night comedy show/concert with Mahi and Augie T. Great show, we had a good time eating and laughing til after the sun went down.
4	It was me and my boyfriend's first time going this year! I am happy that I did.Minus the families trying to cut their way in front of us in line (which was later made up since a friend is a vendor and got us in... suckahhhhz (jk) :) ) Went on the Saturday Katchafire was performing. Didn't go into the concert, but definitely enjoyed all the food and entertainment. Not to mention the great feeling of nostalgia with the t-shirt and sticker vendors. I lived across the street from the Aloha Stadium when I was in Hawaii for 4 years, and the PAF was something like, 50th State Fair and Swap Meet all rolled into one.My boyfriend was satisfied with the pork hash that we got at one booth (which I cannot remember for the life of me) and I was excited to see a malassadas booth with custard filling (but was later disappointed after biting into them... :( nothing beats "home"!) But all in all, it was worth the trip. We also got this amazing Korean Chicken plate from a booth called "Big Braddah's" or something or other... and I enjoyed it so much, I was wondering where a location is....hmm.. anyone???Oh, and while eating, we enjoyed a great live performance from Mahi. I remember seeing him at Island Sushi and Hawaiian Grill down at the Plaza, and I enjoyed his performance so much that I wished my boyfriend would have been there. Just my luck, we finally got to enjoy his music together!I also bought a cute "Maneki Neko"/Lucky Cat tank top from the 808 All Day booth.Overall satisfied and would go back again and again! Can't wait for the Fall PAF!
3	Sorry, a few days late...I wasn't impressed truthfully.  I expected it to be a little bigger, but I think I slowly walked the entire event in 20min or so taking my time.  I paid the $8 entry to get in, but I didn't really find much else to spend my money on.Since I wasn't riding any rides, half the event was not useful to me.  I'd say the other 25% were little shops and vendors selling things, and after a little perusing, I didn't see anything that caught my eye.The other 25% was food...which was the reason I came here.  I wasn't expecting cheap food of course, but I was expecting GOOD food.  I tried 2-3 vendors, and the only thing that stuck in my mind was the Malasadas spot.  They were really busy selling a dozen at only $5, so the value was definitely there, but what you got were piping hot fresh Hawaiian doughnuts coated in a sugar goodness!  They were nice and fluffy inside, and were a great buy.Will I go again next event?  Probably not...but I wouldn't try to steer people away, since you might have a good time.
3	Going into the festival it was very disorganized and I went early in the day before it got busy.  It was Sunday, the last day you think they would have figured it out by then.  I was ready to leave before we got in.  Once we finally got in I was surprised at how small it was.  It was still pretty good for a small festival.  Food vendors were reasonably priced which was nice.  Usual carnival and games that are at every local event.  I should have paid attention to Nelson's review those malasadas  were totally Pillsbury biscuits!  We didn't see any performers but they did have some Hawaiian music playing.  I would have liked to see some dancers or live bands.  I love cultural festivals and hope this one continues to grow.
4	Ono grinds, that's why we attend this festival and to support our friends at the 9th Life booth.  Yes, its nothing impressive, but its a festival so its more so an experience.  We are from the islands, so it almost feels like we are at home when we come to Pure Aloha.  We see familiar faces, we hear and see Hawaiian culture being shared, and mainly what we are here for, the delicious grinds.  I usually try to get my Poi Mochi fix (when the line isn't so long), Malasadas (when its the real ones), smoke meat, Poke, and yes I could go on, fixes.  So if you want to indulge in culture and flavor, you should check out the Pure Aloha festival!
3	I wasn't impressed truthfully, the entry fee was $6 for us and didn't include the hula competition which you had to pay extra for which we weren't informed about.  I expected it to be a little bigger, but I think I walked the entire event in 30min or so. Nothing else happening during the day but food which was all pretty good. We tried several vendors of food but never bought anything from the other vendors. I will pass next time.
4	I was excited to visit the Pure Aloha festival at the Rio.  It was my first time, and I felt that I was back in the islands.  First I must say there was a lot of parking, didn't have to fight for it.  The ticket line was smooth.  Really enjoyed the local food, being away from Hawaii so long and I must say the entertainment truly brought the Islands to Las Vegas!
5	Vizzun did a great job producing this Festival. This was my first time attending and I was quite impressed. The variety of foods was great for a newbie to island comfort foods. Prices were a bit high for what was provided, but I got some  tasty treats. There were a number of carnival rides adding to the fun atmosphere, and vendors selling clothing, ukuleles, herbed salts- lots of things! The music and dancing were the main attractions for me. I thoroughly enjoyed the many performances by widely diverse dancers - toddlers to adults, people large and small, a rainbow of hues- just beautiful. The music- particularly the Ninth Island Band- was awesome. And the DJ spun some pretty good beats at the end of the night. Can't wait for the next one.
4	First off, get the Groupon deal! It's the best deal. I mean, paying for a food festival is like paying to even step inside a restaurant so I don't know about you, the best deal is the cheapest.Anyway, I really enjoy coming to Pure Aloha. My boyfriend & I grew up in Oahu and anywhere we feel at home, we take advantage of it. I love Hawaiian culture and food and music and everything! :)We enjoy browsing through the booths to get some new Hawaiian pride shirts then of course, grub some ono food! Braddah's Bbq is yummers. Maui Pack (I think that's what they call it), comes with Korean Chicken, Pulehu Steak, Sausage, Lumpia & Redondo Hotdog. SOOOOO YUMMY! Generous portion and also comes with Mac Salad. I pretty much slurped the Teriyaki Sauce too so don't forget to grab that.Eating Hawaiian food while listening to a live band playing Hawaiian music.. heaven. After our kanack attack, we get Shaved Ice because it's pretty much mandatory.I love the atmosphere of the festival & I look forward to it every time. I think everyone deserves to check it out, especially if you're not familiar with the Hawaiian culture.
3	I agree with the other folk reviews best way to get in here that is cost effective is thru Groupon this year the deal was $7 for two ppl entry. While visiting Vegas my Fiance and I thought it would be a great idea to go to this festival since we are both intrested in the Hawaiian culture. We had a blast trying out different foods and drinks. Warning alot of the price were high and required cash. My fav was Otai, its a hawaiian drink that is very sweet, refreshing, and hydrating. My drink kept me cool as we looked at all the vendors selling things that that they made. Live music was going on to keep everyone in the theme of Hawaii. Many of the live acts where actually poplar singers in Hawaii. Went on Easter and they had a free easter egg hunt for the kiddos. I took away a star because I was they had Lei Aloha dancers. I was lloking foward to sseing them and getting a lei lol
3	Cool event. I purchased my tickets on Groupon so it was basically half off of admission which was nice. Not as much food as I thought there would be. I enjoyed the performances though. Made me want to enroll my daughter in hula lessons, she'd be perfect for it. Plenty of rides and vendors for shopping, even a spot to get tattoos (I've never seen that before). I mainly come here for the music and shave ice so I was a happy camper. My boyfriend and I didn't stay too long only because we had other plans afterwards. He got a pineapple whip and I got 2 shave ice...yes I said two! Lol! It's so good and it was a bit hot that day so it was the perfect treat. Once it came time to eat, it was a no-brainer. I got garlic shrimp with macaroni salad and he got grilled chicken with garlic noodles. We devoured it! We might go next year but for sure we'll wait until the sun goes down.
