5	I am visiting my parents in Peoria, AZ and needed to have the air conditioning fluid replaced in my 1999 Pathfinder.  After a search on Yelp, I decided to call Honest-1 Auto Care since they had some good reviews.  They gave good advice over the phone - so I headed in to have the job done.  I have to say that I was very impressed.  The facility is very clean.   All of the employees behind the counter were helpful, friendly, and had a good sense of humor.  Best of all, the job was done well, was done quickly, and (best of all) was done for what I thought was a very fair price.I would take my car here again any day.  And I've recommended them to my folks too.  If you need service for your car, I think this place is an outstanding option to consider.
5	I own four vans, one truck and two cars. I have had my vehicles serviced here for the last 6 months! Today, one of my employees reported noisy brakes. I took the van right over to Honest One.  They served me pizza as I waited for the bad news about my brakes.  The news was good! The Brakes were better than 50% and the noise was from the brakes being ceramic.  He said No Charge and sent me on my way! Now that's my kind of Auto Mechanic. HONEST
5	116 degrees outside and go figure....my A.C. goes out!! Tom Young, and Honest-1 took my car in same day and had the issue fixed within hours. They had 7 other vehicles in front of me with the same A.C. issues so I was very surprised they had it done so quickly! Not only that, Tom stayed after hours and waited for me to pick up my vehicle which was very nice of him. Service was excellent, shop is very clean, and price for the repair can't be beat. Finding an "honest' mechanic is hard to find nowadays, but Honest-1 is exactly that. Honest.
5	I needed to pass emissions but the check engine light was on. The gentlemen at Honest-1 located the problem within moments of my showing up. The price wasn't bad and they knocked it out promptly the next morning. I was very comfortable while I waited. Smokey was my mechanic. He is a professional. My vehicle passed emissions and I was able to re-instate my registration with no problem.
5	husband just bought a used truck and at the dealership he took it to, told him it had all sorts of problems. Brought it into hones-1 and got a real estimate of what is wrong it it. There were no costly imaginary leaks like the dealer mechanics told my husband! Will be taking all cars here from now on!
5	They always quote me a lower price and have never done a poor job.Moreover, they make recommendations that can save you more money, like calling a friend in the junkyards to see if they have the same piece for cheaper.Honestly, great place
5	I checked out Honest-1 because of all the positive reviews I saw here on Yelp. I can see why the company's earned such high ratings.When I went in, I already knew I had a leaking A/C hose and that the refrigerant was all gone. When I brought the car down, I was surprised with how modern and sharp-looking the facility was. The waiting area was more like what I've seen at dealerships rather than a commercial facility. But I had a ride home though so I didn't wait. The fellow who took my keys was very friendly and professional. I got a "good feeling" from him - something I don't often get in auto repair. Honest-1 called back about an hour later and told me that the A/C hose needed replacing and that the back compressor was shot. I hadn't known that last but considering the way the car wheezed like Darth Vader, I wasn't surprised at the verdict. The end cost they quoted? About $100 more than what 2 other places quoted me just for the A/C hose replacement alone. I gave the go-ahead to fix it. They had the car repaired when they said they would and they even drove my vehicle up to me when I came to get it. It's been a few days now and everything's working fine. I'm planning to bring another car to them in the near future for a tune-up. This may be the start of a beautiful friendship.
5	The squealers on the brakes of my 2006 Toyota Highlander started letting me know that it was time for a brake job so after reading the positive reviews I took it to Honest-1.  We arrived at noon and they took it right in, called to let me know what needed to be done and the cost.   By 4 in the afternoon the work was done and we were on the way.  A great experience and a fair price.
5	I'm so glad I found Honest-1!  I took my vehicle to one of the the other "brake" places to get an oil change.  Afterwards they said I needed new front pads, new front rotors, and my rear cylinders were leaking.  Total cost...$750.  I immediately got on yelp and began looking for somewhere to get a second opinion.  I found lots of great reviews for Honest-1 so I took my vehicle there to get a second opinion.  The diagnosis...none of the "necessary" repairs were needed!  Honest-1 saved me $750 worth of unneeded repairs and has earned my business.  I will take my vehicles there from now on.
5	I thought I needed new brakes and was considering going to cookie cutter brake place until I read the mostly negative reviews on Yelp. I searched a little harder and came up with Honest -1 Auto Care and boy am I glad I did! I brought my car in and described the noise. Michael, the Service Manager, said they could take a look at it and even offered me a ride home. I didn't have anything else to do so I opted to wait. About 20 minutes later, I was informed that there was nothing wrong with my car and it needed no work. Has that ever happened at any other car place ever?!?! There is always something wrong even if there isn't anything wrong. They didn't even charge me to look at it. The following week I took the BF's car in also for brakes. He did actually need them replaced and they gave me a reasonable estimate and completed the work in less than 2 hours. We will continue to bring both our cars back for regularly scheduled maintenance or any necessary work that may be needed in the future. On a side note, if you have to wait they have made it very comfortable to do so. There is a children's play area, coffee, bottled water, a nice tv, a pc but they also have wifi if you want to bring your own lap top.
5	I live in the Southwest valley and I didn't want to go to the dealer, which is VW since Saturn doesn't exist. I found this place on yelp and decided it might be worth the 20 mile trip. I suspected the issue was the rear wheel bearing and when I arrived, a mechanic took a ride with me to assess the noise I described. He took my vehicle to the bay and after about 20 minutes, I was told that my vehicle did need a wheel bearing hub and was asked if I wanted to have the work done. I had the work done and was stunned at the price. The service is great and the prices are honest. I arrived at 11:07a Saturday and was out the door at 12:58pm. I will definitely be back to have my other vehicle serviced as well. Tom also gave me 10% off my total since I mentioned yelp. Awesome service and prices!!
5	Their name isn't a lie. I leaked radiator fluid and started to overheat when I brought my truck in and thought the worst (new radiator etc...). Honest 1 said they'd take a look at it and get back to me the following day.They said it was a water pump that busted and that was going to be around $300. I thought it was going to be much worse. They also fixed my battery too. I had my truck back in a day and it's been running fine ever since. Highly recommended!
5	I was very happy with there service .I called they were able to get me in and even gave me a ride home .They found the problem and had it fixed as soon as they got the part .It is so refreshing to know there are still honest people I hope they get lot,s of work for there integrity and hard work .I would go back when I need work on my car,s Thank you Honest -1Auto Care
5	Highly recommend!  Their name says it all.  You can trust this auto repair facility, unlike most.  They took care of my a/c problem within 5 hours without an appointment.  Professional, courteous and charged at least half of what a dealership quoted me.  Will definitely be a repeat customer.  Love that they have a free shuttle service, too.
5	Wow! I was in Arizona to visit my daughter who just had a baby.  Her AC in her Mazda 6 did not work at all and her blower controls were not working correctly.  I went to one shop and they told me it probably needed to go to a dealer for this complex repair.  I found Honest One on Yelp and called.  Michael the service manager was helpful. They fixed the car in 3 hours for just $185!  Recharged and filled freon fixed one problem. Replacing cabin filter in the dash fixed the blower control problem.  Who needs the dealer when there is Honest 1 Auto Repair!  Very clean and professional shop with friendly and knowledgable mechanics who know their stuff.
5	If you have car issues this is the place to go!! They are just good, HONEST, hard working guys that dont try to yank your chain like some other mechanic shops. I came in the shop with a check engine light on and some much needed maintenance needed to be complete. They completed the job to perfection. They even gave me a ride home and picked me up in the morning. What automotive shop offers that type service?? Thank you Mike for all your help with my 2005 Mustang GT you were awesome to deal with. You didn't give me one quote and then jack it up when the job was completed like other auto shops are known to do. I will be using you guys to help maintain my car and refer you to anyone I know who is in need of a GOOD mechanic!!! Thanks again!!!
5	I haven't had the pleasure of meeting Tom Young who is the owner/operator. I can tell you he did an amazing job in hiring Michael Tatum. I have used them several times and honestly have nothing bad to say. As a business owner myself, these guys are doing everything right. I took my car in today with some turn signal issues and they were packed. Michael took it upon himself to get my car in right away and they fixed it in 10 minutes. They also didn't charge me - this was the second time they did not charge me although I have had other work done - I feel bad but this is an example of their honesty! I could go on about their work but I suggest you guys go and experience it first hand. I won't go anywhere else and I HIGHLY recommend these guys. I will refer everyone I know to Michael and Honest-1.
5	The waiting room is very nice. Air conditioned. Free water, free coffee. It was very welcoming and the staff was very by nice too. The only problem is that it was a little pricey. Battery cost 125, where it is half the price at Costco. But based on their service and professionalism, I would come back.They also give discounts if you mention yelp!
5	I've taken our cars in to these guys numerous times. They've always accommodated my schedule, looked at things without charging me for their time, and have always been extremely fair, price wise.I'd recommend them to anyone.
5	It would be almost impossible to give this place less than 5 stars. I've used this facility a few times and each time they not only do good work, they do it in a timely fashion and with true honesty. That's very refreshing in these times. We all know that when our car breaks down, we're at the mercy of the mechanic or shop we take it to. Unfortunately in these cases it seems that most shops take advantage of our dilemma.That's not the case with this shop or Mike. In every case that I've been here he was not only upfront about the costs (which are always less than I expected) but sometimes the final cost is a little less than originally quoted.I have to hand it to these guys, nice shop, top quality work and a truly honest bunch of people. You deserve these 5 stars!
2	BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE ; SUGGESTED NEW ENGINE FOR OVERHEATING ISSUE; "...they may be nicer to you by simply playing dumb."I called in to receive a quote on a diagnostically-determined overheating-related repair, that my dealership had agreed the repair would be needed to resolve my vehicle's overheating problem. Although, the staff member/technician was very knowledgeable, the level of customer service was pretty bad. The staff member/technician would not listen to me as I tried to explain the history of the car, and the repair recommended by the dealership who had looked at the car yet quoted a substantially higher price than other repair shops for the job. I let him know I was simply calling around to find out how much he would charge for the job. The staff member/technician immediately started talked down to me, stating, because the car had over 150K miles, the repair wouldn't be done on the otherwise running and driveable vehicle; he recommended my engine be replaced completely, quoting a price $1000 MORE than the dealership. The staff member/technician also tried to scare me by saying if I did get the job done, it could result in a "dead" engine if the work was not done properly so this is another reason they wouldn't recommend it (I was shocked they would even mention a possibility of them doing improper job). As I was trying to discuss that there might be a misunderstanding of what's going on with the car, and asked for more clarification, the staff member/technician told me he had 3 other customers waiting and if I wanted to bring it in for him to look at it, I'd just have to pay for that and I could always go somewhere else, if I wanted.I wound up taking my car to Goodyear, quoting less than Honest-1 Auto Care, by $1500, and that includes 1 year warranty on the work. Recommendation: If you know nothing about your car, but want a fair deal... coming here may not hurt too much; they may be nicer to you by simply playing dumb. However, if you are a pretty knowledgeable consumer (I'm a disabled mechanic incapable of doing this job myself, thus why I reached out)... watch out, you might get hardballed and pushed aside for asking reasonable questions.
1	I just received a response from one of the employees, and wanted to update from two stars ("Meh. I've experienced better") to one star ("Eek! Methinks not."). Although, I appreciate the time they took to respond to my previous review, again, this review is addressing their customer service, with the online presence matching my phone experience.In the comment, the employee addresses a review of an interaction with another employee over the phone, by focusing on the details of the job being done, rather than the customer service that was being reviewed. What is interesting is, even though I didn't mention any specifics of the job in the original review, but the comment refers to how "big" the job was and placing blame on the situation. This is indicative of the responding employee consulting with the addressed employee for information that could possibly defend their reputation. And here is what is really important to them, the reputation OVER the customer experience.This review, again is about the customer service of this business. Instead of just saying, "Thank you for your feedback. I'm sorry if this was your experience." ...the employee clearly demonstrates the type of customer service one can expect. They do not take responsibility for simply bad customer service, which can happen in any business. However, "being a qualified technician" doesn't give an establishment the excuse to address potential customers with disregard for professional standards of customer service. The competence of the staff is clear from the other reviews and is not in question. However, it's evident good customer service isn't only about being honest.I advise to potential customers of this establishment, to carefully read the original review and evaluate their response. As a potential customer, what if that was your review? As said before, it seems best to play dumb, refrain from asking questions, and try to work out your best deal... this is a main reason why mechanics and technicians gain reputations regarding customer service in the first place. Honest-1 Auto Care has a clear reputation for being "skilled" and "honest" as their name suggests... But outside of that, the service is nothing exceptional. That's why Yelp is so helpful. Reading other top rates reviews, there are quite a few "honest" mechanics in the Valley, and plenty of "skilled" mechanics. But, for overall quality of service, funds might be better spent on work that was not only honest  and skillfully completed, but also quality customer service that truly makes the difference in earning additional business ^_^  Remember, truly honest work can stand on it's own reputation. Nevertheless, from the other reviews of Honest-1, they seem do a good job more often than not... but if you happen to have an "honest" question about their work, it's evident... you can expect them not take it very well.
5	WOW! "Honest" is right!I almost NEVER let anyone else work on my vehicles. But, I don't have my own alignment rack, so I called these guys.  They quoted $80 plus tax for an alignment (fair price).  When I dropped it off I asked that they also rotate the tires.When I went back to pick it up the final bill, with tax, was $76.  I said, "I am not complaining, but that is LESS than you quoted & you did MORE work?"He explained that it only needed "minor adjustments" so they charged less!How often do companies do that?  I will be back & I WILL send my friends, so that move will end up making him more profit (SMART BUSINESS MOVE).Thanks!
5	Nothing but wonderful service and great care.
5	Took my Toyota in for an oil change today and the dealer gave me a list of things that needed "immediate" attention.  I decided to get a second opinion and went to Honest-1 Auto Care.  Boy, am I glad I did.  They checked out my vehicle and let me know that the majority of the things didn't need immediate attention, but eventually would need to be fixed down the road.  They took me back to the car while it was on the lift and explained what was going on.  There was no pressure to do any work.  These guys are polite and more important - honest.  From now on, I know where I will have my cars serviced.
4	I like them! Comfortable waiting area, the auto tech took a ride with me in the car to make sure he knew what I was talking about (been a while since they've done that) the shuttle driver took me to work as I dropped my car off for the morning. They picked me up at the end of the day and my car worked like a dream. I like the free roadside assistance deal they provide too. Will definetly return and recomment to everyone!
2	Nonchalant attitudes all around. I felt that the customer service was quite poor. They never really cared until I came in to pay for the work I had done, which made me very surprised after reading all of the great reviews. They were also quite pricey. I will most likely not return to Honest 1.
5	I can't recommend this shop highly enough. On a Thanksgiving road trip my friend made a stop in Phoenix and his water pump went out when he got here. I checked Yelp to find him a mechanic and had him call Honest-1. After he talked to the owner, Tom, he said he felt confident that he'd be able to fix it so there was no need to call another shop. We dropped the vehicle off at Honest-1 at 1:30 (on the day before Thanksgiving!), and Tom assured us that the work would be done that day which was critical since my friend was leaving Phoenix on Friday morning. We came back at 4:30 and the car was fixed and waiting for us. A lot of auto shops would have added a charge to the bill for doing the work within such a short window of time but that wasn't the case with Honest-1. On top of that we were given a discount for telling him we found him on Yelp. They also participate in a program with other shops that guarantees the work no matter where you are in the country. The lobby is spotlessly clean, has a comfortable waiting area, TV, coffee, and a computer for customer use. Definitely five stars all the way around.
5	Honest 1,Gets my vote of confidence, in the simple fact, that they do, what you ask of them.Most garage shops try too find everything wrong with your car or pickup.Tom the owner of this company carries a high standard in workmanship and customer service.we have been using they're services for a year now, with noreservations of how, we will be treated. Nice to know there are business owners you can still trust, Highly recommend his auto repair shop, as the best in town.You will not be disappointed.
5	Never thought I would write a good review for a mechanic as I have seen too much of the dark side of "auto-care"....long story short is I brought my car in and they tested it for 3 days...they actually fixed the problem but since they didn't know how they fixed it, they didn't charge me a dime...that's right, car works great and they didn't charge me a dime...thanks Honest-1....you've earned this review and my business
5	Just like the name says! Very professional group of guys who don't try to swindle you or up-sell their services. They did my oil change, replaced my windshield wipers and took extra precaution with checking my fluids and brakes because I was going out of town. They go the extra mile and deserve great ratings - I started referring them to friends and family immediately.
5	This is the place to take your car!   After 35 years of being jerked around and ripped off by various car dealers laying in wait to take advantage of a woman driver, I was not happy to have to take my car in for it's 90k mile service and some minor repairs. Not being from the area, I called the dealer and was given a soft quote of about $800. The reviews gave them 1 star, and a long list of bad reviews siting poor performance and outright theft.  Great. Another go-round with the same below-par service. After looking for an alternative, I found these guys and spoke with Carlos, who told me what scheduled maintenance was needed, but wanted to look the car over before an actual quote. I brought it in that day and they went over the entire car for almost an hour.  No charge. (the dealer has charged me $100 for a 15 minute inspection in the past) They told me what it needed and then I added a total power steering service and a repair on my lift gate which needed 4 parts and labor to fix.  even after the added stuff they came up with a price of $840. with a 12k nation wide guaranty with roadside assistance. (Dealer had 30 days) Sounded great!  They got me in the next day and after everything was done, the bill came up LESS by about $60!  As if that wasn't great on it's own, they actually bought Valvoline to use in my oil change even though it's not their usual oil. Again, no extra charge for this "concierge" service.  And even better, Jeff, the transmission guru, (I think more like a super-hero) was nice enough to trouble-shoot a weird transmission/electrical issue with my cruise control that's been popping up from time to time for years. The dealer keeps trying to fix it by replacing "bad sensors" at $500 a pop, (i have had it done 5 times in 2.5 years), but they never really get to the bottom of it or fix it.  Try as he might, he couldn't duplicate the issue- probably because it only happens when the car is loaded down with extra weight.  As I am about to drive to Seattle, he did tell me that if it started to act up, to call him directly from the road and he would try to help.  WHAT??!  This man, like most true experts,  likes a good puzzle and wants to get to the bottom of it.  Definitely someone you want on your team. I will have these guys on speed dial for sure.  The icing on the cake? They were nice, on time, and really fun to be around.  I can truthfully say that this was the BEST automotive experience I have ever had. KUDOS to Honest-1, and special thanks to Carlos,Jeff and the team.  They live up to their name and deserve every good review they have on this site.  Expect 5 stars, because they deliver.
4	I've been here on two occasions and in both instances the place lived up to its name. The inside is very clean and all the staff were attentive and nice. The first time I went in they performed the service I requested at a fair price and gave me an accurate assessment of my car- sounds pretty simple, but that's not always the easiest thing to find. In the second instance, they actually turned me away for a service they could have performed, but since it was likely a recalled part they told me to take it to the dealership. It turns out the part was recalled so the dealership replaced it for free, but had I paid for it, it would have been around $600.  This place has been great for me so far.
5	I signed up for yelp just so I could review this place. I brought in my old Cadillac that almost nobody is willing to work on. Not only were they willing to work on it the work was top shelf. Everyone I dealt with was amazing. I didn't think an honest and dependable shop existed anymore as I have been looking for one for years. I won't even get mad next time my car breaks down. Ill just bring it back to Honest 1. Thank you Carlos!!
1	When I came to pickup my car, I was told to expect a little smoking from some violent that spilt while they were refilling it. This smoking continued for about 15 miles!  The next morning I noticed a big pool of coolant under my car as I backed out.  Come to find out they never fixed the problem the first time, and wanted even more to fix what was originally wrong, and water pump!  They were so careless about working on my car that the tech left his greased up rags on my seat.  Well in the end I too got a taste of their poor customer service.  They may have got an extra few bucks out of me, but they lost a repeat customer.  One needs to only look at the number of reviews by people who only have a few reviews to realize their rating is bloated and fake.
5	I was on my way out of town and I swung by my dads to give him a kiss goodbye before I left.  As I pulled in, my check engine light came on.  My auto guys are in the east valley where I live so I hopped on my Yelp app and found Honest-1 Auto care.  I was in and out in less than 30 minutes.  The issue was completely benign and doesn't effect my vehicles performance.  I was relieved and delighted that they didn't tell me it was something that needed to be fixed ASAP just to make money.
5	I read the Yelp! reviews before first going to this place.  It's now a year later and I think 3 services afterward that I can say with all confidence this place is the best.  I used to have a Toyota Prius and was always paranoid about bringing it to anything other than a certified Toyota service center...  I have a 2003 Kia now and not so worried about the technology.  In any case, I've never gotten such quick service at a low cost as with Honest-1.Tom and Carlos are always friendly and one of their mechanics even noticed a loose bolt in my hubcap, literally minutes after I had had them put on at Pep Boys.  They really go out of their way to provide good service.  I'll be back.
1	Here is what this "Honest" business owner sent me a earlier today...Tom Y."I think your shirt says it all, about you, Stupid People with power."Shame on him for harassing an honest review!  Don't blame me for providing me an awful experience.
5	I have been taking my car to H1 for approximately 5 years. Recently, my car wouldn't start one morning. After I got it jumped I drove it to H1 to get it diagnosed. Carlos immediately hooked my battery up and told me it was a bad battery. Since my battery was under warranty I took it to Autozone where they refused to replace the battery. Instead they charged it and sent me on my way.Five days later my battery was once again dead. I went to Autozone and they told me the batter was fine and instead it was my alternator. Once again, I went back to H1. Carlos immediately hooked my car up and showed me the alternator was fine. He handed me a slip of paper to show the guys at Autozone what the problem was.I went to Autozone, after a few jumpstarts, and once again they told me the battery was fine. After heated discussion, they retested the battery which showed it was defective and replaced my battery.H1 is trustworthy and I will never take my cars anywhere else while I am in Arizona.
5	Great service and very honest.  Waiting room is nice with free coffee and the staff are super nice.  I will totally be back and recommending them to others.
5	I came back from camping and my overheating light came on, the fan wasn't shutting off, and a belt was squealing. I explained the situation and what was going to Tom who said they were good to work on my car right away and that it was probably the water pump.I brought it in and after reviewing it Carlos said that it was the thermostat and that the belt was dirty but still good. They flushed my system, changed the thermostat, and cleaned off my belts for free.Second time I've used H1 and don't plan on going anywhere else. Highly recommended!
5	Two days ago my radiator broke and I just moved to the area so I found these guys because they were closest and took the risk...and boy was it worth it! These guys are FAST! I brought my car in and same day it was fixed, they even were nice enough to bring me home to get ready for work and then drive me to work..talk about great customer service. I highly recommend them!
4	My roommate took his 09 Honda Civic in for a brake job.  Job was done today as promised, within estimated amount, if at the high end for a single axle.  Whole facility, including garage area, was super clean.  Comfortable, attractive waiting area with wide screen TV.  Separate small play area for small children within sight with it's own TV and DVD player.  As others have mentioned, there's a cooler with free bottled water as well as a single cup coffee maker and complimentary coffee.  Man at the counter was courteous.  "Our" first experience here was routine and went fine, with no complaints, and nothing exceptional either way, which would ordinarily rate a perfectly complimentary 3 stars from me, but I'm going to go with a 4 based on the amenities and the impressive cleanliness of the entire facility, including the garage bays which you can see from the picture window behind the front desk.  Although I have a garage I like and trust in mid-town Phoenix, the experience here, proximity to home, and the convenient Saturday hours would bring me back to Honest-1 with my own car should the need arise.  With a little more experience which (nothing against you, o Honest-1), I hope I don't have need of, I might be willing to say "it's as good as it gets".  For now, it was an A-OK experience, with bonus points for cleanliness, and I would go back.
5	When I took my last car to Toyota for a battery replacement they charged a fortune for the battery and labor. I asked them to connect another battery to save my settings, which they said they would. When my car was done they advised they were unable to save the settings because there was no room to connect a spare battery?!? This time I bought my own battery online, and got a MUCH better battery than the crap Toyota sells for less money. The guys at Honest 1 Auto Care Glendale AZ connected a battery saver, saved all my settings, and installed the new battery in about 10 minutes for only $10! I highly recommend you to all my friends, family, and customers.
5	The serpentine belt, she broke in a parking lot.  I took my truck here as they had the lowest price I could find and due to the number of positive yelp reviews.  They drove me home after I dropped it off and then called an hour later to say they would be back to pick me up. They found two other items that need service and wrote up quotes on those but there was no pressure on doing either one right then.  Yep, I'll be going back there I think.
5	I was impressed with this mechanic shop because they were kind and priced my alternator job consistently.  I had left their original quote at home and when I arrived at the shop they used their program to come up with the same fair price as before.  It was quick, clean, and quality work.  Plan to come back for my suspension job based on how well they did.  Thank you!
2	I guess they're under new management because my last service there was horrible. I don't trust them anymore and will never return. The same EXACT service was over double the previous service which amounted to approximately $200 in what I consider overcharges.I felt like I was dealing with a snake oil salesman. In fact, I've never felt so used and cheated in my life. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, ain't gonna happen! Honesty has gone from this business...
2	Been here a few times.Yes they are more honest than other places, but still are not completely honest.Also their prices are way higher than most places.Was told when I brought my Lincoln in for so something minor that my transmission was "going".Well that was 2 years ago, and transmission is still fine.Also they charge almost double for parts if you get through them.Can buy online for way cheaper.Even other auto shops charge half of what they do for parts and labor.They warranty their batteries and parts, but if you ever need to use said warranty they will fight you tooth and nail.Also took them 3 hours to perform a simple 1 hour job.I don't get why everyone reccomends them.
