4	Not bad, not bad at all.24 hour delivery? Word.Ordered at about quarter past three in the morning during a snowstorm in Montreal after watching Goodfellas with my cousin and a few beers and a couple of cigarettes of this kind and that. 40 minutes later buddy shows up at the door with a large all dressed, hot off the oven. Traditional Montreal style with the pepperoni under the cheese. Hit the spot.Angela's is definitely on the radar for future latenight munchies in MTL.
1	You've got to be kidding me.  Ordered at 2:05am, said pizza would take 45min to an hour. An hour and 45 minutes later, no food, and busy signal at the restaurant.  Already gave my credit card. FML. This place sucks.
4	Omg! 24 hour delivery! This is a great idea. I love to come here for the poutines! They are just amazing, especially the smoke meat poutine, it's to die for.The restaurant looks like a mom and pop place with the checkered red and with tables. The pizza is great has well and not expensive. Sometimes service is slow because bar/club hoppers go here at 2-5am to eat. It does get intense but that's how you know it's great food,
4	Pizza, poutine etc. all descent and above average. But what not many people know is that every Thursday there's greek pastitsio and fasolada. They make them perfectly and many greeks visit the restaurant that day to eat. Don't miss that.
3	It's 3 a.m. and you and your friends are hungry for poutine, a souvlaki pita wrap, a cheesecake slice, a pizza slice and coffee, but where, oh where do you go to get everything you want in one place? Angela's can answer that call and it is the place for all of your late-night, post-drinking needs. This place is open 24 hours and is a decent go-to spot if your favourite late night eatery has a line-up. The food isn't that great but at 3 a.m., who cares. It's satisfying, filling and cheap, which is what you're looking for.
4	I went for the first time at like 4:30am and got a chicken poutine for about $10. The way they put the cheese makes it look like a pasta. The plate is big and you probably won't be able to finish it (challenge accepted?).Another time, I order the hamburger deluxe. It was pretty fulfilling I do find the place a bit pricey though.They delivery till 6 (or 7) in the morning which is SUPER practical since nothing else is open!They take credit card for delivery as well. They will take the number on the phone then you present it to the delivery person at the door. Also, be sure to have some cash to give the delivery person for tip since it won't be added to your card.
4	Delivery!  To our hotel!!  (we stayed at the Sofitel) Until 6 am?!  WHAT!?  Amazing!Chicken soulvaki was delivered piping hot, really fast, tasted great.  No complaints!
1	Food is not bad. Open late.The staff aren't always nice - pesters you for the tip.
1	Very underwhelmed by the food - the vegetables on the vegetarian pizza were paste-like. The cheese was extremely stale. To top that the delivery driver made a snide remark about getting too low of a tip. Was not cheap either.
3	I come here quite often because it's opened so late. Honestly, everything is pretty mediocre except the FRIES. I think they double deep fried it. So good, much crisp
3	I came here one evening for dinner with a friend. Their souvlakis were great, especially the fries. However, other dishes were mediocre at best. There is nothing special about the place.
5	Ever since I moved to Montreal 15 years ago I have been eating here. It is good quality food at very reasonable prices. Delivery is available till 6 am I believe.  It is great because of its convenience. I don't think I will ever stop coming to this restaurant.
4	Great pizza and subs. Rest of the food is decent... We had the Fettuccine Alfredo tonight which was served quickly, piping HOT, and and nicely al dente (really saucy though, but that's how I like it). Open all night. However, we just saw the owner/manager? Sneaking cigarettes in the kitchen while cooking pizzas and I don't particularly like using the dank basement bathrooms there :/ That won't stop me from coming back though!
1	Disgusting. Just got my order a half an hr ago. Worst pizza I've ever had. Poutine was terrible too. Nasty, just nasty.
1	Pizza was soggy and had a very thick crust (this was not a deep dish or Sicilian). Prices were higher then those shown on the online menu.  When  shown the difference the delivery person  without hesitation pointed to the menu he brought showing the disclaimer that  prices can change without notice. This probably happens often.Don't be a sucker and order from this masquerade of a pizza shop!
2	Probably a good place for some food after a night of drinking.  They're open late.  Tried their Angela Pizza and a meat pizza.  Toppings on the pizza were decent, but it's the crust that kills it.  Slightly too thick, very bland tasting.  My friends steak sandwich looked much better.
