5	Okay I'm actually kind of sad that I'm the first place to review this salon because I have been coming here for about three years now on a regular basis and it might just be the best kept secret in Vegas. I'm letting the cat out of the bag because I think every woman (and man!) should be pampered at a price that won't kill your wallet, but you still get the best quality. This place is literally across the street from UNLV and I decided to go there today before my final exam for a much needed manicure and pedicure. This place usually has 2-3 people working and is moderately busy. I was greeted by the owner who immediately asked me what I wanted done, and then asked me to pick out a color as he filled up my pedicure station. When you walk in, it's kind of bright in here but still oddly relaxing, it definitely puts me in an upbeat mood. Fluorescent lights, a big flat-screen TV (playing Law & Order today, hehe), yellow and orange walls, and 5 lime green massage chairs with pedicure tubs attached. Yes, as you get your pedicure you get to get a massage. Press the red button and you're good to go. There was one minor catastrophe today that had never happened before. The owner went to the back to assist some other customers and to get supplies, and my pedicure tub overflowed onto the floor. Whoopsie. It wasn't that bad and he cleaned it up right away, it was only water, not a big deal. I had my bag placed behind me instead of on the floor (smart one, Adina) so nothing was damaged. It was a first time thing and he apologized and it didn't matter too much. As I'm relaxing and getting a massage from the chair, he started the pedicure. He asked me if I wanted them filed or cut and if I wanted the color I picked out on my feet and toes, and then proceeded to begin. I have never once had a problem here, the pedicures are always pristine and something I would expect from a much higher-end salon, especially since they give you an AMAZING foot and leg massage! Don't wear skinny jeans or anything, make sure you're wearing shorts, a dress, or jeans you can hike up because you do not want to miss out on that. This time was no different than the others, and my feet feel lovely, clean, and pretty. I wear high heels all the time so having nice feet is very important to me. When he finished he asked me to go to his station to do my manicure, and asked me if I would like to pay first so I wouldn't ruin the manicure which I did. He gave me a discount of $3 since I'm a student, so the total for a mani/pedi was $32 without tip. Not shabby at all. Manicure was fabulous, and so was the hand and arm massage, ahhh. They have hot dryers at a few stations, and also blacklight dryers near the back rooms. They also help you to get your keys out of your bag if you need it and are very courteous with handling bags, shoes, etc. I asked him what the latest they take clients was (7 PM) and I came back after my final exam for the ultimate indulgence - a European facial. One hour which includes a complete facial and hand, arm, shoulders, neck, and face massage for $45. The aesthetician is a nice lady who is discreet and professional even when you're getting waxed in certain places. She even commented on my haircut I had earlier today - yes, even though they see me once a month, they always comment on my looks and I love it :) The facial was the best part of my year so far, and so relaxing that I almost fell asleep! My skin feels completely refreshed and moisturized and was ridiculously nice, and the massage especially at the temples was very soothing. When I went to pay after she let me have a quick catnap, she only charged me $35, which is the price for a 35 minute facial. So nice! I guess that might be a student or frequent customer discount, but I took it and gave a very nice tip. This place is always clean, the people are friendly, and they are very good at letting you know exactly how long something will be if there is a wait (which sometimes there is). You can make appointments, but 99% of the time I'm just a walk-in and I can remember only one time where I had to wait more than 10 minutes. They are highly professional, always do a great job for a very great price, and I will continue to come to them whenever I need a pick-me-up. They accept ANYONE, even males and kids. I have brought friends here who have spent $20-50 more for the SAME services, and they were amazed at the results that were even better than their previous salons. I hope this salon gets the respect it deserves and hope it never closes as most small businesses in the area have so I can continue being a fabulous and broke college student on a budget!P.S. Just some helpful tips - wear comfortable pants that allow you to have a massage, don't wear jewelry on your hands, wrists, or feet for the same reason, and tip generously! :)
5	Apparently the only way a woman should ever get a bikini wax is while drunk. Your senses are deadened, and it is even a bit fun since inebriation makes you think weird and funny thoughts. "She is putting wax WHERE?!" Came here just before closing and called before just to make sure they would stay open, which thankfully they did for me. I was the only customer there and everything was very quick. The woman who does all the aesthetic services is totally awesome, discreet, and tries to make everything as painless as possible. While getting said bikini wax she even asked me how my pain tolerance was. Little did she know that having half a pitcher of sangria at Firefly makes the tolerance level a LOT better. It is always weird showing your lady bits to a stranger but she acts like she has seen it all and she is extremely professional. The regular bikini wax is $30 without tip and she did a fantastic job, and I am very impressed that they stayed open a little later to make sure I was taken care of. This is the only place in Vegas to stay loyal to, this spa is terrific and very decently priced.
3	This review is for pedicures only... I've been here 4 or 5 times to get a "spa" pedicure.  This service runs $20, and I guess you get what you pay for... I've had better times, and worse, but I think I may be ready to leave Eva behind and treat myself to an upgrade.Pros: They're cheap, I've never had to wait (always walk-in), the polish job is usually awesome and lasts up to 3 or 4 weeks,  people don't try and make conversation.Cons: they don't pamper much, the leg massage is more painful than relaxing, the place often has a very strong chemical smell, massage chairs are old and don't work so great, my troll feet return after just a few hours.The old place I went (granted, in a small college town) was $17 for at least 30 min of  pampering, and they would leave your feet feeling like unicorn eyelashes (aka VERY SOFT).  Here they just don't do enough work filing and scrubbing on my paws to make much difference.Bottom line - if you need a quick polish job they will have your toes looking shiny for weeks, but it's not the full service pedicure it claims to be.
4	Great session and friendly staff!I came in on Sunday and got tips and a pedicure.  It took about 90 minutes which wasn't bad as most if it was spent soaking my feet in the massage chair.  The lady next to me didn't like her nail color and they changed it at no charge.This was my first time getting tips but I think they look very good.  I'll see how long they last.The service was wonderful but it wasn't as clean as it could have been.  Nothing to make you say eeew but the floor needed some attention.  I also liked that they weren't pushy.  Some places make me feel rushed or try to force me in to getting services I don't want.I spent 20 on the pedicure and 25 for my nails.Will definitely go again.
1	They were very nice. Wish my experience was better. I arrived and they were really busy...i was prepared to wait. However....i was not ready for a crappy pedi. My sisters pedi made no sense...polish before getting cuticles removed?  Never again needles to say. What a shame bc as an LA native...we definitely go to vegas a lot and would have loved to have an "off the strip" nail spot. this is why i usually opt to pay too much at the hotel spas....at least i know im getting a good mani/pedi :/
5	Fast service, friendly staff and great prices. Gel manicure with bows on the ring fingers for only $24. Great to go to between classes and right across the street from the student union!
1	STAY AWAY!!!  I've only received a handful of mani/pedis in my life, but this was by far the worst.  The guy was more interested in the basketball game than in doing my nails.  He was watching TV while he was scrubbing my feet and scraped both of my legs with the scrubber (I actually have scrape marks on both legs); he was sloppy with the polish; and just generally rough and inattentive.  Then, I asked for a "man's" manicure and he cut my nails square and proceeded to practically burn through my nails with the Dremel.  What a nightmare!!!  NEVER AGAIN!
4	Great experience! Had a mani and pedi and they were so attentive of me. Whenever they did take a while to get back to me they apologized and continued their job. I will definitely be going back.
2	The gel wasn't thick enough and the lady didn't make the coating even, especially my tips. At my tips the gel is so thin that I can see through it. Also on the same day after a few hours my the gel on one of my fingers chipped. Sorry I am not coming back.
1	I've done my nails at multiple places but I hate to say that this place is the worse one I've gone to. The lady unevenly coated my nails. A few hours after I got them done, my nail chipped off because she filed that nail thin. 3 days later and I'm disappointed again because the gel chipped off another nail! I have never ever had these experiences from other nail salons. Im not one to wrote bad reviews, but I am just so disappointed
4	What a great place.  My daughter and I were visiting from Toronto, went for frozen yogurt one night and saw this place.  Next day we decided we needed a spot to get a new set of nails for her and a fill for myself.  I called ahead from our hotel and they said they would stay open for us which was incredibly kind.  Got there at 730 pm and we both received our services quickly and professionally.  They did a great job for both of us.  Will be back any time we are in Vegas!
1	Staff is nice especially the owner, but it ends there. Business is def business over there. OK - I have gone on and off to the salon for about 3 years and my last visit to say the least will be my LAST. I got a mani/pedi and although the pedi was fine. My manicure experience and the end result was NOT. I was told before my nails were ready that they were dry and they were not - so she ruined the nail and had to re do it again. Great another 15 min added!After that (another girl and) I was prompt shooed out of the chair again but this time to the UV light bench, so she could take on someone else (granted there were 2 available stations). I stayed for a bit and we talked about how much we hated going there because of this scenario. The nail mentioned above was STILL not dry from the gobs of polished it had endured and it got ruined on the drive back. Not even a week later Part of my nail has broken off (and there already short).  It hurts so bad and it is still ripping off... Probably from the UV light. If you like your nails and being appreciated - DON'T go there.
1	Terrible service no one would communicate. I sat there for an hour with my feet in the water waiting for a pedicure. No one came over to tell me if it would be 5 more minutes10 minutes 45 minutes I was really annoyed. They had one lady working on my sister's pedicure for half an hour before I gave up because no one was helping me. I just think if they would have communicated how long I would have had to wait it wouldn't have been as bad. Also super slow even after we explained we were in a hurry ( i had already been sitting there for an hour now) they did not move any faster to finish my sister's feet and were unapologetic no one tried to make sure that we left satisfied at all its pretty much like they didn't care.I definitely do not recommend it unless you have 3 to 4 hours to spare for a manicure and or pedicure. And just for reference it was not busy.
4	I'm what is commonly called a "senior citizen" and a guy and have never in my life had a pedicure until about 6 months ago. My back is really bad and I have a hard time bending over to trim my toenails and I have the most gnarly nails ever.I was at the post office across from UNLV one day and saw this place in the same strip mall, so I took a deep breath and went in. Keep in mind, I have nothing to compare it to.I didn't know what to expect at all but was nicely surprised at how pedicures are done, with the foot bath, etc. I like the time they took and the foot massage was really nice.I went back today for the fourth time in about 6 months and it was a nice experience again. Granted, the ladies who do the work (different one each time) speak very little English but they seem to know what they are doing. I will agree with another review that the floor is a little grungy--needs a good machine scrub but that's a minor point. I've never had to wait and am usually out within 30 minutes or less.
4	UPDATED today 12/1/14,  I went back today and had another quick experience. The lady today was even more thorough than the others and I will go back again. A nice change, however, is that the place has a brand new floor, and paint in places. That seemed to be a complaint from some other reviews.
