4	Great grocery store for halal meat and what not. The restaurant is better for take out food as there is very limited room to eat there.
5	I can not explain how much I love this place!  The food is authentic, high quality, and very reasonably priced.  We always get Afandi's when we have a party - we even had them cater our wedding party and everything came out beautifully.I also make a point to buy my chicken from their butcher counter, as I trust that it is fresh and from a good source (unlike regular grocery stores).
1	The employees here are very rude.
4	Excellent fresh middle eastern food. Only 3 tables here, so come to get take out or be prepared to eat outside or in your car if you don't want to wait. When we got there today all three tables were empty. The babaganush was fresh and smokey, the hummus was tasty creamy and good. I had a falafel and it was made with care and pickled vegetables in a thin wrap. The falafel balls were tasty and well fried. My husband had a platter of chicken kabob chicken kafta and falafel which came with hummus...all fresh and delish! Highly reccommended for your middle eastern fresh food fix!
5	Fabulous fare. Fair prices! Plenty of healthy options. We absolutely love Afandi!  My faves:  Fattoush salad. Grape Leaves. Hummus. Baba. Tabouli. Shish Tawook.  Indepependent, family-owned business with reasonable prices and outstanding service.  My husband also loves the sandwiches and kibbe. Very, very casual (just a couple of tables inside and out designed for a quick bite).  Counter service. Most of the time I do carry out but today we dined inside at a table with a friend. They also have a meat counter and small market with very reasonable prices on quality items.  Great service, too.  I frequently order items (grape leaves are always a hit, as are their salads) from Afandi and bring them when I go to a pot luck event rather than cooking myself! They do catering and their food is always a hit. (I frequently buy meat from their butcher counter as well.)
3	I have an Iraqi and an Eritrian friend and co-worker who order from here on almost a daily basis.The extent of my sampling it limited and I will update when I have tried more things.the hummus was pretty good..definately had better but the texture and flavor were spot on. The falafel I got the past few times was in a wrap and was actually really good, but it did need to loose alot of the grease that it brought. Shouldn't have have fingers like you have been eating at Popeye's or Harold's chicken when eating falafel  IMO. I also tried what appeared to be  Loukoumades but I cant be sure. These being fried actually were less greasy than the aforementioned wraps and were very good.All in all not a bad spot but prob not somewhere I will frequent on my own time.
4	Who needs a fancy Middle Eastern restaurant when you have this place! The space for dining is as small as it gets, there isn't waitress service, and there are no fancy folded napkins or hookahs, but it is hands down one of the best places I've eaten in Vegas so far for the buck. The food is fresh, portions are very generous, and just plain delicious! If someone in the group doesn't enjoy foreign foods, they do offer very cheap, American burgers for the boring people hehe ;). Dishes come out rather quickly and they are willing to alter spice levels to your liking. My favorites were the chicken and garlic side dish (forgot the name ?)Can't wait to go back!
5	This place is amazing. I'm from Los Angeles and whenever I come to Vegas to visit my family, I can't leave without eating Afandi. Being a huge fan of Middle Eastern food i'm always exploring different places and hands down this is one of the best places i've ever tried. The garlic spread is delicious and their lamb/chicken kabobs are cooked to perfection. The prices are good and the portions are generous.
3	We order from here quite a few times a month... pretty convenient for picking up pretty good food... we enjoy their schwarma and kafta hallabi... can be a little slow if you are deciding to eat there & not very comfortable surroundings.  All in all, food is good...your constant companion,~deirdra
5	Full disclosure: I'm white and have never been to the Middle East.I had the best Shawerma of my life 5 years ago at Mediterranean Oasis in Naperville, Il, and ever since then I have been searching for something so good in Las Vegas.The beef shawerma here was absolutely fantastic. Tons of beef, great tahini, and fresh vegetables all served wrapped up and super hot.  It was under $6 after tax, and right now I never want to live a day in my life without having another one. I concede that I will probably get tired of it eventually, but right now, there is nothing else for me.The market attached offers other goodies at low prices, and it adds to the ambiance. The place is definitely not a full sit-down restaurant, which is part of the charm. I only interacted with one or two employees, but everyone was kind and welcoming to an obvious outsider.For me, there was one word to describe it: Wow!
1	So I go in to order dinner for carry-out (you cant eat in the "restaurant" because it seats a total of 3 people) and I start telling the cashier what I want.  A guy comes out from the back and says they are closing in an hour (actually it was 4:45 and the sign said they closed at 6:00) and he is not going to start cooking anything.  I said "Please.  You don't close for more than an hour".  He says "No.  Its too late" and then turns away and starts talking and laughing with someone.   Maybe they don't need the business.  Today Afandi lost a customer.
5	This place is my favorite kind of restaurant, a small place that few people know about, dishing out amazing food quick and relatively inexpensive.Super friendly Iraqi lady working at the counter is gracious pointing out the things they do well.Best lebanese/middle eastern food I have had in Vegas.Shawarma and falafel are excellent, great portions. Might want to order to go, on account of their small dining area.I love this about Vegas, that there are these little diamonds on the rough you will find if are willing to step out of your comfort zone.
3	Small grocery store and dining area.  Both very limited.  I think the place is Iraqi.  The food is good, but not amazing.  Prices seem a bit high.  I like having this place as an option, but it won't be my first pick.
3	I could not resist and went back to this place again.  The food is so good.  I just wish the people were nicer.
3	Came in to grab a late take out lunch- saw the chicken shwarma praised in other reviews and ordered the sandwich. Half of the shop is a grocery and half is a restaurant. After placing my order, I I wandered around the grocery portion while waiting for my order.Earned an extra star for having my favorite cheese here! It's a sheep milk feta, and it's in the back refrigerator in a square metal can with a pull-tab lid. Brand stars with a V, I never remember what it's called but you'll recognize it or you can ask for it. It's $14 and overpriced (you can find it for $10 in SF) but damn good.Back to my takeout order.Walked out with my food under five minutes after placing my order, it aws hot and fresh and had just been made.Sandwich was heavy and large, wrapped in several pieces of foil, probably about 9-10" long.Got home and devoured it- chicken was hot and fresh but a tad underseasoned, veggies and pita were fresh, but the garlic sauce was a little light for my liking. Per the menu, the garlic sauce is garlic and olive oil which is a little boring. Overall, I found the ingredients to be of good quality but the sandwich seemed to be a bit on the bland side.
4	Good foodGreat for general halal meats and cooking ingredients.
4	Afandi is the place to get kibbe and baba ganoush. The baba is the best in the city, with a mild smokey flavor and just the right amount of Tahini. The kibbe balls are done well with traditional meat and onions on the inside and, again, with the right amount of spice. The regular cucumber, tomato, lettuce salad is an authentic Lebanese salad and tastes almost identical to my grandmother's, with lots of lemon juice, garlic and mint. It still tastes great the next day.New to me is the Afandi meat, which is like a spicy meatloaf kabob.  Not quite sure what spices are used, but it's delicious, especially when topped with the onions and parsley provided with the order. I have not been cooking at home lately, but was pleasantly surprised the adjacent Afandi market has a meat counter, where I could presumably request a special grind of meat for dolmas, if I ever make the time to cook those again. Just a heads up, when ordering take out, it takes a while even if you order in advance and show up 15-20 minutes later. Not sure why.
5	I love this place! Great little market and fast food restaurant. Love their falafel and fattoush salad. They also sell amazing lamb hot pockets. Love markets like this!
5	This place has everything you need for a Middle Eastern meal. They also have a small restaurant if you don't feel like cooking tonight you could always do takeout. The selection is great and the people are very knowledgeable about Middle Eastern products and if you don't see something u need they will order it for you.
5	I'm always looking for a variation in my diet. A friend suggested this place. It is a Mediterranean store and restaurant. The staff is friendly and helpful with their menu. I really enjoy their kabobs, rice and hummus.
5	This review is solely based on their market section. This place has a legitimate halal butcher shop section. This is hard to come by in this city. The meats are tasty if you want better ground beef let them grind you a piece of meat. They are friendly and work hard.I am so happy I found them. I wish they had better selection of rice and the produce section was better marked. Overall pretty good
5	Love the food & the market. Great place to meet up for lunch with friends
