4	We were on the lookout for North Carolina food--biscuits sounded great. Did a search on Yelp! and found no Biscuitville nearby. But then I called Biscuitville directly to see if they had a location that was closer than the 30 miles shown. YES! A new one 5 miles away, and so here we are.Great biscuits--perfect and fluffy yet a little crunchy on the outside. I had a biscuit meal #3 I think:- sausage patty in a biscuit- grits with a 1/2" layer of melted butter (I poured it off)- coffee that I sub'd for OJ My friend had a biscuit breakfast sandwich that she enjoyed as well. Delish!
4	I first stumbled across Biscuitville many years ago in Greensboro.  Being a lover of biscuits, a restaurant specializing in them was right up my alley.This location just opened within the last 12 months if I recall and it was busy when I stopped in on a Saturday morning.  The restaurant only serves breakfast and features (as the name implies) all sorts of proteins on a biscuit.  A sign on the window advertised a bologna, egg, and cheese biscuit.  I'm not a big fan of bologna, but I know it's somewhat popular in the south so I ordered it in a meal with wedge fries and a drink.  There was a bit of a line and only one single register, so it took a few minutes before I was able to order.After ordering I took my seat to wait for my number.  I waited maybe five minutes for my order.  This gave me the hope that my bologna was freshly fried.  It was.  The taste of the bologna left a little something to be desired, but a good biscuit, like love, covers a multitude of sins.  And so it was with my sandwich.  I absolutely love their bacon, egg, and cheese, which I've had in some of their other locations.  The fries were a little on the salty side, so I'll stick to the hashbrowns in the future.The service was friendly and the restaurant was clean with the condiments and fountain beverage are being serviced on a regular basis.  It's definitely worth a stop of you have an affinity for biscuits and breakfast.  Go early though, they close at 2:00pm.
1	Do you like your biscuit as flat as a pancake?This place is for you. We've tried it several times. You would think once was enough.They have a woman in a fish-tank at the front counter and it looks like she's pretending to make biscuits because the biscuits are the quality of the frozen variety. They look like they weren't give time to rise. The gravy is flavorless, the bacon is overcooked, the chicken patties are definitely frozen and look like something you would buy in a Circle K with the day-old hotdogs and microwave burritos. I will say the smoked sausage is good, but sans the biscuit. There's a giant mustard bottle on the counter with the rest of the condiments. When you squeeze it, out comes syrup. Go figure. Coffee and sweet-tea are okay.The Cinnamon thingies tasted like they were freezer burnt. The icing for dipping had no flavor whatsoever. I bet if the neighboring Cookout restaurant was open for breakfast, they could actually make a better meal.Your pal,Walter
2	I stopped by for the first time on Wednesday morning at about 9:30 . I ordered their special, two sausage biscuits and a cup of coffee. I also ordered two country ham biscuits to go, (for my wife at home). The coffe was good and that's about it.The sausage was paper thin and could have been used as shoe leather. The biscuits were heavy and very chewy.My wife did say that the country ham tasted OK alone. Her biscuits were the same as mine.To add, I asked the cashier/biscuit maker if the biscuits were fresh and she said that she made them from scratch herself. VERY DISAPPOINTED !
5	Good food, fast service and friendly folks
4	Here's how much I like Biscuitville.  Worked here for a summer...hated the job...but still love the biscuits.  I moved to the Midwest and had trouble explaining to people that it's a restaurant almost entirely of biscuits.  Puts McDonald's breakfast to shame.
5	This place puts any fast food biscuit to shame. If you want a real buttermilk biscuit this is the place to come. Bo's biscuits are so greasy that the wrapper and bag are soaked. These are fresh biscuits and not frozen like Walter implied.  Also the "big mustard bottle" is not filled with syrup, Its filled with butter! The bologna egg and cheese is incredible!!
3	Gimme some breakfast sandwiches on biscuits please! This is a breakfast place serving mainly - you guessed it, biscuits.The biscuits here are pretty good. I wish they were a bit more moist, but it wasn't super super dry.I got a breakfast sandwich with sausage and egg on a biscuit. I had wanted cheese also, but for some reason, they didn't put it on it. Oh well, I guess. The sandwich was good, and the hash brown it came with was golden and crispy.Service is fast and friendly.Oh, and they have a window where you can see a lady making some fresh biscuits. Pretty cool for little kids (or adults) who want to see their biscuits in action.
5	So every review that I read about is about the biscuits because of course that's all they have right? Wrong!!! They have some amazing melt in your mouth pancakes that I would compare to Ihop. You know that these pancakes are fresh because you always have to wait for the cook to make them. I would recommend this restaurant on their pancakes alone.
2	Due to the continuous raving my one crazy friend does about this place, we packed up the kids and drove 15 minutes to check it out. I had been really craving some pimento cheese biscuit! But no. It wasn't good. The kind of pimento cheese you can buy near the hotdogs at the grocery store. No. The bacon was chewy. I personally hate that. The gravy had zero flavor. My husband said the sausage was just okay.  The biscuits aren't terrible, but definitely not worth a drive. Worst slices of cheese I have ever tasted. Worse than government cheese. For the price I won't be back. $3 for a bad biscuit...no. I'll stick to my nearby Bojangles and McDonalds. Both are WAY better.
