4	Freshly opened in Constitution Street, Leith, Print Works is a cafe offering top-notch coffee, tea and food. Savouries include sandwiches and soups - but these are no ordinary sandwiches. Made using bread from Edinburgh artisan bakers Dough Re Mi, the pastrami sandwich I had was amazing. The bread was far more than a carrier for the filling - the bread was an essential part of the sandwich. Just as it should be - too often, the quality of the bread is overlooked. That's not the case here. The glass cabinet in the cafe was groaning with cakes, pastries and other deliciousnesses. I had the chilli chocolate cheesecake from Edinburgh bakers Breadwinners, and it was perfect - sticky, chocolatey, with the right amount of chilli kick.Print Works stock Monmouth coffee, which I'd never tried before. I had an amazing flat white (two, in fact) - very deeply flavourful. Gorgeous coffee, and perfectly made both times. Print Works are supporting Edinburgh foodie businesses by choosing local suppliers for bread, cakes, soups and teas, and boy, have they made excellent choices. The cafe space is calm and relaxing (with free wifi!) and overall makes for a fabulous place for a delicious, healthy lunch. Loved it, and all the very best to this lovely new place!
4	A relatively new addition to the throng of delis and coffee shops jostling for business around the Leith shore, Print Works fits in very nicely and has already won some loyal customers.It's definitely at the pricier end of the market, competing primarily with Rocksalt a couple of doors down. For me though Print Works has the edge on quality, with superbly made Monmouth Coffee, interesting (and filling) soups from Union of Genius and knock-out bread from artisan baker Dough Re Mi.  There are a number of rolls and melts to buy off the shelf, or a varied menu of suggested fillings.Then, of course, there are the cakes. Oh my goodness, the cakes. Even if I could afford to buy my lunch from Print Works every day, I couldn't then also afford the gym fees needed to offset the pastries, tarts, slices and other wonders lurking behind the chiller glass.For takeaway, the service is fast and friendly. But eating at one of the handful of tables is even better, if you have time; the owner's taste in music is great and it's a really bright, nicely decorated space.Overall, it's a very welcome addition. On the days when I don't mind paying a tiny bit more for a much better quality lunch, I head straight for Print Works.
4	Popped in their for the first time today with the aim of firing out some Dissertation work. Looked warm and inviting, massive contrast to the dismal Edinburgh winter day i was escaping from. Cakes looked fab in, but i resisted the temptation and just got an Americano!Monmouth espresso based yummyness. with a splash of milk it was elevated to amazingly tasty. Comfy seats, sturdy tables with plenty of space for spreading all your stuff around, this is a great cafe to go to if you want to get some serious work done. There is free Wifi (which i couldnt get to work.. but i think that was just me being technically challenged). But i'll probably be returning nearer the dissertation due date for some caffiene based motivation!
5	This is the best cafe in Leith for the three best reasons for somewhere to be the best: (1) great coffee; (2) great food and (3) great service.  Above all though is the coffee - the flat white is perfect and a step up from anything else near.  Great place.
4	Printworks is within walking distance from home for me... and as a home-worker, I am constantly looking for places to get me out the house!  This is a cool walk through Leith Links, to be greeted with chilled out tunes & heart-warming food & coffee.  My 1st experience of Monmouth coffee was here, and whilst in London I checked out their operation - VERY cool..... and I am now hooked on the stuff.  This is Quality coffee with a capital Q!  The owner is a seasoned cafe owner, and his relaxed approach is a breath of fresh air!  They also have wifi which has saved me a few times when my own broadband has failed me, and they are cool about you taking the laptop to sit & do some work (needless to say, it's my excuse to have a constant flow of coffee....!)If you haven't been - check it out.... lovely addition to the Leith scene.  As a Leither import, I'm not biased... not at all.... ;-)
5	A lovely, cosy place I've just discovered. I've been aware of its existence for some time, passed it a few times before, usually a bit in a hurry, but yesterday I had some time to stop by and I have to admit I was absolutely enchanted.The place is just about right--a couple of family-sized wooden tables, some seats at the large, bright windows, some comfy soft chairs to read a morning paper in and a couple of wooden highchairs so you can drop by with your baby, too. There's not too much space, not too little, all in bright, but not overly bright, tones, slightly Scandinavian and minimalistic. I felt warm and welcome in here. Genuinely friendly service, delicious cakes and absolutely wonderful coffee--I may not be a gourmet, but I know when good coffee is prepared with a touch of a friendly warmth, and that's exactly what I got (also, I'm not a huge fan of hot chocolate, but my wife is and she liked hers a lot).We've not tried their soups or sandwiches yet, as it was a rather late afternoon and we weren't in the mood for eating, but what makes me quite a curious fan of the place and rather certain to return is that all the food they serve is all sourced from small local companies who still value the quality of what they produce over the corporate mindset and profits, which is all very important to me personally and makes a great difference: the teas are from Pekoe Tea of Edinburgh, pasties and breads from Dough Re Mi bakery in Polwarth, delicious cakes (we've had some absolutely top-class, mouth-watering, but not too sweet, Chocolate Chilli Cheesecake and Carrot cake) from Love Pure Cakes and home-made soups from Union of Genius.A truly great, though unpretentious, local place for those who appreciate a bit slower pace and a moment of repose in a cosy hideaway from all-too-crazy everyday life. Thanks PrintWorks Coffee.
4	How I love Printworks. I wish I could take this cafe with me everywhere I go. The setting is pleasant and bright, the coffee is great and there's a nice eclectic selection of sandwiches. Soup is hearty, various and wonderful. The staff are always pleasant to deal with and fairly efficient. When I first discovered Printworks I was a little stressed out by the shared nature of some of the seating, but the regulars seem considerate and generally able to make it work. Depending on my mood, I usually opt for the humous or vegetarian wrap or the spicy meatball melt. There's a focus on local suppliers too, which is always good. Printworks don't do anything too wild or crazily out of the ordinary. But there's still a nice variety on the menu and the quality is consistent.
4	This is my Leith "Go To..." for coffee/lunch ... it's within walking distance from my place, so as a home-worker I am always in need of a change of scenery & caffeine injection!  The owner has a great deal of experience in the industry, and is a major fan of Monmouth coffee (If you are in London, check out their Borough market coffee shop - it's fab, and the queues show how it's a local institution!) ... I digress... Love the staff, love the coffee, love the chilled out tunes, love watching the "colourful" world of Leith walk by the window seats, love the Union of Genius soups & Lorna's Pure cakes ... If you haven't visited, get down there... chances are I'll be there sitting at the window, so come say HI!
4	Had lunch here today as I'm working across the road this week.Had a piri piri chicken panini & a lavender rooibos tea (from Pekoe Tea in Edinburgh).. which I'm still drinking as I got a top up in my tea pot and got the tea to take away. - They were very obliging on that front.Panini was super tasty, full of flavour, hint of spice but not so much as to make you sweat through you shirt and make for an embarrassing walk back to work. Pretty generous portion and full of filling with a sprinkling of salad leaves on the side and a dash of balsamic vinegar.Service was marginally on the slow side with it being lunch and they weren't OVERLY busy. Like that they make all their own wraps and paninis.Soups are from Union of Genius and I also spied brownies from Lovecrumbs, so they are out there supporting other local businesses.. what's not to like?!Internet was a bit intermittent but I was preoccupied with my panini most of the time.Can see me getting lunch here again this week!
3	I have only visited this place one, and my opinion could change, but for now I would just say the most exciting thing about this coffee shop is the location. I am totally in love with this part of town and think they have a lovely spot for a quiet coffee. The food menu did look interesting and very reasonably priced, but I just decided to try a regular old flat white. I went on a Sunday afternoon and the cafe had a few full tables, but were fairly quiet. I sat in the window with the paper and received my coffee a few minutes after I ordered. The coffee was fine, not bad, but not amazing. Hard to explain, but it is a good coffee, just not as good as I had hoped. I am keen to try it again though in hopes that maybe this was just a one time thing.
