4	Incredibly helpful staff at this Bummis location. While we were there one of the employees was sitting on the couch with a pregnant woman giving her such incredible, reassuring, detailed advice I wanted to sit down and take notes (for the DISTANT future =). Another employee helped us find a great, and very inexpensive gift for a friend of a friend's baby shower, and the vibe was so nice and cozy and calm we could have stayed all day. Beautiful organic baby products of all kinds, a must for new mums and dads.
5	How cute IS this store! I walked in and was immediately greeted by the friendliest smile. While there are still some years before I will actually come in to this shop to buy something for my unborn child, I really enjoyed browsing through the displays.
5	This shop is the flagship for the Bummis brand, which has a great line of cloth diapering (and general babygoods) supplies - covers, wet bags, all sorts of things you might like. But this shop is better than just a cloth diaper store (although it's great at that). It's a fantastic full-service baby boutique, catering to the crunchy side of the mama (or should I say maman?) spectrum, but very all-encompassing and welcoming. They probably won't even look at you funny if you mention formula feeding or your scheduled c-section. Probably.They have a fantastic selection of baby carriers/wraps and offer instructions on using them, which is an awesome resource to have available, considering how babywearing-friendly Montreal seems to be. Great to have information on hand in a friendly setting. They also have toys and teethers and all sorts of other natural and baby-friendly things.What sent me into Bummis, though, was a case of seriously stinky diapers. I cloth diaper my kid, but soon after moving to Montreal, a formerly unnoticeable diaper pail suddenly had a nasty ammonia reek. Maybe it was the water, maybe it was the kid, maybe the detergent, maybe the different washing machine, maybe the diapers. All I knew was it had to go, and I couldn't change the kid or the water, didn't want to buy all new diapers or a new washing machine, but could stand buying fancy detergent if it would fix my problem. So I looked up online, learned about Rockin' Green, and saw that Bummis stocked it. I went in and spoke with one woman, who quickly turned me over to someone else with more funky diaper expertise. This second woman was amazing. She helped me troubleshoot my problem, suggested that no, I likely didn't need to buy a $30 bottle of detergent, but should try the $3 sample first. Maybe I just needed to use more detergent. She even gave me a free water test strip, to see if my water was hard as I suspected (it was). I felt bad, because I would have happily given them the larger sale, but I'm so glad that their sage advice fixed my stinky diaper problem, for cheap! So, thank you, Bummis!
