1	I have been using this store for some time now and noticed the manager was always in a bad mood. As each time passed it just seemed odd the mood was always the same. Well this last time I spoke with Ted (manager) he tried to upsell items I didn't need. In asking questions as to why I would need them it aggravated him to explain. So much so that he got argumentative, my assumption is I didn't say "yes" to all the unnecessary items. I come to find out there is another store on 32nd st and Camelback, not far, that is great. Customers come first and when it becomes a problem just to do simple tasks I'd rather go elsewhere. Save yourself time and aggravation and use another store, not worth it.
1	I had color copies made here. The staff did not know the prices and then they charged me $1.50 for me to use their computer to access the file from my flash drive. The computer was so out of date it could not even read a Word 2007 file. When I looked at the copies the next morning they were misaligned and the print quality looked like a poor inkjet rather than a laser print.I called them and they said they would have to talk to the manager. When I went back after the weekend, he was not there and the clerk would not give me a refund.Poor equipmentPoor attitudePoor customer service.There are other UPS stores relatively close. I suggest you use those. I will stick to my local one in Ahwatukee.
1	I've been a regular customer for about one year now. I've come to learn that the owner is the main issue. When he's at the store (not always) he seems to be put off by providing assistance to any customers. He doesn't seem to know how to use all of the store's equipment. And he's particularly rude on the phone. It's too bad, since I actually like most of his staff. Don't waste your time at this store.
2	All UPS stores aren't created equally (they may have the same look 'n' feel, but they're individually owned). I've stopped in here a couple of times -- on one occasion the employee didn't seem to know how to work the copy machine, and on another occasion I discovered that this location doesn't do passport photos. On all occasions, this particular store has had an unkempt, cluttered appearance which seems unprofessional. The last time I was in here (which will be the last) I noticed the mailbox fees on the wall. Why someone would rent a mailbox at a UPS store instead of the much less expensive post office-option is beyond me. I also never got the impression of "I'm happy to see you, customer! How can I help you??"My advice is to avoid this store. If you need UPS services, visit the UPS store on the SEC of Camelback & 32nd St.
1	Was not greeted or assisted when I came in. The place is disorderly and dirty looking. Finally when I figured things out on my own I waited for the ladies to finish their conversation about whatever trivial weekend blunder they were talking about. Kimberly was the raised eyebrow, gum chewing teller indifferent to the clients needs. She input the information from my sheet, and tried to tell me that if the recipient is not there upon first delivery, UPS sends it back to the sender and that I should get additional services added.  I'm no shipping pro but obviously they take it back to the nearest UPS store and leave a note at the door.  I then said that I was ok without extra services and said "I don't care how it gets there as long as it actually gets there" in a friendly way. She then half rolled her eyes and smirked and said "I don't care either" in a smart a** way.  Her smart attitude was a turn off considering I'm usually patient with lazy service people. All In all I do not recommend this store I don't feel trustful or secure in sending my important document with them, I'm afraid it could get lost now- I checked the status I my shipment using the tracking number and it says its not available.  Don't recommend, find another location to ship from. :)
1	UPS needs to do review on this store and shut them down.  They are ruining the UPS brand.  The clerks who work here are very rude.  I walked in there needing to ship something specifically "overnight" and was given options that were not overnight/next day.  I was at the store at 1pm which is relatively early and before the cut off for next day.  I was assured that the shipping service I purchased was going to be next day.  Then throughout the night I was checking the tracking number and the product had not left.  The next morning I call the store and they say that they still have the product.  I was sending a passport that needed to be at my destination by 2 days after the first day I initially tried to send it (I chose next day "overnight" to get it there one day before luckily).  After talking to the store over the phone and asking them why the package was not delivered, they told me I did not choose an "overnight" service.  The one thing that I specifically told them was that "this needs to be sent overnight so that it will arrive tomorrow".Then they tried to charge me more money saying that I did not purchase an overnight product.  Which first of all, I asked specifically only for their overnight options, why would you give me an option that is not overnight. Second, even if your incompetent clerks selected a service that is not overnight, why would it still be there.  I am assuming if it's not overnight, it should still be on it's way for 2nd day and my 1 day cushion would save me.  So I ask the clerk to tell the owner to give me a call.  The owner did not give me a call back and told the clerk, "I will not settle the difference for this, he will pay it or I will throw it away."  So the asshole wants to throw away the passport that I need to send because his staff sold me the incorrect service.  I specifically stated to his clerks that the package "needed to be there by tomorrow" and said "overnight" several times.  I paid a hefty premium as well for this service given that the product weights much less than 1 pound and I was there relatively early in the day.  These guys are incompetent, distrustful and unreliable.  If you need to ship something important, consider using another UPS store or Fedex.
1	Very poor customer service. Have been there 3 times in last few months and the same woman who I think is manager. she said some guy named John is owner. She is always rude never says hi, never has smile on, and just looks at you when you come in with blank stare. I came in to return package that needed very small amount of tape and I asked her if I could use some tape and she said it would cost me extra $1.10 for small amount of tape for top of box. She said strict orders from owner. Wow so you would rather lose a customer instead of giving them small amount if tape to help them out. I now go out of my way to go to another ups store.
1	This is my second visit to this store. Kimberly (the woman behind the counter) is the rudest person I have ever met in retail, who does not deserve to be behind the counter of any retail counter. She is cold, un-inviting, and overall appears to hate her job by the scour look on her face.  She is useless when it comes to helping customers and overall she has a "can't do" attitude.  I lodged a complaint on the corporate website and this store is privately franchised and owned.  I spoke with John the owner and apparently he must have trained Kimberly because his attitude is just as bad if not worse. He didn't show any concern for my complaint nor did he show any empathy for my experience.  He hung up on me twice in conversation. Kimberly followed me out to the parking lot and show aggressive signs of intimidation with my friend and I and in my opinion that was inappropriate and unprofessional. A sales person NEVER follows a customer outside. Avoid this store at all cost. The post office is around the corner and is much cheaper. I am fling a complaint with the Better Business Bureau.  Good luck John and Kimberly!!!
1	Unbelievably bad experience.  Not only is the woman behind the counter the rudest person I have ever met in my life she refused to answer a simple question. Anyone should be able to tell you what the estimated time frame for ground shipping us. Is it 12 days or 21 she had to be given an explanation of what I was asking.  I will be using FedEx to ship anything just yo not have to deal with her again.
1	This place is the WORST. The older brunette woman behind the counter is not only incredibly rude but she an amazingly small amount of knowledge for all things shipping! I could grab any homeless person off their medication and place them behind the counter and their endless ramblings about the C.I.A. putting a chip in thier brain would make more sence then this older woman. This is the problem with the ups store no two are alike. This ups store is like a private sector version of the DMV! Steer clear!
1	I see nothing has changed with this store. I just watched a ups store commercial and I laughed out loud!!  Kimberly (the brunette bitch behind the counter) is still the most evil woman walking on the planet.  I have more respect for the hookers on Van Buren Street than I do for this low class, snotty, unhelpful useless piece of trash!!  Stay away from this store at all cost!!!!
4	Kimberly, the main issue of many complaints, is no longer employed at this location (or any other store).  The service is much improved.
5	Great customer service just left there 2 minutes ago and had write the review due to efficacy and politeness of my attendant.  Great job!!
2	I had to ship a pair of shoes with a prepaid label. I came with just the shoes thinking I could just by the box and tape it up. (I brought my own packing tape) I explained that I needed a box and went to grab one and the lady behind the counter stated I could not pack my own box. She had to pack it and it would cost $16 or so. I left immediately and went to the Fedex store across the street at towne and country. I went in and bought a box for $2. They offered my tape FOR FREE and apologized for UPS and said the person working there was probably scamming people. Sounded like it to me too originally. So I packed my box and wanted to ship through Fedex, unfortunately, postage was already paid for through UPS. So I took the box back and told the lady I bought a box and packed it myself over at Fedex for $2. To which she replied "Good for you!". I will not go back to this location.
1	Stopped in to drop off an Amazon return.  I had a prepaid label and box, but the box was opened.  At another UPS Store,  they always tape it up for me at no cost.   Not here.  They charge a $1 handling and taping fee for all prepaid packages.  I thought the guy was joking until he asked me if I had read the sign.  He pointed to a partially blocked sign, attached to a register around the counter from where I was.  If I wasn't so limited on time, I would have taken my package elsewhere.  I definitely will not return to this location.
