1	By far the WORST hotel I have ever stayed at. This location is a disgrace to the Marriott chain. The hotel itself is very old and dirty. The elevator doesnt look like it has ever been cleaned or vacuumed. The sheets on our bed were dirty when asked for a new set they gave us two flat sheets. Of course the sheets werent changed the following day.  Then my husband and I both forgot our phone chargers (iphone & blackberry) and of course they are no where to be found. So not only is this place a dump but things disappear! The customer service was terrible when I called about the chargers. I know typically Marriott properties are a safe bet but stay away from this one! It is terrible!
5	Very friendly & helpful with dining suggestions. It's in a good location with a lot of anything you need or want close by. Very clean and comfortable beds. VERY affordable. I would recommend to anyone
5	This place is awesome the service is great the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable I've been here 4 times and every time we do its still awesome.
4	The front desk staff has been very friendly and helpful, the service here is great. The hotel has a recently remodeled feel, the rooms still smell like new carpet. They are going for a very modern feel, which I thought was cool but my mom described as "funky".They have complimentary breakfast and free wifi in the rooms (BONUS!) and ample parking. There was a significant amount of dust sitting on the picture frames, but most people wouldn't check there, I only did so cause I work in a hotel industry lol But I would definitely recommend this place, Also has a pool and hot tub! I would recommend getting some type of grip in the shower, since it was slippery enough for me to fall... I think it's hazardous. Overall... Great stay!
5	Great staff, newly remodeled so the rooms are great.Close enough to the 17 to be convenient, and still no freeway noise.
4	We took a road trip and stayed at a few hotels along the way, this was probably my favorite. We almost stayed downtown, but there was some convention, and we got lucky this hotel had one room left, and honored our travel coupon. Glad we ended up here, it was very nice. The front desk staff was super sweet,  the room was clean, far enough from the freeway to not hear noise, and the bed was comfy. My favorite part was the breakfast the next morning. They offer a good free breakfast, seemed homemade, everything looked clean, and there was a waffle maker. It didn't see like there was a lot to do around the area, it's next to a waffle house, and it's kind of far from downtown phoenix, but it's worth it to stay here. pick up a travel book at  a nearby dennys or travel center and get a coupon for it. It made it 59$ instead of the normal rate of 89$.
4	For less than a $100, a night, you're getting a fwy close location with free wifi, and free breakfast.  The staff is always very friendly and helpful. The rooms are basic, but come with mini fridge, microwave, and coffee maker.  This is a really good value if you have kids because of the free breakfast. Although you're not close to downtown, everything is within 20 mins away in all directions.  This is our second stay here, and we choose this Marriott property for points and location as we visit annually for a sports event. The free breakfast buffet. has oatmeal, fruit, waffles, sausages, eggs, etc.  Not gourmet, but  since we sometimes have 8:00 games, the breakfast is so convenient as we don't have to go out searching for food.  There are two mall type areas nearby with a movie theater and tons of places to eat all over the area.
1	We found bedbugs. We went to the front desk and they removed the bug and offered to changed the linens. Our party was traveling with a large group and we had to double up. The area surrounding the "inn" offered streetwalkers, drug deals and a homeless camp all within 50 feet. DO NOT GO THERE!! Sometimes you cannot trust the brand name.
3	Clean, comfortable, free wi-fi and fairly inexpensive...that's all I ask for in a hotel. Staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Free breakfast in the morning; Nothing too crazy, but it will get you through the day. Gym is a little small, but never anyone in there. My only gripe, neighborhood seems a little run down. Several homeless walking around outside when I checked in. Overall, I would stay here again. If you want the basics in a hotel, you will find them here.
