5	Clean. The ladies manage this place well versus the location in Montreal. Avoid the Mtl location. Dirty is the word. Great instructors in NDG location.
5	Moksha Yoga embodies a lot of the basics in Yoga that seems lost in many different practices I have been to. First of all I love the idea of hot yoga, and I did practice before at Bikrams Yoga too but as I got older, and for someone like me who has various different physical illnesses, Moksha became very valuable to me.I tried it as a suggestion from a friend of mine, who is now trained in Hatha Yoga.  I asked her for some differences, and she said that it would be something I had to try, but she found it more spiritual. I wasn't entirely sure what she meant by that but now that I have been practicing there for over a year, I have a better understanding. The teachers there are great. I got an introductory package for $20 and I was able to experience as many classes as I wanted to. There were different types of Yoga instructed in there. Moksha, Flow, Yin Yoga are the ones I stick with. Due to restrictions in my body (joints, bones etc.) it is not possible for me to perform all the moves, at first I was a bit shy to ask, but then I decided I wanted the most of my practice. The teachers there have always been very supportive of me, and showed me varieties of postures modified so I can get the same benefits. They took the time to talk to me, and spent time with me after class to work with me a bit to make sure I can do these postures. Moksha is the first type of yoga that I can feel a great deal of cardio and strength, as well as setting my mind at ease. I found that I was able to really let go of my day and work through the poses and find an inner peace. I think this is what my friend means by spiritual. As for the basics in Yoga, what I mean is that they give back to the community, they try to help make yoga available for everyone, and I didn't feel like I was just another dollar figure to them. They have Karma classes which makes the class only $5 to participate and they have a unique program available to trade working in the facilities for yoga classes. The ambience is perfect, with free tea available after, great showering facilities, and most important cleanliness (no carpeted floors here)
5	Hmmm.... Very surprised to read TJ's review.I would have to say my opinion differs drastically.The studio is always spotless, the staff at the desk welcomes everyone who arrives warmly .... Usually by first name.I have had the pleasure of having quite a few of the teachers, and they are all slightly different adding their own particular vibe to the session, and the sequence is always a little different even if it is the same instructor, there is no pre-set dialogue......verbatim from class to class.....I find the instructors often make slight corrections and suggestions to help us improve our practice.  Many of the asanas are offered with variations which suit either beginners of those more experienced.The instructors are all very approachable for questions, or if you need modified poses due to injury or restrictions.There are so many classes to choose from - something for everybody...beginners, to Power Yogis, to Restorative to the ever popular mixed class Yin/Yang which has both the traditional Moksha series mixed with deep stretching.... 90 - 75 - 60 minute classes .... Music classes.....If the rooms seem crowded, it is because they are so popular.....The free hot tea - for before or after class....They offer several karma and Community classes (taught by newer instructors).Very community oriented (fundraisers for charities), very eco conscious......I dunno, what more they could do......
4	Awesome Friday night Power 90 class - I was sweating buckets!Well this was my first yoga class in class in about 4 years, and it was fantastic. I took to the Power 90 class, which included some music (old school hip hop for the most part). It was a excellent class, challenging but also good for beginners who just want to try out Moksha for the first time. This was actually my first time that I tried hot yoga, and it was intense. So much movement, so much sweat, but I felt sssssssoooooo good after.The good part about this place is that they have showers for you to use after, I definitely needed as I just had a shower of sweat. They also have a nice place to clean-hang-and dry your yoga mat while you are showering and changing. Apart from that the people working there were really cool, and really nice.This Friday night Power 90 might just be a regular thing for me.Last night my friend gave a Passport to Prana, which gets you 30 sessions at 30 different yoga studios across Canada, or just in Montreal if you want. Although I didn't pay for mine, it's a good deal at only $30. Moksha Yoga NDG was our first stop on to trying many studios across Montreal, although I am not an expert at Yoga I will still review all of the studios and classes I attend.
4	I haven't been to Moksha in 3 years - not because I didn't enjoy hot yoga, but because geographically, it was just out of my way to get to. I finally went back this weekend and was reminded why I love hot yoga. Location: I love that the studio is located in Monkland village (subway: Villa Maria, max 10-minute walk from there). After class, you can just walk out and choose from a variety of small eateries or just go for tea/coffee/drinks. Studio: The NDG location has two heated rooms of decent size, with cork floors. In my experience, the rooms have always been clean, with staff mopping up after each class. Very important: the rooms don't stink! The change room is OK - the main area where you change is large enough, with benches that run the length of the room, hooks for your stuff and overhead storage (I think!). That said, if everyone's in there at the same time, it can get crowded. There are two very, very small bathrooms - one doesn't lock. The shower area is tiny, which is why I'm docking a star - there are 8 showers, with two that were out of order when I went. The flow in this area is kind of crappy - it's very tight and if you don't immediately leave the room once class is over, you'll have to wait to shower. Each stall is equipped with foam soap so you don't need to bring your own. If you like to wash your hair after class, be sure to bring your own shampoo. To the left of this same area, are two sinks with mirrors. A little further in a separate area, are mirrors and blow-dryers as well as an assortment of brushes and hair ties. Right next to this area are small lockers - you need to bring your own lock.  The lockers are meant to store your valuables - you can't store your bag and clothes unless these are tiny.The reception area was revamped from the last time I went, and the flow is much better than it used to be. There's ample room to hang up your coats and leave your shoes, though if everyone's coming in at the same time, it might get a little crowded.  There's also space to relax after class, which is nice if you need to cool down. It's not huge (2-3 benches, I think) but I've never had a problem finding space to sit down. Moksha also sells malas and a few other items like books. The staff is awesome and super friendly! the studio offers a great variety of classes from Power Flow and Restorative, to Prenatal. Class: The class I attended was with Vanessa, whom I loved! She had such an awesome vibe about her, and you could tell just by looking at her that she loves what she does. Unlike other Moksha classes that I've been too, Vanessa really took the time to walk around and make adjustments if these were needed - she had a very hands-on approach that I feel is important in a yoga practice. Being out of the hot yoga 'scene' for 3 years, I felt like Vanessa's class was challenging enough for me. Despite having a regular yoga practice, doing yoga in 98 degrees can add another level of intensity. Overall: Make sure you hydrate before, during and after class to avoid getting a skull ache (true story!). If you're particular about where you practice in a room, get there about 30 minutes before class so you can pick your spot. If you're going to a Karma class, you might want to get there 45 minutes in advance. My experience with Friday night classes is that they are packed like sardines. If you're new to hot yoga, try it a few times before writing it off - Moksha classes have amazing benefits and I always feel super relaxed and Gumby-like when I'm done. I gave the studio 4 stars because the change room is so-so, 2 showers were out of order and one bathroom didn't lock. Other than that, love this studio!
