5	The Grill on Main is a new restaurant in downtown Mesa, AZ. A simple exterior gives way to a much classier than you'd expect interior for a "grill". Fortunately the service and food match the effort put into the interior. I had a cheesteak that was delicious and will definately be back for more.
4	I am so thrilled to be the first to review this restaurant. The Grill on Main is Yumalish!! My friend Stephanie & I went here on our 30 min lunch break. We were surprised to see how cute the restaurant was inside, for being such a small place they sure made the most of the space. We told the waitress right off the bat we were in a hurry and they totally accommodated (Door to Door in 35). We both ordered the daily lunch special which was a grilled pastrami with Swiss cheese & sauerkraut on rye bread. We were able to modify our sandwiches with no fuss. I hate sauerkraut she doesn't enjoy Rye. They have cool soda choices like Hank's orange cream soda, vanilla cream soda, sarsaparilla and black cherry, they also offer both Coke & Pepsi products which I thought was pretty cool considering many people are very particular about their pop. It was nice to see they had fresh squeezed lemonade as well as fresh brewed iced tea on their menu, which is what we opted for. I just love CHOICES!! Shorty after we ordered the waitress brought some homemade potato chips to our table & said the chef had been experimenting, trust me he can experiment with our table any time yum! Then it happened, the waitress brought our food to the table & OMG the food looked delicious, a very large sandwich with a generous helping of french fries. Everything was hot and tasted very fresh I was especially impressed with the Swiss cheese it was sliced thicker than most & had a very swissy taste sooo good also very stringy when you took a bite. I believe it set the sammy over the top! This food was a total delight, a large portion (we could have easily split) and the most amazing part was the bill... $6.40 for each of us WOW!! The sandwich was 5 bucks the tea was a dollar then tax. What a great buy. I can't wait to go back and try more stuff like the Angus burger, Philly cheese steak or the pulled pork sandwich. I should mention this place is kinda hard to find, it sits between Robson & Center street on the north side of Main in Mesa. Their website was a little tricky as well but here's a link http://www.thegrillonmain.net My hopes is that this place stays in bizness for a long time it has just the right mix of food, service & atmosphere, but I also know "Main Street" will be a true test for them. Good Luck
1	I had heard great things about this place so I decided to give it a try. Unfortunately , after getting our menus without so much as a hello, we waited over 10 minutes and finally walked out. I have not walked out of a place in years but we could only be ignored so long. As we walked out a female employee stepped aside so we could pass without her even blinking an eye or caring why we were walking out. Sadly I will never return to this place, What a disappointment. We walked down the block and had a great meal at another place!
5	We had our son's rehearsal dinner at The Grill On Main.  Not only was the food fantastic but owner's Art and Pat (chef and baker) went beyond our expectations.  They closed down for us and had special touches added to our tables.  I live in north Phoenix and would drive to Mesa just to eat there.  Everyone in our group told us they had a great time and loved the food!  Thanks Art and Pat.
1	I didn't eat here so my poor review cannot speak  for the food however it can speak for the service.  I love sitting outside so we sat outside and were basically forgotten about.  All we had was one drink each and we were there for over an hour simply because the waitress NEVER would come outside.  I finally had to go find her inside to give her my credit card.  I don't understand why it was so difficult for them to take my money.  It felt like we were a nuisance to the staff the entire time although we just had a simple beer.   I will not go back again but hopefully my experience is the exception to the rule.
3	I went there with my mom one afternoon for a late lunch.  We arrived about 10 minutes before the placed closed for the afternoon before reopening for dinner.  The hostess/server was very friendly and insisted that we stay and eat even though they were getting ready to close.  It was a bit too quite in there for me since we were the only two guests.We ordered an appetizer and a sandwich to share.  The food was OK, not great.  I'd go there again in the evening for their wine tasting, but not just to eat.
3	Downtown Mesa has only a select few eateries and all are locally owned.  You might find one chain, which is a Subway down the street.  So trying to find a good place to eat, I had to  Yelp it..  Being one in eight people, telling someone that a location has a certain review, they dont care.So we decide to try the Grill On Main...The place is really small and looks like it had just opened that weekend.  We are greeted by a nice lady who sits our table of eight and proceeds to take our drink order.   I ordered a Diet Pepsi and one thing that made go "really?" was when I heard the sound of a can of soda being opened.. I sorta thought "Oh great.. this means no free refills."  I assumed and didnt ask, so I enjoyed my one glass of Diet Pepsi.We then ordered food.  I ordered the Cowboy Burger; my friends ordered various other items off the menu from a salad to more burgers and a steak plate.That's when the what would have been 4-5 stars dropped down to three (3) stars...Id say the wait for the first part of our food was easily 20 minutes.  It got to be so long that a few of us were like "Didnt we order already?"  I even noticed another table that was seated before us looking around for their food.  Just as it feels like we're about to say something, the waitress walks in with a few of the orders.  As she passes them out I notice that they dont have mine and my girlfriends order.  "the burgers are still cookin, it'll be another minute..."Umm.. ok.  So two others got their burgers.  That's when we realized they probably have a small grill to cook burgers on.  Ok.  So we waited longer and this time the cook (i assume) brings out our food.  After what seemed to be 30minutes from the time we ordered food, we finally bit into our burgers. YU-MMY.    That was one delicious burger.  Think of a burger that is grilled out back with a bunch of friends and it has that old home bbq style feel to it.  This burger was piping hot off the grill and literally melted in my mouth.  Every bite was better than the next.  I think I finished it in about 5min.  The french fries were also very tasty and seemed to have a different taste from what I have been used too.I wish Yelp would allow half stars because Id bump this to 3.5 or 3.75 stars.  The food was great... the service was just so damn slow.  So I recommend if you do eat here, make sure you have a good amount of time.
1	This was by far the worst dining experience of my life.  We went on a Saturday night and there was only one other couple there-not a good sign.  We ordered the pizza fries as an appetizer-french fries with mozzerella (i think) cheese on them and a "marinara" dipping sauce.  Not the best but OK for an appetizer,  My wife got a lemonade that tasted more like water with a lemon wedge in it.  With there only being 2 couples in the restaraunt, one would think that there would be better service.  We had to wait a while for our food.  My wife had a burger which was good.  I had the steak and it was cold, not cooked then sat for a while cold, but straight out of the fridge cold.  the potatos that came with the steak were very bland and seemed to be instant potatos from a package.  They were also very gummy.  They even managed to screw up the catsup!  It was in a Heinz bottle but had a very bad taste to it.  After our very dissapointing meal, we had to wait FOREVER to get our check, FOREVER  for the server to take our card, then FOREVER for her to bring it back.  All told, it was about 30 minutes from the time we were done eating to the time we left, all the while with empty glasses.  By this point though, there were 3 more tables to serve, so it was a little busier.  Never going back here again!
4	This is a little place on Main Street in downtown Mesa and the Budweiser neon sign in the window totally made me think this was more bar/less bistro.  However, it's definitely more bistro/less bar.  The food here is amazing - really.  Everything is homemade, including the soups.  The wine list is impressive - certainly didn't expect to find my favorite obscure Riesling on the menu.  The service isn't spectacular - the owner's daughter is usually the only server - but she's super nice and the food is worth the wait.  If you're downtown and have some time, this is a great little place.
3	Service was sooooo slow!! Sat lunch with one table inside. We sat outside had to walk inside for our check. The food was ok. Nothing special. Lots of butter used on the hot sandwiches..Best to go when you have nothing to do and no where to go afterwards.
2	Might be great food, if you can get it. I haven't eaten here, so I can't say anything about the food or service. I'm giving a two star rating because I haven't been able to eat here.I find myself on Main at least a couple nights a week, but not before they close at 6pm. I understand that a small biz has to manage employee hours, but dinner time seems a silly time to close a restaurant.I'll update this review when I eventually eat here.
4	I managed to make it in before closing, and I'm glad I did. I had an amazing southwest burger and some sweet potato fries. The burger was a little more done than I ordered, but was fantastic, anyway; a very nice blend of spice and flavor. I'm a big fan of sweet potato fries, and theirs are among the best I've had. Crunchy but just mushy enough inside, they left me sad that I didn't order a double portion.I'd like to give The Grill on Main five stars, but their operating hours are still lousy. That said, I got prompt, friendly (take-out) service, despite walking in 15 minutes before close.
2	I've eaten here several times, because we have been trying to support the local businesses, and each time has been okay, but this last time was pretty bad.  First of all, it was not busy, but the server was not around much, and when I asked for a refill on my tea, she never did show up with any until 15 minutes later and only after I asked again.  I ate most of my meal without anything to drink.  It got awful dry.  When she did bring the tea she diluted it down so she would have enough to fill my glass, it looked more like water that tea.
5	Great place for lunch. Downtown Mesa has improved since I found this place. Great food and friendly service. I will try dinner in the near future.
4	Hearty, unique, flavorful burgers. The environment is cozy, and very friendly. The prices are great. This spot is easy to overlook, but check it out, if you're looking for a new spot to grab some food in Downtown Mesa.
3	I am a downtown Mesa resident, so I was hoping to love this place. Love, no. Like, okay. I took my son here for a little mommy-son date. We split a burger and fries. He got a chocolate milk and I got water and soda. Plus side: everything is homemade/handmade (and that impresses the heck out of me) down to the chocolate milk, which clearly had some serious REAL chocolate syrup in it. The food took longer, but I am okay with that because it felt like quality. The server seemed overwhelmed, which is weird since there were maybe five tables there. I worry about it surviving the lightrail construction. I am willing to go back one more time.
5	Great little hidden gem in Downtown Mesa. I came for lunch and had the Southwest Burger with Sweet Potato Fries. The burger was phenomenal! I loved the chipotle sauce especially. The sweet potato fries were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I will definitely be returning.
4	I ended up on Main St. after doing some planning at 12 West Main and I remember being so hungry afterwords, I could eat a small infant (don't worry, I didn't).Main St. is hard to describe ... it has some cool places like the Mesa Arts Center & the Museum of Natural History, but the other shops in what's supposed to be a hip urban downtown street are so desolate and barren, it reminds me of a forgotten Wild West Town. My friend and I didn't want to eat 'fast food' pizza which is the about the only thing you can get besides Subway on this entire street, and we saw this weird joint in the middle of it all that was a sit down restaurant. We decided to just try it before out stomachs began eating our own intestines. The place was empty. That was my first impression and when you see an empty place you're kind of hesitant to even try it. I'm so glad we didn't leave. The lady recommended us a certain burger when we asked what was good and we each had root beer floats (a little watery, but it came straight from the legit brown bottles), and the food came in a timely manner. The patty size was HUGE for the small price accompanying it and my friend and I agreed that this was the FIRST burger we ever ate that wasn't greasy AT ALL, yet still held a good amount of flavor. I don't know how else to describe it, but it was just a genuinely good burger, fresh ingredients, no frills, and I didn't feel bad after eating the entire thing oddly. The major reason I liked this place was because of this: You know when you're in an empty restaurant in those weird afternoon hours and the hostess or whoever tries to hurry you out so they can go back to concentrating on their phones, ipads, etc. The owners let us stay until we were too tired to talk and didn't care how loudly we laughed or anything. It was like I was eating dinner with a friend in my own living room comfortably and that, is hard to find. Obviously, this is no 5 star burger with not even a 2 star decor, but the place is exceptionally clean, staff leaves you alone to do what you want, and if you happen to find yourself on this weird, empty, place called Main St., come to this odd little place that will qualm your confusion if just for a little with some darn good food.
2	We regularly attend Motorcycles on Main every month and decided to try this location.   The restaurant was not super busy but it wasn't slow & our orders were taken quickly although we had to ask for drink menus.  That's where our visit went sour.....about 20 minutes later, my husband's & I received our food.  My order was incorrect and I even made it a point to ask the gentleman who brought it out if it was without kraut, which he assured me it was correct.  We waited another 10 minutes for our remaining guests to receive their orders while our food got cold.  When their food arrived, I told the kitchen staff my food was incorrect.  He apologized and told me he would remake it but it would take a long time (this was a pastrami sandwich).  It came back quickly however the meat was so overshredded  that it had the consistency of paste.  I didn't want to send it back again but the 2 other guests who ordered the sandwich said the pastrami was terrible. When the checks came, they changed $100 instead of $1 for the lemonade - I get mistakes but seriously?  We had to request it to be removed & corrected.  Pat, our server, never offered refills or extra drinks-took the order and handed out the checks.  The six of us will probably never return & belong to a large group of people who frequent this area.  I'm really disappointed that we had to experience this :(
2	Nothing very special. Basic menu. Decent food. Over priced. No kids menu. The waitress was polite. Me and my family wouldn't be back. I also wouldn't recommend it. I am easy to please too. Just didn't do it for me. I had the pastrami sandwich. My wife had a Philly cheesesteak. She thought it was pretty good. But still over priced.
2	I wanted to give this place a better review.... But I'm just going to be blunt, short....not to sweet. I ordered the meatloaf sandwich, my brother ordered the prime rib sandwich. They were good. But really dry. We got our first drinks, and food in normal time.... But no service after that, we were forgotten about until she brought us a bill. We really wanted to order more things and tell her how are food was... But she neglected us. Super poor service, dry food..... Make sure you order everything, plus a side of gravy before she puts your order in. Because after you get your food..... No telling when she is coming back.
1	The waitress was awesome however the cook had messed up an order numerous times for a turkery burger with no cheese. They had brought out a burger with cheese, requested to put the burger on a plate.  When they brought it out for a third time, it was the same burger, there was edges of the cheese still left on the meat, they had just scrapped the cheese off. When asked to speak to the cook/owner they refused to come out to speak to us. They didn't charge for the meal, however if someone was seriously allergic to cheese, this could have been a disaster. Will definitely not go back to this restaurant for sure.
4	Visiting AZ for a day and the lady working was very friendly and made us feel welcome. The food was great! I had their southwest burger. It came with bacon and guacamole. Really good and flavorful. The root beer float was ok but the ice cream melted pretty quick. My wife had the chef's special burger and she devoured it. My friend had the cowboy burger and he was satisfied.
2	I wanted to like it, I really did...  I love supporting local, and hope that downtown Mesa stores can endure the light rail construction and thrive afterwards.  My daughter and I went for a preconcert meal.  The lady asked if we were going to the show and said yes.  She said she'd make sure they hurried. There were only two other groups in the place. It was almost 30 minutes to get a cheeseburger and a patty melt.  Burgers are cooked to order at your desired doneness.  However her well done burger was medium, and my patty melt was scary rare for a burger.  We were starving and in a hurry so we ate on.  Patty melt really needs some kind of sauce like Thousand Island but ketchup would have to do.  The sweet potato fries on the other hand might have been the best I have ever had.
