5	So I called the Autozone on Lamb & Washington to get a lamp for the right headlight and the girl says we have it and it's 8$ so I go there and the guy is like we have it but its 15$...then I ask him to change it for me but he's like imma need tools (no ya dont) so he couldn't do it for me!! So I go to Autozone on Flamingo and the guy there was way happy to help, changed it, didn't want a tip, and he even wore a glove because you're not suppose to touch the bulb. SO you wanna go to this Autozone!!
5	Very great service from staff! Made my battery replacement very easy! Also, I truly thank the staff that sold me my battery for my 93' GMC truck & installed it. You are AWESOME! Great staff as well! @lasvegas_places @klout
1	Very unfriendly.  Very condencending.   Very RUDE!  The manager in the gray shirt cuts you off when talking and is unprofessional. Maybe he should put his drink cup down and get off his power hungry horse. No clue of customer service here. AVOID!  If I could rank this place with ZERO stars, I would.  You'll see a night and day difference if you go to the Russell and Fort Apache store... top notch service here and VERY friendly.  The Flamingo store should take a hint from them.
5	Had the bad luck of having both of my headlight bulbs go dark on me.  Had to drive home after work highbeaming everyone else tryingto get home after a day of work (Sorry!).Anyway, looked up the reviews for a nearby Pep Boys and didn't like what I read, even though I am pretty sure they would have slightly lower price.  So I ended up coming to this Autozone after reading reviews (especially Monica N's review) and liking what I read.The store was fairly empty when I arrived, and I tried to look up the parts number in the booklets in the store. What I thought was a fairly easy and straight forward process, was actually much more difficult than I had imagined. Luckily, a young female employee offered to look up what I need and located the light bulbs replacement I need in seconds.  She also offered to install them for me, which was a great help.Price-wise, I am absolutely sure you can find lower prices online.  But those online merchants are not going to offer to help you with complimentary installation on miscellaneous tasks like replacing burnt out head lights.For a win-win situation, especially if you are not particularly handy with minor auto repairs, shop at Autozone. They get the business, and you get the right parts and keep your hands clean and still have the cars fixed.5 solid Yelp stars!!!
4	Dropped off used motor oil to these guys. They were super helpful no attitude and parking was easy.....Las vegas is really just one large parking lot....You live in san francisco or other metro city you will know what I mean
