5	Have been taking my son here for almost 2 years and he LOVES it! They have everything from gym classes to art and music classes. During a lot of the year they have "unlimited months" so you can go however much you want. So convenient, clean & the staff is great. If you have a son or daughter you need to try it out; they are always running specials. :)
4	We started our son here when he was about 12 months old.  I wish we had found it sooner!  He loved every minute of it!  They really treated us like family, especially Miss Sue.  She nicknamed my son "The Mayor" because he liked to stop and greet the other children as they came into class.Since my husband and I both work, we would take him to the evening or weekend classes.  There weren't a lot of classes in his age group that fit into a working parents schedule so, shortly after his 2nd birthday, we had to quit.  The only class available was on a Saturday right before his nap.  Not optimal timing for a two year old!  We were very sad to leave.  If they had more evening and weekend classes, we probably would have stayed longer. Go down and sign up for a free class! Your child will have a blast and make sure to tell them "The Mayor" sent ya!
1	Me and my sister took our 3 month old and 5 month old children to the play and learn class. I did notice a slight stinky smell and stains all over the colored parachute we used. The puppets we used were also smelly and discolored. Not to mention my own niece PUKED all over the mirror all the babies were using and I was the one who did a rushed job of wiping it up with a burp cloth. Shortly after, she just put the mirror back and didn't even wipe it with any sort of cleaner. It was a bunch of fun for our babies as well as us. It was fun until not even 24 hours later ALL FOUR OF US came down with stuffy noses, sore throats, and an incessant cough. Then I basically realized this place is a breeding group for bacteria. One of the babies even spit up all over the mirror we all shared and the women didn't even clean/sanitize it after we used it.Totally disgusting. You would think if they are working with babies all day they would CLEAN UP FREQUENTLY! Disinfect to keep children healthy. Needless to say, I decided AGAINST paying $65/mo for my child to get a cold.I would not recommend this place until they get better standards about cleaning up after each class.
5	I love this class! My son's development and interaction with others has taken off since he started a little over a month ago. Every class he does a little more than the last. Sue is a great teacher. She's great at making it fun while helping them to learn self control and patience. Someone else commented on the condition of the puppets and parachute; yeah they are a bit crusty and probably could be cleaned a little better, but I decided to put my germaphobe fears aside for my child's development. Even if he gets a cold or two from class (which he hasn't after 5 weeks) that seems to be par for the course when it comes to interacting with other children and the benefits to his development outweigh a few sniffles in my opinion!
5	I can't believe I have not reviewed Gymboree! We have been attending classes here for over a year, and my child looks forward to them each and every week. The staff is seasoned and knows how to include all the children (shy, rambunctiousetc.) in a positive and safe environment. The recent remodel of the facility is also nice.My only con would be some of the parents. Just like in any situation with families, some parents just don't get it. I have seen parents use it as social hour and not participate at all. I have also seen some parents watch as their child takes a toy from another child, knock another child down, etc. and do nothing. SIGH.
