5	My wife and I are exploring our birthing options and at the top of the list is home birthing with a midwife. We've done lots of research and narrowed down our prospective search to a few highly qualified midwives in the LV area. At the top of our list is Sherry Hopkins who is President of Well Rounded Mommas.We met with Sherry yesterday and could not have found a better person to be our midwife. She not only made us feel very comfortable during our consultation but was also very warm, friendly and extremely knowledgeable when it came to answering a slew of questions from me and my wife. Our initial intention was to interview a couple of other midwives in the area as well but after meeting with Sherry we don't think that will be necessary any longer.After discussing our options and our initial consulation my wife has decided that she'd like for Sherry to be our midwife for our first child and I couldn't be happier with her decision. We'll try to remember to update this review as things progress. We highly recommend Sherry and Well Rounded Mommas for those who are curious or committed to a natural child birth.
5	It's official! As of yesterday Sherry is now our midwife and we couldn't be happier!!!
5	Sherry is amazing!!! She delivered our son yesterday and everything was PERFECT!!!  We couldn't be happier!!! Thank you Sherry!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Sherry is everything you could want in a midwife and more!!! I couldn't imagine doing my pregnancy and birth with anyone else! The prenatal care and attention she gives to her clients is caring, warm and inviting. And she's a birthing rockstar! I am so grateful to her and her assistant Tiffany Gonzales, who is also a Doula at WRM, for helping my husband and I welcome our little angel into this world. She is so calm and relaxing and just makes a momma feel so empowered and safe. If I could give ten stars I would.
5	We're now expecting baby boy #2 and yet again Sherry is our midwife! I really can't offer a better endorsement than that. We not only trust her with the safety and well being of my wife but also our unborn son. There is no other person in the world that we could imagine bringing our children into the world.
1	I had an awful experience & wouldn't recommend Sherry to anyone! She double booked appointments on a few occasions and most of the time we waited up to an hour for appointments. After we had our son I took him to her office to have his blood type done, since I bought the kit, and she seemed put out. My experience was so bad that I'm having a hospital birth for my second child. I should've listened to my husband. He wasn't impressed from the beginning. I had a wonderful Doula and I don't think my son or I would be here today had it not been for her and my wonderful husband.  My birth was supposed to be a great experience and it still haunts me. Be careful
5	I had an incredible experience with Sherry! We chose to have our 3rd baby at home, and it was an incredible, amazing dream come true! Sherry's care, warmth, and personal attention were divine. Such a better experience than my hospital births! I recommend her highly!!!
5	We had an amazing home birth, each time, with Sherry. My 2nd baby we decided to try this whole home birth thing. My husband was reluctant at first but after meeting and speaking with Sherry he was well assured in her skill and our safety. We had amazing care and attention during every prenatal appointment, our numerous calls, the birth and every postpartum visit. She is amazing and I couldn't recommend her enough! When we found out we were unexpectedly expecting number 3 there was no question where we would give birth or with whom by our side. Sherry will always be a part of our family!
