5	This place is a really off the wall Vegas experience, an authentic German gasthaus just off Las Vegas Blvd.  Full bar and great beer on tap - at great prices.  The club is private, but you are allowed a limited number of visits without joining.  There is usually a dinner on Saturday nights (check the website for details).  The quality of the meals prepared by the members is good, and again the pricing is reasonable.  Non-members can enjoy a meal also.  Just call the club by Thursday to make a reservation.  Absolutely one of my favorite places to have a beer in Las Vegas.  Surreal atmosphere, warm and friendly people (almost none of them are German ;))) and delicious German beer on tap!The Club itself (known as the GASCON)  is pretty neat too.  They have a couple boozy golf tournaments a year, which are a lot of fun, and also do a fantastic job hosting the Oktoberfest in DT Las Vegas.  Annual membership is like $35.  I carry my card in my wallet.  The GASCON is making a push to increase the headcount of its younger members (hold your national socialist youth movement jokes please ;))).  There's talk of using the space on the off nights as a music venue and also of hosting viewing parties for both the US and Germany games at the 2014 World Cup.  I'll be there...
2	Whoa! That's the one word that came out of my mouth exactly 3 times when I walked into this place. I came here because I was in the area and it came up on yelp in the dive bar category. Also, being of German heritage myself, I thought it might be a sort of mini hofbrau haus. Yeah, I was mistaken. Don't get me wrong, this is an interesting place with lots of character. Really though, this place has much more of a VFW or local legion or senior citizen center feel to it. I'd take my grandparents here. Hell, I'd even take my parents here. Take it from me though, you really wouldn't want to bring a date here.
5	This club is great, fun nights, good bar, good food. They are open Tuesday for Jazz Night, Friday for card night, Saturday dinner and dancing and one Sunday a week for Fruschoppen or Brunch.  Please check out the website of GASCON if you need info.
5	After years of driving by this place at not going in (it is a club*), we finally had the chance during a Rummage Sale. Oh my God, it is cute inside! I know a German Restaurant in town that could use the charm of this place!!!!It has a full bar (with German beer -of course!) and kitchen (kitchen is usually only used for their Tuesday Night Vintage Vegas Jazz evenings, Saturday Dinners and the once a month Sunday brunch.  They said the Club is also available for Special Event rentals. Most of the members are above the age of 50 (but I was told they have been getting a small influx of younger members recently).  Best to check their website for hours of operation, But they are open Tuesday evenings for Jazz,  (sometimes) on Thursday evenings, Friday and Saturday afternoon and evenings and the once a month Sunday brunch.  The bar prices are cheap! It is an all ages club, so you can bring your children there (just not in the bar section).  This is a "Private Club", but they said guests can come Three times to experience it before signing up. Oh the dues... if you do want to join, it costs $3 a month !!! ($35 the first year), and $2 a month for following years ($25 for renewal years). What a bargain!  Yes, I ended signing my wife and I up we love it so much!
