3	Being the only sushi bar in Cotswald, I stepped into the gutted out former pizza hut building.    Apparently, no amount of interior re-decorated could take away the spirit of Pizza Hut.    I felt like I was in a pizza hut that could have been located in downtown Beijing.I had read that Koi was owned by a family known for their restaurants, especially in the Charlotte area.   I ordered a Gen. Tsao chicken and it was utterly bland.   Prices for the Chinese dishes range from 8-13 bucks.I decided to try what makes this particular restaurant unique in Cotswald and that is Sushi.   The Maki was good, with decently sized shrimp, but rather bland.  I am still unsure as to how to really rate this place.   It was good but felt tentative.  Definately ok if you don't feel like going far and you live in the Cotswald area - but there are better places if you don't mind driving just a few miles.
4	My wife and I ate dinner at Koishi last night night and it was great. We both had sushi so I cannot comment on how the cooked dishes are but the sushi was excellent. The portion sizes were about average for a sushi restaurant and the prices were pretty good for the quality. The atmosphere is not the greatest but not all that bad either. The good food for a fair price more than made up for a less than stellar atmosphere. If you are near Cotswold this place is definitely worth a try.Quick tip: Try the Cherry Blossom Roll.
4	The search for good, affordable sushi is always a challenge for me. You don't want to pay too much, but you also don't want to pay too little - as that's a little frightening when you're thinking about super cheap raw fish entering your stomach. So, imagine my delight when Cotswold centered Koishi offers a sweet lunch special for $8.95.A few girlfriends and I dropped by this affordable sushi heaven for a quick weekday lunch. Inside (and outside), Koishi isn't much to look at - it's in an old Pizza Hut. No joke. Don't expect to be dancing in any strobe lights or bumping to the hot beats in this joint. But, it's clean and the employees are friendly enough to make you feel welcome. For lunch I chose "Sushi A", which, for $8.95 is a pretty sweet deal. This special includes two maki rolls (you choose from a list of ten or so), soup or salad and an egg roll. For my maki, I went with the spicy yellowtail roll and the California roll. The rolls weren't anything spectacular, but they were fresh and cheap. Perfect for lunch in my opinion!As for my other "Sushi A" components, the salad was fresh and had a great ginger dressing. And last but not least, their eggroll wasn't too greasy and didn't burn off my fingers when I picked it up. That's a good eggroll in my book. So, is Koishi the best sushi in Charlotte? Nah. But this place offers a convenient, cheap and fresh lunch that will satisfy many.
3	Sushi is always a tough one for me in Charlotte - I have found places I like but none that I love...and Koi to me is just ok.Koi is in the neighborhood so I do frequent the place with the neighbors - the food is tasty nothing great but nothing bad, however it seems like the sushi takes forever to be made. I haven't once been there where the entire parties food has come out at the same time.I also think the sushi pieces are very small compared to some other places I've been to in town.On a postive note the staff is friendly they do take-out and have an extensive menu for sushi and chinese food.
5	Affordable and tasty sushI! The ambience isn't great and still looks like a Pizza Hut, but who cares because the food is delicious and cheap. My friend and I went there twice within a two week period and the waitress remembered how my friend likes her sushi (with avocado on the outside), which I found quite impressive. Recommended!
3	I would not suggest dining here (at least for lunch) if you are already starving, it will only exaggerate the oddly long period of time it takes to get your sushi. My sister and I stopped in for lunch (I'd never heard of it, a few of her friends swear by it) since cheap lunch sushi combos will get me in the door of a lot of places, I decided to go for it. We both opted for sushi option A, choosing two rolls from a fairly basic list for 8.95. We both also went for the salad, and after noticing an egg roll was the same price as a spring roll on the menu, I tried to substitute. I was denied, and then told they were out of spring rolls so there was no reason to discuss it further. But, apparently me asking to substitute was almost offensive (I hardly ever ask, I was just in the mood for something not fried) since the response was more of a sneered "combination comes with egg roll." and not an "I'm sorry we don't allow substitutions on the lunch combos", but my bad for trying to switch things up.The few other tables in the restaurant all had their food already but something clicked in my mind about slower service (probably thanks to one of you all) and we ordered some edamame at the last minute. Thankfully, we did, because I think I would have started to eat my napkin. Your whole combo is served bento box style, so do not expect your salad to come out first and hold you over. At first, I didn't even see a sushi chef, but he sauntered out around the time our edamame came to the table and began chatting with the other employees/creating our lunch. The server had already informed us that the lunch combo portions were closer to 4 or 5 portions per roll than the 8 you would get from ordering off the sushi menu, so I was fairly certain it couldn't take that long. But we continued to wait. When it finally arrived my spicy yellow tail roll was six thick nickel-sized slices. No fishy smell or taste, and nothing spectacular. Not many flavours held up to even being lightly dipped in soy sauce. The crunch roll was five pieces of decent shrimp tempura sushiness. Salad portion was nice, ginger dressing could definitely hold its own, egg roll was grocery store frozen dept material. I doubt anyone expects life changing sushi off of a lunch combo menu, so if you're in the mood for fresh, average sushi for a decent price, check it out. Just make sure you're not starving, or in a hurry.
4	Don't let the Pizza Hut exterior fool you; this is a decent place to grab a quick, fresh and cheap sushi combo lunch. Have been a few times with friends and mostly order the Sushi A combo for $8.95, which gets you two maki rolls (generally go with the California and Spicy Tuna), a ginger salad, and an egg roll. The ginger dressing here is quite good, but be sure to ask for it on the side unless you want your lettuce literally drowning in ginger goodness. The veggie egg roll isn't too greasy and the sushi is average but fresh. All this for $8.95 makes it a great lunch deal if you're in the Cotswold area. A must have if you aren't ordering off of the combo menu is the Cherry Blossom roll. It's the best roll I've had at Koishi and comes out looking like a flower, which gives it a little extra something, in my humble opinion. Service is a bit on the slow side but generally friendly. And there is plenty of parking on the side and behind the building. Only gripe is that it's tough to get in/leave with the barrier in center of Sharon Amity and the no U-turn signs, but no worries; it's worth the bit of extra maneuvering.
4	I totally agree w/Nicole about finding a good balance for affordable but not cheap sushi!! I have eaten here several times and have always been pleased with the quality of the food which happens to also be at a really good price.  I typically prefer Nigiri or Sashimi  over rolls - but their signature roll is really delish!I like the sushi combo lunch selections - it's nice to be able to start with the salad ( they have a pretty good peanut dressing) and then to enjoy  a selection of sushi.
3	After a few months, decided to try Koishi again and had to note some changes. Still no egg roll substitutions, still fairly small sushi portions, still kind of cold on the service - but they definitely decreased the wait time, and from what I can tell completely nixed the bento box.(For the lunch sushi combos) A nice portion of salad came out first, with the same really good dressing. Before I could even finish my salad, a small plate with my 2 rolls of small 4-5 pieces each arrive, along with an eggroll and dipping sauce on another plate. A mildly less than fresh smell from the fish and the tempura shrimp smelled like they either needed to change their oil or had switched to a more pungent type - kept getting hints of concession stand fryer-ness, a little odd. I don't think I can up the stars because really, it still is just "a-ok" in my book. Water sat empty for a little bit, some rolls are below par for lunch sushi - but it's still a decent meal for a decent price.  If I go back I think I'll branch away from sushi and look into their entrees.
3	House fried rice is great! Perfect for when you are dressed for the drive thru but just not in the mood for fast food.
2	I wanted to like it, I really did.  Reasonably priced sushi, convenient location, menu with all the flavors of the rainbow (roll)?  I didn't even mind the former Pizza Hut layout.  What I DID mind was the 50 minute wait for a to-go order to be completed; when I called to place the order, I was told it would take 25 minutes.  We probably showed up after 30, and then proceeded to sit on a bench for another 20 minutes until the order was complete.  By the time we got our three (yes, only three) rolls home, the spider roll was cold and mushy.  The other two were fine (spicy salmon and rainbow), but after the long wait I think I was maybe just glad to be eating anything.  Provided you don't mind waiting for them to catch, debone and descale, and then finally make your dinner, Koishi is a decent option... but there's many other choices around town.
3	Not great, but fairly good. Certainly worth the money. I had some different basic nigiri (tuna, yellowtail, salmon) a few rolls and a few hand rolls. Pieces are correctly sized (most sushi is made too big) and 2 to an order. Fish was lovely and fresh. Rice was good. Price is appropriate. Nothing nearby like it, so I'll go again - it was worth it.If you seek ambiance go elsewhere - place is ugly as a bowery bar.  I don't seek ambiance, so the Pizza Hut origins don't bother me.  Somehow I think they could be better - given the paucity of good sushi in Charlotte, I hope they do.
4	Another great reminder that you cannot judge a book by its cover. From the outside, Koishi is easy to discount due to it's Pizza Hut frame and dull colored exterior. However, once you get inside it's lovely! They must have decorated since some of the last reviews because it is well decorated in a modern theme. After being intrigued by it's $8.95 sushi lunch special, I had to check it out for myself. I have to agree, it's good and affordable! Hubs ordered the Veggie Feast and it was a nice-sized portion of a flavorful dish. When you are ready to leave, they give you Andes mints! Oh, they think of everything to make a good impression!The service was very attentive. When they weren't serving, they were cleaning off tables or sweeping the floors. Big plus in my book!I'm pleasantly surprised and happy to have found a new sushi and Asian cuisine stop! I will return!
3	Good sushi, nice intimate enviornment. You can tell that it used to be a pizza hut with the shape of their building, but the inside definitely doesn't remind you of pizza hut at all! They recently rennovated it to be a more modern and young feel with colored-lights, which I find appealing. The sushi is yummolicious! I love their volcano roll! If you love baked scallops and imitation crab meat with lots of spicy mayo, this is your roll! I also love the grasshopper roll with shrimp tempura and seaweed salad on top.What an interesting combination right? It's delicious. If you want something visually appealing, I would go with the cherry blossom roll. You'll see why when you get it! As for the Chinese dishes, I don't care too much for them. I don't know if this restaurant loves to use sugar, but their sauces are all a bit sweet. If you go here, I would stick to the sushi and stay away from the Chinese.
4	Met my daughter here for dinner tonight. We've been here a few times. I like this place. We've only had the sushi. It's fantastic! Tonight was spicy tuna, the Rainbow & the Super Crunchy role. All fresh, all tasty. I loved the Super Crunchy role with 2 large fried shrimp at the ends. The meal was delivered quickly and eaten even faster! Reasonably priced. We'll be back.
4	I enjoyed Koishi.  I actually worked across the street for quite some time before I tried it out this year. Yes, it is an old Pizza Hut, but the ambiance is nicely low-key Asian.  I was with a group and I found the sushi was good and the price point excellent,  My group enjoyed their selections.Not the biggest sushi rolls, but tasty and the service was friendly as well as timely. I would definitely return for future visits.
4	I really like this place for sushi. It's not the trendiest, but also, not sooo expensive and THE FISH IS ALWAYS FRESH. I always get sushi (raw fish) and have eaten there for years and never been disappointed.Personally, I think it's underrated b/c it's in a pizza hut building and not downtown.
4	Good food! Need to hire more servers. One server during lunchtime on Saturday? He even argue about a mistake on ticket that I've pointed out, not willing to reason. He even avoids the table for a little while. But with my patience and I won. Still will return, of course. Just THAT waiter - he's stoic in face and a bit rude. No hint of friendliness,  yet he done his "work", serving everyone on time.
4	Cherry blossom roll is a must, probably my favorite sushi roll ever.  Place is very unassuming-used to be a pizza hut-but I've never had a bad meal.  Service and food is consistently good & they frequently put out coupons so it's even better! :)
4	My bf and I came here on a whim one day and came back the very next day! The sushi was very fresh. If you're looking for good sushi place that's not overpriced, give it a try.
4	I went here with my girlfriend a few times and was pleasantly surprised.  The ambiance was really nice.  Service was friendly and quick.  The food was really nice.  Haven't been in a while, but this definitely needs to change sometime soon.
2	I've eaten here three times. The first time, our server didn't know what toro was. Umm... For realzies? Outside of that, service was acceptable. Sushi was okay.The second time, the service was slower than a geriatric slug. It was stupid ridiculous. Sushi was okay.Third time, service was acceptable and sushi was okay. Why did I keep going back? The second time, the wait at New Zealand was too long. The third, my friend convinced me to give it one my try. Hmm.
4	The mister and I came here for some celebratory dinner. I relied on Yelp for a some good sushi and Koishi came up.Place -  You have to be careful when trying to find the entrance to the restaurant.  I knew the vicinity of the place, but almost missed the entrance when I finally saw the sign to the restaurant.Food - I was somewhat overwhelmed with the choices of sushi, appetizers, entrees, and etc.. But with a little help from the waitress, I started with the volcano salad - crab, masago, cucumber, medium spicy.. OH MY GOODNESS, was deeelicious.  I am craving it now, while I am typing this. Then I ordered the traditional shrimp tempura roll, which was not bad, and my husband loved the cherry blossom roll (since we were told i was the most popular one).  Service - We had a kind waitress who was attentive and took care of us.  So I cannot complain. Price - It was manageable.  As any sushi place, they will be a bit pricey, but we chose this place because it was not as pricey as other sushi restaurants.  Koishi! My husband and I will be back!
4	My wife and I were craving sushi and wanted to try someplace new. The reviews were good and it's near where we live so we gave it a shot.It's nice inside. The outside was a bit deceiving, but the interior is simple, but there's a nice vibe in there. The menu was cool. I'm a fan of a lot of choices and it had many. Volcano salad was epic! Could have ordered two. So delicious.definitely recommend it.Shared a shrimp tempura roll and their signature cherry blossom roll. Both were delicious. Check out the pics.Service and Price were good. I would recommend and look forward to our next visit where I can try more from their menu!
3	Overall, everything was okay. I arrived at 12 on Sunday afternoon and there was only one other customer in the restaurant. I decided to order a few things to get a good taste. I started with the miso soup, just okay, and the spring roll, which was very disappointing. The vegetables inside tasted stale, or very bland. Would pass on that next time. On to the sushi. I ordered a salmon hand roll & it was awesome. The salmon was fresh & the rice steamed to perfection. I definitely enjoyed. I chose the Cherry Blossom roll and really enjoyed it. The only disappointing thing was the fried shrimp was almost non-existent. A little more shrimp would have made it perfect. Overall, as I said, ok.
4	I haven't been all that impressed with the sushi in North Carolina. We pulled up to Koishi and there were no cars in the lot, not a good sign.No one was there. The place looks and feels kind of like a prison. Icy. The staff sat around behind us a couple yards back, so it was kind of awkward because they could listen to our conversation and we could theirs. Maybe I was too stoned. But, we don't really care. I mean, there wasn't anyone there. The music was awful. Think Hillary Duff. Maybe I should have told my waiter I was stoned so he could better accommodate me and put on some Zeppelin. Oh, they also have Chinese food here! That's exciting, I'll have to try it next time I'm here. I have a feeling it's good. Most of the Chinese food in Charlotte is mediocre. Sushi here is pretty damn good. I don't know why no one was here. It must have been a week day. I liked it the most out of what I've had in NC. I got some type of specialty roll that involved spicy tuna and had avocado on top. My two weaknesses. Just kidding, I have like ten weaknesses. I think all of them are food related?Don't worry guys, I didn't drive.
3	I ordered take out from here and was not all that impressed, but food was just fine.  We got sesame chicken and a couple of sushi rolls.  Both the chicken and sushi rolls were fine, but quite overpriced for the quality, so I do not plan to return. The woman at the entry stand was quite unfriendly to top it off.
4	Though I'm not an expert in sushi - or much of anything else, really  - I can say that I dig the sushi vibe put off by Koishi, from the nice job in the renovated Pizza Hut to the friendly service.Is it the best there is? Perhaps not. But it's definitely worth a stop if you're in the area. I cannot count how many times I have driven by this place, trying to figure out if it's a shop for Koi or if it's worth stopping in to see if they sell something else.Once I figured out they were a restaurant, I had to decide if they were worth trying, being in an old building and all. But you know, if they don't spend the money on the building, there is a chance that they might have done so on the menu, and whatever the case, it's working.Like Hibachi Grill on Independence (not the buffet, the other one) and Krazy Fish in PM, the renovated Pizza Hut scene is smoking!
3	By no means is this place bad. The restaurant was clean. I did not check the bathroom though. I've had the sushi there on a slow night and it was good. It was prepared correctly and the fish didn't have a smell of( I have been sitting for a week). I have tried regular menu item like the lo main and the fried rice , with the same result, really good. Simple easy menu.                                      The service is a little bit slow, but I think sometimes they might be understaffed. The only problem that really gets me is $8 for a large hot sake!!! ???You have got to be kidding me!!                                      All in all this is a good restaurant and I will continue to go there.
2	I've given a fair shake to Koishi and been three times just in case I had a bad experience. I had heard that they had authentic sushi and so when the Adventurous Palates group decided to go there, I was in. We got a very wide variety of rolls, soup, apps and entrees. Some of it was good, most of it was OK.  I went back another two times with my husband and I wasn't blown away by the quality of the fish any of the times i went and found it very very average. The service was not too bad with the big group but when it was two of us it was slower, oddly. And unfortunately it feels like you're in a renovated Pizza Hut. Bottom line: The service, food and environment all left a bit to be desired. Will you hate your experience there? No. Will you love it? No. For me, not worth the drive unfortunately.
5	I always check out Koishi when I'm in town!  The maki rolls are creative and numerous - lots of yummy options.  The servers are attentive, quick and friendly.  The only down-side is that it's in an old Pizza Hut - so definitely still looks like the traditional building shape from the outside.  However, I find it kind of funny / charming that there's now sushi being served in the same space.  Highly recommend.
5	Hidden gem. Great sushi, friendly service. Definitely making this a regular sushi spot.
4	Pretty good food. Nothing memorable but priced as something that should be more memorable.
4	Sushi was fresh, service was solid and the price was right. What more could you ask for?
4	Went here for the first time Monday, nice cozy lil spot , nice decor the good was good  I have to go a few more times to give an in depth review so far so good though ..
4	Okay, so the outside makes you wonder if the place is even open (old Pizza Hut building that could use a fresh paint job).  But the inside is really cool.  The walls are so neatly lit and there's a cute small bar.  We tried it for the first time two weeks ago and we will return.  Good selection of sushi, some unique options I've not seen before.  Really nice presentation, the hostess was so kind and welcoming and our waiter was great!
3	Decent place.  Came here with a friend to grab lunch and catch up.  It's a bit aways from Uptown, but I hadn't see her in awhile.The place was fairly empty around 12:30, which was nice.  I ordered the Sushi B lunch special that is a roll and 4 nigiri - I tried a bit of everything.  Nothing really special stuck out from the lunch menu, other than the appetizer salad is pretty big.  You get a solid amount of fish on the lunch specials, but it's nothing that blows your mind.Service was good.  The dude was nice and not overbearing - he let us talk and eat freely without much interruptions.  He was attentive as well - good job, tall dude with glasses.Ambiance was questionable at lunch.  It's not wholly the restaurant's problem but for the first part of lunch, there was a little baby that would just scream randomly - that got annoying pretty quick.  Luckily, they left.  I wonder how this place does at night - it looks like it could be pretty cool.  Plenty of parking.dmo out
5	This place is great! Quick service, friendly waiters, great fresh sushi with decent portion size and really affordable. Can't go wrong here.
5	I was very impressed by the exceptional service, atmosphere, and food. Ordered the spring rolls, miso soup, super crunch roll, and super boost roll. Overall, phenomenal dining experience!
3	This was my first visit -- sampled 1 sushi roll and 2 Chinese entrees. The Chinese was okay, but to me the Kung Pao was very bland.  The roll was good, so next time I'll just explore more of their sushi. Since the service was slow despite few patrons, I probably wouldn't bring a group or go at lunchtime.
1	This restaurant is fairly close to my home. So, we have frequented the place for its convenience. Last Sunday was our last visit to this place! Went for my son's birthday and ordered our usual array of his favorite sushi. Then we sat for 50 minutes watching table after table of later arrivals get their orders of sushi. I stood to inquire and nothing had been started on our order. No reason and no courtesy. Despicable and apathetic people. Never again! Would urge you to avoid it at all cost!
5	What a great quiet little spot! We eat here quite a bit and they are always friendly and the food is great. The sushi is fresh and their selection is vast. I recommend the Super Crunch Roll and the Hawaiian fried rice.
5	Awesome! Have never had anything that I didn't like!!! A hidden local gem! Service is always great and the food quick and served hot. All foods taste super fresh. Visit it at least twice monthly! Yum
1	3 times with mediocre results - 4th time really bad!  The sushi here is pretty expensive for what you get but this place is close to where we live and my family loves sushi so we wanted to give the place more than a fair shot in the hopes that it would improve.  It didn't - the last time we went we found a piece of metal on one of the rolls.  It was curly and a few mm in length.  We brought it to the attention of our waiter and he didn't say a word.  He simply picked it up and took it to the kitchen to apparently discuss it with the manager or the cook.  A bit later when he brought the check he said that the manager thought it came from the Brillo pad that they use on the cookware.  That was it. No apology, no offer to take that item of the bill, no visit from the manager, nothing.  Perhaps I look like I need to increase my iron intake but it won't be from Koishi.  There are far better sushi restaurants a little farther out.
