4	Out of all the times I've been to Montreal, I've had no major complaints about their transit system. Perhaps their bus system isn't as good as Ottawa, but they have great rapid transit, which Ottawa lacks. Their metro system is easy to follow if you're new to the city and the trains come often, so you're rarely waiting long. Their monthly pass is also very cheap compared to some other cities. Unfortunately, individual trips are a bit more expensive, relatively speaking. No matter where you live in Montreal, if you're near a metro station, you'll be able to make it to the other end of the city in no time. This city has a great transit system that's well worth taking advantage of if you're visiting or a resident. Unfortunately, I find STM staff are rarely friendly.
4	I love cities with public transportation, and I particularly love cities with subways since that means I won't have to drive to get around.  Montreal is the city with the cleanest subway I've seen of late although Toronto probably beats it hands down (I just haven't been to Toronto in the last 8 years).  Montreal's subway cars are clean and well-kept, they run on time, there is never a long wait, and I don't feel unsafe traveling the subway after dark.The service to the metro area is well-planned and I can get from one end of the city to the other in under an hour (and more likely under 30 minutes)  including the walk to the destination.  In a city of 4 million people that is as spread out as Montreal, this is key.  The best thing I like about it?  I see locals using it ALL THE TIME, so it's not just for tourists.The only issues I have with Montreal's Metro?  There are very few stops outside of the island of Montreal, meaning that there are places I can't see and things I can't do because the Metro doesn't run there. But I'll suck it up and deal with my disappointment, because Montreal's Metro is, hands down, the most well planned and executed subway I've traveled in a long time.
4	When I travel to Montreal for business I have the pleasure of staying in a company residence.  The only downside is that the residence is quite a distance from the office downtown.  That being said, the Metro is right around the corner in walking distance.The Metro in Montreal is very clean, with some pops of graffiti here  and there.  Its used heavily and if you hit it at morning or evening rush-hour you will be guaranteed to feel the pinch of standing room only.The cost is so much better than taking cabs - believe me, that's what I did on my first trip, and have avoided it since!  Our stop does not go all the way to the office so once you arrive in town you just use your metro pass to hop on a bus and voila you'll find yourself at the front door of the office lickity split!My last trip gave me quite a bit of entertainment as the local pigeons lined up behind the yellow line along with us ... appearing to watch for an oncoming train!  Too funny!  (I grabbed a pic with the cell to prove it!)I'm a fan of the STM - both the Metro and the bus line!
4	Quick and easy, I like the STM. While I have visited Montreal on many occasions, it was my first time using the metro system. I didn't have the opportunity to use any of the buses but I found the metro (aka the subway) making it easy to get to the places I wanted to go. It was also ideal that one of the major connections, Berri-UQAM, was located underneath the bus terminal. I found the stations and metro cars to be clean and safe. Plus it's cheap. It's $2.75 per an adult ride, the same price as Toronto, but if you bought a weekly pass, it's way cheaper than TTC's weekly pass. Also it's more flexible regarding a traveler's schedule.All in all, the STM is one of the better metro systems we have in Canada. It made it simple for anyone who isn't familiar with Montreal to move around with ease.
2	We used the metro several times while visiting Montreal. Pros: relatively clean         user-friendly         decent price         nice and helpful staffCons: elevators are very rare, and it really sucks to carry a stroller up and down stairs several times a day! I just don't understand the logic. What do handicapped people do? I was lucky I had my husband to help me with the stroller. What does a mom by herself do? Frustrating.
4	If u don't mind the bums at every single station begging for change it is a very reliable clean system that gets u where u need to be!!
1	My last full day in Montreal started out with the STM.  I went to the Sherbrooke station which was right by my hotel and not knowing what exactly I needed to do I asked the gentleman in the kiosk about buying a one day pass.  He said that they didn't sell them there (even though everything I read said that during the summer months they do, but my sources could have been wrong).  He told me that I needed to go one stop down to the Berri Station to purchase one.  He also agreed to let me ride for free there.  That was the last good thing to happen for me on the STM.*On the platform I was accosted by a gentleman yelling obscenities and grabbing at me (not the STM's fault, but it sure didn't put me at ease to the safety of the system).*When I asked at the Berri station about the pass, I was directed to a kiosk with a big NO CASH PAYMENT notice.  When I tried to pay with my card I was informed that they don't accept American cards.  I was sent to another machine on the other side of the station to pay with cash.*I finally bought my ticket and tried to enter the turnstile.  No luck.  When I asked one of the staff, they tried it, found it didn't work and then told me there was nothing they could do.  I ended up walking back to my hotel, too tired to try anymore and having spent the past 2 hours just trying to get a ticket, not getting to see what I had wanted that morning.  Seeing as I'd spent the previous part of my trip walking everywhere with no problem, I think I'd stick to that next time.
4	Convenient subway system. Service now extends all the way to Laval, which you can't beat.Fast. During normal hours, trains come by quite often, unlike other cities I could name.Clean. Once I asked a janitor (in English) how to buy a metro ticket, whereupon he directed me (in French) to a kiosk where I could buy bus tickets. At least he kept the station clean. Luckily I was able to call my lifeline for directions on how to properly buy tickets. Bonus: They weren't expensive.Can't speak for the buses, but I love not having to drive.
4	In terms of Canadian transit systems that I've ridden so far, this is definitely my favourite. The changeurs (ticket collectors) and drivers are much nicer than what I'm accustomed to in the GTA (they actually help).The best thing though, is their OPUS card. I'd purchase one regardless of whether you're staying for a few days or a few weeks; it's a quick refill process in the fare machines, and it only costs $6. Best thing is, you can use it again for up to 4 years, so if you come back to Montreal again, no need to spend money on transfers and their Occasionelles! If you're not coming back, it's a nice souvenir, as not many transit systems here have magnetic cards anyway.If I have one issue with the system, their Metro should be a bit more frequent off peak; I think 6-8 minutes is too long of a wait for a system its size. There were instances where I waited an unreasonable amount of time for a train, when I was expecting only about a 5 minute wait or so.
3	My fiance and I took this underground train to and from the Olympic Stadium and Biodome back to a station within a mile of our hotel.  The STM is just another form of transportation similar to the San Francisco Bay Area's own BART. The system is efficient, convenient, and it is very easy to figure out, even if you don't know any French.  I would take the STM again because you don't need to hastle with finding  parking space in town.
4	A very good transit system!  Trains are clean and run pretty frequently.  The system is easy to navigate and reasonably priced.  NYC transit can learn a thing or 2 from Montreal.  The one thing I wished I knew beforehand was that the 1 and 3 day passes are also good on the airport shuttle.  That makes them a _great_ deal.
4	The STM is a superb subway system.  It is quiet, clean, well run, well staffed, efficient and cost effective.  Although it stacks up favourably to most of the worlds transit systems, for the purposes of this review, I'd like to compare it to the Toronto system - The TTC.Coverage:  The STM casts a wide net over Montreal.  Considerably wider than that of the TTC.  The Trains: Although the cars are somewhat smaller they are invariably cleaner, better lit and offer a much smoother ride.  They also manage NOT to damage your eardrums every time they stop in a station.The Stations: Even the rattiest STM station is still pretty OK and they are mostly kind of well, grand.  Pretty much the opposite of the whole Soviet surplus vibe going on in the TTCFares: $3 a fare for a one shot deal for both systems - However, the day pass on the STM is $8 compared to $10 for the TTC.  The STM shines a bit brighter in terms of offering a 3 day pass for $16 and a prepaid card system for both regular riders and frequent visitors. So - pretty much across the board - advantage STM
4	i love riding subways and busses and you don't realize how convenient public transit is until you move to a place that is car centric like me.Its relatively clean and appears to run mostly on time - compared to SF Muni which always under construction and delayed.I was able to go most places and with bixi in the warmer months - how great is that.
4	The 1-day/24-hour Metro ticket (8$ each) was an incredible deal for us as we zipped back and forth across the city. There were plenty of helpful maps posted everywhere and the directions and lines were clearly posted. I'd have to say that it's one of the easiest underground systems that I've traveled.The people hassling for change, the random man who pees on himself, and the lone musician playing for cash are pretty typical of things that happen on most underground transport systems around the world. It's just a little cooler here because it all happens in French.
4	The Montreal public transit system is pretty sweet. For $3 you can jump on any bus (heads up they don't give change) or metro (they do) and get to most places on the island. Most of the core metro stops were originally built right before Expo 67 - in other words, a bunch of urban planners and artists spent a bunch of money to make beautiful transit that would help showcase Montreal to the world. Each original station featured a different Quebecois artist, so sometimes you'll pop out of the metro below giant stained glass, or come up the stairs to face an enormous sculpted tree. The Mtl subway system is the most used system in Canada, the city has been coordinating forms of public transit since 1861 and you do get the feeling that, though not perfect, it's something Mtl takes seriously and tries to do right. The subway and buses are very clean and even kind of chic compared to Toronto or NYC's, and the system is simple to navigate: eg unlike other city's subways you won't have different trains running the same track, stopping at the exact same spot requiring you to read a sign on the train itself to make sure you've got the right one. In Montreal if you stand on the right platform, you're getting on the right train. The monthly pass is called the Opus card, it costs about $70 a month for unlimited rides if you're an adult, but you can also just buy 10 or 20 rides at a time on your Opus card and they won't expire at the end of the month - a sweet cheap option for a commuter like me who doesn't need to use transit every day. When you swipe your Opus card at the metro turnstile it shows you how many rides you have left so you know when to refill. It doesn't have a photo on it, but you can register your Opus card number at Berri, Jean Talon, Snowdon, or Lionel to protect you in case of loss or theft. If you're a visitor you can check out the 1 day or 1 week rates, but these have set start and end days and times that I find confusing personally. When folks visit me we just buy the $20 pack of 10 tickets - these can be used on the bus or metro, they include transfers, and they don't expire for a year (or more?) so whatever my guests don't use doesn't go to waste. When using these tickets on the metro just slide the ticket into the slot as indicated, wait for it to pop back up, then remove it and push through the turnstile.The metro stops downtown - eg McGill, Peel - connect to the underground malls, so you can shop and wander indoors for miles in the winter. Calling this an underground city is overselling it, but for mall basements connected by tunnels and metros it's arright.The metros generally stop running around 1am, except during nuit blanche when they run all night. There are useful night buses that run most of the major arteries, and the lineup for these at 3am is jovial, boozy and ridiculous (the one to Montreal West and the West Island leaves from Atwater). In general I've had great experiences with the drivers and staff at the metros and on the buses - special shoutout to the singing driver who is beloved on every route he drives. The staff are mostly but not always bilingual, but anyway all the automated tellers have an English option. There is confusion every time they change the system, but that's to be expected and doesn't happen too often. There was a brief period when STM bus drivers all seemed like jerks because they would drive away from passengers trying to cross the street or running up at the last second to catch the bus, but someone seems to have changed their mind about this jerkiness being a good idea and now they act like kind-hearted humans again, waiting that extra second for little old ladies trying to catch the bus, and things are much better.
4	The metro system in Montreal was definitely an eye-opener. Compared to NYC's metro system, Montreal's was heaven. The area was spot on clean and spacious, plus everything was put in an orderly fashion. There were stairs and escalators and panel doors that you just need to push to go through (no need to pull which is great for those that carry a shitload of stuff). The fares for the STM was fairly priced also. A 3-day unlimited was only $16, which is a great deal for tourists. They also have a 747 express bus that takes you from the station to the airport and vice versa for only $8. The platforms on the station are a lot wider and the lights are bright enough to see a person on the other end of the platform. The metro are a lot smaller, seatings are limited but overall can fit about the same about of people as does the NYC's subway does. The metro also runs a lot faster and doesn't have any signal or "sorry for the delay, there's a train directly in front of us" problems. Plus, the metro runs on rubber tracks not steel or concrete tracks. There are only 4 tracks and they're differentiated by color. The signs are also big enough for you to see with a coordinated color as the background. Montreal's STM is quite convenient and a lot better if you've used the NYC MTA before.
1	I have worked in the Tranportation for 37 years and this is probably the absolute worst for service, and the best in confusing the client. ie nothing labeled properly, machines for tickets so complicated no one can figure out, service not corresponding to the needs of the paying customer etc.. In my day to day travels I will now be listing the items in more detail.  This is focussed on the train service not the subway.
4	I still waiting for the day that Toronto Transit will have one of those opus card.Just love the area of just scanning through the reader and without worrying about transfers, tickets, tokens or change!!The Metro itself is not too complicated with just 4 lines designated by colours, it is not too easy to get lost.. maybe?The buses I found them really slow and not too frequent. I always have the urge just want to just walk then waiting!All the staffs are really helpful too..... maybe I just look too lost?!!
3	I am a big fan of the public transportation system in Montreal. I have relied on the system countless times to get me from Point A to Point B. I've had good experiences and I've had bad experiences. Just depends on who's working the shift, as you'll read below.....METRO: Very efficient. Good to communicate when a line is down or interrupted. Reasonably priced per trip and the map is easy to catch on to. I buy an AMT train pass that allows me access to the AMT train, the buses, and Metro. It is so convenient for me to recharge my Opus card every month. I have lost my Opus card once in the past, but I was able to get it replenished because I registered my card with the AMT/STM. I only paid for the new Opus card ($7.00), I did not have to pay for my monthly pass again. Big Bonus. I think the metros pretty clean too.BUSES: They are generally on time and trustworthy. Many good routes exist on the MTL island. There are times, however, when a scheduled bus doesn't pass at all or the driver passes right by your stop, claiming to be full, but we can clearly see that there is still space at the back of the bus. Some of the drivers are horrendous and rude. Most of them refuse to speak English or claim they can't speak it. Others have been really friendly and approachable. It all depends on who's workin' the shift.
3	Had a fun time on the metro. Easy to figure out. The only hard part was purchasing the tickets. They don't really take credit card (unless it's one with a chip) so we had to purchase them together (on one person's chip card). Also the attendants were unhelpful as they gave us some story about changing workers so they couldn't help us. In any case, it wasn't hard to figure out, their attitudes were just annoying.
4	What an easy to use system--and the guy at the ticket counter was helpful and nice.  I can't imagine service like this in New York or some other big city.For tourists, consider a day pass ($8) or a three day pass ($18).  The STM is clean, safe, and easy to use.  It is a cheap way to visit the many areas of Montreal.
4	A simple, user friendly subway system!  It might not go everywhere you want to go, but it's pretty reliable.I loathe driving when I'm traveling.  I'd much rather take public transit.  No getting lost.... no parking.... Anyways, it really does seem like a no frills system.  It can be a bit loud.  There really aren't that many seats.... but I don't need to be comfortable as long as I'm getting where I need to be quickly.The system is very easy to figure out.  The self service kiosks at the stations are very easy to navigate.Recommend!!
2	This review will break up the STM into parts.1. The metro. Runs quite smoothly, I haven't experienced a ridiculous amount of shutdowns (certainly not as much as Toronto), and it gets you where you need to go in the downtown area. Home to many nice ticket booth attendants, but too many language bigots who have been known to refuse service in English - why? Because their organization doesn't do anything about it. Fun!2. Busses. Relatively on time, but you can't necessarily count on it. They issue schedules often enough, but without 2013-appropriate tracking/GPS technology, it's a crapshoot sometimes. More anti-English drivers here. Again, because they can. 3. Fares. Keep rising because management can't control their ridiculous costs. Let the user pay - oh, but we want you to use public transit more! Those two messages don't co-exist. 4. Customer service. In addition to the childish, anti-social, anti-English incidents that are all too prevalent at the STM (and really, with an anti-English government, it's to be expected, eh?) you've got a ton of "customer service" employees who don't come close to understanding the meaning of "customer service." And I'm sure that their title is translated for them, so let's not blame a language barrier. Just called the service line and was hung up on - on purpose, after asking a simple question about whether a Service center was open. Was told to go there and see for myself. What? Excuse me? So I asked for the guy's name. Refused. He said "he was doing his job properly." Asked him what he was afraid of. "Nothing." So I asked for his extension. And then I had the line dropped. Absurd. But because it's a para-governmental organization, nothing happens to this guy. If I treated my clients the way the STM treats us, especially English people... Wow.
1	I would challenge anyone as a first time user of the AMT service to figure out what ticket they need ( and how to get it)  from the machines. Don't try to secure a ticket any time close to train time as you will miss the train trying to secure the ticket.
4	Over the years I had become so jaded by the public transit system that I was taking a taxi everywhere. However, this past year I decided that I would make some extra effort to use the metro and bus more often. I'm always surprised by how easy it is to take the bus! I have a bus stop right at my corner, it goes right to the metro and comes by about every 10-12 minutes during off-hours. There is even a rush hour bus that would take me right downtown if I wanted! For the positives, the buses, at least around my place, come frequently and though usually packed at rush hour, during off-hours there is usually plenty of space to get onboard. The metro can get me from one end of the line to the other in under 45 minutes, a car ride would take just as long and probably longer because of traffic. The rates are reasonable, especially compared with rates in other big cities.What I don't like are these new bus tickets. I can't even begin to count how many times my ticket doesn't work. The drivers usually let me pass, but still, it's kind of a pain. These same style of tickets work in DC/VA/MD so, make it work here guys! Another problem is bus schedules. Not every stop has a schedule posted, that's a problem, especially if I am not familiar with the bus route and so, I can't just walk to the next stop.All that said, I've managed to take the bus more often than not, and I've become a kind of expert at going roundtrip on just one ticket.
3	If you've ever been at the mercy of the STM, then you know how the whole system needs a major overhaul. However, in comparison to the MTA (New York City's public transport system), Montreal has it a lot better in some respects. So before having lived in NY I would have rated lower, but I can now appreciate the easy card system, the less sketchy subway stations, and the faster train rides. It's by no means a perfect system, but they do okay overall and I have come to appreciate what Montreal has in respect to public transportation (metro mostly).
2	I wasn't impressed with some of the bus drivers I recently rode with. One driver kept honking intentionally at other motorists, the other told off a motorist for blocking the road/bus stop. Public transit should set a good example.
4	I visited Montreal for the first time and the end of September 2013 and rode the city's subways. It was only a long weekend, but the experience was pretty good - particularly during the weekdays. The trains ran pretty quickly. And as a New Yorker, I thought the subway is pretty easy to navigate. I also like the multiple far options that the system provided - single fares, 2 ride tickets, 1 day passes, week passes, etc. If you want to save some $$$ while on vacation, the public transit in Montreal is definitely worth the try.
4	On my first visit to Montreal, I stuck with the Metro -- which was solid.  But the stations were pretty far from the Mile End and Plateau places I was trying to reach.  Bixi helped bridge the gap, but I was still new to cycling in a city.Then I discovered the fabulous 55 bus.  It runs "north/south" (which is a relative term in Montreal) right through the heart of Mile End, The Plateau, and Vieux Montreal.  It runs every 10 minutes (check the schedule to be sure), and the people on the bus late at night were friendly and cool.  What a pleasure.With Metro, Bus, Bixi Bikes, and the very rare taxi, there is absolutely no reason to rent a car in Montreal.  It will be a trip where you can eat all you want and not gain weight.
4	I used to really dislike the STM but having experienced other public transit systems elsewhere I now know that we're spoiled here in Montreal.  Yes there are service interruptions and buses sometimes fail to show up but overall it does a good job of getting you where you need to go.  I work downtown and if I were to drive not only would it be more expensive but it would also be longer because I'd be stuck in traffic.  Instead I hop on the metro and spend my commute reading and listening to music.The trains and buses are generally clean by transit standards and in more central areas they come frequently especially during rush hour.  Even during non-peak hours the trains come often enough.  Out in the suburbs bus schedules aren't as good but that is understandable.   The STM also operates the 747 bus service out to the airport which is significantly cheaper than taking a cab.My one major beef is with the anti-anglophone attitude some employees have and the sometimes lacklustre customer service.  I've encountered some really rude employees over the years.They offer a variety of fares so you can pick the option that best suits you.  There are monthly, weekly, 3 day and day passes.  You can also purchase single use tickets as well.
2	I'd like to excuse myself in advance for any vulgarity expressed in this review for my experience with the STM hasn't been the most pleasant.Okay so first of all I'd like to say that this review is not addressed towards DOWNTOWN STM but WEST-ISLAND's STM WHICH IS THE WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORSE PIECE OF SHIT SERVICE I'VE EVER HAD!FIRST OF ALL, I'd like to talk about the 217 and the 425. During winter, for some reason, there is 1 chance out of 4 that they simply DO NOT pass. No, not that they are late by 5 minutes... they simply DO NOT COME. Once I waited for 2 425s in a row and a 217. NOBODY came and I just decided to go back home and skip class. I came late to work 3 times in 3 months because the 419 was not there and I ran to the 217 bus to get to work late. It's AWFUL.Second of all, the drivers man... ha ha... Fuck. The 419 driver in the morning of Wednesday (12-11-13) who was not only late 10 minutes but also took the wrong turn following the 219 route and ended up doing a 15 minute detour to get to Fairview got me late for work. When I confronted him, he replied with "Hey, it happens, what do you want me to do?". Oh, I don't know. Maybeeeeeeee NOT READ THE JOURNAL WHILE YOU DRIVE. FUCKING RETARD. Believe I'm pulling this out of my ass, here, have a picture.https://fbcdn-sphotos-e-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn2/t1.0-9/1525254_10153618305210103_773641187_n.jpgI complained to the STM by email. I simply got a big fat "lol ok" from them. This is what happens when you have the monopole of something.I had bus drivers on numerous occasions that stopped in the middle of the fucking street to get something to eat at a dep! Thank you 217 bus driver for showing me that the STM sucks twice in a month. You're already late 9 minutes and you choose to stop randomly on a 1 lane road close enough to an intersection to incapacitate the circulation to buy yourself a can of Red Bull, a bag of Sunchips and a sandwich making me lose another 10 minutes then sit down at your seat for another 2 minutes to eat your fucking sandwich.https://scontent-b-iad.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/v/t34.0-12/1533505_10153648952985103_504751183_n.jpg?oh=9b8d9359fce3c4e43206e8ad17c48ab3&oe=53464855WTF! Here is a picture of the 217 driver that decided to STOP IN THE MIDDLE OF A 4-WAY INTERSECTION TO HAVE A CHAT WITH THE OTHER 217 DRIVER ABOUT BAD DRIVERS. HOLY SHIT PEOPLE. Are they like elementary school drop outs or something? They moved after getting honked for 2 minutes. A guy even got out of his SUV walking rapidly towards the bus.https://scontent-b-iad.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn2/v/t34.0-12/1081472_10153063301715103_644744380_n.jpg?oh=52d62ccfb7e5d0721c258f700188fed4&oe=5345F087Downtown it's almost perfect. Buses are never late or missing, metro is smooth, never had a problem with anything. In the suburbs, it is TERRIBLE.
2	I just got mongrel messages from the 217 driver who deleted his account before I could reply: http://i.imgur.com/s3gL7kr.png .Shame he didn't realize I get email notifiers.In response to his stupidity, I think we can all see why West Island STM is much inferior to city STM. The man admitted that he cannot even pack his lunches so he stops the bus during his route. For those of you that don't know, the 217 has 1 terminus right next to a family-like subway and a convenience store and the other one right next to a huge mall yet he feels the need to stop the bus half-way through the round while all the clients wait for him like dogs in a car.Now for my immature rant at a moron (Mitch. L.): Congratulations on a less than 30$ an hour career "dude". I'm in Software Engineering in Concordia. As soon as I finish my degree my hourly wage will be more than what you can get after 15 years of driving that taco around. Enjoy your sunchips while I enjoy 5-star restaurants!EDIT: Reuploading the transgressions since my pictures were reported for "Abuse". Nice one STM drivers.http://i.imgur.com/vuiEcyX.jpghttp://i.imgur.com/pBlGdXc.jpg
2	The stm is a great way to get around Montreal. Fares are reasonable and have many options for locals and tourists. Fares can be bought at opus machines in metro stations or some retailers such as jean coutou or pharmaprix.One thing I dislike about Stm is their front line staff... Don't get me wrong there are some great staff at the stm but the majority of them just stink! I remember one time I was on the route 51 bus and asked the driver nicely for directions in my broken french, the lady who was driving the bus asked me "do I speak French?" I replied "a little" and she says "well I do not speak english" and gave me a disgusted stare and started muttering something in French... I was like WTF??? I would of gave Stm 4 stars if the staff provided better customer service.
4	The Metro (subway) here covers quite a bit of ground in the core Montreal area and is fairly efficient.  I was able to travel to Little Italy, Old Montreal, Chinatown and Lachine Canal using this method of transportation and is much cheaper than a cab.  I believe it was $10 or $11 for a day pass and is quite worth it if you decide to traverse different areas of the cities. I liked the fact that they showed each stop electronically and helps compensate for any French language deficiencies you may have.  My only issue with the STM is that it is a bit hard to navigate to the Metro itself because sometimes you have to underground 2-3 times.  However once you are there, its quite easyOverall, while one of the smaller transit systems for a metro area in North America, the Metro/STM is quite well run.  .
4	This is the public transportation company of Montreal.  Bus and Metro (subway) system of the STM is terrific.  No need to rent a car when you are vacationing in Montreal.  Just take their public transportation system.  It is better than most other major metropolitan cities.
