4	I bought a discount coupon  for Park N Go recently that offered 3 days of parking for $7. With an impending trip on the way I decided to give it a shot and combined my coupon with the full price for a total weeks cost of $28. When I tried to book online ahead of time I noticed you could not use the voucher so I crossed my fingers and called twice to make sure they really would be running shuttles to the airport at 4:30 AM and that I wouldn't have to wait at all. While it worked out just fine I noticed booking online offered additional discounts that make parking extremely reasonable ($3-4 per day), so I really didn't even need to buy that coupon ( I save $4 or $5 ultimately). We didn't have to wait for our shuttle at all, it picked us right up at our parking spot on time in the early morning hours and returned us to the same spot a week later around midnight. They run two shuttles and are truly there around the clock. We spoke to a pilot who said he now only uses Park N Go because it's so easy and reliable. The service of both the person driving the shuttle and the lady at the booth was impeccable (she even offered us some bottled water for our trip home). My only minor complaint is that it's located right off the highway and so the lot accumulates a lot of dust and our car was really dirty after a week. If you factor in the necessity of a professional wash it can make the deal not so great.Overall though I will be using the service again as it was super reliable, fast, easy, affordable, friendly, efficient...you name it!
4	I used this airport parking service around Christmastime (about 7 days) based on a recommendation from a friend.  It was very affordable and the service was great.  We showed up, parked and were picked up by the shuttle immediately.  We also had some flight delays on our return, but Park N Go did not charge us extra for picking up our car after midnight. This is something I would hope for, but I understood it was not guaranteed.Affordable price, friendly staff, and good service. I would definitely use this service again.
5	I know that Park N Go is so great that when I go out of town and have to leave my car at the airport, I'm leaving it with Park N Go.  Yes, it does seem a little far from the airport, but it is not a long ride at all on the shuttle.When first pulling up to the place to drop off my vehicle, we were warmly greeted by the attendant.  I noted that she had a smiling face and was explaining everything cheerfully to us...at 5 in the morning.  Now that's good customer service!  She informed us where to park and when we were pulling into the spot, the shuttle service followed us to our car.The gentleman helped us with our bags and stuck them into the shuttle.  At 5 in the morning, he was cheery as well dropping us off at the airport.  The whole time from Park N Go to the airport probably was only a 10 minute ride.  Not bad at all, and the pricing of parking our car there was a very good price.  I would definitely recommend you to park here if you leave town for a few days.
5	Door-to-door service, complementary water bottle, and a free day if you book online (for bookings over 3 days)--all of these amenities plus incredibly friendly staff, is there any reason not to use Park N'Go Charlotte?  I certainly can't seem to think of one.  Also slightly cheaper than the Charlotte long-term parking and a faster, much less crowded shuttle.  The shuttle literally follows you to your parking spot when you enter and drops you back off at your car, I have also never waited more than 4 minutes for an airport pick-up.  I have used this parking twice so far, both successfully, and will continue to do in my future trips out of Charlotte.
5	Love it!  The only place I park now!
1	Be careful.  They used to be much better, service is deteriorating quickly.  Their buses are very bumpy.  Many drivers are very friendly, but some are not at all.  Parts of the lot are paved and other parts are gravel, because of this my car is very dirty when I come back.  They offer a 'service' to wash your car before you return, I find it ironic since sitting in their lot is what makes it dirty.  I shouldn't have to pay to receive my car in the same condition I left it in.On a different trip a few weeks before, I also paid extra for their valet service and watched as a bus drove right past and left for the terminal.  I was left waiting outside longer than even when I self park.
5	Park N Go provides a cheaper version of airport parking with exceptional service. You check in, park your car and they pull up in front of your car to take you to the airport. They will put your bags on the bus for you and take you to the terminal. Upon arriving back in CLT, all you need to do is call and they will send someone in about 3 minutes. They will take you directly to your car and put your bags in the car for you. Upon checking out, they even offer you bottled water. Every person that I delt with there was very kind and helpful. The online service was very easy and offered cheaper rates if you make your reservation in advance. I will be back!!
5	Pretty much like all the other reviewers say--it's convenient, it's cheap, and the people are really nice. Booked online, eight days was $43. Quick, door to door drop off and pick up. It's a no-brainer.
5	We used Park N Go for the first time this past weekend.  This is the only way to park!  They picked us up as soon as we parked and when we returned, we were back at our car in no time.  The drivers were friendly and helpful. I think we will continue to use Park N Go even after the construction is competed at the Charlotte airport.
5	PARK 'N GO is definitely the way to go--cheap, fast, convenient, clean, with friendly and very accommodating employees.  If you want to simplify the travel experience, this service is a must. Upon arrival I did have trouble finding the entrance to the lot, apparently I drove past it in the dark. The van met me at my car even before I finished parking, the driver loaded my luggage, and whisked me to the airport in no time at all.  I avoided all the hassle of airport parking especially since construction is underway at the airport in Charlotte. And did I mention it was cheap?  Prepaying online cost me only $21.78 (including tax) for 5 days.  Newspapers were provided in the van, but with such fast service there wasn't much time to read.  Only complaint is the temperature in the van was frigid.  Upon our return, the van was already waiting outside the luggage claim area (didn't have to call) and we were given ice cold bottles of spring water as we left the lot--so appreciated by two very thirsty travelers.  I will be flying again in November and will be leaving my car at Park 'N Go.  I'm sold on this service and will never be using another.
5	Will use this service from now on! Free paper. Extra courteous service.  Avoid airport parking traffic. Reasonable price.
4	I frequent Park N Go quite often since I am a road warrior for work.  During Thanksgiving, I suffered some challenges parking there due to the challenges at the Charlotte airport and the crazy construction.  Sadly, I was turned away.  However, the management staff at Park N Go have gone out of their way to correct the situation for the future.  They are honoring the loyalty of their customers by "holding" some spots for their loyal customers. Way to go Park n Go for recognizing an issue and taking the time to listen to your customers and correcting the issue.
4	I am a big fan of Park N Go! IMO it is much more efficient than parking at the airport. The bus picks you up right at your car, you don't have to worry about lugging your luggage to a bus pickup spot, and then upon your arrival they drop you right back off at your car, no walking around in the dark required. I have never waited more than ten minutes for a bus. I do always make a reservation to guarantee my spot and because the rate is even cheaper when booked online. I parked for four days for only about $17.The only thing they definitely need to do is pave their lot. I parked in a pretty far corner over the Thanksgiving holiday and that lot was flat tire inducing. I have usually parked closer to the entrance where the pavement is much more maintained. But, since their service is parking they could def make good use out of a pavement job.
4	Made and had to cancel a reservation.  So far it has taken 4 phone calls, several emails, and  I have not received a full refund.  I have been waiting for the manager to research my email cancellation request  for 15 days.   Hopefully this will be resolved soon.  PS. If you have a problem and ask for corporate contact--good luck!Update: Dec. 26.  Received a reply from the owner  He is going to remedy my payment issue.  I appreciate his commitment to customer satisfaction.
1	I decided to use Park n' go because the airport lot could not guarantee parking. My car was covered in bird crap and muddy because the lot is not paved. Also, I had to wait in line when I went to leave because the person in front of me had some problems. I gave them a second chance and when I came back to my car it was damaged because someone hit it. The company would not do anything and told me to call the police. I will not park there ever again.
5	When I dropped off my car, it was just a four star experience. Yes, better than the long term lots and yes, as good as the business valet.But when I returned to pick up my car, it was a FIVE STAR awesome. The driver stopped at my car first, the engine was running, the door was open, the trunk was open, and I was ready to jump into my car, pay and go. This is top notch.I am DONE with the airport's parking service. It's Park N Go for me all the time now.
5	Huge fan of Park n Go.CLT Airport is a mess with all the construction. The standard airport lots are a pain in the butt and if you don't mark down exactly where you parked, you could be searching for hours for your car.PNG takes some of the pain out of the process. For less than five bucks a day, they keep your car 5 mins from CLT departures and arrivals.But the real value comes from the service. They run shuttles constantly - I've never waited more than 5 mins after arrivals, and the bus helps load you FROM your car for departures. They also "remember" where your car is parked for you.Last couple times I used them, they gave me bottle of water on the way out.Love these guys.5 stars.
5	What is my definition of exceptional customer service? Providing services above and beyond what is typical for a company in a particular industry.What is my definition of being a dumba**?  Leaving your passenger-side window rolled down when you are flying out of town for 6 days.Yeah, I was that guy.  And Park N Go was that company that provided exceptional customer service.  I return to my car to find plastic very methodically sealed around my open window, protecting the water-averse leather interior from the elements.Also, the shuttles run very often between the lot and the airport so there was virtually no wait time during the departure and arrival transitions.Upon exiting the parking lot, I was greeted by a very pleasant lady who ensured my frequent parking account was credited with the accrued points.  She also offered complimentary bottles of water for my friend and I.  Thanks Park 'N Go!  You have a customer for life
5	Big fan, indeed. We've been parking here for a couple years and the service is always tops. Getting picked up and dropped off at my car is convenient. The little bottle of water they give you when you're heading home is refreshing!
5	Fantastic service! Everyone is very nice and helpful. The shuttle picks you up and drops you off directly at your car. The drivers are awesome! If you reserve on-line it's only $5 a day. Their system will the yellow ticket to find your car is super efficient. I just have to remember to bring cash to tip the drivers because they always go above and beyond.
5	Yet again another late night arriving at the airport (2am) and the folks at Park N Go didn't let me down. Time after time when the airlines mess something up I know that no matter what I can depend on these folks to take care if me, never fails. Kudos to the team in Charlotte for always and I mean always taking care of your customers.
5	The staff are always professional and courteous. I love the return to your car service. They have been so prompt with their service + I think the airport drivers could take lessons from the folks here. Highly recommend their company!
4	I love this place!  Ever since CLT started destroying and rebuilding its parking decks I have had nothing but trouble.  The daily decks are hard to find spots in, you can't walk to the terminal and the shuttles take a long time to come. The long term lot options are even worse.  My administrative assistant recommended that I try Park N Go for a business trip. I'll admit the facility/lot doesn't look like much, but they more than make up for it with their service.  No more having to remember where I left my car in a vast, unattended, unsecured lot, they pick me up in the shuttle behind my car, note my location on a ticket that they give back to me, and whisk me off to the terminal.  They have quite a few shuttles, and their model promises that you won't have to wait more than 5-7 minutes, which is a huge improvement over the service offered at other long term lots.  All of the staff are very friendly and nice to deal with.  They offer two pricing options - regular parking for $4.99 per day and "covered" parking for $9.99 a day. I have a soft-top convertible so I use covered - it's not complete protection from the elements, but better than baking my car in the Charlotte sun.I know there is business valet available for about the same price, but I like these people and their little business, so I will continue to support them.  I hope you will, too.
1	I got ripped off.  Granted I didn't bring my confirmation number with me, they could not find my reservation at the gate and when I called customer service, since date had passed - no refund was available. Will not use the internet to  pay for parking again.  I am pissed that I got screwed out of 28.00.
5	Several months that I've been using Park N Go and I regret not a single time with them. These folks are SIX stars good.Pros- Go with the "valet" service. Yes, it's a little more than their regular (but still cheaper than the airport's "business valet"). They will pick you up at your car (no waiting), they will drop you off at your car (you're the first off the bus) and they will have your car rinsed off and with the engine running and the trunk open. Bonus!- Bottle of water handed to you at checkout.- Frequent Parker Points - ten days of paid parking is one day of FREE parking.- Speedy checkout!- Very short (if any) waiting for a shuttle bus.Cons- I *once* had to wait four minutes in the checkout line on a Thursday night. That's no longer a problem as they have added a second checkout line on Thursday and Friday nights.- Maybe some of the buses could use some therapy but it's not that big a deal.Last night, I tipped the shuttle driver $2 for taking care of my rollaboard. He proceeded to hand one of them to the parking valet. I was *stunned* to see this teamwork. Really great to see.
4	I use these folks about 3 times per month as I fly a lot out of Charlotte. They do a great job picking you up at your car and at the airport. I never wait more than a few minutes at the airport. The staff is always very polite. Their prices are fantastic and much better than the airport supported lots. If they ever get that parking lot fixed this will be the best parking site at Charlotte Douglas Airport.
1	It's Christmas even and all long term lots at CLT are full so I remember someone telling me about park and go.I pull over do a google search on my phone and attempt to make a reservation. Their mobile site is messed up and won't let me click on continue without down loading an app. After several unsuccessful attempts to locate a phone or way around the app I decide to just drive there.I waited in line and when I got close a lady named Debra told me they were only accepting cars with reservations. I tried to explain that there mobile site wasn't allowing me to make one but she wasn't concerned about me in her words she had a lot full of cars who did make reservations.Instead I called Premier parking who found me a spot a mile away for $3/day. Needless to say I will never use park and go.
2	I've used them a few times & like the promptness & the way the drivers help with bags. However, the parking lot isn't in good condition & if it's been raining, you'll likely have to walk through huge, deep puddles. But the reason I won't be using them any longer is because today I showed up, parked, got on the shuttle only to see a sign taped on the window that said the rate would be increased to $6.45 a day through the holidays. I wouldn't have used them had I known this. And I think it was sneaky if them to not tell customers at the gate.Plus, they charge sales tax & the airport parking lots don't.I won't be back.
5	Thanks for great door to door cheerful service, thanks to the shuttle driver for jump-starting my truck and for wishing me God's blessing, thanks for the complimentary water bottles.  You folk are gold!
