1	If there was such a thing as zero stars- this place would be it! A friend a I went for Restaurant week and the food was nothing to ever go back to. We had the crab "cakes" which I am surprised they can even get away with calling it that- more like fried crab and mayonnaise balls. Then, we had both had a Chili and Coffee rubbed Scallops. They cut the scallops in half to make it look like more, dunked them in a oil bath and then poured coffee grinds and chili paste all over... mmm yummy!!! The best part of the meal comes with the check: they neglected to tell us that after a month of being in business, they still have not connect their American Express machine. When we went to pay, the server said "ohh we can't take that yet." To which my friend and I argued that we should have been notified ahead of time, what if we have nothing else to pay with?? The conversation gets so ridiculous that the manager comes over and tells us it's not his fault and there is nothing he can do so I will have to pay for the entire meal with cash or another credit card. "I told my servers to tell each table" he said. I'm pretty sure that's not a good enough explanation. I am sparing you tons of heated details... the bottom line is I give this place 5 months tops and it will be donzo!
3	So I have to stress that I personally am not a huge seafood fan at all, and most of the menu consists of some sort of seafood and/or exotic food I haven't experienced so the experience was a bit different for me. With menu items such as Ox Tail, Tempura Quail, Tenderloin over crab scallop potatoes, topped w/ shrimp was a bit overwhelming for me. I found a somewhat, 'safe bet'  menu item which was the "Osso Busco", which was a LARGE portion of pork that fell off the bone, atop some smooth potatoes. Not sure the type of sauce was used on the meat but it was very good, but the plate was definitely good for two people, no way good I finish it on my own.So I have to stress if you are open to trying new things, or use to exotic foods this is  the place for you but expect to spend anywhere from $18-26 for a plate. Appetizers run $11+. Our waiter was awesome, very fun and friendly, and being that it was the GRAND OPENING night, he tended to our table party of 13 very well. Last but not least the bartender pouring our drinks, pours a definite stiff one, so no worries on not getting your moneys worth. Cheers!
5	I've only eaten here once but it was really good.  I ended up getting the Chef's Special with Wine for $45 ($35 without wine).  The Chef's Special is a 3 course meal with different wine for each course.  You can select what kind of food items you want or do not want and the chef will make the items accordingly.  I took mine without seafood and beef.  The chicken that arrived in the main course was extremely good and the mushrooms that accompanied the chicken were excellent.  I have to add that I do NOT like mushrooms, but I gave them a try since everything else was so good, needless to say, I was not disappointed.The menu does have an exotic variety of food and can be a bit pricey.  The staff is really friendly.  The restaurant has a modern feel to it.  There's also a decent patio that overlooks the Scottsdale Waterfront.
4	This place is fairly new and still getting the word out. The atmosphere is very nice with a great sound system and visual displays. In addition, there is plenty of space and seating (yes, not just VIP) people. It is definitely worth checking out if you want something different in Scottsdale.
3	acua is closed
