4	Gyros King is located in Chandler Fashion Mall in the food court.  It replaced what used to be Hot Dog on a Stick there.  Prices range around 6.95-9.95 for an entree.  The ambiance is the mall pretty much.I went here for lunch with a few friends today.  Another friend of mine was raving about the hummus there.  I went with a standard Gyros Sandwich + Side Salad + Drink for 6.95.  It was a great price.  The salad was large with olives, peppers, feta, and beets.  The dressing was a balsamic.  Out of all the greek restaurants I've been to in Chandler, I was shocked to find this place had such a good salad.  The beets were an unexpected surprise, and the dressing was tangy.  The gyros had salad and tomatoes topped with gyros meat and tzatziki sauce.  The pita bread was warm and there was a lot of meat.  I think a few more sliced onions could've made it spectacular, but it was better than a lot of sandwiches I've had elsewhere.It wasn't 5 stars because the gyros could've used just a little bit of onions and maybe something else, but it was fantastic nonetheless.  It's my favorite greek spot in Chandler now to go to.
1	Had the taboule there. If it wasn't for me being as hungry as I was with little other options at the food court I would not have ate it. What was supposed to be bright green was bordering on brown. It resembled the color of canned spinach! Of course it looked like they threw a handful of fresh herbs in there to make it appear fresher and to get away with extending the life of this salad that should have just been tossed!! I had an upset stomach for 2 days after eating here. Yuk..
4	as an employee at the chandler fashion center,  I am always looking for a good place for my lunch break.  Gyro King is delicious, well priced, and the staff are super!  Definately a new favorite!
4	An OASIS in mall-land!  I have no trouble walking past the current crop of chain food factories... only one has the decency to call itself a factory... as in the old spaghetti.Here, on the outskirts of the dystopian food court of the Chandler Fashion Center, a small oasis of small-business pride and care, Gyro King!  Here you can enjoy fresh greek salad, generously adorned.  After walking a mile at 100 degrees from my middle nowhere ramada to get here (you want to know what's PRISTINE? -- sidewalks in Phoenix suburbs!), I may have been a little waxing-poetic about the salad, but hey, it's not FRENCH FRIES!Tried the King's Gyro Combo - generous gyro with side salad and a drink for $6.95. Tasty.  Umm.  Couldn't resist sampling the hummus, I am an addict.  As PeeWee Herman would say, haha! c-rrr-eamy! The verdict, here in the court, is A-OK. Not going to dethrone my favorite mideast hideway in San Luis Obispo, Jaffa Cafe, but so welcome and somehow appropriate here in the sonoran desert.   One could quibble and niggle, but seriously, if you are in these parts and want something passing healthful, fresh and tasty, Gyro King it is.  Support independent, small business!  Just say no to Food Factories.
4	I came here and ordered a gyro with side salad and I really did like it! I love the taste of the gyro and the salad was different but in a good way.Pretty healthy I would have to say.
3	This is Greek fast food in a food court.  For what it is, it's fine.  The portions are reasonably large, and the taste is reasonably good.  They offer a dozen or so items, either as entrees or as part of "plates" (with sides).  They also have daily specials.The "Greek fries" are just french fries with feta cheese on them.  Honestly, the feta was pretty weak.  Better just to get the regular fries if that's what you want.Not great, but not bad.  A nice change of pace from Panda or Sbarro or other food court kings.
1	This was a typical mall foodcourt crap place. The two combo plates for $9.95 each was a waiste of money. The schwarma was dry and pulled out of a holding bin and thown on flat top to heat through. The combo plate had chicken and kefta kabob both dry burned on the ends and again pulled from a holding bin. The hummus was tastelss. This place has no redeamimg qualities even for a mall food court. Yuck
3	I have two other local Gyro places that would definitely put this place to shame. But for what it is - a Gyro place in the MALL FOOD COURT - it's actually pretty good. Portions and prices are reasonable and they have pretty much what you would expect as far as menu selection. Considering the other options, this place is a much needed alternative, so hit it up!
3	Just ok, tasted kinda funny, but just ok
3	This mall location was enjoyable: friendly gal, quick order made right in front of me, generous portions, good flavor, very filling... nice option in the mall food court if you're tired of the other chains.
5	Good food for the price!!!
5	I know its weird 5 stars for a mall restaurant but I have developed a love for this place.  I admit I have not tried the gyro even given the name.  I love the swarma. Love the humas.  Always super nice. Always fresh. And they have dietcoke.
5	The chicken salad and chicken pita are the absolute best I've had period. And Greek food is my favorite food. If I lived closer to this place I'd be forced to get a second job to afford eating there daily.
4	This being one of the healthier places where you can eat at Chandler Mall, it's as good as any Middle Eastern restaurant you'd find in a plaza. I had the falafel pita for about $6.50. An additional Greek salad with a drink is an extra $3.50. Not the most economical place to go for that Middle Eastern fix. Their falafel is big and flavorful. Their baklava is well priced at $1.75. The two ladies there (one was named Zina) were friendly and served me speedily with a smile. I even got to try out my Arabic with Zina, ha ha.
1	There is black mold on the food!!!!Don't ever eat here you can get really sick. I told them and showed them after we already had a bite and they didn't care. So messed up
1	Umm how can I put this in words...GROSS! I got the gyro and I could only stomach one bite! The sauce was absolutely not authentic, runny and nasty! Guess I should stick to Niro's Gyros!!
