4	As far as a W hotel goes, this one is nothing special. Still, nothing special here is pretty darned good. They follow the whole "Whatever, Whenever" attitude and it is pretty much as you might expect it to be. They are dog-friendly as well. Of course, this being Montreal, everyone is 100% bi-lingual so if you don't know you're French, don't worry. The "club" bar on the main floor is your typical euro-trash mess so don't bother. There is a second bar on the mezzanine level that is actually a really cool and low-key place to lounge but still have that whole "see and be seen, I'm at the W" thing going on. This hotel is nice because it's located centrally to everything: Downtown, the Old City, the subway. There's (almost) nothing you can't walk to from here.Coolest/Creepiest/Buyer Beware: Most rooms in this hotel have a very odd feature. The shower is separated from the bedroom by...a clear sheet of glass. So, if you plan on sharing a room you better be comfortable seeing your roomate naked or with leaving the room entirely until they're done. Just some useful info...
4	After a six hour flight from San Diego to Montreal, I just want to fall into a wispy cloud and relax. The chic W Hotel in Montreal was a welcome relief  like a wispy cloud, a good outcome after enduring a napless flight and a taxi ride in rush hour traffic.Located in the heart of Montreal, sits W Hotel, discreetly established between the office buildings. From the W Hotels I've visited, all the hotels carry a progressive, stylish feel while still maintaining a professional and efficient service to match the more established, posh four and five star hotels; the Montreal W is no exception.  The staff is more than accommodating to my every request and went the extra mile to ensure a fabulous and memorable time in Montreal. The accommodations in Montreal is quite large and the king size bed is so comfortable that you'll have a hard time getting out of bed once you've situated yourself for the night.The only thing that I was disappointed with at the Montreal W was an absence of a swimming pool or sauna. They didn't have one. Also, the gym was tiny with several ellipticals, treadmills and free weight - yes, I'm spoiled and was expecting a full service gym. Nonetheless, the W Montreal still rocks!
5	The W Montreal is one the nicest W hotels. The complete design and layout works very well. Good reception area, nice lounge, good restaurant, some of the sexist hotel rooms around. The Wow suite is wow and the Fantastic suite is fantastic. If you are a fan of the Mondrian in LA, Royalton in NY, or The Cliff House in SF; then you will appreciate this hotel. The whole package here is much better and for the money much better. Great place to stay anytime. Service is friendly and very nice. Charming staff. I have slept here over fifteen times.
5	I am a big fan of Starwood hotels and have decided I want to work for this company someday (for the discounted room rates of course, natch) and now am a HUGE fan of the W hotels after staying here.  I was with a friend who was a platinum card holder and they treat you like absolute royalty, it was awesome.  We stayed in the fantastic suite and the absolute coolest part about it was that you get a complimentary iphone during your stay. The iphone is meant to double as your concierge and provides restaurant recommendations, club recommendations, etc. We had some problems with lost luggage, and Patrick the "real" concierge was so awesome, he was more worried about it than we were and would text us on the iphone with updates while we explored Montreal.  David H. is right on about the comparison to the Clift or the Mondrian, it also reminded me of the Hudson in NYC. I TOTALLY agree with Karman, the whole staff is gorgeous.  Then again, most everyone we met in Montreal was good looking. The W staff, however, was also extremely nice.  Beyond nice.  I wanted to bring them home with me.  Especially Alexander the valet dude.  Pitter patter....phew....Apparently, fyi, the alcohol police are pretty strict in Canada, and you are not allowed to drink outside the walls of their bars/lounges.  I did not know this, and we found this out after taking a bottle of wine and downing it in the upstairs lounge area.  They were super cool about it, however, so just watch where you take your alcohol.  I LOVE, love this W.
5	There is no place I would rather stay in Montreal. I can't describe the feeling of a nice shower after a long flight, overlooking my room and the entire city. Not to mention the fantastic food, booze and company in the hotel Bar and lounge. I won't stay anywhere else when visiting! The W hotel prides itself with impeccable service, but the Montreal location outdoes itself. It's truly a unique/memorable experience.
5	When they say there motto is whatever, whenever they mean it. Whenever I've traveled to Montreal before I have always stayed at great B&B and never considered staying in hotel. With the W Montreal I had even higher level of service as well as a bathroom that is the same size as my bedroom in SF. We stayed there for six night and would go back again!If you travel for business, want to splurge or find this hotel for a good deal on priceline, don't hesitate to book a room here.We had a room on the 9th floor with two queen beds, a huge bathroom with a deep soaker tub for two and good size but not huge room.If you are looking for over the top or old world charm, the W chain is not the right place for you. The decor is modern and sleek while not being cold. I did find it annoying that the only drinking water in the room were 8 dollar bottles of water rather than having a drinking tap like they do in W in Europe.I tried every free service I could think of at the W. I got pillows off the pillow menu, had them send up shaving kits and bubble bath and found the concierge to be great and very accomodating.The big treat was the bathroom that was deep soaker that filled all the way to the top. We personally loved that the bathroom was open to the bedroom (there are floor to ceiling curtains that can be drawn) and loved the seperate rainfall shower and the great view while soaking in the tub. The colour combo of blue and brown could look dated in just a couple of years and the blue curtains did remind me of a hospital a bit. All the furnishings were in keeping with the style and I loved the jumbo airchair and the fact that we were both able to work from the room and have room to spread out our work.It was a bit odd that the lobby was always set up like a nighttime venue and that when when the club was open we had to show our roommate card to get past a doorman. The location actually worked great both for work and for hanging out in old montreal and on the plateau. The metro entrance is right in front of the hotel. The service was the best service I've had at a W and that's saying a lot since I've always had good service.If money isn't an issue and you like modern design then this is a no brainer as the hotel for you in Montreal.
5	I stay in hotels all the time and as i am planning my next business trip, i find myself thinking back at my stay here in june/july.Best hotel ever! I wasn't even SPG Plat yet (gold at the time) and I got bumped up to a suite quickly and easily. The room was beautiful & staff extremely helpful and wonderful."Living" here totally made the difference during my extended stay in Montreal. The only gripe i have to make is the food at the restaurant is so-so. Breakfast is okay i guess... but skip it for dinner. The waitresses are really... nice... though... Anyway, I'll be back for sure!P.S. Awesome place to party on Wednesdays and Thursdays. Of course, as a guest of the hotel - no waiting in line! Booyah!
2	"filthy unsanitary rip-off after being repeatedly trashed by partiers"overall:even with a free night and free breakfast, it was still a rip-off. nevertheless, i can't deny how great the location and staff were (but i give more credit here to the city and people of montreal than to the starwood hotel group).pros:1. location - walking dist from ste. catherine and vieux montreal2, transportation - entrance to metro is in hotel basement, bixi rack is across street, and easy to hail cabs3. view of sq. victoria (from some rooms is great)4. trendy decor and spacious open concept design (contiguous bedroom/bathroom space)5. staff is very friendly and helpful6. lounge - a great meeting place before heading out with friendscons (based on experiences with two different rooms):1. cleanliness - this hotel is obviously for 20/30-somethings who like to party, which is fine as long as the cleaning crew does its job well. that it doesn't, and it's apparent in the pubic hair left on bathroom floors, grime left on toilet seats and shower walls, and general mustiness in the air and on the linens.2. cheap, worn out furniture and appliances - it appears that the w hotel has adopted the ikea strategy of using cheap stylish furniture which looks nice when new but crappy with any substantial usage. the hotel obviously gets heavy usage from young people (who themselves have ikea furniture at home) and it's evident in the scratches, dents, and dings in all the furniture (bent curtain rods, torn chairs, scratched up bed frames, dried-liquid splash marks on various furnitures). additionally, some of the amenities are low quality (hair dryer and towels) and the a/c wasn't functioning well enough to pull moisture out of the air (necessary with an open concept design) so it generally feels humid in the rooms.3. bad smells - hallways occasionally smell like vomit4. otto restaurant - unimpressive food. don't settle for culinary mediocrity in a city like this!5. wunderbar - in a city like montreal, where nightlife abounds, i prefer my hotel to be a place where i can retire comfortably after a long day or night out. having a popular bar in the hotel makes it convenient to party (and bring hook-ups back to your room), but makes it difficult to rest on the weekends.
5	As title suggested, I had a VERY satisfied stay at this property.  Arrived on a sold-out weekend (which is very common at this property), from the moment that I stepped in, I was instantly "in-Love" with this hotel.Check inThere were only 2 clerks so there was a bit of line but it is not as bad.  There are signature W drinks, Apples, and some cheesecake bites for you to enjoy during certain times of the day. Its located on the side of the Welcome Desk.Room/SuiteI received Fantastic Suite.  In this property there are Extreme Wow, Wow, Fantastic Suite (junior suite), Mega room (with 2 Queen Beds), and Wonderful room.  Fantastic Suite is very nice. Its a junior suite with swivel TV between the living room and bedroom area.  Large chiase sofa and working desk in the living room portion.  I love the bedside table. Its the laminated blue color (see picture). I asked the concierge why there are so many blue color in the room. He told me the blue is the official color of MOntreal so the hotel used alot of blue to decorate.  Bathroom is very big open plan bathroom (with see-through showers).  There are curtain to divide the living room and bathroom area but I know this can be an issue to family.  However, not an issue for me. The Bed was very clean and sheets/liens were all in the perfect condition.PoolNo Pool at this propertySpa/Fitness CenterLocated in the basement level. The "Away Spa" is located in the SS1 Floor offers some massage n facial services (no steam room / jacuzzi of this kind), due to limitation of spa facility size, there is no Bliss spa at this facility.  The Gym (Sweat) is located a level below that. There are only two elevators at this hotel but only one goes down to the gym so you have to either take that elevator (on the right) or u have to go via spa entrance.  Gym is equipped with modern gym facilities and its very well-kept clean.Staff/ValetThe valet and staff were excellent. Most staffs were very friendly and seems like to enjoy their job.  I had an issue where my aerobus driver forgot to pick me up.  They were really helpful and trying to contact them for me and offer me alternative solutions to the airport.LocationLocated right across street from metro station (Victoria Square).  Easy access to everywhere in downtown Montreal. Easy 10-15mins walk to old town Montreal. 10 mins walk to the Shopping area in Montreal too.  Montreal is VERY SAFE to walk at night (I am a solo traveler and couldn't feel any safer).OverallThis got to be the BEST hotel in Montreal (for young generation) and I did run into some business people who had the meetings there, and a family.  They all LOVED this hotel! This hotel's occupancy rate tells you how much people love this place. If you want to have a wonderful getaway, this is the place to be!*** I have to add that Concierge Daniel was the best concierge I have met so far.  He was very knowledgeable , professional yet humerus.  I believe the staff /service is the big factor to make a hotel to be "good".  Thanks for the good management and staffs at this property, I am very pleased and would definitely recommend this property to my friends.
4	I stayed here with some friends for New Years eve last year and had a wonderful time.  The staff was very attentive and not snooty, which often happens around New Years when Americans descend on Montreal and destroy the place.  The service was great, the concierge staff was very helpful in finding restaurants, clubs, etc.  For New Years eve, they turn the lobby, the two bars and the restaurant into one big nightclub.  They did a very nice job.  I would go back in a second this year if Montreal wasn't so darn cold!
4	I absolutely love the ambiance of the plateau lounge.  That was the only part I've been to at this hotel.  The drinks are a little over priced but then again you are in a part of a Hotel.  You should expect it.
5	wowWowWOwWOW!The W Montreal is the definition of decadence. From the decor, to the service to the locale, everything about this hotel is spectacular. We had a large party, 12 to be exact, spending New Years in Montreal and the staff at the W, especially concierge Mireille, made our trip worthwhile. The hotel is located in the smack center of downtown with a connection to the underground city. The Metro stop is literally across the street. Our rooms were gorgeous. From the comfy beds, to the large bathrooms (even though the bathroom lacked a door and had a see through blue curtain), it was still a gorgeous room.This hotel does seem like the place to go on the weekends, though. The bar downstairs constantly had a wait to get in around midnight and it was always packed with young locals. All in all, the W did not disappoint. Great service. superb locale and helpful staff make this the place to stay when you arrive in Montreal.
4	I usually don't Yelp about hotels, but this one was cool. Not because it was a W nor because of the rooms as I found them to be a bit odd. But because of the Otto's restaurant and the Plateau lounge. So first about the rooms. Since I had convinced the guys to join me in Montreal, we doubled up in two rooms. The rooms are relatively large with nice appointments, but the bathroom is weird. There is no physical door separating the bathroom from the room. There is a large blue curtain that you draw and that's it. There is a separate room for the toilet, but the shower is just another white shower curtain away. The bathtub is just behind the blue curtain. It is a very sexy theme, but not when you are sharing with another buddy. Not to sound immature, but you wanted to either 1. leave the room when your buddy is showering, or hide underneath the covers. What you don't do is leave the window curtains closed and have the only light source be from the bathroom....no thanks.... So, Otto's. We ate there the first night. Nothing special. Italian cuisine. Standard stuff, nothing to blow you away. But the servers. Wow! They are fun and amazing. They are fun, friendly and very good looking. The drinks are reasonably priced too, but you just don't notice as you're whisked away to land of bar fairies dressed in little black dresses catering to your every whim...okay, not every whim, but I was drinking, let me fantasize. I think we spent an inordinate amount of time sitting at the bar at Otto's. If you go, you'll know why. Won't forget their names; Florence, Maria, Irina and Karen. There are plenty more. Upstairs are Plateau is a bartender named Alexis. Woah. She is a wealth of knowledge as to places to go. All in all, a pretty standard hotel plus the sexy bathroom setup, but definitely a cool place to hang out as well, but that is what you expect from a W. If I have to go back to this fun forsaken, mediocre food tasting city (less Schwartz's smoked meat house), I will be at the W.
5	Funky decor, amazing service. My brother, his fiancee, and I had an amazing stay at the W hotel last winter in Montreal. I was blown away by the amazing decor that they had from the lounge to the rooms that they had. Good thing that my brother and I had different rooms -- the showers were see through, which would've been quite awkward.Other than that, beautiful place to stay in.
4	I booked the W fairly last minute, based on locations and reviews. I was a little concerned as the W in SF is a little tatty and gets mixed reviews. I needn't have worried - the W in Montreal was outstanding. I think my husband and I managed to use every service available except the spa during our quick 2 night stay - room service, DVD rental, being chauffeured in the hotel's Acura, using the concierge to make last-minute dinner reservations, etc. The staff couldn't be nicer, no matter what we asked for. Three examples:- the mini bar fridge was warm when we arrived and the hubby didn't want a warm Molson Ex. The serviceman who came up to fix the fridge brought a cold Ex for the hubby, free of charge.- the room service wine list wasn't particularly good, so the hubby went down to the W's restaurant Otto to see if he could get a bottle from their list instead. Initially they said no, but the manager relented after agreeing with hubby on the quality of the room service wine list. We paid the restaurant price for the wine, which was superb, rather than an inflated room service price.- when we were checking out at the un-Godly hour of 4 am, we mentioned that we hadn't received our 3:30 am wake-up call, nor had a taxi been ordered as requested. The front desk comped us the second day of our stay for the inconvenience. Unbelievable!I can't give the W Montreal 5 stars for one reason: the room we had faced the inner courtyard which isn't very appealing and was on the 3rd floor, right above the nightclub. The music from the club, while not super loud, could be heard into the wee hours. At check-in the front desk had mentioned that we had been upgraded to an outward-facing room but we couldn't wait until the official check-out time of 3 pm to get into our room. I would definitely stay at the W again the next time we're in Montreal - in a room higher up.
4	We had a great stay for 3 nights over labor day weekend. The hotel was close to everything and the staff was super friendly. Facilities were very clean and contemporary. The only issue was the thin sound barrier between our room and the next through the adjoining door. Our lovely French speaking neighbors were up way late talking very loudly which eventually turned into some noisy passionate lovemaking. Thankfully we only had to deal with that for one night. Overall, it was a great experience!
4	staying here on points for our babymoon/annimoon for 4 nights. got upgraded to the fantastic suite. interesting layout with the open bathroom to the bed and tv area. not really feeling the blue/teal floor to ceiling curtains. too ikea for me. typical modern w hotelish decor...usually i'm not into the super modern hotels but this was a fun experience. really enjoyed the big sofa/lounger/2nd bed with the swivel tv in the room. spent lots of lounge time on this piece of furniture. :) the walls are somewhat thin, neighbors just got home and they seem to be arguing? we stayed in room 919. utilized mirelle at the concierge and she was very knowledgeable. she hooked us up with last minute rsvps to fereirra cafe and au pied du cuchon. :) bliss spa products are always welcomed as well...
5	If you're wondering what the W stands for, it stands for WICKED AWESOME!Planned a trip to Montreal for NEW YEARS '09, taking advantage of a 2 for 3 night deal. The person at reservations failed to give me the free third night, but one of the Managers called me the next day and offered me and my girlfriend complimentary massages. This is exactly the type of service that you can expect from the W Montreal, and it reflects on each and every part of their staff. The W Montreal's concierge service is one of the best that I have experienced. Their motto should really be "Whenever, Wherever" as they helped assist me in mapping out every aspect of my trip. It is such a chic hotel, and you really can't miss out staying there. Their NEW YEARS party was the best that we saw on New Years Eve, and even though we ventured out to three other parties at nearby locations, we quickly ended up right back at the W's upstairs lounge. Call Francois Patulli, the W 'Insider' for any assistance, he'll make sure your trip is as enjoyable as mine was.
3	I've stayed at probably 30-40 Starwood properties worldwide, but this was my first W experience.This is a hotel aimed towards young people. It is trendy and hip, with three (yes, three) bars/lounges/clubs on the premises. At night you have to pretty much flash your key card to get past the velvet ropes and into the hotel. I'm young but wasn't in a clubbing mood the weekend I visited so I didn't get to explore the on-location nightlife. Probably not the best for a family vacation.Location: Very good. Walking distance to both downtown and Old Montreal.Concierge: Fantastic, super helpful, and willing to take extra time to make sure your dinner reservation/itinerary is perfect.Rooms: Very hip and trendy, but not as "functional" as I would have hoped. Like I said, the layout is quite modern and as the W is known for, the lighting is quite "mood-lighting-esque" and loungey. The design is nice and romantic. Downsides: Things just don't work as well as they look. The shower is massive and has one of those overhead rain-shower heads 10 feet up. It looks nice but the shower pressure is weak and forget about decently washing anything but your hair and shoulders. The bathroom is open to the bedroom area with only a blue shower-curtain type thing to separate the two. The same teal shower-curtain-esque curtain is used for the windows. Kind of weird.The iPod dock does not work. It did not have all the cables required. So while the design is nice, it is not as functional as I would have liked. All in all, a good location that gave me the platinum upgrade. Next time I visit Montreal, I'll probably explore some of the other properties.
4	Stayed here for one night in early January. Checked in quite late on a Sunday night. Too bad the bar wasn't open, a friend had told me the bar there is great! Booked a Wonderful room through my Starwood points. The room isn't that big, but a decent size. Well-decorated. Modern & chic. Bed was really cozy & comfy. The shower in the washroom is clear glass, not much privacy - if that's what you're looking for! It's pretty cool though! The bath products are Bliss. I was really excited for that, Bliss products are awesome! Lemon & sage, smelled so good! The front desk was really helpful - we had some issues with swiping to get upstairs to our room w/our cards. Green tarty apples at the desk - perfect after a long-night of partying! We kept our bags at the hotel after we checked out to check-out the rest of downtown. Very accommodating and helpful staff. And only in Montreal, will you check-in, look over and see a guy dressed up in a floor length fur-coat & top hat, a la Willy Wonka. So random. Love it!
4	I was recently in Montreal for a days worth of work and decided to stay at the W as I love this hotel chain. If you've never stayed at a W, it's a boutique hotel that is part of the Starwoods chain.  They're all pretty modern, chic and most importantly clean.Upon arrival I was greeted by multiple people before being checked in.  When I went to check in they upgraded me to a larger room.I was checked in, given my key card and I went to drop off my bags.  I walked into the room and noticed it was very large.  I really like the look of the rooms.  There were separate rainfall shower, tub and toilet.The rooms come with a nice sized LCD television, ottoman's and a nice chair, alarm clock with an iPod docking station.  Just a note that with the newer iPods, the dock may not charge it.I ordered some room service and the staff was extremely friendly!  The food was ok but like most hotel food, drastically overpriced.The bar on the second floor was nice.  It was dimly lit with some nice coloured lighting around the walls and candles around the tables.I wish I could give this place a 4.5 but I can't so I'm going to stick to a 4 rating.  I highly recommend this place as I like it a lot more than most of the other hotels I've stayed at in Montreal.
4	This hotel exceeded my expectations in many ways, most of which had to do with the great service. After one night of staying in a very petite room, we were upgraded to a VERY large and luxurious suite for the rest of our 6 night stay. the double sinks and soaking tub in the bathroom were a blessing. The bathrobes were a slice of heaven. After a few days, we found out that the W offers free rides in a brand new Acura to anywhere within about a 4 mile radius. This saved a lot of moolah and was very convenient. The fitness center was a real treat. I seldom take advantage of hotel fitness rooms, because they are usually dingy, unimpressive, and make exercise more of a chore. The fitness center at the W was spa-like with all of the essentials. I went everyday and got a jump start on my summer workout routine. the wunderbar on the second floor was nice and relaxing. The drinks were not as miraculous as their cutesy cocktail menus let on, but still a pleasant experience. My complaints are the following: When you walk in the hotel, it is extremely dark and almost hurts your eyes when you come in from the sunshine. The stocked minibars in the rooms are excessive. I would rather fill the mini fridge with my own drinks and food rather than look at 50 bottles of beer and liquor everywhere. Same sentiment goes for all the knick knacks and snacks that are marked up 600%. The lower club/lounge is way too small to accommodate all of the people that were there. I don't want to brush up against odorous sweaty men every turn I take. The shower situation was interesting and definitely not kosher if you are travelling with anyone other than your significant other. I like to shower in private and not be surrounded by glass walls. The W boasts these great rain shower heads, but unfortunately there is not much force behind it. the shower pressure in the first room was quite despicable and made showering unbearable.The fee to print or fax was astronomical and was a slap in the face considering you pay so much to stay already.
3	Average W Hotel.
3	Plateau lounge: good, but could be better.  Montreal is definitely in need of better places to get a nightcap, and this certainly misses the mark by NY standards.  The music was forgettable and the bartender had no idea what vodkas they served, but otherwise, it's fine.
1	This is the worse W I've stayed at and I've stayed at a lot of them.First huge mistake let's just get it out of the way: from 3-5pm there is no bar open. They have 4 bars and not one of them is open. Are you kidding me? First, this is supposed to be the "W Living Room" vibe. Second, This is Montreal - a 24 hour city where people want to get a drink. What a joke - such terrible biz!It was hard for me to get past this fact...and of course, no food during that time either. All the other Ws in NYC,  Chicago, London, FL, LA, etc have round the clock drinks and service - afterall, they want you spending money at their hotel, not leaving.Next, the rooms are not conducive to sharing. At all. Even if you get past the sharing a bed situation, the shower is like a fishtank 2 feet from the bed - wide open floor to ceiling non-frosted clear glass with straight through viewing to the toilet. So to be bunt, someone can be laying on the bed and watch one person shower, and see right through to another person on the toilet. And they make no mention of this when you check in.And when you do get in the shower its a shitty one at that - its mounted about 5 feet above your head on the ceiling so by the time the water gets to you, it feels like someone is taking a tinkle on you. Girls Beware: If you have thick hair, getting the shampoo out is a chore. Next, when the bar did open they could not fund any menus and were out of many items to make their "signature mixed drinks". we opted for a bottle of Champagne and got out of there.Pains me to say this as I ONLY stay at Starwood Hotels ( I am a whore for my points ) but I will never stay at this hotel in Montreal again. Points or not.Standard W Hotel beds do exist here so you will get the same W sleep you are used to - although not feel quite showered and w/o a cocktail.Two positive things: 1) The concierge was very nice and someone I think he had heard my gripes from others before. Really...back to the no bar open from 3-5pm 7 days a week bit - cmon!2) the Metro stop is right in front so its easy to get the hell out of there
4	I just returned from a short 3 day / 2 night trip to Montreal, and of course, I stayed at the W.  As usual, the desk staff was great and the concierge was friendly and helpful.  Speaking of the concierge, I had a rezzy at a very popular restaurant that I needed to move at the last minute.  The concierge called on my behalf and rapped with the restaurant host in French and said something about calling from the W and we were able to move the reservation - something I know I would not be able to do on my own.We stayed in a Mega room - a good sized room with a queen bed and a massive bathroom, that had a deep soak tub (the wife loved the tub).  I like how there is no real wall between the bathroom and the bedroom area, just a curtain.  The colors in the room are dark (grey/blue/black), but it is soothing and cave-like - perfect for relaxing and mid-afternoon naps.The great thing about this place is that there are 3 bars and a restaurant (with a patio) on premises - so there is plenty to do without having to leave the building.  Also, it is chic, modern hotel on the border between the financial / shopping area (St Catherine, etc.) and Old Town Montreal - the best of both worlds.  This hotel was great the last time I was here over 2 years ago, and I am happy to report that it is still fantastic.
1	My husband and I travel a lot and stay at a lot of hotels.We booked what was the next to "cheapest" (at over $400.00 it's not really cheap, is it?) room they had.  We were just staying two nights and did not plan to spend too much time in the room so we figure so long as we had a clean room with a king size bed we would be all set.When we got there we were cheerfully told that we had been upgraded from a "cozy" room to a "wonderful" room.  It was explained that this room would have more space.We were also offered a special "service".  I forget the name they used but if we used this "service" we would get the satisfaction of being "green".  What was this service?  While we would get extra towels so that they would last us the three days and enough shampoo, soap and T.P, once they stocked our room with these things we would get no maid service.  Our bed would not be made, the bathroom would not be cleaned and the carpet would not be vacuumed. How is this being green?  I'm not sure.  We declined even though the way they tried to make us feel guilty was so endearing and tempting.We got to our room to discover that we had what looked like a full size bed.  I'm pretty sure it would've been physically impossible for the room to be any smaller: take one step and there's the bed, a step to the right and stub your toe on the desk. Turn around and stub your toe on the oversize chair almost obscuring the TV.  I cant' even picture how small the "cozy" room must be (I suspect it does not even exist and they tell everyone they have been "upgraded")We called the desk to let them know that we had booked a king size bed and that's what we wanted.  We were informed that we were wrong but if we wanted to upgrade to a king size we would have to take the only one left  in the whole hotel which was booked to capacity and which was on the third floor and this was not recommended as the noise from the bar would be unbearable.  Would we like to check the third floor? Before going downstairs to check the room my husband looked at the confirmation email which clearly stated we had booked a king size bed. After my husband showed the person at the desk the reservation email she miraculously found a room for us on the 9th floor.  I guess they were not so booked after all.Once we got settled we discovered that Wi-Fi connection would cost us $15.00 a night.  Hurrah!  Amazing how roadside motels can manage to let you connect for free but this overpriced place can't afford to.The cherry on top of this experience was all the bizarre charges they added (valet parking even though it was included in the original price.  Sending a fax that we never sent, and other obscure charges).Never again will I stay at this place and I will be sure to avoid other W hotels.
5	I was forced to make a last minute trip to Montreal, which I was a little stressed out about, but it ended up being an amazing vacation!  My room was gorgeous, very spacious (but dark) with an open bathroom.  The bathrrom had a separate shower and tub, but I only used the shower.  I only had a slight issue with the rainfall shower, as I would have preferred a higher pressure, and with the somewhat cheap looking blue curtain between the room and the bathroom as a means to afford some privacy.  There was no pool, but they did have a gym and free Wi-Fi.  I also indulged in a mini-spa day and it was absolutely wonderful.  Before I was never really into the spa experience, but after this visit, my mind has completely been changed.  I had a body wrap, massage and facial.  Both of my attendents, a male and a female were very professional and the whole experience was very soothing.  The W is located within walking distance of Old Montreal, is next to a Metro stop and is relatively close to the shopping on rue St. Catherine.
4	En double
4	This hotel is absolutely gorgeous. Wonderful service, clean rooms, and interesting lay-outs. Not really sure how I feel about the bathroom situation, but the waterfall shower was really nice.
4	Never stayed in the hotel, but used my SkySpa dollars in the spa downstairs. The facility is small, but I had a great massage and pedicure. the staff is attentive, the service was great, and I liked that it was small, as it was nice a quiet and calming.
5	I am at the Plateau lounge for an evening birthday party and it is gorgeous here. Spacious and beautiful. Try the $1200 bottle of Dom Perrignon.
4	Great hotel, well decorated. The lounge area is really good at night to party and have some drinks. rooms are very sexy with a clear glass bathroom in every room. Perfect for a couples getawayNext time i go to Montreal I will make sure to stay at this hotel again.
2	This place scared me! Weird colors with a 60s motif and it's so darn dark in there.  It was like Austin Powers meets Montreal.  In addition down by the meeting rooms, there was a series of pictures on the wall of people making a porn movie.  Really? ....We were there for our partner conference and I thought it was in poor taste to have those pictures by the meeting rooms. Maybe that is why we got such a great deal on the place.  I guess they might be having trouble booking business meetings.
5	2012 has been wonderful for me at the W Montreal.Duane (a/k/a Mr. Nightlife at the W), sent me an email inviting me up to Montreal for NYE.  I figured that it should be a good time from everything he was telling me, so I went for it.  Brilliant room, exceptional party, and I happily extended my stay because  downtime at such a comfortable and welcoming place should be cherished.Came back through for 5 nights over Formula 1 weekend, where I was treated to absolutely stellar service.  From the valet to the extraordinary room service (which, by the way, now offers Nespresso machines in the rooms for coffee!), to the thousands of extra Starpoints for making a green choice - this place just cannot do wrong in my book.The staff here continue to go out of their way to be absolutely exemplary.  New Year's Eve, I am dressed and ready to go...only to find that I managed to leave my cufflinks 500 miles away in NYC.  In a panic, I go down to the concierge (Hugo), and he quickly goes to his locker and gives me a W Hotels cufflink set of his own.  No charge...just "Have a good night and Happy New Year."  The room service staff, particularly Meryem, were simply charming, friendly, and a pleasure to interact with first thing in the morning.  Last, but not least, the hotel warmly welcomed me and loaded my room with Happy Birthday celebratory items.  I'm sure that some of it is my general status with Starwood, and some of it is due to how often I come back here, but all in all, the W Montreal staff seem to truly care about making a wonderful impression, whether it is the first time or the fiftieth time.This property is slated for a decor refresh, which I'm ambivalent about.  I like the dark look of the rooms and the lobby, but would be keen to see what will come of it.  Whatever the construction ends up doing, I don't expect the level of care to diminish.
3	W Hotel with all the usual bells and whistles. In a great location within walking distance to the Old Town in Montreal. Staff is great, as expected. The rooms are nice, but probably not the nicest of the W's. Our room was a Gold SPG upgrade and the view was of a... blank wall. A sliver of a courtyard from the window, but mostly a blank wall. It was a bit odd. Also, lots of hallway noise at 4am. Not really the hotel's fault, just rude people who don't imagine that anyone's comfort but their own is in the least bit important.
5	Great hotel with a very hip vibe.  It was almost as if I walked in from the streets of Montreal into a Vegas hotel.  The room I had was fantastic.  Oversized reading chair.  Wild bathroom with a soaking tub, walk in shower, mirrors, concrete countertop,  HUGE!  Perfectly quiet, comfortable, and the lighting added to the level of relaxation.  The second level lounge was another great surprise.  An illuminated bar with a fallen leaf theme.  Talented and experienced bar staff with a good combination of quality spirits and a few WOW bottles.  The staff was the true standout.  From the moment I check in, the doorman remembered my name.  Not because I gave him a $50 tip (because I didn't), but because it really seemed like he cared.  Made me feel like I was at my father's country club, minus the snobbery.  Checking in at the front desk was easy, quick, and professional.  Tips and suggestions from the front desk and concierge, again outstanding.  Had dinner at the restaurant at the bar, followed by a late lunch the following day.  Hostess remembered me, greeted me with a great smile - "welcome back".Great location.  Couple blocks to St. Catherine.  Couple blocks to Old Port.  Easy getting to from Pont Champlain.  Can't say enough good things about this hotel.
4	This place is just beautiful! A little more expensive then your normal hotel, but totally worth it. The staff is friendly, and the rooms are really clean! I was really impressed. The hotel smells amazing, the ambience with the lighting is superb. I could not believe that service like this exists at a hotel. Even if I live in Montreal, I come here for a get away and when I work late nights.
5	Stayed here in February of 2008, but it's still memorable enough for me to write a review over five years later. I heard that the W Montreal, at the time, was rated one of, [if not] the best W hotels in the world and I believe it. There's a special sort of feeling you get as soon as you walk through the door. The decor is modern, chic and beautiful. The shower was quite large and felt as if I were standing in rain. There was only glass between the shower and room, but you can have a curtain put up if you're staying with someone you aren't too comfortable with. It's in a pretty good location with garage parking available as well. I had dinner at the restaurant here, but don't remember enough about it to review.This is one of the more expensive places to stay in Montreal, but it's worth every Canadian penny. I still get a good sense of nostalgia just thinking about it and will definitely return again soon.
5	It's trendy, I'm not. It's hip, I once might have been. It's modern, I usually hate modern. But I LOVE the W. I'd probably usually say it's too loud, too dark, too pretentious, and the lobby/bar may be all of that. But the rooms are sublime. We stayed in a king room on the 8th floor, 814 to be exact. It was huge, and the bathroom is probably equal size as the bedroom with an open concept that makes the entire room seem like a massive studio. Furniture is plush and chic. Sitting chair as comfortable as they come as well as a very cozy bed. W has their own brand of mattresses. Bathroom included a walk in shower with rain fall shower head and room for the Montreal Canadiens starting five. Also includes a deep, long bath tub. The room is loaded with extras! Ipod dock with surround sound speakers, kaleidoscope, rubber ducky, beyond well equipped mini bar which even has souvenirs, tv bigger than most hotels. Location is close to everything in the old quarter. Subway stop directly across the street. The view looked over Victoria square but no noise could be heard from the busy area. The room is loaded with extras! Staff are the best at what they do. From the housekeepers to valets to concierge. I would say its probably not a good hotel for families or the elderly, but to say I enjoyed my stay would be an understatement.
5	The service was so courteous, never rushed, and beyond helpful.  They were genuine and nice - which you don't often see.  That was a huge plus!Never having stayed at a dog-friendly hotel before, I didn't know what to expect, but it was such a treat to have a doggie bed, food dishes sent up to the room a treat and a toy given to us!  So cool!  Our doggie was quite happy.  :)The room was quite contemporary, which was very artsy.  It was clearly the theme of the hotel.  The room was clean, comfortable and trendy.  Lots of reviews about clear showers, etc - that's accurate.  We had a curtain, not sure why some others complained about the lack of one.  I'd stay here again - but probably not again for a while.  While super duper, it was a little on the pricey side.  And I had the AAA discount too.  Ouch.  Valet was $40/day with taxes, the doggie was $100 deposit and $25/day, and the taxes really kill you.  There's 3 taxes on everything in Canada.  I keep forgetting that every time I go. 2 nights ended up costing me what I felt it should have for 3.  Hey, whatever, we went up there to celebrate 2 birthdays.  Had a great time and the hotel was great. Close enough to the Metro and between St. Catherine St and Old Montreal/Old Port that it was a great location.  We did choose this hotel because they had a club open in the middle of the week (yay!), but it ended up being MEH.... (boo).  I've had more fun in my living room.  =\  So I could give the W the 5 stars I really feel the hotel itself deserves, I separated out the Wunderbar review: http://tinyurl.com/o3u7rc9  If the club is a feature you really want - call ahead to find out what music plays on a certain night you'll be staying and make sure it's something you can jam out to.  And bring a lot of money.  Drinks are overpriced.
4	Very cool hotel.  I loved Bartini...the guy who works there (Dominic?) is awesome.  Was there a couple of times for beer and had a great time.The hotel itself is clean and nice.  Huge shower and cool soaking tub.   Slight drawback was room location...if you're on the third floor and you're staying there on the weekend, you'll hear the "thump, thump, thump" from the club downstairs pretty late.I'm probably not hip enough to stay here but I still had fun.
4	Good gym, great location, good service...Bad?Well, the mixology was but alright in the 2nd level bar/lounge.  And of course, they served Absinthe, which is a major plus.  :)
4	Their "Mega" room with two queens is about 440 square feet.  About a quarter of that is the bathroom (it's large).  We paid close to $365 a night (US, all-inclusive), so that's about 83 cents per square foot.Hip, chic, centrally located.Bit too dark as you enter the lobby.Four bars, two with live dee-jays most nights.No pool or spa.Lots of extras: $15/day for in-room wifi, $35/day parking.Free coffee in the morning, but nothing else.Nightstand between the beds, but no nightstand on the outsides (I hate that).
5	Amazing amazng boutique hotel. If you want to be impressed with high end decor and service this is the place to go. I spent New Years here a couple years ago and was blown away by its beauty ..I love modern decor and style and this place boasts it from head to .
2	Okay, if you're checking in in the middle of winter and want a calm down cocktail and a bar snack, you're out of luck at this location, which has 4 bars, because they are closed between 3 and 5 pm! It seems like the budget for this Starwood location is on the low side, as the decor has not changed since the last time I was there when they first opened, and the bathroom walls were all mouldy. The service is great however they are not happy with upper management either. We checked out the next day and went to another nearby hotel that had free wifi.
5	Definitely we'll deserved 5 stars. Thx to the wherever/whenever staff. Received us with a warm present and an apology note because our room wasn't ready when we arrived. Daniel at Concierge desk attentive and caring. Wonderful room and friendly environment.
4	There is only one reason why I didn't give 5 stars. I will explain at the very end of this review. My husband and I have stayed at the W in our past travel including NYC, Hong Kong, Sydney and many more. Yes, we have always been a fan. However, on our recent trip to Montreal we almost opted out of staying at the W. We thought we would stay at a hotel more classic, less trendy sort of thing. So happy we stay true to our long term love. You are everything you claimed to be. Whenever, Whatever, and more......... The main reason our experience was so wonderful at the W, Montreal can be describe by one word, The Staff!  They are so professional and helpful. We check in and immediately got upgrade to this amazing loft apt style suite (starwood points! yeah!)Concierge recommandations on dining option (based on our taste) was point on! There was nothing we didn't enjoy in Montreal  and I must credit most of it to the staff at the W hotel. **** negative experience  at the "Away Spa" (more like a constructive criticism)My husband and I both decided to get a massage one afternoon to give ourselves a break from amazing food and shopping. My husband said his experience was up to par and mine was, hummm.....how should I put it  .... Terrible!!!! We had two different massage therapists. My therapist really do not know what she was doing. During the massage, I asked the therapist three times (politely) she can apply more pressure. She acknowledged but nothing happened! This is the only massage I ever had that made me feel worse after the treatment.  I felt very cheated by this particular therapist. She needs additional training!
5	W is one of my favourite brands. Stayed here three times now. Staff is wonderful. Limo service is classy. Concierge is knowledgeable in tourist and traveler attractions. Room is clean and modern. Lounge is very comfortable. Food is excellent. Located next to Vieux Montreal, Metro Station and rest of downtown. Highly recommend when in such a romantic city.
4	I've stayed in W Hotels across the world and this is the best. Great service, rooms, location. Room service is great.  It's close to the other hotels, but far enough removed that if you come for an event that is hosted at one of the huge hotels like the Hyatt, you are just far enough away to avoid the hoopla.
2	Great Hotel w/ really nice rooms.Problem is, you can't sleep. All I have to say is avoid anything below the 4th floor.I had to be awake at 5 am for a flight and the club was obnoxiously booming til at least 2 am. Beyond that, all sorts of annoying people were running around all night. Granted, that's not the hotels fault.The reason I gave it 2 stars is because I *barely* complained when I checked out and the girl at the front desk could not have cared less. How about a little acknowledgment? Maybe take off that overpriced room service from the other day?Meh...It's important to note that I'm writing this at 5:38 in the morning, on my way to the airport...
5	Great hotel, high end, modern, great staff.  Ask for a "quiet" room.  Montreal was very nice and I'd stay at the W anytime!
2	It's 2:20a and I can't sleep because my room feels like it's in the club. Do not stay in any room on the 3rd or 4th floor. It's kind of a joke how loud it is. They gave me ear plugs but they're defenseless to the douchy music pumpin downstairs. Unless you'll be out until 3a don't stay here.
3	Was in Montreal for a couple days for work and a colleague had recommended this hotel. I'm not generally a fan of the W and this trip confirmed it. While the hotel itself was nice, service was fine, rooms were decent sized and clean - the entire vibe of the hotel was not for me. The moment you walk in you feel like you are in a club. In fact, the first floor has a club which got really noisy in the evenings. The entire hotel was also extremely dark with dim lighting and contemporary decor. It was just too novel for me and not practical for what I was looking for. The restaurants/bars in the hotel also closed at odd times. It was hard to find a place to get a drink! I stayed on a high floor but the noise was still quite apparent some nights. If you're looking for somewhere fun and different you can give this place a try but I'm going to pass on this place next time.
