5	Ordered a Lemon cupcake, it was moist and delicious. The store was clean & the staff were sweet.
4	I tried Caramel cupcake that was goodLemon Citron was good as well Chocolates one are the bestCoconut one was amazing Red velvet ok okFrosting and cake base was soft and fresh.  Downtown location great stuff, will definitely go again.
4	First, I'm really not a fan of cupcakes, but I occasionally make an exception for these guys. That should encourage you to go :-DI've been to both locations and the only noticeable difference between them is the size. The St. Sulpice location is somewhat bigger and offers a few tables while the University location is quite small. I don't remember seeing any tables there, but one reviewer said they had some.  Les Glaceurs' cupcakes are SUPER moist and they're generous with the icing (perhaps TOO generous, lol!). The cake portion isn't overly sweet, likely because the 2-inches of icing takes care of any sugar craving you might have. My favorite is the Red Velvet - I love the cream cheese icing. Mmmm! They also offer a gluten-free version of the Red Velvet cupcake, which is great - but  the downside is that they keep these frozen and it takes one hour to bake them. So... if you're in the mood for a gluten-free cupcake, don't expect to pick it up and go. You'll have to wait an hour.  They also make custom (beautiful!) cupcakes for special events, so look them up if you want something different for your party/ conference/ wedding - whatever!
4	Spent 3 days in Montreal and had cupcakes every day.  They are delicious.  Salted caramel was our favourite.
4	Salted caramel. Need I say more? I am a cupcake snob. This place wasn't my favorite but passed the test. Both the Red Velvet and Salted Caramel were delicious, moist and full of great flavor both in the cake and the icing. It's also fun to sit here and look across the street at the beautiful church!
4	A pretty little shop with some bar stool seating. The salted caramel was better then the coco-orange.
4	I am with some of the other reviewers - the cupcakes here aren't the best I have ever had, but I enjoyed mine nonetheless.  These days it isn't unusual to find fancy combinations in chocolate truffles or gelato, but cupcake flavours have remained fairly tame by comparison. So it's nice to come across a place that has some interesting flavours. The one I had was the ginger litchi, which was subtly spicy ginger cake topped with sweet litchi fruit icing, pink sprinkles, and a sugar flower.  The fragrant mix of spicy ginger with sweet litchi overtones was lovely. The cake is dense and filled with chewy bits of candied ginger that provide a nice balance to the deliciously smooth litchi icing.  And while you relish your pretty little cupcake, you can look out the window and admire Montreal's glorious Notre Dame Cathedral (which is right next door).
4	A co-worker brought some into the office today. The Red Velvet and Smore were fantastic. I haven't had cupcakes from other places, but these were top notch.
