4	I ventured over to the Verizon Wireless store on Sunday afternoon because I was eligible for the "new every two" deal that Verizon runs. I wanted to upgrade my phone and ask some questions about plans for smartphones because the Verizon wireless website wasn't very clear.The store is very clean and laid out well with so many different phones on display that you can try out. There is an area to "check-in" when you enter the store. I didn't check in since when I got to the store, I was the only customer there; later when the store got busy, the check-in kiosk becomes important as it puts you in queue to be helped by a salesperson, customer service rep, or technician.I was helped by Katie (I think that was her name) and she answered all of my and my husband's questions. She explained the plans very well and made it much easier to understand than how it was presented on the Verizon website. She was so polite and helpful and even set up my email on the Blackberry Curve so I wouldn't have to figure it out.This is probably the best Verizon store I have been in, and I have been to 5 different stores in 3 states. By far this had the nicest layout, the most organized system to help customers, and the shortest wait time to process a transaction from sale to set up of device of any of the 4 previous Verizon stores I had visited.
1	I went to Verizon at Tempe Marketplace on a weekday after I got off work because my phone was making a random beeping noise every 15 minutes that was unrelated to my battery, so I wanted someone in technical services to take a look at it and show me how to make it stop. Once I entered the store, I signed in using their kiosk and waited patiently for over 30 minutes.After my name was called, I went to ask the lady to look at my phone, only to discover that they DO NOT have anyone in technical services at that store, ever, which means that there is no one to help when customers are having issues with their current phone. The next closest store to me is at 16th St. and Camelback Rd., which from now on I'm going to exclusively.The only thing they could do was switch out my phone for a new one, however, they didn't have any in stock, so I would have had to go to another store anyways. Talk about a pointless trip during rush hour.Bottom Line: Try another Verizon store, not this one!
4	I have to say I'm overwhelmingly surprised myself by the fact that 2 out of my 3 interactions with this location over the past 2 weeks have gone phenomenally well!  After  a bit of a rocky start (this really should've only been 2 visits in the last 2 weeks), today I had an AMAZING experience in-store with La'Tasha Royal.  Today, I was finally able to transfer off of my old corporate account, establish my own billing, activate my new Droid AND La'Tasha and crew also helped me transfer my contacts, apply my new screen skin...etc.  Everyone was super friendly and helpful.  La'Tasha knew her stuff and helped me with poise, grace and a friendly can-do attitude that is often rare from service providers (think about your last dealings with the phone company, cable company or dishwasher repair).  Today was a breeze.Thank you La'Tasha and everyone else who hooked me up today and made this a simple, easy and actually enjoyable interaction!
5	Awesome store.  Very helpful.  Friendly.  Nate is the greatest!
1	I went in there with a problem with my Iphone 4 and went in to see what they could do for me. The tech that was there, specifically named Angelo, was extremely unhelpful, he took one look at my phone and basically laughed. Then proceeded to tell me there was nothing that he could do for me. I asked him why and he said because it was accidental damage and I told him I had insurance and he said it did not matter. He didn't bother to look up my account info, he didn't bother trying to find some sort of solution other than paying 600$ in full for a new phone. The only helpful one there was the guy that greets you at the door. Failed to get his name, which I should have. Then to top it all off I call to complain and they don't bother to answer their phones. Convenient. Not pleased. At all.
5	I went in yesterday in a bind because I had put my wifi SIM card in my phone and completely messed things up. I was in a hurry as I work in medical sales and had some patients trailing my equipment and I was asked to be avab....Kathleen and another gentleman were SO friendly and patient. Kathleen had my phone working very quickly. Thanks your help! You are awesome!
4	I came here with my girlfriend to get 2 new phones. We were helped Promptly by a first person. He said, let me get someone who can help you better,that  knows more about what you want.     We were given a fabulous girl who helped us both with all of our needs. We got 2 new phones and everything switched over and out the door in less than 30 min.  We were very happy and on our way home in no time. Why the 4 stars, when i got home i found my contacts were not put on the new phone. I am sure it was a simple mistake but, now i have to waste time going back. But, i am still happy.
5	I came here the other day with my boyfriend to get new phones. We are on differant accounts of course,so the guy helping us said let me get someone who can better help you. He did and we got a lovely girl that totally knew exactly what she was doing.  We were helped very quickly and got in and out of there in 30 min(that was for 2 of us).I thought that was great! Love my new phone and love Verizons customer service.
1	I have been with Verizon for over 10 years and I almost always get great customer service but NEVER from this location.  I go out of my way to avoid this store if I can.  Best Buy had a deal on the phone I wanted but they were having trouble transfering my phone number when they were redoing my contract.  I went across the street to Verizon and they told me there was nothing they could do...no suggestions...nothing.  Their only suggestion was that I purchase the phone through them which was $90 more and she said they couldn't match their price.  I asked her if I went to T-mobile & signed a new contract with them if I could keep my same number.  She said, "I believe so."  My response..."Merry Christmas" and I walked out.  I went back to Best Buy and they were able to get Verizon on the phone and get it all worked out but seriously?  ZERO customer service at this place.
1	I am writing to let you know about my experience at the tempe marketplace Verizon wireless store on Rio Salado Drive in Tempe, AZ. I had walked in with my fiance to get a new battery for my phone. We were greeted promptly and helped by a associate named Charlie. He went into the back to get the battery i had requested when he came out with the battery he (as well as pretty much the entire store) noticed a Giant dust storm moving in. He showed me the battery then walked past me to the window. I said that I wanted to purchase the battery and he (apparently excited about the impending storm) ran around in a circle towards the back.  I called out id like to get home before the storm to which he replied "good luck" and went into the back to get his phone. He returns and goes outside to take pictures, brushing past us again telling us to "hang on". At this point we left without ever purchasing the battery.
1	This place is so shady. I was there for three hours, worked with management, and spent over $400.  I was told that I had to switch my plan during my upgrade from unlimited data to limited.  While this is true, the manager told me that I use 5-6 gig/month, so I went with the plan he suggested.  Later after speaking with customer service on the phone, she told me that I have never gone over 2 gig and adjusted my plan accordingly.  The sleazeball at the store further disclosed multiple hidden fees at the register, rather than being honest from the beginning.   I am seriously questioning leaving Verizon after 12 years due to this experience.
3	Always busy.  Usually a 10-15 min wait.  Service is good.  The last time I went the guy told me I could get this one credit transferred over  to my old plan which I wasn't able to do.  Fortunately, it was only a 10 dollar rebate, but still.  Could have been 10 extra dollars.
4	I'm not always a happy camper when I walk into the Verizon store, but I must say the last few times I have walked out a happy customer. Dare I say their customer service may have improved? I don't like pushy sales situations so when salesmen start trying to upsell and drop a bunch of lines, I get turned off. I know their job is sales, but I usually just try to do my own thing looking around until I'm ready for help. I'm very pleased with the iPhone warranty replacement I just received. It looks like a brand new phone. I felt like that process was really easy and I really didn't have to go out of my way or be inconvenienced. In the past, it took awhile to get the new phone and I don't remember the transition being as simple. (I remember losing contacts, photos and being without a phone for a few days on one occasion.) So this time around, life was gravy baby. Main gripe= too expensive. But you get what you pay for and I rather pay more to have a reliable phone service and quality equipment.
5	These people at this location couldnt be better. Always have taken care of me, or my Wife with our phones. A couple instances:years ago, My Wife had a bad Blackberry. She exchanged it, and it crashed. This happened 2 other times. She brought it into the store, and swapped it out, and the tech guy saw the new one crash right before their eyes. he worked with the manager, who got approval to swap it for an android at no charge. Last Thanks Giving, My Wife found a phone she liked, and wanted, so we went to the store, not knowing what time it was. It turned out to be about 10 mins before they closed. They stayed open for 30 mins after closeing time, to make sure she knew all the features, and operations of her new phone. Any time we have had phone issues, they have helped, and with a very friendly, professional attitude. If one employee didnt know the fix, he/she would find someone who did.
1	CHEATERSThat's the best way I can describe my experience yesterday at this location. I was upgrading to an iPhone 5 and trading in my iPhone 4. They told me they'd give me $92 dollars for the 4 but I had to put that towards 3 accessories before the remaining balance could be used for the iPhone 5...I called Verizon Customer Support and it was confirmed that this was completely out of policy. The reps at this store were "upselling" me the second I walked in. The guy who was helping me actually brought out a tray of accessories with my new phone that he expected me to buy.Also, if the rep is reading this...I know the difference between an Otter Box and the slim cases...thanks a lot!
1	After calling Verizon Customer Service to find out if we could upgrade two phones on my account two days early, the representative assured me that it would not be a problem at all.  I arranged a meeting at the store with my two daughters. I arrived early and was met by the manager at the door. I explained that we wanted to purchase two new phones, two days early for our upgrade. He said that the only way we could do that was by ordering them to be shipped to us and then coming in to the store to have them set them up for us.  I explained my phone call and he said there was NO WAY to get around this issue.  Meanwhile, as I am speaking with him,he is "signing "in people as they are coming int he door.I left and told my daughters not to bother coming.   One of them called the Verizon Customer Service line, explained the situation and they simply changed our upgrade date to two days eariler.  No,we did not returen to that store,but instead went to another one and said that they would have done it regardless of the change.   The other store,Scottsdale Pavillions was less expensive with wonderful service!   Our account is a business account and we will never return to that location.
1	***Stop***Caution***Very poor customer service. Went in to add a line and the staff quickly assisted me to treat me to car sales tactics. Decided to sell me products without answering my questions. Management is ok with this manner of service and when I attempted to rectify an clarify my issue they were all unhelpful and gave no solution other than to have me buy more products and lines. Also if you like being referred to in an unprofessional manner go to this store. Representatives will be sure to exceed your expectations from greeting to finish.
1	I have had numerous bad experiences at this Verizon Wireless store. I have been lied to by several employees about what I am being sold and will NEVER return here.   Two prime examples:  1) I was told that since I had a tablet and phone on the same account, I could add a home line and my bill could be "bundled and reduced by about $20-30 a month" so it was "silly not to do this deal". Well, I took the bait and ended up with an extra line I didn't need and actually INCREASED my bill by $20-30 a month instead of reduced it, like I was told. I tried to cancel after the first month and my bill was ridiculous however it was outside of the 14 day return policy and I had to pay an extra $150 to do so!!   Well, silly silly me decided to go back since I needed a new phone and they are the closet store to me....... bad idea!!   2) I just purchased a new phone 13 days ago from this store and they refuse to return in even though the phone clearly has internal issues and registers touches all over the screen at random given moments - making emailing business clients impossible since it sometimes sends messages or types things I didn't ask it to do. I found out today, which I was NOT told initially, that I also no longer have a warranty on this phone since it was purchased on a different line and switched to the one I primarily use (since I needed an upgrade and didn't have one).   Mind you, I had to purchase a new phone because someone screwed up at the store and didn't put the insurance on my phone when I asked for it multiple times (I'm adamant about this because I have terrible luck with phones). If I had had insurance, I could have gotten my phone replaced. Since I didn't, I had to get this new phone that is also messed up. Which they will not return, even though they said I had 14 days for exchanges, per their policy.   I highly recommend anyone to STAY AWAY FROM VERIZON, ESPECIALLY THIS ONE!! THEY ARE LYING THIEVES!!
4	Here's the drill: (1) Walk in. (2) Make sure someone signs you in. (3) Patiently wait for your name to be called. (4) Get whatever service you need. Here are some things you need to understand: (1) The world doesn't revolve around you. You need to get in line like everyone else. (2) When the new iPhone launches, there will be massive crowds. Visit at your own risk. (3) Workers are people too. When you show up near closing time, they're bound to get irate. While there is no excuse for this, it doesn't help to add to the anger. (4) If you visit near closing time and the workers ask you to come back another time because they can't possibly help you in a timely manner, you may want to take their advice. Besides, they're only telling you for your own good. (5) When all else fails, please see #1. I visited to have my phone activated. I followed the drill. Luckily, the wait wasn't terribly long. When I was finally called, the woman who helped was kind and patient and addressed all my questions. No fuss. No muss. When I was there, there seemed to be a lot of associates around helping out. No one pushed any products on me and everything ran smoothly. If you want a pleasant experience, you gotta know the drill and understand a few things...
2	Let me preface this by saying, it's the Verizon Store and I knew what to expect.I am still waiting for one Verizon Store to come along and surprise me one day. By actually giving me prompt service, not having 12 employees in the store and only 5 of them working, not trying to up sell you on products you don't need, and for god sakes just give you what you need in a timely manner. Not too much to ask for.This one was just like all the others; was 4th in line on their check-in, but still had to wait 23 minutes to even be talked too. In that time I saw employees standing there. The iPhone 5 products were all out of stock, not their fault but just added to the bad experience.Driving out of the parking lot I drove by an AT&T, maybe it's time I made the switch...
1	Avoid Avoid Avoid!Even if you live in Tempe, please drive the extra miles to your second closest Verizon location.I came into the store with issues transferring contacts from one smartphone to another after I was having issues with Backup Assistant.  I went during an off-period so I did not experience a long wait like most reviewers did.  But, I spent TWO HOURS in the store while associates failed to perform a simple contact transfer from the Backup Assistant/Cloud storage onto my phone.  I ended up leaving with the promise that a ticket had been created and the issue would be resolved shortly thereafter.  But , here I sit hours later and STILL no contacts on my phone.After two hours at home trying to figure it out and two hours in the store, I was very frustrated with my experience with Verizon and wanted to talk to the manager.  Carlos was a grade-A jerk and told me that backing up contacts was my responsibility, EVEN THOUGH I HAD CONTACTS ON MY OLD PHONE AND ON BACKUP ASSISTANT.  He said there was nothing he could do to help me since Backup Assistant is a free service, evidently ignoring the fact that I am a paying customer who just wasted half a day to not even get contacts put on my phone.Carlos and Co. have succumbed to the belief that they don't have to provide customer service at Verizon.CAUTION IS ADVISED!
1	Not helpful at all. The wait was ridiculously long, and after we finally got to speak with someone, the rep was rude. We were within a week of the upgrade date, and he was smug about the fact he couldn't let us upgrade a couple days early. He kept trying to sell us on the Edge program, which would ultimately double the price of the phone. Bad customer service and bad salesman. We left and went to Go Wireless. They upgraded us and were super friendly. I'd recommend them instead.
4	I had a stupid, long, annoyingly complicated billing issue that spanned several months and to which my phone resolution was not satisfactory (to me).I thought maybe I could go in to the store and actually get something done.Through no fault of their own (as I understood and believed from the manager...) their hands are basically tied and only very small amounts of credits are allowed.So, I got a small bit of money back (not the $105 I still believe I'm owed and now know I will NEVER receive), but I was treated kindly, fairly, and quickly (shocking, for a Saturday afternoon).Kudos to the very patient and busy staff!
5	Great service, friendly and helpful. Couldn't have asked for a better experience whilst getting my phone upgraded. Thanks so VERY much!!!
1	I went in to this location about two months ago to upgrade my iPhone 5 to a 5s. I had been to other places getting quotes on how much they would give me for my old iPhone 5 in regards to trade in and Verizon was the highest at 300$ so I decide to upgrade with them. The salesman first tried to sell me on their new Verizon edge plan which is fine I know thats what he is supposed to do, I declined and he then seem uninterested to process my upgrade which led me to believe he wasn't going to make any commission. He then disappeared to the back and said he was getting my phone for me and didn't come back for like 5 minutes. When he finally did come back all he had me do was sign his iPad and then disappeared again into the back to "activate" the phone he said. After about 10 more minutes of waiting he comes back and now my new iPhone is out of the box and he is going through the setup screens! So much for getting to open my own phone up for the first time. (I was actually excited about that by the way) Anyways he then comes back and grabs my old phone, has me erase it and then I decide to ask him about commission. I asked if it was true that he gets less commission on iPhones then Android phones and he tells me that because I was doing a cross upgrade (using someone else's upgrade on my plan but applying it to my line) and then trading in my own phone that he wasn't going to get any commission! Then I understood the poor customer service! I was fine with this figured he just wanted to get me done as quickly as possible and help someone else he was actually going to make money on, no big deal..Here we are now two months later and I notice on my bill that I have been getting charged a 5.00 navigation fee charge on my bill that was added onto my account the day that I upgraded! What a coincidence! I am sure that he added this plan to my bill to make some sort of commission on the sale.. I now had to be on hold with Verizon for 30 minutes to get this credited back to my account and removed permanently. It is just a shame that I can't even trust the Verizon Sales people at this location anymore... This is just terrible customer service and as I type this I am on hold with the store waiting to talk to someone to give them this feedback so it hopefully won't happen to anyone else. Obviously not a big deal in the grand scheme of things but I want to be able to trust the people who help me...
1	I went to this location on the way home from work to see if they could help me with my email set up and a leather case i just bought 4 weeks prior.  As I was talking about the case that fell apart and kept dropping my phone the counter person said there is no warranty on leather cases and nothing they could do , i asked just make me a deal on another one and they said no again.  Out of the blue a homosexual man and his partner next to me started yelling at me and saying I was an asshole? Wow this place is a trip poor service and idiots inside.  This is a cooperate store and they really don't give a shit about their customers.  They never even helped me with my email either.  I then went to the location on greenfield and mckellips not a cooperate store with errogant assholes and they helped me problem solved.
5	I walked in to what seemed like a super busy store and was immediately talked to and helped.  I have been in situations like that before were I have been made to wait in upwards of over an hour!  Not in this case.  Drake met me at the door like I was a celebrity or something like that.. Verizon Red Carpet status. :)  I was helped with every question and even when we had to wait for my boyfriend to authorize something we took a small break and when I came back the manager greeted me with a smile and Drake again was right there waiting to help me with a smile!   Keep up the good work!  I hope Drake never leaves because that was the best service I have ever received from Verizon..
1	I am sorry. While I love that I can walk across America and :"be heard now", these guys keep messing with my service and my bill. Multiple times telling me one thing an delivering another. I have begun to bring witnesses with me and this time it was good because Mr. Salesman told me something was "free" that so was not. I had to jump through hoops to fix the mess. I let it go the first times but this last time I was ticked off enough to send them a message. BE HONEST. 100%. We will love you.
5	So I recently had to go to's Verizon store to get my iPhone upgraded. I had called this store around 10am to see if they had an iPhone 6 plus and they did. I left work to purchase my new phone, trade in my other phone, and purchase some accessories. I need to be back to work as soon as possible and Pasha (Verizon rep) was able to take care of all of this in less than 20 min. Service was amazing, he really cared about my time, and made the whole transaction remarkably smooth. Would definitely go back to this Verizon store and ask for Pasha.
5	The Verizon Store 2040 E Rio Salado Pkwy Ste 130, Tempe, AZ has a fantastic CSR/Sales Person named Kirk Grider. I retired after 35 years as a District Manager with an International Printing Company (Moore Business Fotms) and my main responsibility was training sales people. Since my retirement my wife started her business in selling promotional products. If you have a phone or system issue contact Kirk Grider at Verizon on Rio Salado and if he does not have an immediate answer he will find a resolution and resolve your issue. I don't write reviews like this easily unless they really deserve it and Kurt deserves it. He is outstanding. Alex J. Pallas
1	Verizon Customer Support is the Ebola of the wireless world.This location must be top 5 worst in the country.
1	This review is a bit overdue but I realized I should leave a review on how frustrating verizon makes every process. I made the huge mistake of taking my phone to the river. I had a Galaxy S3 with a Bluetooth speaker I bought online, and which was waterproof unlike my phone. I put my phone in a couple Ziploc bags, which ended up being fruitless as the bags got water in them and my phone died. I put it in a bag of rice overnight but that didn't fix it. I pay for the damage protection plan so I called this store since they are closest and told them my situation. They instructed me to come in so they could take a look.I arrived and per usual they were moderately busy. I put in my spot in line and waited about 15 minutes which wasn't a huge deal. After waiting one of the "specialist" came over and asked me for my name. Once he confirmed that I was who was waiting, he gave me a card and told me to call or go online with that. I asked him if I could do this in the store. He said no. I then asked why I was told to come in, he didn't know either. Waste of my time and the situation didn't feel like they didn't even care because I wasnt buying anything from them.I wish there was a 5 star verizon store.
1	Horrible. Wanted to do the promo where I traded in my smart phone for a $200 credit and they said I wasn't eligible. Spoke to the manager Jacob and he lied right to my face. I went to the store by Chandler Fashion Mall and it literally took a couple of minutes for them to do the trade in and process the credit. Thanks for wasting my time.Note: if you have an older model phone and want to do the promo where you get $200 for any smart phone trade in, don't let them BS you and tell you you're not valid for the promotion. This store tries nit pick between which phones it takes and which it doesn't. Call Verizon corporate and make sure your phone is eligible, then if you get there and they tell you otherwise, report them.
5	My wife and I visited this Verizon store at 2pm on a Monday.  Was seen by Cassie who handled our requests courteously and was very professional.  We added two of our grandsons (16 and 19 years old) to our family plan and got the iPhone 5 for each.  She helped in decreasing the data plans and other charges we were not aware of, saving some money.  We were out of there in about 1/2 hour.  If you happen to use this store, ask for Cassie.  You will be happy you did.
1	Lost my phone off-roading and went in Monday to buy a new phone.  I have 5 phones and my business account with verizon.  With 12 days until my upgrade the store manager said can't help you.  Only he would help me if I bought another phone line and contract  for 20.00 a month for two years and he would take 20.00 off my bill to offset.  Wow what a scam.  The manager said call verizon customer service mabe we can help you at the store we cannot?  I called they sent me the wrong phone.  On the second try they mailed the right one.  I paid 435.00 for the new phone.  One day after making my payment they sent a collection agency to call me to see if I paid it and I told the person it's paid and they then hung up on me wow!!  Rude unbelievable they act like that.  Crapy customer service
1	I have always talked positively about Verizon and their service. I seem to always have 4G or full service over people with other providers.  However this particular store has horrible customer service. I understand this is a corporation and they need to upsell you... but you should be knowledgeable about your products and customer complaints on products. They are always rude when it comes to something dealing with dissatisfaction and great with people buying something. They will not do ANYTHING for a dissatisfied customer. They literally do not care about thr customer at all. When asked to speak to the manager they say the manager will say the same thing and fight you on speaking to them. That is my right as a customer.  And they fight you over stupid things that could easily be taken care of. I was willing to take a hit on money and exchange for something way less expensive and they would not give anything at all. I have had this problem several times over the past few years. Learn some respect.
5	My son's Iphone 5C died not even a years worth of cell phone usage.  I went into the store literally the day before thanksgiving and was greeted immediately by Jacob Krammer!  Which I found out later he was the manager.  He was amazing.  Provided nothing but extreme out of the way customer service.  He looked at every optionto save me a few bucks and to get my problem solved.  I have had plenty of unpleasant experiences with Verizon and the stores, so when you have that ONE that goes the extra mile its necessary to that them for taking the time walking us through it and helping us get the best possible deal.  Thank you for everything. It was greatly appreciated.
2	Verizon offers good cellular service. That's about it. Going to this location is painful. I usually wait about 45 minutes and the resolution is never what it should be. Trouble is the location to customer base. Verizon has a lot of customers and unable to keep up with customer service. I have never been able to go to a location without an enduring wait. Calling in is next to impossible half the time. I usually end up at this location the most because out of all the stores this one seems to operate the best. I wish they had a reservation line or site to book online. Unfortunately, no trip to this store is a short one and this can be hard to plan. The staff sometimes can be short with you, it's not entirely his or her fault, they are too busy to provide the attention needed to customers. The sad thing is most times I go in are because of billing issues. The last two months have been right maybe the issue is resolved.
