4	Well, I have to admit that I wasn't expecting to be blown away by the cuisine here, but goodness gracious was I. Stopped in promptly after 5pm to sample this new East Blvd restaurant installment and I'm thrilled that we did. It's in the old Sutton House building at the corner of East and Kenilworth. You can't miss it now. Upon the Yellow brick rests a glorious mural facing the Kenilworth side and it's gnarly. Really like the aesthetic. The interior has your typical kitschy bar decor, pop art on surfboards, and plenty of beer paraphernalia. Tables, booths along the east wall, ample bar seating, 25 draught beers with plenty being local(s), cocktails a gogo, and a moderately expansive menu. On to the meal.Started with the chips and salsa -- Pineapple and tomatillo. The pineapple salsa was great, perky, laden with cilantro, and super sweet. It worked well with the lime salt on the chips. The tomatillo....lacking. It had a pretty viscous consistency and I didn't enjoy it very much at all. Topped with a bit of Cholula and it was passable. There are a few different salsas. I'm looking forward to trying them all. Tacos. Hmm where to start other th....AMAZING. Dude. Seriously. The tortillas are textbook. Flour tortillas were choice du jour and are lightly fried, puffy, housing a slight crunch and retains a light chew throughout. I'd like to lobby for a take-home pack of these tortillas, por favor. Went with the pablano shrimp tacos. Sign me up. Every time. Smoky pablanos, chipotle cream, slaw, spicy shrimp. I didn't want them to end. Your order can consist of two or three tacos. I went with two and it was plenty for an entree. Tempura avocado tacos. Umm...vegetarians should be lining the block for these. I was astonished at the flavor(s). I may order these again for myself. Great job, fellas. Sides. Mexican Street Corn. I repeat, MEXICAN STREET CORN. Just go look at the photo I posted. Stellar execution. Try it. Thank me later. Repeat. Black beans and rice. They were A-OK. Flavor was rather pungent but a nice rounded side for tacos. Price point is fair, staff was suuuuper friendly, and the location is great. Only real problem, which I'm sure all could commiserate on, is the parking issue. We walked since we live in the neighborhood, but the parking situation is abysmal. Garage parking, some street parking, or snag a space at an adjacent business and pray not to get towed. Maybe that vacant lot can turn into something in the future? Hmmm...Synopsis: We'll be back. Very soon. (For more of those tacos, no doubt)Cheers and welcome to the neighborhood, Longboards!
1	Bad experience at Longboards tonight.  We were so excited about having something new in the Picasso's/Sutton House space, but sadly, we won't be returning to Longboards.  Our server was fantastic--the only bright spot.  We ordered the tacos al pastor and the surf and turf tacos, planning on each having one of each.  Unfortunately, all 4 tacos came out cold.  I HATE to send back food, so I was able to eat the cold taco al pastor, which would have been excellent if it had even been at room temperature, but the cold surf and turf taco was too cold to eat.  I asked my server if it could be warmed up, and he pleasantly took it back, only to return a few minutes later to tell me that the "chef said that he had no way to warm it up."  I've only sent food back a few times in my life, but I've never sent food back to have the chef say, essentially, that I should just eat it anyway.  Our server was very apologetic and seemed very surprised that the chef wouldn't help us out.  The dish was taken off our check, which I appreciate very much, but it would have been nice for a manager (who had to give approval for the dish to be taken off our check) to come and check in with us.We are certainly willing to forgive growing pains, but that kind of reluctance from the chef to provide even warm food is unacceptable.  I left hungry and won't return.
1	UPDATELONGBOARDS HAS CLOSED 10/15/2013Have been looking forward to Longboards coming to the neighborhood.Finally went on a Wednesday night, and was underwhelmed. Bad first impression when we had to walk past an employee in red shirt smoking right at the front door, but, was greeted by a friendly hostess, and was seated immediately. Took a few minutes to browse the menu, and settled on a burger, only to be told by helpful waitress that several things were not available, including all burgers and sandwiches. Decided on tacos since that is Longboards tap and Taco. The taco was OK, but not a signature item, in my opinion.The interior remodel from Picassos and Sutton House was minimal from what I saw, still pretty dark, except for one area by the bar that was well lit. Heres hoping this was opening week jitters, will probably give them another shot, since so close and a quick walk away.UPDATE 10/6/2013Living in the neighborhood, I walk past Longboards very often and am surprised by the few diner I see inside eating. Several neighbors are taking odds on how much longer they can keep their doors open.With Cantina, Moes and now TijuanaFlats,  opening soon, in the old WADS location, all within walking distance, a few blocks away. See where they are giving free chips and salsa now, hope they get their act together soon, or else....
4	The really great mural on the side of the building facing Kenilworth has been catching my eye for a few weeks now (loved the shark chasing the "fish tacos" on the left side of the mural!). When we heard that Longboards had opened, my family & I went last Sat. night to try it out. Everyone had something different - tacos, sandwiches, etc. and we all agreed that the food was great. I had the battered tilapia tacos & I was very pleased. The Queso appetizer was great, and we really liked the pineapple salsa we tried. The waitress was very friendly. After dinner, we all agreed we'll come back to Longboards. Nice to see the old Kenilworth Cafe building come back to life
2	Ehhhh - Mediocre....I want to like this place because East Blvd needs a cool, new place.  Got the chips and salsa.  The pineapple salsa was good.  The tacos were good, but nothing special.  The waiter didn't ask us what type of taco shell we wanted.  So, I guess he ordered some hard, unbendable shell.  I recognize that this is a restaurant in Dilworth and East Blvd.  I don't know that I think 5 tacos, 2 beers and an order of chips and salsa is worth $45.  I'll try it again sometime because I think every place deserves a second shot.  But, I'd still prefer Krazy Fish or Cabo Fish Taco over this place.
4	We hit up this new place in Dilworth on Saturday night and was pleasantly surprised by the interior.  It defintely had a kitschy, surfer-girl/boy, Mexi-Cali feel....something unique for that part of town.  We had some local beers (which A+ for draft beer selection!) and in honor of Cinco De Mayo, some tequila shots.  The host, upon our arrival, told us that we had to try the fried oreos and if we didn't like them, he would comp them for us....SO of course, we had to try them!  :) They were tasty (my first experience with fried oreos, actually) ,but could've used more oreo and less batter.  Our friend ordered one of their burritos/tacos and they looked delicious and fresh.  Next time I will ordering food from the menu.....and of course will be yelping it about it as an update :)
1	Former Picasso's, then Sutton House, now it's Longboards. I had high expectations for this joint because I live in the neighborhood. The staff was very nice. The beer wasn't as cold as I would like, maybe I had a new glass straight from the washer or they just tapped a new keg, but my beer wasn't cold to my liking. Seems like another unknowledgeable person in the restaurant industry try to make it with one big bang. You have to think to yourself, do you want one big cash out for the first opening days or do you want frequent regulars that will generate money through time. First of all, your competition is Cantina which is fairly popular ($12 for 3 tacos with two sides) and Moe's a fast food taco/burrito joint ($7 for 3 tacos). You can't be coming in Dilworth thinking people are rich and would pay you $12 for 2 tacos and $15 for 3 tacos (which comes with ONE tiny little itty bitty two bite side of your choice). Your tacos just aren't that good to be worth being a regular or to eat while there's competition down the street that tastes better. Your chicken tacos are dry and not much seasoning. Mind you these tacos are very small. What were you thinking generating this menu prices? Are they organic stuff? Are your avocados imported from the depths of the jungles of South America harvested by a tribe?  Do your research, I'll pass.
2	Sigh, was so excited but...So, the bar was the best part.  It had a great beer selection on tap. The rave reviews end there.Strike 1 - seriously. No Coors Light? (Not for me, but this should be a staple)Strike 2 - did I stutter when I ordered because this is not what I ordered. Strike 3 - food was eh.Strike 4 - Bathrooms were inoperational. Had to walk down the street to another restaurant Strike 5 - so my actual bill is higher than what is stated on the slip you gave me?Conclusion - I hope this was opening jitters but I will probably not be back for food. Saving grace was the bar and will definitely stop back in for a drink.
2	Sigh, was so excited but...So, the bar was the best part.  It had a great beer selection on tap. The rave reviews end there.Strike 1 - seriously. No Coors Light? (Not for me, but this should be a staple)Strike 2 - did I stutter when I ordered because this is not what I ordered. Strike 3 - food was eh.Strike 4 - Bathrooms were inoperational. Had to walk down the street to another restaurant Strike 5 - so my actual bill is higher than what is stated on the slip you gave me?Conclusion - I hope this was opening jitters but I will probably not be back for food. Saving grace was the bar and will definitely stop back in for a drink.
2	I should have trusted yelp, My bad. To be fair Dillworth is a very competitive restaurant environment, and while Longboards would often be par should I be looking for a taco out in a rural burg there are numerous far better options within a mile or two.We were starving and in the mood for some casual fresh cali-mexican and I had plans nearby. Newish place and figured I would stop in. "Do you want some chips?" Sure thanks for offering 3 minutes later "Here are your chips, the chips are free but salsa is four dollars" Huh... Every Mexican dive I have ever been to gives you free salsa, I have seen higher end places charge for premium guac or great tomatillo salsas... so this food must be higher end than I expected...?It wasn't. Regrettably I have experienced more flavor at Chi-Chi's before they poisoned the nation. This was overly safe tex-mex at its most dreary. My burrito did not have a taste of any seasoning whatsoever, that isn't hyperbole, no cilantro, no salt, no spice, nothing, it had to be half a pound of rice punctuated by occasional bits of anything else that I later drowned in hot sauce to be anything but a wrapped pile of monotony. My wife's taco arrived cold and also uninspiring/unbalanced. The price says quality Mexican food but the food doesn't come close to what we can get from food trucks for six bucks in this city. it wouldn't compare close to favorably with Qdoba again for half the price, to compare it to the great restaurants nearby that give you far more quality for the same price isn't worth explaining.+1 star for the beer selection/bar. Lots of good microbrews. Good location and good beer make me hopeful they can step up their game to be on par with downtown Charlotte... or even better that they provide a real so-cal experience. Hire a ringer with a good palate. Family friendly doesn't and shouldn't mean bland.
2	Pros: Thurs. NODA local brew $3Tacos were tasty, typical Americanized Mexican tacos. I guess my expectations were high being from CA. I miss the Mexican taco shops from SoCal. None the less staff was friendly.      Cons: The service was pretty slow, considering it wasn't a busy Thurs night. My sauces I ordered on the side did not come with the meal and had to asked for them and got straight sour cream and tomato sauce. So, I had to AGAIN reorder the correct sauces that came with my tacos. Lastly, I thought the food is a bit over priced. 3 tacos for $15...2 tacos for 11.50. Also,
5	Found this gem during a trip to Charlotte! The location was awesome, lots of cute shops surrounding it. Great vibe and decor was really interesting. Surfboards painted by local artists were hung on the walls. Staff was very friendly and they were excited to have some out of towers visiting. Impressive wall of beers on tap. Food -WOW! The tacos were delish. Go for the Carne Asada or tempura avacado. So many choices and the homemade pico was my favorite. There were these little plantain cups filled with different fillings that were also sooo good. Try those for sure. Finish with the fried Oreos for a grand finale! Can't wait to go back!
4	Had attempted and failed at trying this place once before (only because they were closed when we tried to go), but man was I glad to make it back.We came on a pretty gorgeous day via bike from the green way so we were already pretty thirsty and famished as soon as we walked through the doors.   It was about noon so a small, lazy Saturday crowd had started trickling in.Whoops, let me back up - when we were locking our bikes up to the sign outside, the couple that was exiting was raving about the food.  Awesome sign #1 that we were in for a good lunch treat that day.Ok - back to it... we were seated promptly and our server introduced herself.  Started out with waters and then got into the beer list.  We were also waiting for a friend to join us so we weren't really in a rush.  I did notice that it did take a while for the food to come out once we finally ordered.  It was well worth the wait though!I went with the taco sampler (3) tacos off the menu for $15.... Tried the  Southern Taco (deep fried chicken),  Mahi Avocado Taco, and BBQ Tuna.... all were very tasty and had it's distinct flavors.  Each one was pretty delicately prepared.  Almost as if Longboards had taken taco making to the next level of fancy...... if the word fancy could ever be associated with a taco.  I was super happy with the food and beer.As far as atmosphere, feels like a beachy, surfer hangout.  There is some questionable surfboard artwork on the walls, but over all a decent vibe.  In my old age, this corner of East Blvd and Kennilworth has seen many a bar/restaurant come though.  Hopefully Longboards is here to stay for a while.
1	Please save your money.   Tasteless beans and rice. We ordered the Mahi bowl--Mahi was cut up in cubes ( the 3 pieces of them), had no flavor! Also ordered the kids fish sticks which looked like something from Captain D's (so much batter).  Their "lunch special"-- a measly taco with one side and drink for $8.  Gave our recommendations/complaints to the owner who apologized and said she would look into it. The waitress had no manners, didn't even thank us or wish us a good day as we left. Definitely not recommending this to friends and will not return.
3	I went to Longboard's for the first time on a Friday night. As is typical with the area, parking can be an issue. However, the area was dead and I found street parking immediately. I was surprised how slow they were for a Friday night with live music. The musician was great and made us stay there longer than if there was no live music. I was unsure if I wanted to try out their food and ordered chips and salsa to start and give more time to look over the menu. They gave us a choice of two sauces. The server recommended their pineapple salsa and the salsa verde. The chips were a little on the stale side. The pineapple salsa was good, but it was a little to spicy for my taste. I did not care for the salsa verde, something tasted off and the consistency was not pleasant. It had the consistency of pureed baby food. Unfortunately, it did not give me that appetite to try any additional food. The restaurant itself, I liked. Very laid back, good service, and they have a decent selection of brews. I know they just opened, so I plan on going back in a few weeks and trying out there food and will write another review.
5	My family and I were craving tacos, but didn't want to go to the original places that we've been going to. I remember a client raving about Longboards and decided to get it a go. The atmosphere was relaxed and family orientated. We ordered chips and salsa, steak taco, chicken taco, and the veggie taco. All the food was amazing. I definitely recommend Longboards and I can't wait to take my boyfriend the next go around. I enjoyed their black beans with rice. It was different and not your traditional runny beans covered in rice. The tacos all had wonderful zesty flavors and I like the fact that you can choose from different types of salsas that they have to offer when you order the chips. Next go around I want to try their fish tacos since the server recommended it. Cool concept and I felt like I was at the beach with the surf board decor.
2	I live in the area and so was excited about a relaxed/surf-y tex-mex spot to grab some casual, healthy-ish tacos and beers.  The food is not bad and there is a decent beer selection.  However, everyone writing about this place being overpriced and not that great are unfortunately very accurate.  Like other comments stated whoever is running this spot thinks they will charge a bunch and make a big pop in the beginning and is not thinking about building a loyal, satisfied customer base.  There food should be about 2/3 the price that it is and maybe their Noda beers are $3 on thurs but if you are there on a different day be prepared to pay $6-$6.50 for a glass of that same beer that is brewed just a few miles down the street.  It's sad because I was hopeful on this being a decent spot that didn't try to stick it to you for mid grade food.  Maybe they will change the plan or the next tenant here will understand about passing along value (let alone added value) to the customer.
2	After having an overwhelmingly positive first experience here, and preaching the gospel of Longboards to all who would listen, it's time to recant.I don't want to die a martyr for a restaurant I don't believe in.Here's what happened. We stopped in just after 5pm on the day they opened. Everything, with the exception of the strange salsa situation (they don't give you much and they charge a lot for it) was wonderful.The food was great, the service was attentive, and we were impressed with their draught beer selection. I ordered the tempura avocado tacos and LOVED them. The Mr enjoyed what he ordered as well.And that's where the good stops.Yesterday evening, we stopped in after calling to make sure that they had power. We sat at the bar and ordered ginger ales to drink. Driving on all those curvy roads to circumvent the downed trees and intersections without traffic lights had made me both hungry and queasy. But the ginger ale tasted weird. The ratio of syrup and carbonated water was way off. This portended much of what was to come.We chose to order the guacamole, since it supposedly was made to order. Um, no. It wasn't. It tasted okay, but wasn't anything to write home about it. And the chips were BORING. Plus, our server/bartender tried to convince us to buy salsa for $.50 no fewer than 3 times throughout our meal. What?I ordered the tempura avocado bowl, since I had enjoyed it so much in taco form just a few weeks ago. The Mr had a chicken burrito with "baja" fries. Hmmmmm...bland. Everything.My bowl had rice and beans (which were okay), diced red pepper (didn't really go with everything else) and a TON of minced onion. There was some dairy-laden sauce on top. But the true travesty was the tempura avocado. The tempura batter failed on every level. It was not crisp. Not flavorful. It added nothing to the bowl. And the flavor of the avocado was just wrong. I ended up pushing it all to the side of the bowl because I couldn't eat any more. Which surprised even me, since I'm an avocado lover.The Mr's burrito was forgettable, except for the high concentration of cumin, which made it harder to forget. Oh, and the "baja" fries? Just french fries with some supposed lime salt. All we tasted were fries. Such a disappointment.I'm sad. I wanted this place to be great. I wanted them to create a culture of fun and great food. They've done neither. My verdict: save your money and go somewhere with creative menu items, good prices and a consistent experience. Not Longboards.
4	No idea where all these bad reviews are coming from - we had a great experience at Longboards tonight. The food was fresh and delicious, great beer list, friendly and attentive service. Very family friendly atmosphere, but can imagine it as a great bar as well. Loved it! we'll be back.
2	Really wasn't too impressed.  The service was lousy and the food was mediocre.  Probably will not return.
2	The food was fine, but the service glacial. Not sure about a return visit.
4	Pleasantly surprised after reading other reviews. Was greeted quickly and offered drink specials. Ordered 2 of the homemade salsas and chips. The habanero was awesome and definitely hot. The tomatillo was also very good. We ordered the chicken bowl and the BBQ Mahi tacos. Both were excellent and full of flavor. Serving size was also big, couldn't finish our meal. The chicken in the bowl was good quality and not frozen chicken as some places use. The cilantro sour cream sauce was good and something different. I will definitely go back and try some of the other options.
1	Nope.  For starters, we had to send the guacamole back because it was way to salty to eat. And let me make it clear that we are not the kind of people that send food back! The waitress replaced it with queso. It was nothing memorable. I ordered the taco salad which was mediocre. The biggest problem was that it had that God awful guac all over it. My boyfriend had the Mahi fish tacos. The fish was cooked well and the tacos were decent but again the guac made an unwelcome appearance. Luckily it was in a glob so he could scrape it off. The best thing on the table was my margarita. It was $4.00 on special. Prices were reasonable but we were not happy that we were charged for the replacement queso. The atmosphere was nice. It had a California/ surf vibe. The bar seemed like a chill place to grab a drink. We had to park across the street in an little store's parking lot because the garage in the building specifically said that Longboard patrons would be towed. We won't be returning.
2	We went for a late lunch on a Saturday afternoon, there were about 4 other tables that were occupied. When we walked through the door, there was not one staff person on the floor. We waited a few minutes for someone to come out and greet us, which should have probably been our first clue as to how the experience was going to be.  We sat down and our server came over (who was very nice, just clearly not very informed) to get our drink orders and tell us about the menu.We ordered the 'mini enchiladas' at least I believe that is what they were called, what they really were is the frozen Mexican egg roll that you get somewhere like Chili's...dissapointing to say the least, especially for $8.50.I wanted to order two different tacos, but they don't allow that....why I don't know.  But they have what they call a 'sampler platter', which is chef's choice each day.  I ordered that with 2 tacos, since our waitress told me that it worked out because the two I wanted were 2 of the 3 that were available that day. Problem solved...or so I thought.  She came back a few minutes later saying that the tacos went in a certain 'order' so i couldn't have those 2, I would have to order the 3 tacos to get the two I wanted. I agreed, since my boyfriend would eat the one I didn't.  The order then came out and it was 3 of the taco I didn't want....I informed the person who brought them out, who I believe was the manager, she said she would take them back and bring me what I ordered. Then she came back and said that our waitress was clearly having a problem with communication, because the 2 tacos I wanted were not in fact the tacos on the sampler platter.  In the end I just ordered 2 tilapia tacos. They were dry and didn't have any flavor, there was more red onion on the taco than anything else.We really wanted to support a new local business, but I can safely say that with all of the other great places to get tacos around southend we will not be returning.
3	Man....I really wanted to like this place....again. I had high hopes for these guys making a difference and shaking off the expectations of many, but, alas, I'm proven wrong. First time in, the food was stellar, the service was decent, and the entire experience promised for more future visits. Well, that ship has crashed and burned. Hard. Came in for an early dinner and sat at the bar. We were pumped after our previous visit so we figured the rest of the menu had to be promising. Not so much.I ordered the baja burrito. Yuck. It was so bland and glittered with overpowering cumin flavor. A sneeze of black beans, weak, dark meat chicken, and, the worst decision of all, was that it's pressed. NOT the best flavors as the tortilla was rather burnt in places. No thanks. We ordered the guac to share and it was fine. They did say "made to order," though. It was freezing cold. Flavor was fine, but disappointing for the price/serving size. Worst part? The service. Goodness gracious. The bartender tried to upsell us on salsa with our chips not once....but THREE times. Come on, man. We didn't want it the first time, so no need to try and drive up the ticket price. Really annoying and rather unprofessional. I'm knocking off a star for this place. Only reason it's 3 and not 2 stars is because the Mexican Street corn is still awesome and the pablano shrimp tacos are pretty good. Other than that, I don't see a visit happening again in the future unless something drastic changes. Just left a really bad taste in my mouth.
3	Had the veggie tacos and fries. LOVED the fries! The tacos had a variety of veggies on them and they weren't bad, just very messy to eat. I would likely choose another place for tacos in the future, but may be persuaded to give this place another shot for the fries.
2	My wife and I came here on a Friday night with our 15 month old toddler. Probably won't be coming back, unless they make some changes.  First impression: host and hostess were friendly, seated us right away, got us a highchair immediately, and asked if we needed anything for our child. Off to a good start...We were seen immediately by the waitress (Taylor I think) and another girl she was training. Both were nice, friendly, and full of smiles. Taylor tells us their "special" today is a $4 Kona Longboard draft. Thinking I missheard I asked her to repeat that. Nope, their beer special is a $4 draft. That's not a "special" folks, that's just a normal priced beer. On the plus side, however, they had a pretty good beer selection, though with no prices on the menu I think they failed themselves there. It's not a nice enough place for a no-price drink menu.The chips and salsa cost $3.75 (which is $3.75 more than every other taco place I've been to in my life), but we ordered them anyway because they came with "bottomless chips" and our choice of 2 salsas from a list of 4 or 5. The chips were light and actually pretty tasty, with no complaints about either of the salsas. That is until we ordered a refill of our "bottomless" chips, and were told the chips were bottomless but not the salsa. Ummm, ok maybe you should have said that upfront. 75cents for each extra salsa. We felt tricked, which instantly put a bad taste in our mouth, even before the mediocre entrees did the same.Before we even ordered our entrees, we felt they were $3-$5 overpriced. For example, $12 for 2 corn tacos, $15 for 3 (though it does come with a side). For carb-watchers, they offer lettuce-wrap as a taco option, which we felt was a smart move, along with traditional corn or flour. I got the corn, my wife got the lettuce wrap. Unfortunately, both were so poorly put together that we had to eat our tacos with forks. Shout out to the service, they fulfilled our high-maintenance order of 2 different 2-taco entree choices, each with 1 lettuce wrap and 1 corn wrap so we could split them. It's too bad neither taco was very good (we got the carne asada and tacos el pastor). For sides, my wife got the mexican street corn, which was by far the best thing we ordered. GET THIS SIDE. It's delicious. I could have skipped the entrees and the salsa and just gotten like 5 of these and been happy. I got the jicama radish slaw, which tasted like undressed shredded lettuce and carrots. I saw neither jicama nor radish. DO NOT GET THIS SIDE.Here's what we would tell the management if they had a "contact us" option on their website:1) Reduce entree prices by at least $32) Always offer a reasonable drink special, even on Friday nights.3) If you offer bottomless chips (and charge for them), also offer bottomless salsa. Otherwise your patrons will feel ripped off and that feeling will not go away.Bottom line: we probably won't go back anytime soon, but if they're still around in 6 months we'll check the menu to see if they've changed anything and potentially give it another try at that time. We live nearby and would love to see them be successful, they just need a lot of work and hopefully are reading reviews, taking advice, and adapting accordingly.
3	I really wanted this place to be awesome. But I'd say average. Mahi tacos were good, but they don't heat their corn tortillas, so they immediately rip apart on your first bite. Ate a taco with a fork. Honestly, a taco place should know how to make a taco right.  My husband thought the flour tortillas were too buttery and meat seasoning wasn't interesting. Fries and street corn sides were delish. Beer bueno. Service ok, but our server refilled my friend's Dr Pepper with water, completely forgot. The servers should try to look more put together as well. Over $100 for six people was a little absurd for quality and amount of food.  I'd rather go to Cabo fish taco.
3	This place is OK. Chips and salsa are great. Margarita not great. I think it might be a pre-mix. Our drinks took a little too long for a non-busy day. I had the surf and turf tacos. They were good, but I've had better. Plantains were not that great. i think they add brown sugar to them which is super unauthentic. Beer selection is not great. Overall, I was a bit disappointed. The meal wasn't bad. I just know a couple of much better Mexican places worth revisiting.
1	I can get past the lack of parking given the area, I can even overlook the fact that I wanted to eat here on a Sunday and they were closed. I think that might be a shot in the foot considering it's a restaurant in a walkable area and many people are out and about on the weekends, but I'm not a restaurant owner so what do I know? But there are a few things that I just can't NOT comment on.First of all, it's a taco joint and chips and salsa do not come free. You have to pay for chips and salsa that, frankly, taste like they came from Costco. Definitely not freshly prepared.My biggest issue with Longboard's though: the service. Holy moly. We had a party of two and our meal took an hour and a half. On a Monday night. And it's not like the place was slammed or anything. Geez! I could have caught my own fish and made the tacos myself at that rate. It was terrible. The food was ok, but definitely not worth the trouble.The only saving grace was that we happened to go on Monday night when they offer beer flights for $3.50. Thank goodness for the beer.
5	FANTASTIC!!!!! You have to try the Tempura Avocado Taco, one of Longboard's original creations! You should probably go on an get the plantains too, they are delicious!
2	The fella and I had been tossing around trying this place for awhile, but the Yelp reviews were so iffy that we were nervous.  However, I snagged a coupon, and we visited on a Wednesday right after work.  We got the Burrito Slammer appetizer ($8.25 for 4), which was light and flaky with a good amount of smoky meat, corn and beans.  We both agreed it needed a little tang or something, but solid overall.  I got the Tacos Al Pastor for dinner (2 for $10), and the pineapple salsa gave me the tang I'd been wanting to balance out the smoky pork... however, it did also make the corn shell pretty soggy.  I got the plantains on the side and... oh, the poor plantains.  I don't know what they did to them, but they were in a weird, brown, sugary sauce and the plantains themselves seemed dry and overcooked.  It made me miss Viva Chicken.  The fella got the taco sampler (2 for $11.50), which came with the Carne Asada and Tilapia.  He said both were surprisingly good, but the Carne Asada was better.  He also got the side of Mexican Street Corn, which was fried and on a stick.  He said it was flaky and buttery.  We were also glad to see local breweries represented, and he got a Triple C 3C.  I got the house margarita and it was fine.Onto the bad.  So, I can't tell what the vibe is supposed to be.  I can get on board (no pun intended) with a California surfer vibe, but the decor doesn't really go with it - bright, loud colors and the bass so loud in the Sublime songs they were playing that I was afraid a speaker was gonna blow.  There was a Jack Johnson song every now and then, but I don't wanna hear thumping bass at 6 p.m.  When we left, there was a live musician setting up; in such a small place, it seems like that would've been loud.  Glad we got out before that happened.As others have said, the parking is a little tricky.  We parked at Berrybrook, but since it was 6:00, they were still open and you can only park in some of their spaces after 5:00 but before they close.  We went inside to check, and they were super nice about directing us to a spot, but it's still just an annoying space overall.And the worst... we both got a dirty feeling from the place.  They have a 96 rating (we searched for it before we ordered), but my silverware had something on it as did one of the appetizer plates they brought us.  And I certainly don't want to be hateful on a review, but their wait staff - although super nice and attentive - did not seem clean at all.  I'll leave it at that, but we won't be back.  Bummer, dude.
2	I don't plan on returning. The food was disappointing. The services was just ok. And you have to pay for chips & salsa with your $12 tacos. Give me a break.
3	We was sorta looking forward to eating here and hoping for good things. I have to say the art and things inside is really neat and they said all from local artist.    The service was sorta slow and they wasn't that busy when we arrived. Beer could have been alot colder( I judge alot on cold beer!). We started with the cheese dip and it wasn't bad just nothing that is going to blow your socks off you know. We did tacos and they was just so so and sorta bland tasting, they do stuff them full of meat/fish etc.. Just was hoping for more flavor I guess. Not sure if we will return but it was worth a shot , hard to find good fish tacos in this town.
4	I preach the gospel of Longboard's Tempura Avocado Tacos. These things are FANTASTIC!! The tacos are generously portioned with avocado, roasted corn, black beans, tomatoes, cheese and cilantro sour cream and the tamarind sauce that they drizzle on the tacos is to die for... yum!! I'm also quite partial to the plantains and their pineapple salsa.The service is friendly, the atmosphere is fun, casual and beach-y. I've eaten at Longboards many times and the food has consistently been delicious and I've always had a blast.Give this place a shot. You'll be pleasantly surprised!
4	Came to this place for brunch.   I've seen this location go from Picasso's to Sutton House and now to Longboards.  The place has a great location but just can't keep something (just like the location next to Lebowskis).  Chips and salsa are free.  Sunday's batch tasted better than Saturday's batch so I guess that means it is fresh.The Brunch menu has only 4 items which concerned me at first, but they have the full lunch menu as well.  I opted for the plantain appetizer which was awesome but had a ton of cheese. For brunch I had the pancakes foster.  It was quite sweet and tasted how I expected.Service was good, but their beer prices seem a bit high (I think it was $6 for an OMB Copper).  Maybe I just missed the meaningful beer specials, but aside from that Longboards has potential.
4	I went into Longboards after hearing and seeing mixed reviews. The reviews online didn't seem too favorable, but my friends had been and raved. When there was a fundraiser for Hemby Heroes (a group that supports Hemby Children's Hospital), it seemed like the perfect time to try it out. Overall had a great experience, and it's clear they are working to make improvements after a rough first few weeks/months. I will absolutely go again.I will say first off, the CHIPS AND SALSA ARE NOW FREE (almost all of the reviews previously had commented on that). They still have some specialty salsas on the menu that are extra, but they kept the freebies coming and they were great. The manager stopped over not once, but twice to our table to make sure we were having a good night. Always appreciate that. My only complaint right off the bat was that I ordered a skinny margarita and it took 20 minutes to arrive. The waiter was apologetic, but 20 minutes is a little crazy after a long day of work! I'm pretty sure skinny margaritas aren't typically on the menu, but the one they made was perfect.Dinner - everyone seemed quite pleased with their selections! I had the BBQ tuna tacos with the mexican street corn and Loved it. Ate every bite. The tuna tacos are easily on par with Cabo. My boyfriend swears by the southern fried tacos, and one of our friends got a combo of the tuna and cilantro lime mahi. All looked and sounded good. Our other friend ordered the southwestern salad and enjoyed it, but it looked like way too much lettuce for my taste.Beer specials were better than what it looks like they've had previously. All NC beers were $3.50. However, I will note there was some confusion when the bills came about the special. Apparently * is different from ** on the menu. The waiter was nice enough to give us the special price anyways, but that seemed like way too much going on for a beer menu.Overall, had a great experience. I do think there are a few kinks to still be worked out, but they seem committed to having great food and service. Will definitely be back.
3	First of all  I am not a fan of any Mexican place that charges for chips and salsa. The Street Corn is awesome and so are the two types of veggie tacos. The other stuff is okay. I don't eat meat but my meat eating friends weren't really impressed. They said it was good but not great. There kegs are often tapped so don't get too excited about a particular beer because they may not have it.
