4	This is why I like this Verizon location. It is more laid back than the other corporate Verizon locations. And being more laid back the customer service and waiting times are less than the other corporate Southeast metro Las Vegas stores that I know of.
5	This is a great store! I had problems with another verizon store on maryland and this store helped me as best as they could! Problems we not completely solved but he did help the best he could! Would recommend this store over all other las vegas stores!
3	this is my local verizon store. these people are always super nice and helpful with all my questions. the only thing that irks me is they are always are trying to sell me something i do not want.
5	I've been to this Verizon twice. Once was to inquire about having a joint plan with my husband several months ago, the second was recently to actually make the switch.I find most cell phone companies to be about the same, but Verizon does have exceptional coverage. Since my husband is already with Verizon we decided to keep his plan, add me to his plan, and get rid of my T-Mobile plan. The great thing about switching services these days is the ability of the new provider to just do it for you. All I did was provide my account number.This place was busy when we arrived. Luckily the staff is very competent and quick to engage new customers to find out what they need and put them on a wait list. Honestly I don't think we waited more than about 20ish minutes. Both the ladies who helped us were very friendly and knowledgeable. It seemed as though our switch was easy-peasy for them to do. That's a good sign of superior customer service. Overall I'm very pleased with our experience here.
3	My nine month old Blackberry 9900 stops working Friday night. Won't charge, won't turn on, nothing. It didn't get wet, didn't drop it, wasn't siting in extreme heat, nothing. I turned the sound off to go into the bank, and when I came out and tired to turn the sound back on, dead phone.I take it to Verizon Wireless the following day, and what a shock: they want to force me to get another phone. Because at Verizon, they don't fix phones, they take your money. In December I had to get a new phone for a similar problem, but was in in DC working. They took one look at the phone and said I had to get a new one. I told that to the Verizon guy at the Flamingo/Sandhill location in Vegas (I think his name was David) and he just sighed and rolled his eyes and said "We don't know what's wrong with your phone."Yeah. No shit.I point out that my other phone, the one that their DC partners said was dead and there was no way to fix it last December, now suddenly works again. Again he sighs, looks at me and says I'm going to need a new phone, it will arrive Tuesday.Go without a phone for four or five days? Oh hell no. So I ask him to activate my old phone, you know the one that was supposedly dead. He can, but their system is down. I ask if I would be getting a refund for this new phone that is now dead, that my parents purchased because I was told my old phone was dead, but now that phone is miraculously working. No refunds for you I'm told, your warranty ended last month. So I'm being sent a replacement phone which is probably someone's used phone that Verizon told them was dead and they'd have to get a new phone.Verizon has great service when it comes to phone usage, but when you actually need customer service? You are fucked. And it wasn't just me who was getting attitude and not help, another woman was having trouble with her three day old phone and the Verizon guy was being sassy with her.It's 2013, people are addicted to their phones. When it breaks, we panic, we want help. We don't understand what's going on and we go to our phone carriers for answers. I understand some customers are rude and pushy (trust me, I was not, when he was sighing and rolling his eyes at me, I felt the Strong Black Woman bubbling up inside of me, and I went and sat down) but it doesn't help the situation when you just throw rudness and pushiness right back. Try to be nicer Verizon employees, and learn how to fix people's phones!I gave it an A-ok rating and not "I've experienced better" because I have not experienced better when it comes to Verizon and I don't think I ever will. The manager Brandon was very nice though, but he spelled my name wrong on the check-in TV.
1	Walked in today to make a simple exchange and Art had no idea how to treat a client. He was rude short and condescending I'll never return to this store and you shouldn't either!
1	Just got out of this store on W Flamingo.  Its absolutely the WORST one.  The old blond hag with glasses was very rude as soon as I walked in.  I've been a Verizon customer for over 10 years, and it was the worst customer service ever.Do not go to the W Flamingo store!  Or you will be walking out of there pissed off.  But do go to the West Charleston store, where everyone is friendly and awesome.  That's exactly what I did today.
1	I've been told that Verizon provides the fastest and the most reliable. Subscribed to their single plan and had the worst service ever. There are times that I cannot send messages or call. I cant even access the data plan the've been spouting on their website. Phew, this place really sucks, just wasted my money for nothing. Wasted a bunch of money + Stress-out myself. That's very ugly for a customer to experience.
1	Been here 3 times and each time myself or a family member who is in my account with me has been insulted. As far as mocking them for being deaf. I came in every time with cash in hand for new phone throughout the years and once forgotten to pay my bill ahead of time so I could purchase and when I looked at the reps hand held tablet to see my account balance he jerked it away and yelled at me and told me my own account was none of my business. Then when I was criticized and actually laughed at for having a past due bill I decided to walk out and go to another location to pay and purchase from. Years ago this was the friendliest store but not anymore. I'm glad it's moved to a new location closer to my home, hopefully it has new staff or senior staff working at it that know plenty about customer service skills and politeness and not mocking people who are hearing impaired. This location was a huge blemish on Verizon's reputation with me.
