5	I live behind the Paddy Cake bakery.  Despite the inevitable disruption of back porch dinners (by a very loud garbage truck that comes around 9pm every night)  I love the Paddy Cake bakery.  It's probably, though, more accurate to say that I love sharing an alley with the Paddy Cake bakery.  The people watching is amazing.  The company of those people is even better.All the staff, Melvin, Kenny, Reggie, and the others are super friendly and generous with their baked goods.  All in all, an indispensable Bloomfield business.
2	Paddy cake bakery is a step up from the typical grocery store bakery but not by far. While many of the pastries are "good" I haven't had anything from this bakery that really called me back for more. One might say there is a "richness" lacking in ingredients.Many of the pastries are average price 75 cents to $1.50 for individual pastries with some items on sale for a $1 and I suspect these sale items might be a cheap, risk free way for you to acquaint yourself with this bake shop. I've visited Paddy Cake on 3 occasions.  Once had small cookies with chocolate icing centers (can't remember the name), once a creme filled Pizzelle ( icing too sweet and not rich enough for me), and once a cupcake that tasted just like the very cheap ones you might find in the grocery.To be sure this place is a bit of a Bloomfield icon, and you might enjoy the bake shop charm is has to offer. It is to be noted that this location is not for sitting and eating or loitering. It's simply a shop to drop into and satiate the sweet tooth.
3	I've stopped at Paddy Cake Bakery several times since moving to the East End of Pittsburgh. While the selection seems more geared towards sweet baked goods then breads, it's still extremely well stocked and the staff is some of the friendliest I've met in Bloomfield. I'd love to see some more bread, roll, bagel, etc options as I rarely partake in sweet baked goods. The hours, while not really accommodating for someone who leaves for work at 6:50am and doesn't get home till 6:10pm, are still long enough to be accessible to most people. I will say though that while the selection of sweets is large, none of the things I've tried have really struck me as unique to this bakery or to the East End. I think that if the bakers in the back took some time to develop some signature items that would make them stand out from the general bakery and I'd most likely not stop anywhere else.
4	This was my first visit to Paddy Cake.  I had to pick up a little something for this diabetes support group I belong two.  Yes, I am aware of the irony folks.  Just remember this, diabetics can have cakes and sweets in moderation!  And my little group has evolved into an excuse to get together and play cards or board games!  Anyway, I picked up a small coffee cake for the occasion.This place is a treat just to walk into.  It's got everything a traditional bakery should have and is very inviting.  I read a few bad reviews on Google about their customer service.  I don't see why--their service seemed fine to me.  I haven't actually tasted the cake yet, so I can't comment on it.
3	it's OK. I stopped by this bakery on the way to the bank, looking for something to satisfy my sweet tooth. Nothing really caught my eye or got my mouth watering. I ended up picking two chocolate patties with peanut butter filling ($4/both). I wasn't two impressed: the cake seemed a bit stale and the filling was not creamy.I do have to say some of the cakes didn't look half bad. But, it seemed like Paddy Cake is comparable to the bakery section of your typical grocery store which is disappointing since I'm always on the lookout for mouth watering sweets.
5	Sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night screaming, "I NEED TO GO TO PADDY CAKE BAKERY". Okay, that may be a lie, but if you've been here you'd know why I'm saying this.As much as I love the newfangled bakeries such as Vanilla and the now defunked Dozen, to me, there is nothing like a good old fashioned take a number type of bakery. Paddy Cake is located on Liberty Avenue near West Penn Hospital. If you blink you'd miss it which leaves more cookies for me.It's hard to describe the desserts with any other adjective other than delicious. I hate to sound corny and easy to please but the thumbprints are to die for. Everything I've bought there has been better than I anticipated. Donuts- amazing. Cookies- wonderful. Pastries- Delicious. I think you get the point. I feel like I come with a ten dollar bill, leave with money and have a bag full of goodies. The money will soon be spent on milk to wash these puppies down.
2	My family has ordered from this bakery for OVER 20 YEARS- POSSIBLY 30?! Well, in the past 9 years or so, I have seen their quality rapidly go further and further downhill. Worse and worse quality to the product, declining taste and poorer ingredients are plainly evident. Sloppier and sloppier decorating, ruder and ruder counter staff.We have continued to shop there simply due to the location being convenient, but these days you are really TAKING YOUR CHANCES as to whether the items you buy from them will be somewhat tasty or TOTALLY INEDIBLE. Still, I try to support neighborhood businesses as much as possible so it does break my heart to trash them in a review like this, but these things need to be said.They continue to have a lot of customers due to their location and due to people remembering how good they USED TO BE, so when folks are back visiting their old neighborhood, they return to this bakery for the memories. But oh, how the standards have fallen!We got some cupcakes for a party last year in November that we literally could not eat, they were so dry and bad- they went in the trash (not cheap either). Thank goodness it was just a small kiddie birthday get-together and not an important occasion with guests I would have been embarrassed in front of.We considered getting our wedding cake from them (again, in order to support a neighborhood place) in 2008 but they gave us such a hard time regarding even getting an appointment for a cake consultation that we went with another baker, out in the west end. Looking back, I am glad it happened that way.As for daily items, their breads are usually decent and their donuts are edible (not great, just satisfactory) but have way too much sickly-sweet frosting. Cookies are usually fine but sometimes their cake decorating is clearly being done as such a rush job that it's sloppy beyond description. Danishes and many other items give the impression that something went sort of wrong with the recipe, items are heavy and greasy when they should be fluffy or flaky or soft and moist. Items seem overcooked or undercooked. I wonder if they ever really taste test what they are producing. Also I don't know how they get away with serving such pathetic cannolis in an Italian neighborhood- pastry cream and zero ricotta, plus just in general- funky ingredients that are blantantly, obviously pre-fab, no fillings seem freshly made, it's all out of some mass-produced tube. And for this low quality, they make you pay premium prices, OF COURSE!Nothing is marked with price or name of the item, and when you ask, most of  the counter staff consistently take a disgusted tone with you and treat you like you are stupid, rolling their eyes at you (the only exception being the youngest girls that work there, in their early 20s, who are consistently very good at being polite when helping customers). The more mature ladies frequently say snarky things to me like: "That's not a cinnamon SPIN, that's a cinnamon DONUT. That's not a DANISH, that's a FRUIT PASTRY." If you don't want to have to answer questions, then put up labels and tags with the names and prices and info, so customers can read what terms you are expecting us to use!Most recently, I picked up a birthday cake for my father's birthday, and it looked like a child decorated it. Seriously. I could have done a better job myself. Maybe they are employing the cheapest bakers and decorators rather than the more talented ones. If this is the case, it certainly shows.  I think I am DONE with continuing to try to support this "neighborhood landmark." Any time you complain, it seems to do no good-- they do not see the need to heed customer comments and improve.
3	After a tasty breakfast a few doors down at Rocky's, I decided to wander over to Paddy Cake Bakery and take advantage of the coupon from this year's Enjoy book good for 50% off a dozen donuts.  I'd read that the donuts are good, in particular the glazed (thanks to Amy R.).  I got half glazed (they really are amazing) and told the girl behind the counter to surprise me with a mix.  Unfortunately I think she decided to give me the less popular choices.  But still, a nice variety.  I also got a napoleon which was delectable.  Prices were reasonable.  My dozen donuts cost $4 with my coupon so I really can't complain about the price.I would like to give 3.5 stars but I can't justify giving 4.  I would go back to try a pastry if I happen to be walking down Liberty Avenue.
2	We stopped in this morning at Paddy Cake Bakery to sample some donuts/treats/whatever caught our fancy. It wasn't the nicest place on the inside, and the ordering process seemed kind of chaotic. It looked like they did have a "take a number" kind of system, but weren't using it when we were there. I ended up getting a cinnamon roll and a cake donut, as I couldn't decide and we were heading to the gym anyway, so I didn't feel guilty. Wife got a chocolate frosted longhorn style donut that was covered in sprinkles. I feel like a good measure of a place that claims to have amazing donuts is their plain cake donut. If you can do this properly, then good things are to come when you order other things. This was probably the worst plain cake donut I've ever had. It was dry, not at all crispy, and had no flavor. I couldn't even finish it. And I love pastry. I would have rather had a cake donut from Giant Eagle or Dunkin Donuts, and that's a sad statement. Those are honestly better. The cinnamon roll was just ok, until I bit into the center, where the dough was almost raw. I understand not wanting to over cook your cinnamon rolls, but this was not a fun surprise. I sampled my wife's donut as I wanted to be able to comment on it, and I found the chocolate icing to be artificial tasting. This is the first time I've eaten donuts and thrown pieces of everything away.This place was...well, edible. I didn't find it to be anything special. We didn't sample the cookies or cakes, but if the donuts are any indication, I don't want to try them.
5	After meeting with several bakeries that want to "rape your wallet" with crazy charges on wedding cakes, we met Susie from Paddy Cake.  She is absolutely fantastic - willing to listen to all of your crazy ideas and the prices at Paddy Cake are very reasonable.  The cake is also FABULOUS - seriously, the best white almond cake that I have ever tasted.  Not being able to wait until the wedding, we've actually ordered small cakes for every occasion preceding the event because the cake is just that good.  I highly recommend this bakery to anyone!  From the giant lady locks (seriously, the size of your face) to the freaking phenomenal wedding cakes, this place has it all.
3	I am a huge dessert fan and love local bakeries.  My favorite thing to order from Paddy Cake are the doughnuts-love the iced sprinkle ones. I always call the day before to put my order in because they do run out of certain kinds early. It is also nice to have the doughnuts boxed up and not have to wait while you pick out the kinds you want. The staff is always friendly on the phone and my order is always correct and waiting for me.  Sometimes I stop to try a cookie-they are so tempting. The cookies are delicious and a variety of kinds are available.  The one thing I do not especially care for is their cupcakes/cake. I like a very dense cake and their cake is on the light, fluffy side and the buttercream icing is very average.
1	Recently was in the Bloomfield area and thought I would stop by for a donut.  I ordered a long john which looked pretty good.  Unfortunately it wasn't.   I am pretty sure they simply took a hot dog bun and fried it, then put icing on top.  I ate maybe a bite or two before offering it to a coworker.  So many great bakeries in Pittsburgh so I would not go back.
