4	Let's start off by simply saying this is the biggest indoor climbing arena in the world. Its on our doorstep, had you not heard about it? Neither had I. I learned of it the other day when I went on a group bonding exercise (not with work with a Beltane group anyway thats another story). We went to do the aerial assault course. This meant we did an assault course up in the air, obviously, but this being the biggest arena of its kind in the world we're talking properly high up. We were of course harnessed and roped to a rail but it was still fairly scary. What it meant though was there was a great view or not so great if you have vertigo or acrophobia (being in Beltane we didn't have too much acrophobia as the festival involves both acro and an acropolis). The place is just gigantic and filled with, seemingly, little people (they were very far down). It felt very science fiction, this huge enclosed area. Many many different climbing walls, some for kids some for crazy people who want to scale hundreds of sheer feet of wall. Its one simple bus ride away, catch the 12 or X48 and then walk along the canal past some lovely barges, keep going and then you'll see a sign for the arena. A great day out if you like climbing or heights or want to overcome vertigo or like futuristic arenas.
5	If you've never been before, you'll get the biggest surprise you've ever had when you drive up and walk into the EICA at Ratho. From the outside you can't see anything at all, but when you walk inside, and over to the observation window, the quarry opens up in front of you with a stunning view of the largest indoor climbing arena in the world!I've climbed here numerous times over the past few years, and have enjoyed each and every visit! There are 3 main climbing walls with grades ranging from 2 to 8b and you can either  top rope or lead climb. The routes are interesting, varied and routinely changed to keep you on your toes and give you a great workout. There is a bouldering wall in the middle of the arena, and a separate bouldering room indoors. The staff are enthusiastic, friendly and more than happy to give you advice, correct your technique and keep you safe.Looking up above the main arena, there is a fantastic Aerial Assault course which I've yet to try...but looks so much fun! (you can pretend to be Spiderman on the zip slide!)The variety of other activities on offer from a gym, spa, childrens soft play area, cafe, Tiso store and conference facilities make this a great place to come and spend the day and there is pretty much something for everyone! As the centre is run by Edinburgh Leisure, you can get a discount with your Edinburgh Leisure card, and there are many courses on offer to get you up and climbing! Oh...and you can hire all the equipment too!My one piece of advice would be to wrap up with lots of layers. The arena is so large there is no heating and, as the winter creeps in, it can get quite chilly when you're not climbing (or even sometimes when you are!). It's better to have layers you can peel off, or add to! Some of the braver men will even climb topless : )I love climbing here, and the EICA is definitely worth a visit...even if it's just to grab a coffee, relax and watch all the climbing activity from that fabulous observation window!
5	*puts on best M&S advert voice*Ratho isn't just a climbing arena, it's an INTERNATIONAL climbing arena. I know this because it says so right there in the title. You might be confused in to thinking that this means the venue is filled with climbers of all different nations babbling in multiple languages as they ascend the walls of the climbing arena. The international accolade in its title actually comes from the fact that at the time of its opening in 2003 it was the biggest indoor climbing arena in the world...it could in fact still hold this title, Google can't give me an answer to this question. (Google is a little fuzzy on the details and most of the forerunners for the title take a more diplomatic route of calling themselves ONE OF the largest climbing arenas in the world...chickens!)Ahem...Anyway!I am a recent convert to indoor rock climbing. Before September this year the only things in my life I had climbed were stairs, hills and a lot of trees as a child. In an effort to try something new I decided to join a few more experienced yelpers when they discussed getting a climbing together. The only problem was I had no idea what I was doing. Not wanting to be a drag on the rest of the group, I signed myself up for a 3 hour beginners class at Ratho (the bonus being that my gym membership with Edinburgh Leisure scored me a discount, win!) so I would have some of what I was doing when climbing with the group. The beginners course was really excellent and you they walk you through everything you need to know before they will let you loose on the walls unsupervised. Whilst a lot of the course is obviously focused on safety and good practice there was also a section dealing with technique too. They also make you jump off the wall to practice saving falls if you're belaying, which actually is not something I appreciated. Jumping off walls is not fun...though watching small girls go flying in to the bottom of the wall is hilarious. I've been back several times since this course for both top rope climbing and bouldering. Having also climbed at venues like Alien Rock I feel a little spoiled having such amazing facilities right on my doorstep. There is a great choice of runs to climb up, though during busy times the choice of ropes is obviously more limited. Having a bouldering area on site really makes a big difference as it gives you a chance to warm up on some problems before tackling the roped walls. (Or if the place is really busy you can go bouldering for a bit until a rope becomes available again.) There is a lot of options for various climbing abilities and lead rope climbing facilities for when you graduate from top rope climbing. The place isn't without its flaws. Being carved out of a former quarry means the arena itself can be quite cold at times as there is no way to adequately heat it. Having an extra layer that you can put on/take off is essential during the colder months. Trying to climb a wall with cold fingers is not a pleasant experience either. Climbing here is also pretty pricey, especially if you don't have your own equipment. Entry costs plus shoe and harness hire really adds up making trips here a bit of a luxury rather than a regular occurrence. (This is with the discount I get with my leisure card.)On the whole it is a great place to climb and I always have a good time here. It's been awhile since my last visit and I'm itching to go back.
5	In every way awesome - setting, people, music, atmosphere, challenges. Only wish that it wasn't such a drive away!
4	I'd pretty much agree with all the reviews below me here. Great facility, very cold at times, pricey to go to, bloody our of the way, but always a great visit.There are various other things at the centre which aren't climbing, such as the ceramics childrens area, and the gym. I've not been to any of them but given how busy the car park can be whilst the arena is quiet means they must be pretty decent!
5	Fffffrrrreeeezing in winter, I'll accept, but I still like Ratho. A lot. Giant walls for climbing, shopping, bouldering, gym and massage, all in one space. I like it. Even more so since we signed up for the combined climbing and fitness card - so we can climb as much as we want, and also used the jaw droppingly impressive gym (Judo team use the same gym, so it is pretty impressive). Even better, as part of Edinburgh Leisure, we can also use other gyms/pools (including the Commonwealth... at an additional cost)/golf courses in the area for free. Given the 'lets go to the gym' feeling hits at random, it also means we can use the gyms closest to work, or home, without having to always pack in the distance. I'll be toning up in no time! Well, ok... at least it's the thought that counts...
2	The cappuccino I was served a couple of weeks ago was first class, but I've just had one where the milk must've been boiled... three times previously. It was absolutely awful. That said, the views of the arena, and the rolo slices are out of this world!
3	The Worlds biggest Climbing gym or something and home of the UK olympic climbing team or something as well. This is a good climbing gym. Its quite big and stretches underground. When you come up on it you dont realize how massive it is. I really like the climbing shop here you can try the gear on, they have a really good selection, and you can test the harness you try on from a rope hanging from the ceiling which is cool. This is where I get my gear from. The bouldering area is also pretty good, but damn they got some hard routes there for bouldering which is fun and refreshing. On to the main walls, they are high up! When I was standing on the ground with my mate looking up and seeing a little tiny person climbing I couldnt believe how far up the walls go! Thats pretty cool as well if your a serious climber and get tired of shorter wall then go here . The routes are also pretty good and get changed from time to time. Theres an obstacle course near the ceiling that looks crazy intense,( of course your strapped in so if you fall your caught) but its pretty intimidating and I have not mustered up the courage yet to complete that. My only problem with this place is its FREEZING in the winter so plan on climbing in gear you would need to climb K2 or Everest because you will become a popsicle and we wont find you till the thaw. I also dont feel like family when I come here were I do so when I go to alien rock. But other then that this is a serious climbing gym and be prepared to get an awesome workout if you spend the day here.
