4	I saw The Dark Knight here, and I must say the quality of thier theater was awsome. The audio was great and added to make the movie even more enjoyable! I wish I could have watched Ironman here.The location is also very nice. Many good restaurants and eateries next door to enjoy before you hit up the movies. Definetly a hang out spot for everyone young and old.
4	Always enjoy going to your theater.  Never have trouble getting to see what I want to see and your staff is very friendly. Went yesterday to see The Rite.  Loved it!
4	I like this theater. They have small budget/foreign films from time to time, much more often than at other theaters in the area. There are plenty of food options within walking distance of the theater, hotels & a spring training field. The benefit is also the negative in this case, lol. During spring training I wouldn't go anywhere near this place. The roads are so congested it's not worth it to me. If I do go I make it the 1st movie of the day! Most people don't like waking up early so that gives me an advantage, lol.
5	Welcome to my new home since I don't live in Chandler anymore..  I love Harkins Theaters and now that they're cheaper than AMC (if you go in the evenings), this is my choice.Seriously, my ideal theater is AMC experience with Harkins seats.  Strange huh?  Funny that the only theater that does that is the AMC westgate.. but I'll review that later.  What I love about this place is the location.  My God that's so important.  I dont have to drive around a damn mall just go to to the movies.. I can go to 83rd Ave and boom.. it's right there.  Plus the fact that it's around a ton of restaurants.  Makes for a great evening out.  The people at Harkins have always been great to work with.  Being involved with the Phoenix Film Foundation, Harkins is one of the partners, so it's been a long great relationship with them.  I hope they keep opening more theaters in great locations.  Hmm.. maybe we have that covered.    I think may see that new Nic Cage movie this weekend..
5	My favorite movie theatre
4	One of my favorite theaters.  They seem to up on the latest technology.  The place is always clean.  And it's across from Krispy Kreme; what else could you ask for? I generally I prefer Harkins over the others in town, in part because they are rooted here in the valley, but I like there frequent viewer program with the simple cup and T-shirt to get free popcorn and $1 sodas when we visit. I used to frequent AMC because of their program, but now you have to pay to join that.  Not OK with me.  I'm sticking with Harkins!
4	Today I brought a bus  load of teens to to watch Thor..the staff were very helpful and welcomed up with open arms..
4	This is probably my favorite Harkins theatre to catch a movie. I love the close proximity to great restaurants even though it can get pretty difficult to find a good parking spot on weekends. Theatres and seats are usually maintained fairly clean and moviegoers who come here are pretty respectful. No pack of 15 yr olds crowding the entrance waiting for their parents to pick them up here! Like Maggie mentioned, it's also your best bet if you're interested in catching a foreign or indie movie in the area, though they are never a guarantee, but definitely beats driving all the way to Camelview in Scottsdale when these type of films are available here.
4	I really like coming to this theater! It's clean, you don't have to wait in super long lines when getting your tickets and the employees are generally pretty helpful. Just make sure that you have your ID handy when watching popular rated R movies... sometimes they card you when you get your tickets and again when you are entering the theater. It's a little inconvenient but I appreciate the discouragement of obnoxious underage teens sneaking in.
4	Very nice theater. Nice that their child's ticket goes up to age 13 instead of the usual 12.
4	This is my favorite theatre in the area.  I am not a fan of AMC I think that their seating is extremely uncomfortable reminiscent of a Clockwork Orange.  I also think that the popcorn is fresher and less oily here.  Maybe I am just picky.
3	This Harkins is nice. And its right down the street from my house so I can't beat that. The only problem I have with this one is 2 things. 1.) They have this huge lobby and they hardly put up any good movie displays even during the summer. Im a big movie buff and I love when you would go to the movies and you would see all those cool huge displays of big movies that were coming out. Now they just throw up a banner and that's it. What a waste of a huge lobby. 2.) Its some of the people that go there. Alot of teenagers go there so expect to hear alot of fake screams during horror movies and just random talking throughout the movie about how Todd was suppose to be here with Kim but he's actually with Brent who's hanging out with Shaniqua bullcrap garbage. And alot of cell phones being used during the movie cause their all checking their facebook pages. Now don't get me wrong. Im not one of those "when I was your age" kind of guys. Im still a young guy myself and im not uptight by any means. But when I go to see Cowboys & Aliens. Im not trying to hear or smell a group of teens farting loudly and laughing about it thru the whole movie. And for anybody who is reading this review and is one of those people that do that in the theater. Just some advice. If your that gassy. Then either go to the drive-in so you can air out. Or sit your smelly ass home and wait for the DVD! Sorry to get off track fellow Yelpers, where was I?... Oh yeah Harkins Arrowhead, check it out!
4	Love the popcorn flavoring, the rocking seats and stadium seating!I choose to go to this thearter more often then the one across the street, which is also an Arrowhead thearter but is an AMC.Here they have the flavor topings for the popcorn and the seating just seems to be more comfortable. Come to think of it I cannot recall the last time I went to the thearter across the street....
4	Live nearby.... the seats are comfy, love the annual popcorn and soda deals...buy a pastic cup and reuse it every time, and your sodas are $1..buy a $25 tee-shirt, and wear or just carry it to the theater, and get a free medium popcorn. For $1, you can upgrade to a large, refillable popcorn. They have flavors for the popcorn, are quite clean, and with disount passes available at Costco? It's a relatively inexpensive movie outing for all!Can't say the same about AMC, Sorry....The only theater that beats this one is the 3D IMAX screen in Scotsdale; it's the largest one in the state, and fantastic for action movies!
5	Love movies...love popcorn...love Harkins Arrowhead Fountains 18!!!!!!!!!
4	By far my favorite theater and a world better than the UltraStar in Suprise.  I am also a fan of Harkins and choose them over AMC every time possible.  The ONLY thing that they really have to stay on top of is the roving packs of RUDE noisy teens that think the movie theater is the place to show how smart (read obnoxious) they are.  Seriously, you let people act like that and you will run off people with lots more disposable income that will go elsewhere.  Please keep the quality high, and manage the atmosphere.  You have a good thing here, but stay watchful for whether or not Harkins keeps it good.
4	Good clean movie theater. Of course the food is way over priced. Good note you can bring in bottle water from outside in.  The seats are pretty comfortable.
4	I've been going to this theater for over a decade now! I'm a huge fan of popcorn. I'm ashamed to say that I will go to this theater just to get the popcorn a few times even without going to a movie. Believe or not, the popcorn at this Harkins theater location is better than popcorn at other Harkins theaters. At other theaters, sometimes you'll get popcorn that has that slightly burned flavor or sometimes it just tastes "off."Not here though.. I promise! As far as watching movies go, the seats are comfy. They're your regular rocking chair movie seats. (Which could be a problem if you have a kid kicking your chair behind you, causing your chair to rock when you don't want it too... but that's a whole other story...) There's no option for motion seats or being served food by a waiter while you're watching a movie, but so what? The main point is to watch a movie in comfort and have awesome popcorn, right? So that's what you'll find here.
4	Oh Harkins...how I do love thee versus that of your evil competitor Ultra Star. I can always count on fresh popcorn, clean floors, and roomy theaters. Thank you for your loyalty programs to reward those of us who frequent your establishments and for offering a variety of pricing options that don't force us to jump through hoops to meet. The kids who work here are nice, make eye contact, and seem to like their jobs. The theaters and bathrooms are kept clean. All in all I can always count on a good visit at this Harkins location!
5	Love this theater! The management team was great when I had a special request, couldn't ask for better customer service.
3	Music for local commercials is WAY TOO LOUD. My movie buddy says she usually brings her earplugs so she's not bombarded. Loud music does not set the tone for a nice movie. Why not have silent commercials like other theaters? Our movie had sub-titles at the beginning. Only problem was that they were cut off the bottom of the screen. This went on for 15 minutes until someone or something finally fixed the screen. Some dialogue was missed. Shouldn't there be quality control in the theater control room?  Couldn't help but notice that the popcorn toppings area was a total mess.
3	It's always clean and well maintained. I've never run into rude movie goers at this location. More often than not this is my theater of choice.
4	I normally don't write reviews for movie houses, it seems no matter which location I am at Harkins seems to be about the same, but last night I was out at Harkins Arrowhead Fountain 18 and what I noticed was the lack of movie posters and movie items in the main lobby, it was very plain janeish, I kinda like looking at the new movie posters or huge cardboard cut outs of movie stars, so for me it was kinda a boring lobby.  But everything else is on point! Always get customer service and Harkins is a great place to catch a movie!
4	Clean.Staff seems to be more efficient lately. Buy your cup and t-shirt to use for a matinee and you can see a show for under $10!I prefer Harkins over the other theater brands. Plus they are an AZ company...money stays here in AZ. (yup, I read the trivia they flash on the screens.)
3	Its hard for me to go to regular movie theaters after going to the AMC esplanade. Its hard to go back to coach after flying first class. This one is by my house and a lot cheaper though, so we decided to go here to watch Django. Its a nice big movie theater. There are a ton of restaurants nearby, so you can have a few drinks before hand and head to the movies. Just FYI. there is always a sewer smell out front.I have been here several times and usually have a good experience. Sometimes the audience members ruin it though, and that is very frustrating. I would blame it on the teenagers, but adults in this movie theater have been very bad too. We like to get the refillable cups and bring them with us. Another fun thing is the different popcorn flavors you can add. It makes the popcorn pretty tasty.They also have military/student/senior discounts, so thats great. I will definitely be back but Esplanade is my favorite.
5	Clean theaters, nice and courteous staff. Definitely one of the best theaters around. And not all theaters are the same. And this one definitely stands above.
4	Clean theater, never long wait, and love the VIP tickets you can buy in a bunch. Only complaint is the popcorn seems not as fresh at times, or last check in there on Monday no salt on popcorn. You do have all the condiments and seasonings handy, so that is a plus. Perhaps have the butter station out as some theaters do. Love the loyalty cups!I do like that you hire people with disabilities!! (Noticed that on my last two visits.) Good work Harkins!!
3	This place is usually my number one to catch a movie. It's very clean, fast, and the management are friendly. The only complaint I have is the teenage staff that they seem to hire. While most would think it's just because their kids, I am 19 myself so It's not that. The main issue I have with them is their lack of self control. I say this  because every time I complain that my food is too plain or dry, which is not often, I get the scoff and eye roll every time. I also noticed when I went o see a movie yesterday that most of their staff are teenagers who walk around with brooms and chit-chat and don't do much else.Food is wonderful though, but pricey so plan on digging into your wallet.
5	I must say Harkins has it right and this location is one of the best. Very clean location, movie was actually good ( saw The Family ). Restrooms were clean and filled which is always good. I didnt do the concessions this time
4	The bars were kind of boring last night so we went to the movies and we seen The counselor, It was  sad movie but it was interesting and this Harkins is always superclean and everybody here is really nice and they really know how to make a really good movie experience at this location.
4	Very clean...  But the chairs tilt back so far, I can't touch the floor with my feet.  My feet fell asleep during the movie. Love the location, we walked from the Texas Roadhouse to the movies.
3	Whoa, I hadn't been here since my high school days.A Coke Freestyle machine? Neat! Electric reclining seats so relaxing I feel like I could just sleep through the entire film--and sometimes I do!Of course, some things never change. It is a mall, so expect roving packs of rabid teenagers both within and without the theater.
5	BEST popcorn....always hot, never too salty and the butter is just right.Awesome service....every time, even on the mega movie releases.  I wish all movie theaters were this good, I have my loyalty cup and my loyalty t-shirt!!!
5	Easily the best movie theater within a 10 mile radius.Good movie selection, top top customer service, amazingly clean, delicious popcorn, tilting chairs make you feel at home.My first choice for a movie and I am right between AMC Deer Valley, AMC Arrowhead, and here.
4	We love Harkins - more so that we want to patronize a local business and this Harkins never disappoints.Like anything in Arrowhead or in this area, expect to be the youngest person in the movie theater.  We usually try to go to the movies on Thursday or Friday Afternoon to see the recent additions - so we saw Wolf of Wall Street, lone Survivor, and monument men at this theater. All were on Friday at 2:00pm ish.  Even getting there 30 minutes early, the entire theater is filled with wheel chairs, air tanks, people sneaking in food and TONS of people.  We say that more so to prepare yourself to get there early - this is one theater where old people get there super early and you NEVER want to show up late (or even 10 minutes before) a movie starts or you won't get a seat.  I brought a friend with my and she didn't believe it until 20 minutes before the movie was going, the theater was full.The theater is clean.  Buy the Harkins cup each year to get your discounts on soda and these theaters won't disappoint.
5	There was a time when my boyfriend and I went to Harkins every single Friday to see a movie. Even though we don't see movies very often anymore, whenever we do we will not go anywhere but Harkins. It's clean, the prices are great and everyone who works there is friendly. Plus, it's awesome to contribute to the success of a local establishment rather than some chain!
5	Very clean theater with a very friendly staff. Average age of the customers is about 85 yo so try to avoid afternoon showings and go later at night when it's less crowded.
2	We normally regular the Parkwest Harkins so that is what I am comparing it too. It is not as clean or orderly as the Parkwest location. The bathrooms were dirty and there were lots of junk on the floor. Still just okay though!
1	I am a big fan of Harkins Theatres, but my movie was ruined by a person whose cell phone kept going off (either text or ring) by a flashing light.  Why do cell phones even have these.  I predict this will happen more often.  I explained to the manager, Jason that even though his employee may have checked the movie 20 minutes in that this problem occurred the whole last hour of the movie.  That flash must have occurred more than 20 times.  What does management expect me to do?  Get out of my chair, miss some of the movie to tell them?  All he would do is say that he was sorry.  He could see how upset that I was.  Those cell phone flashes are very distracting in the dark auditorium.
2	Ironically as I was using my silenced cell phone to check in to this theater on Facebook I was asked by the teenager attendant doing a theater check to put it away. Now, if I was disrupting the theater and my phone was making noise, I'd understand being hassled. But I wasn't doing anything remotely noisy. Will not set foot in another Harkins theater.
3	Use to think Harkins was, hands down, best theatre in state. Sorry, AMC is better; check out my AMC review. Food & ticket prices at Harkins are the cheapest, seats avg, sound good. Popcorn here has the flavored sprinkle to add which is great; white cheese & ranch! Love the Harkins cup; been getting them since the late 90's. Should purchase a t-shirt for free popcorn, but don't. Staff is nice enough, but as a whole the theatre looks outdated.
4	Big theatre, stadium type seating.  Service is good.  Pretty "run of the mill".
1	I was there in the afternoon on December 31. Someone took a sharp object to the side of my car and the rear panel. They did $1200 in damage. Called Harkins and wasn't even told by manager that he was sorry. Had to write Harkins to even get an apology.
