5	It is really hard to believe that a place this nice has prices so low. I decided to check out the newest nail salon that recently opened near my house. The decor is beautiful..tile floors, shear curtains between the pedi chairs, the greeter dressed handsomely in a 3 piece suit.  I have had quite a few pedis on my life...some in nice salons and some in strip mall nail shops. This feels and looks like a high end salon yet I still only got charged $25 for my pedicure. If you love being pampered and surrounded by beautiful interior decorating you should definitely check this place out.
5	My stylist over at Sola Salon a few doors down recommended this place for a pedicure which I desparately needed.  I made an appointment for myself and a friend who wanted a manicure for her birthday present.  The salon decor is very calming and clean.  The staff are all very friendly. The pedicure chairs are full massage chairs, and the pedicure "tub" if you will is a beautiful glass looking bowl with different colors. They charge $25.00 for the pedicure and even give you a warm stone massage afterwards! It's so relaxing and five weeks later, the polish is still on with minimal chips, and I am rough on my feet, playing softball, ice hockey, and taking boxing classes.
5	Kudos to Jack and Bella Grande!  Classy shop and first class treatment with prices no higher than any neighborhood nail salon.  Hot towels in winter, cool towels in summer, iced water with fruit garnish, very attentive white coated operators - fabulous!
5	Moved out here from California so I am very turned off by how expensive beauty services get out here. With that being said, Belle Grande Nails & Spa is the perfect niche of quality and value. They are very customer satisfaction oriented, and they use top-quality everything. I've never had warming lotion used on my hands and legs before! The water they serve is delicious as well, and the curtains around the spa pedi chairs are a nice touch. Overall, I felt very well taken care of. Definitely coming here again.
3	This was the 2nd time that I went here.  First time was fine.  Today, I was a little disappointed as the tech that I had didn't use ANY pressure when massaging my legs and feet, so I asked him to rub them a little harder before the polish.  When we were done he mentioned that he wasn't sure if the owner would charge extra for that.... I said, "I would hope not!"  I figured since I didn't need much 'work' done on my feet, a little extra rubbing wouldn't be a big deal.  The owner told me it was an extra $10 for the 10 minutes extra and when I told him that I didn't realize that it would be, he didn't charge it to me.  Thank goodness!  If I hadn't asked for the extra rub, I would have been in and out of there in about 20 minutes - that's too short for the price!!!Why not just tell me ahead of time instead of AFTER the fact that there might be an extra charge?????Thanks to the owner for not charging me the extra $10, I greatly appreciate it.  I commend this tech - he was great and VERY personable!!!!
3	Gave this place a 3 because I was a lil disappointed by the price, the full set of acrylics were 35$ which wasn't bad but the Pedi was 30$ but it did come with a hot stone massage (Which the stones were too hot but when I put my feet in the water for the first tome it was burning hot which made it burn the rest of the time) and a 8-10min foot rub which was nice. The Pedi took an hour and a half, and it was a 25-30 min wait. Which was a Friday night. It was really pretty inside and very modern. But the outside of the salon just says "Nails" which made it very hard to find!! The girl did a great job. The worst part was when I went to pay they take credit cards to pay but ONLY take cash for tips, which put me in an awkward place because I don't carry cash, I had to come back the next day to tip the girl. This place looked super fancy, they were all really nice and did a great job but the tip part and the price of the Pedi makes me re-think this place for next time but I would recommend you try it.
1	They do a horrible job on nails... I made an appointment with Vivian I think ... And the owner ended up doing my nails ... He kept getting up every 3 minutes and just left me there. I usually get my nails done at wild orchid and I went in there with my old nails still on and asked BEFORE I got them done if they could do the 3D art the same way?! they said yes but the 3D art was HORRIBLE. The owner was extremely rough on my hands and I have never had anyone so dirty do my nails. He started At the pinky and then skipped over to the thumb ... Then went back....??? It was so unprofessional :/  He cut me like 3 times!!!! The materials looked old and unwashed! I had a horrible experience they absolutely SUCK ... avoid this salon! Please listen! If u are a person that actually likes nice nails (I'm not talking about manicures) AVOID THIS PLACE for your nails.... i liked the pedis though... cant complain.... only i took my friend there for a pedi and they cut my friend really bad :/ she was new im guessing
1	OMG! The worst salon ever-- they run that place like a sweat shop I feel sorry for them employees and the owner is super rude! The Service sucks, owner is rude and you can't even tip the workers! NEVER AGAIN!
4	This is my second review for Bella Salon. This time I knew what to expect. The man in the front is super friendly, he gets you a seat as soon as he can. I got the pedi. It comes with a hot stone massage, and foot rub. They also give you water with fruit in it. This place is really "classy", it has massage chairs that are well kept and curtains to give you privacy. All this for only 25$. Relaxing!
5	Just visited this place based on Yelp reviews. I REALLY loved it! Very inexpensive for a good quality pedicure. I'll definitely be going back :)
3	Like the majority of nail salons, it's hit and miss each time unless you go to the same person consistantly and they give you the same service each time. I've had a gel manicure here twice. On the phone, they are not so much concerned about customer service, quick and to the point. In the salon, everyone says hello when you walk in, and goodbye when you walk out. The manager is very good about making sure everyone is comfortable and that you're offered water or a soft drink. The lady that did my nails was very sweet, but she did not understand English very well. She was still as helpful as she could be, tried to make conversation the best should could, and she was genuine. The only downside is she didn't pay attention that she was painting over my cuticles, so it grows with a lump and it makes your gel chip on the bottom. I tried to tell her, but she didn't really understand. I don't like complaining at all unless someone is blatantly rude or just doesn't care. Some people don't care as much, but I have OCD issues. Other that that, this place is reasonably priced, very clean and nicely decorated.
2	I used to go to this salon and get my nails done by a FABULOUS woman named Lynn, but one time I had to get my nails done by the owner Jack, and 8 of my fingers were bleeding. He was so worried about giving clients fancy water that he was up and down constantly and would even forget that he was working on me;( I was so upset and terrified to ever go back. I believe it was very well decorated and the owner is very well put together, but that doesn't mean anything if you do nails horrible and make snear remarks to your employees. I was so disappointed!!! If you go in, just ask for someone besides the owner.
1	I went there and wanted a new set...the tech had them too short and I told him that he said no worries Im not done yet..so he kept on going anyways. needless to say I ended up going back..Jack redid my new set...they started lifting two days later because of cheap product..the guy is a real shnooze! I figured it would be a good place because thats where our councleman gose! hah
2	Got here 30 mins before they closed and they did my gel nails. I thought it was a good job. The place is pretty nice in comparison to other nail salons in strip malls.  I went here one more time and it's going to be the last. I got acrylic and not only did they go through the show of asking me multiple times if I wanted gel instead (saying no thank you every time), the lady drilled into my skin. She paid no mind to the fact it was bleeding and continued to fill them in anyway resulting to my thumb being in pain and proceeding to becoming infected within a week. Furthermore my nails look bad. It's only been a week and they're bumpy and peeling at the bottom. I've gotten acrylic many many times before so I know my nails don't normally do this. I understand not everyone can be perfect working the drill but I received no apology and I paid full price to leave with a bleeding thumb. And it just sucks that a week later it still hurts and they don't even look good! The two stars is for my first trip but I'm over this place.
2	Its anice place at least its clean...but seems like they use cheap prodect I have the pick and white done with the sparkle pink you pay extra for that and the gell is coming off its happend twice now...and my nails are lifting which has never happend before! these places charge high prices and use cheap product Im on to them! the pedicures Ive had have been good .
4	Before choosing a place to get a long overdue pedicure I read all the Yelp! reviews for the salons in my area. I finally narrowed my choice down to Bella Grande Nails & Spa based on the 1) the ratings 2) the number of reviews 3) atmosphere 4) the price. There was one comment that cropped up in several reviews that made me hesitant. It was regarding the treatment of the employees by the owner/manager. Before becoming happily self-employed I worked for a nightmarish boss who made my work difficult.  Rude managers are unpleasant for me to be around due to a sense of post-traumatic stress and a tendency to want to tell them off - especially if I don't have a problem with what their hard working and capable employee is doing for me.  Nonetheless I decided to give the place a try as it fit my budget.Even though walk-ins are welcome I called ahead to make sure I wouldn't be waiting too long. I was told to come right down which I did. I will say that the man answering the phone was very curt and made me wonder if he was the ill reputed boss or if he was just busy with another customer. Before I even entered the salon I was greeted by a nice young man who was taking a break on the bench out front. He politely stood and opened the door for me. Once inside I was greeted by the manager who had a blonde woman immediately take me back to the pedicure thrones. She hung up my purse, gave me the controller for the massage chair, and made sure the water temperature was the comfortable before excusing herself.  I took that opportunity to really soak in the details of my surroundings. The place was full of customers but didn't feel crowded or noisy. In reviews I had read the description of the place made me hopeful that I would feel pampered in a hygienic fashion in beautiful surroundings. Being diabetic the last thing I need is a pedicure with a cheese grater full of bacteria that leads to gangrene. I was relieved to see that not only was the place attractively furnished but it was also very clean. I liked the privacy curtain, the glass foot bowls, and the music; however I'm going to have a rematch with that massage chair. It was probably user-error based on my previous technical-uninclined experiences but I could not get that massage chair to cooperate. I couldn't get the intensity to adjust to a comfortable level. I'm well-endowed and was embarrassed to have my ample bosom bouncing like Jell-O. When the program cycled to the lower back a pounding in the seat nearly booted me out of it. I felt spanked like a naughty child. The massage was not at all relaxing so I decided to turn it off. The chair is the only reason why I will not rate this visit a 5 star experience. The young man who greeted me earlier reappeared and introduced himself as George. He got me a cup of ice water with fruit in it and a few magazines. Then he brought out the pedicure tools all wrapped and sealed like surgical instruments - I'd say that was a good sign that they had been cleaned properly. George did a great job. He was friendly and dexterous. The hot stone and calve massage at the end was a nice touch. Because he did such a nice job on my feet I decided to splurge on a manicure too. All my nails (toes and fingers) looked great. The polish was applied neatly. It's now been six days and I don't have any chips or flaking. A mani-pedi for just $35.00! As mentioned in other reviews please come prepared to tip your technician in cash as you can't add it to your debit or credit card charge. I will definitely go back as I have a score to settle with that chair.
3	We've been coming here since this place opened. We have always gotten great service here.  I'm a busy person and only free on the weekends for my pedi. They always have proper staffing for walk-ins. Place is clean and staff is friendly . Prices are pretty reasonable and they give a quality service- drinking water with fresh fruit upon your arrival, good pedi with hot rock massage ,  warm hand towels, and  Massage chairs are good quality too. I like this place. I have seen upset customers in the past over waiting times, but I think they have learned from it and fixed their satffing issue.
3	I'm guessing the quality of your mani/pedi at this place will be based on who you get--the woman next to me loved her girl, but the person who did mine did not do a good job. Mani lasted 2 days (usually lasts a week for me), pedi lasted 2 weeks (can last up to 8 with my own touchups). Overall not impressed.
2	I went here one morning to get my eyebrows done, and the lady did a terrific job! I was so pleased with them and I WAS going to make this my new permanant go-to spot.Here is why I changed my mind and why I gave 2 stars. Later on that afternoon, two of my friends visiting from out of town wanted to get their nails done. Of course I recommended we go to this place, seeing as the good service I got with the waxing would co-enside with nail service too right?Nope nope nope nope.We got there an hour before closing time, we all wanted a full set and they had enough people to so us all at once. So far so good. Then the actual manicure comes. The guy that did my nails did a TERRIBLE job. Horrific is actually a better word. I've never had so many hangnails in my life. He was rough and was rushing, even though there was no need to. He didn't properly attend to my cuticles so lo-and-behold 5 days later I already needed a fill. Not only that, but three of the nails he glued on crooked. CROOKED. Like my nails are hurting as they're trying to grow in. I went today to a DIFFERENT salon to get them fixed cause I was infuriated at the job he did. As for my two friends, one of them got lucky and got a good lady, cause her's turned out fine, the other friend had a worse experience then i did, her nails weren't smooth but grainy, and she asked for the half moon cut (THAT SHE PAID FOR) and they didn't do it, but instead rushed us out of their salon 15 minutes before closing time.This place may be in a convienent location for me, but never going here again. EVER. (though the fruit with the water was the only plus, they should of put vodka in it to numb the pain my fingers were in)
1	We just moved to Las Vegas, so I was checking out this salon close to home, it was an attractive salon but very busy - which is usually a good sign. I waited 5-10 minutes, which was fast since I was a walk-in with no appointment. I did notice the staff rushing all very, VERY busy. This concerned me, because I just want someone to do the work in 20 minutes (or whatever time it took) and not be running back and forth in the salon and answering the phone, finishing up another client, etc. I was asked what service I wanted (French Manicure) - then the technician went to work. First of all, all of my nail polish from a prior mani was not thoroughly removed. I'm not talking about red polish staining my nails, but spots of polish were still on my nails. I figured they would come off while buffing or he'd go back over the nails with acetone before painting them. That didn't happen. He filed my nails okay, but when he cleaned under my nails, it hurt. I told him but his reply was, "Do you want me to do a good job and clean your dirty nails or do you want me to leave them the way they are?" EXCUSE ME? My hands/nails were not dirty (except for the polish that was never removed). At the start of the massage, which I didn't know was coming, my watch and rings were covered in lotion. What???? I would have appreciated a timely suggestion of taking my jewelry off. I just had my watch and ring cleaned (that's another review I will do which is excellent) at M&I Jewelers which cost $210. So I did NOT appreciate the lotion fiasco. I said to him that in the future he may want to let the client know that the massage was coming and suggest they remove their jewelry. He said, "It is not my job to tell you to take your jewelry off." I couldn't believe this - how freakin' rude! Then he said to pay him now - $15.00 - so I handed him my credit card and when he came back, he asked me, "What color do you want?" I told him I asked for a French Manicure. He replied that I needed to give him another $5. At this point, I said, FORGET IT! just paint them clear! I wasn't going to pay anymore money for bad service. So here I sit typing this review (my first ever) with a clear manicure that still has spots of pink polish on them. Don't go here and waste your money for LESS THAN AVERAGE work and rude service.
4	I loved this place... Beautiful decor, friendly staff.. And decent prices! $. In and out fast but not forgotten about when he would switch over to do another client. Unless they prove me wrong next time I'm coming back for a pedicure the bowls and ambiance was to die for!
2	Ok so after going here a few times, the owner is very short with me. he hurt me bad, ripped off one of my thumb nails, told me that i couldn't just get a pink and white fill i had to take them off and pay 50 for a full set of glitter tips with acrylic on them. COMMON you know thats messed up. go to other places, for nails. pedicures are spot on. ask for jenny.
1	This place has the look of a 5 star nail spa.  My tech mean mugged the entire time and she barely worked on my feet.  She did not touch the balls of my feet and we all know what a problem area this is.  The owner or manager dresses really cute in his bow ties, tight pants, and matador shirts, but he barks orders at the customers.  Pick color lady!  Sit there lady!  They need customer service to match the look.
1	My first experience at this salon was pretty average. I only had a short time to kill so I came in for a pedi. The lady was nice enough- we talked for a while and she made me comfortable. I had her put on gel polish which turned out less than what I expected- it seemed like any ordinary polish, she didn't even color my entire nail on more than one toe which is suuuuper annoying and the gel polish costs extra so for $40, I wasn't thrilled. But I chalked it up to being half-rushed so I could get out of there on time for my appointment. The next (and now LAST) time I came here, I was not in any rush and I came in to relax for a while so I asked for a pedi & a full set. Oh boy! I don't even know where to start but the guy who I got this time seemed almost pissed that I walked in... He had me sit in a massage chair and I told him I wanted a French tip polish. Well it seems he couldn't wait to get me out of there bc he took no time to trim or file my nails the he did literally the WORST attempt at French tip I have EVER seen in my life. When I told him I didn't like it, he blamed it on my nails! (Haha- I mean, I know that this all sounds like a bad joke but I really experienced this.) I told him I should probably go with a solid color and he seemed agreeable (imagine that). But again, he couldn't be bothered to take his time and polish my nails correctly. He pretended not to see what needed to be cleaned up- it was so bad...to the point where I had to clean up the nail polish he got on my skin at home!! Oh lord....as if that wasn't enough for one  trip to the nail salon. I had also asked for a full set. I almost cringed at the idea after the pedi experience. Long story short, he used the drill carelessly and made me bleed twice, he glued on a nail crooked and wanted to leave it but I told him it was bad and need to be corrected and he tried to yank it off my finger, he also did a shit job at putting on the powder, and at the end couldn't look any prouder of his awful work. This must have been record breaking time to do a full set- it was almost as short as my pedi. $70 later... I'm so disappointed but at this point I cannot wait to gtfo of this terrible place. The cherry on top- he wanted his TIP!! When I told him I don't have cash (which I really did not since I usually add it I the credit card amount), he made sure to let me know that here is a grocery store next door where I could get some cash back!! Seriously?! The nerve of some people... Completely oblivious. I laughed as I walked out. I should've given him a penny. That will be the last time I ever come here. I hope no one else has an experience like I did. I'm sure some of the employees here are great but this guy was awful! Prices: ridiculous. Service: nightmare. If anyone has a recommendation, please let me know! I'm more than happy to pay top dollar so long as I get my money's worth. I've tried a few different nail salons and I've come to the conclusions that all the nail salons here in Las Vegas suck!
5	Hands down the BEST customer service I have received at nail salon yet! I will be back! Just for the experience alone!
3	Last minute Xmas eve...went for manicure and jack told me they're already closed but I insist to do my nails done for Xmas and he said ok come in!! And he did a good job!!
1	Used to love this place til their white woman employee was rude to me when I came in 30 minutes before closing. Came back a week later, told the owner, and he defended her. Nothing special about this place, so I will go to one of the other gazillion nail places in this town.
5	Very nice place...Excellent service....Nice nails....Reasonable price.. I WILL BE BACK
1	THE MANGER JACK DONT KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT CUSTOMER SERVICE.. I decided to go this this nail salon because it's close to my house and I had been before and thought it was a nice place. It was suppose to be my SPOT! I was SOOO wrong.          First let me just start by saying the manager JACK should be named JACK ASS! I came in on a normal Wednesday after work just to get a pedi and refill for nails. I waited patiently for the staff to do my pedi , I was in no hurry at all. I had my study material for school , so I was prepared to wait. I got my pedi done by Jack and he dug so hard into the side of my toe that it starts hurting with throbbing pain. I smile  nicely ( considering the fact that I just got a pedi the week prior , so all that wasn't necessary AT ALL!) . Next I needed a refill. He had a new employee working. I knew he was new because before he started my nails , he had just walked in and the other employee was introducing themselves to him. This nail tech was nice but inexperienced. I wanted a refill so it shouldn't  be hard. The shape and length should be the same. He completely messed my nails up,shape and all. He had to take of my nail off and start over because he messed it Up that badly. So I decided to nicely  inform him that I'm going to ask another nail tech to finish my nails if it's okay with him. The tech said he didn't mind at all So I informed JACK ( the manager) of this and JACK didn't like it at all.  THE VERY FIRST THING THAT CAME OUT HIS MOUTH WAS " U DO KNOW WE CLOSE AT 7 O'CLOCK . It was 7 by this time and I had been there since 5:10. He didnt apologize on his employee behalf or anything AND he said it with the disgusting attitude. SN:I was put with the nail tech Lynn. Lynn is a great nail tech !! She's nice and know what she's doing. I read another comment and they said the same thing about LYNN and I would have to agree!  During the process of get my nails done I'm getting nasty looks from jack which made me feel very uncomfortable. He comes over and starts to help Lynn out and writing up the tab for my nail. He tell me the price and I ask about the breakdown as I always do at ANY nail salon.  He tell me that I'm paying for a pedi, refill and two broken nails. I inform he that I had only one broken nail and that his tech had to take the other one off because he messed it up. So he gives me another price but it's the same price as what he said the first time. WARNING: He's a fast talker and he's full of attitude.he justify it by saying he's charging me for something else. He then proceeds by showing me the brochure with the time AND  the prices on it by slapping it on the station. So AGAIN he mentions the TIME. I told him it's no problem I'll pay it's no BIG DEAL and he still continue on with attitude After finishing my nail I asked to speak with the manager , which at the time I didn't know he was the manager. He came up to me saying " yes honey , I'm cleaning how can I help you" he had an attitude like I was bothering him. I told he I didn't appreciate the way I was treated today. I explained how I patiently waited on his staff and how I show the nail tech courtesy and respect. I explained that I didn't appreciate the disrespect and attitude I received from him. This is when ALL HELL broke loose JACK starts attacking me by yelling and dismissing the fact of how rude he with me. I really thought I was talking with a CHILD with a temper tantrum. He states that I should have let the tech finish my nails and IF I didn't like them then it would be FREE. Now that concept seen stupid to me. Why would I let someone continue on my nails if he's hurting me and I know I'm going to be unsatisfied with the finished product. But the was the advice the Manger, JACK advise me to do. When he finished his statement he dismissed me again by tell me goodnight. I have NEVER been put in a situation or been treated like that before, so I was beyond angry and confused. In a situation like this you would usually call for the manger but my complaint was against the manger, I have no idea of what to do. I knew if I didn't pay I was afraid he would call the cops but on the other hand why is he allowed to treat a customer like that , and still get paid?!?  I left this salon In tears and confused
1	Fire Jack the manager. He's so rude! Another example of bad customer service these days. He's just mad because he still had customers to finish up around closing time and wanted to go home. Smh.
5	It seems like people really dig this place or it's The Worst Salon Ever. I got possibly the best pedicure I've ever had. Perhaps it was because the owner saw me yelping, perhaps it was because I came with a regular customer who always gets great service, or perhaps my gal just nailed it that day. Regardless my toes looked great for weeks.
1	THE MANGER JACK DONT KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT CUSTOMER SERVICE.. I decided to go this this nail salon because it's close to my house and I had been before and thought it was a nice place. It was suppose to be my SPOT! I was SOOO wrong.         First let me just start by saying the manager JACK should be named JACK ASS! I came in on a normal Wednesday after work just to get a pedi and refill for nails. I waited patiently for the staff to do my pedi , I was in no hurry at all. I had my study material for school , so I was prepared to wait. I got my pedi done by Jack and he dug so hard into the side of my toe that it starts hurting with throbbing pain. I smile  nicely ( considering the fact that I just got a pedi the week prior , so all that wasn't necessary AT ALL!) . Next I needed a refill. He had a new employee working. I knew he was new because before he started my nails , he had just walked in and the other employee was introducing themselves to him. This nail tech was nice but inexperienced. I wanted a refill so it shouldn't  be hard. The shape and length should be the same. He completely messed my nails up,shape and all. He had to take of my nail off and start over because he messed it Up that badly. So I decided to nicely  inform him that I'm going to ask another nail tech to finish my nails if it's okay with him. The tech said he didn't mind at all So I informed JACK ( the manager) of this and JACK didn't like it at all.  THE VERY FIRST THING THAT CAME OUT HIS MOUTH WAS " U DO KNOW WE CLOSE AT 7 O'CLOCK . It was 7 by this time and I had been there since 5:10. He didnt apologize on his employee behalf or anything AND he said it with the disgusting attitude. SN:I was put with the nail tech Lynn. Lynn is a great nail tech !! She's nice and know what she's doing. I read another comment and they said the same thing about LYNN and I would have to agree!  During the process of get my nails done I'm getting nasty looks from jack which made me feel very uncomfortable. He comes over and starts to help Lynn out and writing up the tab for my nail. He tell me the price and I ask about the breakdown as I always do at ANY nail salon.  He tell me that I'm paying for a pedi, refill and two broken nails. I inform he that I had only one broken nail and that his tech had to take the other one off because he messed it up. So he gives me another price but it's the same price as what he said the first time. WARNING: He's a fast talker and he's full of attitude.he justify it by saying he's charging me for something else. He then proceeds by showing me the brochure with the time AND  the prices on it by slapping it on the station. So AGAIN he mentions the TIME. I told him it's no problem I'll pay it's no BIG DEAL and he still continue on with attitude After finishing my nail I asked to speak with the manager , which at the time I didn't know he was the manager. He came up to me saying " yes honey , I'm cleaning how can I help you" he had an attitude like I was bothering him. I told he I didn't appreciate the way I was treated today. I explained how I patiently waited on his staff and how I show the nail tech courtesy and respect. I explained that I didn't appreciate the disrespect and attitude I received from him. This is when ALL HELL broke loose JACK starts attacking me by yelling and dismissing the fact of how rude he with me. I really thought I was talking with a CHILD with a temper tantrum. He states that I should have let the tech finish my nails and IF I didn't like them then it would be FREE. Now that concept seen stupid to me. Why would I let someone continue on my nails if he's hurting me and I know I'm going to be unsatisfied with the finished product. But the was the advice the Manger, JACK advise me to do. When he finished his statement he dismissed me again by tell me goodnight. I have NEVER been put in a situation or been treated like that before, so I was beyond angry and confused. In a situation like this you would usually call for the manger but my complaint was against the manger, I have no idea of what to do. I knew if I didn't pay I was afraid he would call the cops but on the other hand why is he allowed to treat a customer like that , and still get paid?!?  I left this salon In tears and confused.......Lady please go a step forward and file your complaint at the Better Business Bureau, that where these complaints will COUNT.
2	I had a gel manicure done for $35. The woman barely spoke to me and rushed my manicure. She wanted to charge me an extra $5 to add glitter to one nail so I declined. Three of my nails chipped within days. All of my gels have lifted. I also didn't like that their nail polish colors weren't displayed or organized so you had to lift up every polish from a tray to see what color it was. I won't return.
5	I've been going to this Bella Grande for years now and wouldn't go anywhere else. I love the service I receive there and the extra attention to detail is apparent everywhere. Jack hold his employees to a high standard to ensure his customers get what the ask for.  The ambiance is wonderful, ie-large flat screen playing concert dvd's, comfy massage chairs, water with fruit in it and his establishment is extremely clean. Once you experience this salon, you won't want to go to any other.
2	I've been here a few times. The first time I came here, I loved it and had a really nice experience. So I came back... The second time, I had a pretty bad experience. The tub jets kept breaking, and the covering for the jets kept falling off during the pedicure... So they put it back on by jamming cotton balls in it! So weird. The cotton balls obviously didn't work, so parts of them were floating around in the water... Along with toenail clippings from the previous customer! I thought maybe they were just having a bad day, so I went back for a third time a few weeks later. Same problem with the jet covers! Also this time, there was a blonde lady walking around yelling at the employees there... I assume she is the manager or the owner because I had seen her there the past two times I had gone. After she finished yelling at some poor employee, she came up to ME to complain about them! Extremely unprofessional. She also kept going out back to smoke, and kept the back door open. So the whole place smelled like her cigarette smoke. Bottom line, I'm never going back... The pedi wasn't great, those poor employees all looked miserable (and I don't blame them!) and it was overall unprofessional and not very clean. I'll take my business elsewhere, sorry :(
5	I love this place! After having a bad experience with another salon I was searching for my new nail salon. From the moment I walked in I fell in love with the interior design the big screen tv with Michael Buble and Ricky Martin concert videos this is a class act salon not the normal shop that we usually see I felt like I walked into something really good and I did! Lynn did my full set of nails and they were done by her taking her time, making sure everything was done exactly as I asked for. I am so happy with my nails and then off for the Pedi with Van. She was just as wonderful and she does beautiful nail art. I felt pampered and special and that's a good experience! They have a new loyal customer. One more thing I was impressed at how clean this shop is. When Van brought my pedi tools to her seat they were sanitized and sealed in a plastic bag, this is a 1st I have never seen this before.
1	Although this place accommodated four of us without an appointment, and it SEEMS like an upscale salon, it gets a poor rating from me. Look around, IT'S FILTHY!!!I was mortified when Jack cut me THREE times, and blamed ME???? He pressed an empty potion bottle onto each bleeding cut and then threw the bottle back into his drawer, only to grab it again. He took out his instruments from what looked like a sealed, sterilized package, but when he was done, he placed them back into the package and I actually saw him use them on the next customer. He didn't even wash them. Hello...there was blood on them after he cut me. He yells at his "Salon girl" as if she is a slave. It made me so uncomfortable to hear him yell at her, especially with a full salon.At the pedicure stations, the tools were placed in a drawer after use. Aren't these places supposed to pass health inspections? I'm not even trying to be mean. I love to give great reviews, but this place screams germs and unsanitary everything. Don't even get me started on the bathroom.I will NEVER return!!!!!! The only reason my review has one star is because It wouldn't allow me to post without.
