4	I booked here via "Cheap Tickets" as Oakland was an area of Pittsburgh I knew fairly well that was close to downtown and reasonably priced (we needed under $100 a night). This place was great for the $. At check in I realized I'd booked for the NEXT weekend! and they said they were completely booked- thankfully my boyfriend stepped away to panic and I put my most charming self forward and said I would be grateful for anything they could do. A few short moments passed and we had a great room with a balcony, flat screen TV and cleaner than expected accommodations. I paid for the room outright, called cheap tickets and got a refund within a few days. We actually opted for an extra night to enjoy Pittsburgh a bit longer. I'm a bed and pillow snob and while the Ritz it wasn't this place did the trick. If you're a traveler looking for a good price and the basics this place is perfect.
2	I stayed here for three days and I was unpleasantly surprised quite a few times. I don't mind cheap hotels, but this one not only was minimal but poorly maintained minimal. There is a Panera Bread on the second floor, which is mostly a plus, except my 4th floor room had a new and exciting scent each time I came in. Not fresh baked bread smells, we are talking puke and feet and wet dog.The climate control is a little odd because there is a central climate system in the hotel and a wall heater for anything else you may need. No thermostat so you have to keep hopping up to turn it off and on. I wasn't cold, but frequently was too warm.  The gym consists of one bad treadmill and multi cable weight machine but at least they have a gym I guess. The staff is surprisingly eh. Most of the bad service is due to the young and screwed up staff they seem to hire so I was surprised when I saw an older person who was also functionally retarded errr handicapped. I went to check out and said first thing I will pay with cash. 10 minutes later as I stand there with cash on the desk as she taps away at the computer she awakens from some trance and says "oh why are you standing here still?" oh gee I dont know.. pay the bill.. sign some papers and get on my way? Needless to say she had charged my credit card and went back to reading some website or writing some retards in Pittsburgh blog she runs.(EDIT: They also overcharged my credit card by choosing the wrong rate and charging me twice!)On the plus side the staff will give you a discount if you ask because they don't care and there is a free shuttle that will take you up to a few miles away. Many food options within a mile of the hotel, but none in short walking distance. You'll need a taxi if you want to go downtown.
4	For the price, average rooms and beds, has all the usual amenities, pretty standard, I'd give it 3 stars.But definitely plus a star (I'd do plus a star and a half if I could) for two specific things. Most of the older staff seemed meh (not rude, but not particularly nice either), but two of the younger staff in particular, Zach, and a younger girl I didn't catch the name of, were exceptional. 1) We missed the shuttle when it was raining, and Zach quickly offered to drive us and in 2 minutes pulled up another vehicle. Was a courteous driver (when it seemed like no one else on the road was), and was very friendly, drove us right to the door of where we needed to be. Incredible staff member, very friendly and helpful. Will try to find a way to let the management know how excellent he is.2) Then, on the last day, we realized we forgot about late check-in.. ran down to the front desk and got it taken care of as simply as:Me - "is it too late to do late checkin?"Girl - "nope, what room/time?"Me - "room x, time y"Girl - "*writes it down* you're all set!"Extremely simple, was able to catch some more sleep before leaving.Given these two experiences, our stay was definitely better than what we expected!
4	Stayed here for 2 nights.  The room was cheap ($90 per night, tax included), comfortable and decently well-maintained.  The rooms also come with free high speed internet access; I was able to stream netflix without a problem.  The hotel is also within easy walking distance of UPitt and CMU, which is awesome.  Will definitely be staying here again when I'm in Pittsburgh again
1	Ugh. This place is nasty. I've stayed in plenty of quality inns of varying degrees, but this is, by far, the worst. The lobby looks normal, but it's all a facade. My first room was on the forth floor. I walked in to be greeted by the smell of 23428049238 cigarettes. I was immediately switched to another room. It was all well and good until I turned on the sink to find brown water spewing from the faucet (really good for the teeth ya know!) As I turned in for the night, I pulled back my sheets to find multiple blood stains. Mmm, sweet dreams. 1 star.
1	Good place to stay if you are in your twenties, perhaps...meaning if you are on a tight budget. The place is apparently run by twenty-somethings as that is all I ever saw working the front desk. Reminded me of a hostel. The place is really old...outdated decor...can hear through the walls...located in the ghetto. Only good for a one night stay over...would not stay here any longer than that. Would not recommend for families with children.
3	Stayed here while attending craft beer week in Pittsburgh. It was the cheapest option without being one of those Bates Motel type places. We arrived around noon on a Saturday and weren't expecting our room to be ready since the couple in front of us was told theirs was not ready, but ours was.The room was plenty big for the three of us - two double beds, two sinks (one conveniently outside of the bathroom) a balcony, fridge, microwave and coffee maker which got some good use each morning.Maids were pleasant and quiet while cleaning other rooms.They offer a shuttle, but only for destinations within a 3 mile radius.I've paid less for similar quality hotels, but all and all it was fine. Located right off campus from Pitt there are plenty of things that you can easily walk to.
2	Stayed here this past weekend.The rooms are basic. Dresser, desk, bed, end table, alarm clock, table, chairs, TV and coffee machine.The bed was fine. There is no channel guide in the room, and certain channels are very fuzzy. And holy lord are the walls THIN. If you plan on sleeping in, be warned. You WILL be woken up by the maids letting doors of other rooms slam at the other end of the hall.There is also coffee and tea available in the lobby, as well as a button in the elevator for Panera Bread. The counter...kids were very nice. Their shuttle though, has a very limited area itll go to. We had to go to a church that was a 7 minute ride away and they said it was too far.Theres not much in the area if youre not interested in exploring Duquesne University. The closest bars and restaurants (besides Panera) are up on Forbes St. Almost all the bars become unbearable clubs after 9.Id recommend paying a little more and staying closer to downtown.
3	Not bad, clean, price was decent panera restaurant attached made it nice, close to downtown without the high price would stay here again when in pittsburg.
2	This isn't all the Quality Inn's fault, I think part of the reason for my disappointment has to do with Pittsburgh in general.  By the way, I love Pittsburgh.Anyways, my wife and i stayed at the Quality Inn because it is sort of (but not really) close to Downtown Pittsburgh.  All the hotels that were actually downtown were $300+ per night, which was out of our price range.  We paid around $500 for 4 nights at the Quality Inn.  We figured that we would have to pay for some $10 taxi rides, but that was ok, since we were saving $700 on the hotel.The hotel itself is old, and the rooms show it.  Our room was equipped with a nice flatsceen TV, a microwave, and a refridgerator, which came in handy.  I'll also mention that the AC unit worked very well.When we're on vacation, we like to sleep in, so on Friday, we didn't get out of the room until about noon, on Saturday we didn't get out of the room until 1:00 pm and on Sunday we didn't get out of the room until 2:00 pm.  We removed the "Do Not Disturb" sign from our door when we left the room every day, yet our room did not get cleaned a single time during our 4 night stay.  We were never even offered fresh towels.  I understand that we left the room later than most people do, but we've done the same thing in many other hotels, and the room almost always gets cleaned still.Maybe this was just an accident, but based on the next thing I'm going to write, I think it' s more likely that the staff is just not good at cleaning the hotel.  On Sunday night, I was in the bathroom (good shower by the way, with good water pressure), and I heard my wife make a really strange noise.  I came out of the bathroom to see what was going on, and as it turns out, while looking for an outlet to plug her phone into near the bed, she discovered a used condom behind the night stand on her side of the bed.  Gross.  That convinces me that this is a dirty place in general
2	Nothing to brag about for the price.   Needs updating badly.   Location is decent which makes it appealing.
3	This is just your normal hotel, nothing really spectacular about it.  The front desk people were helpful and kind, but not overly so.  The room itself was clean and maintained - actually quite big for a 2 person room.  It had the kind of 'feel' of an old, seedy place, but that could entirely be me.One weird part was that, during the day, I had heard strange noises next door.  Now, most hotels don't have thick walls, so that's just to be expected.  But it was some woman yelling at someone on the phone, kind of nonsensically.  Turns out, it was a maid who was cleaning/flipping the room.  But, in the meantime, she was freaking out on someone on the phone and watching TV making for a very noisy encounter.  It was during the day, I know, but I'm not excited to ever listen to people shout.Otherwise, this place was open during the busiest weekend in Pittsburgh - perhaps that says something about the price to distance ratio - but if you are into the university section, which has a lot of great stuff, it's walking distance to great things.
3	We stayed recently when my daughter had an appointment at Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh (400 miles from home).  We were able to get our room for $79/night.  You can tell that this is an older hotel that could use updating.  However, our room was clean and the beds were comfortable.  The bathrooms could use a better exhaust fan.  Although there is a Panera Bread connected to the hotel, the option of a continental breakfast provided by the hotel would be better (and definitely less expensive).  I would still consider staying again the next time we are in the area.
3	Normal cheap hotel. Needs to be updated but very clean and fine especially for the price range. Was able to get the room for $75 for off nights and they did offer a military discount on prime nights for $84. 5 minute drive to hospital and close to multiple restaurants and bars.
1	A year ago, my niece booked three rooms for her graduation guests. Each room was supposed to have two double/queen beds and room for a cot. When we arrived yesterday, only one of the three rooms was ready (3:30pm) and it had one double bed with room for a cot. Eventually (one room wasn't ready till 5pm), we all got our rooms. None of the rooms had two beds. The room I am in had been "cleaned," however there was pee in the toilet! Our cot arrived way past bedtime with one very old, very scratchy blanket.  Seems like this is just the kind of place that can spread bed bugs far and wide after a University of Pittsburgh graduation weekend. We paid $159/night for each of these rooms, rooms that were not what we had reserved, rooms that are far from adequate.
3	I stay here a lot because of my doctors appointments. I get a discount for having testing and appointments. I live about 2hrs away so that's one nice thing and it's very close to the hospitals. I can walk up there so I don't have to pay for parking or take the hotel shuttle. It's nice, flat screen tv, comfortable bed, free WiFi. The staff is always nice and friendly to me.It does need some updating, but it's not a bad place.  You're close to a lot of things, a short bus or taxi ride to other places.
4	Little dated, but here for two days on business, lets see how this goes.
1	HORRIBLE   If I could give this place negative stars I would.  The place is a dump, but they are renovating.  We stayed here because it was the cheapest, so I didn't care about the appearance.  My wife and I got stuck in the elevator for close to an hour and Amber, the Assistant Manager, basically accused us of jumping and causing it to break.  Sorry, Amber, but we're not children.  She was incredibly rude, as was her associate Emily.  Emily felt the need to tell me she was old enough to be my grandmother.  Well unless you're 80 Emily, that is not possible.  You and your daughter would have started young!  I will never stay here again, even if they paid me.
2	This hotel is a good value if you are just looking for a place to sleep. It's an older hotel in need of some repairs. However, the room was clean, the bed was comfortable, and the water pressure was great.
