4	I just wanted to write this review to add another 'First Review' to my long list of reviews haha. This Target recently opened (hence the 'now open' sign out front). Not too many people and the lines aren't that long. Anyway, its your average Target with a good amount of what they normally carry in stock. It's clean though, if that matters. They also have those futuristic-looking shopping carts.That's pretty much it. If you're still looking for a Wii, they're chillin behind the display window at the electronics. Then again, Wiis are available everywhere now. Yep.
4	One of the top 5 Targets Ive ever been to.  Apparently, Hendersonsonians and locals in general must not wake up til after 11am?  Needed some supplies and we got there by 10.  EMPTY.  One of thee CLEANEST Target stores ive ever experienced.  Everything thing is well stocked, floors are shiny, aisles are labeled and lighted well.... i mean this was one emmaculate Target.... AND the cherry on the sundae.....  A nice STARBUCKS right inside for the daily coffee fix.If all goes well, Im lookin for a vacation home @ Lake Las Vegas.... soon to be Hendersonian Local....blah....
2	Clean- Yes. Good service- No. I've been in here a few times, not once has anyone ever asked if I needed help, but several Target employees have walked by me. I believe if you work in customer service, you need to be there to serve the customer. I've only needed help once (with the kodak printer @ the front), all the other times, if I were asked "Can I help you?" I would of just said "No, thanks". How hard is it to do your job right, really? They are rarely busy, which may be due to the poor location or the fact that it's in a new shopping center & there isn't much in there yet, but if they don't start offering better service, I wouldn't be surprised if it closes.
4	About 2 years ago, Target opened this store on Lake Mead Pkwy, in an up-and-coming shopping center housing a wide variety of businesses (Staples, Petsmart, Hallmark Store, the now-defunct Sportsman's Warehouse, etc.) This store is not only a huge convenience, it is definitely one of the best Targets I have been in.The store is easily laid out and always clean. Their selection of merchandise easily dwarfs that of the aging K-Mart on Boulder and Racetrack. Their prices on items are solid as well.In addition to a good selection of merchandise and a fine store layout, there are some dining options as well. A Pizza Hut Express is up front, and a Starbucks Coffee right next to it. Little things like this really do impact my experience.As a new shopping center, I have no problem coming here in later hours. It's a very nice area, given its proximity to Downtown Henderson. I honestly wouldn't be uncomfortable coming here at night, they way I would be at the Wal-Mart down the road. This store will pretty much take care of all your department store needs - electronics, clothing, supplies, toys, you name it - it's all here. As far as the "traditional" department store chains go, this Target is now my preferred store. If you're a resident in the older part of Henderson, it will quickly become yours too.
4	Oh Target, how I love you and all that you offer me. I know there is a K-Mart and a Wal-Mart closer to my house, but Target is just so nice and clean and uncrowded. Well worth the extra drive for me. And there is a Starbucks inside, bonus! I buy all sorts of stuff at Target. From cheap basic clothing (love the $5 tank tops, I have so many colors), to plastic hangers, to shampoo and q-tips. If it's not food, I am probably going to go to Target to buy it. And sometimes I will even buy food there, as they do have an area complete with frozen foods. Had I wrote this review last week, I would have given Target a 5 star review. I have gone to this location many times as it is the closest Target to my house, and I rarely have any issues at all. The parking is more then adequate, the store itself is laid out well and the employees are, for the most part, very helpful. I went to Target this past Saturday to get a couple items. Once I gathered up the items I needed and found a shirt I wanted to try on, I made my way to the dressing rooms. I was less then impressed with the two employees in the dressing room area. They were in the middle of a conversation which was work related, so I waited for them to finish. One looked over, made eye contact with me... and then proceeded to converse with her coworker more. Pfft. So I proceeded to interupt their conversation...Thankfully the vast majority of Target employees are super friendly and helpful. I won't let Saturday's minor dressing room issue keep me from shopping at Target.
4	Newer Target, clean store. Even has the bigger mostly plastic shopping carts. Starbucks in the store.
5	This is the newest Target in Henderson. It's always extremely tidy and the staff are friendly and efficient. The floor plan is really great, which makes maneuvering around the store easy, especially if your in a hurry.  The carrs they have are pretty Weome too! I also like the location. There's so many great stores in this shopping center. If u haven't been here yet do so. :)
2	if you dont mind terrible customer service then look no further!I work nearby so its conveniently located. The few times i have been in are awful. they let the lines build up incredibly and dont bother opening more then 4 registers at a time and when you are walking the store no one ever offers help. it once took me 15 minutes to buy floss. seriously? the customer service is so pathetic.the only reason i even bothered giving more then a one star rating is because of the people who work in electronics. the guys back there are the only friendly peple in the store. they never hesitate to offer help, ask if you are finding everything okay and even offer to ring you up right in that department.if it werent for them, i would hardly rate them one star.so terrible.
5	I have left my wallet in the shopping cart and relaized it over an hour later. I live about 5 min away. Whoever pushes carts turned my wallet into the customer service desk and all my cards were in the wallet! Nothing was moved our missing. I buy all my daughters clothes here and some clothes for my husband and I. I love this target location.
5	My favorite Target in the area for several reasons. 1. Maximum number of people in the store is around 30. Anytime of day. No crowds scouring the aisles for the best deals on toilet paper and Pine Sol like another major big box retailer also located on Lake Mead Parkway. 2. They have the new baskets, both hand and push, instead of the old metal handled ones. Yes, I discriminate against Targets that still have the old baskets. 3. Starbucks. Granted, I love Target in general, but this one is one of the best!
5	this is my favorite Target in the entire valley!! i drive across town to go to the store! i can always seem to find everything i need and all of the employees are polite and willing to help! I love the Starbucks... not only are the people friendly but they are fast and make great drinks!! I will continue to travel to shop at this store... I have never left unsatisfied =)
4	If you want a hassle free Target experience you come here. More often than not what you want is in stock, the register lines are short, and yes, it does have a Starbucks!
3	I LOVE shopping the aisle in the whole store and especially the $1.00 section when items are marked down.  I can spend two hours at this store and walk out with great deals.  I had a list and one of the items was bubble bath for myself and my daughter.  I looked everywhere in the section I thought I would find it and finally had to search for someone wearing a red shirt.  I was told that the only bubble bath they have is for infants in the infant section but Target does not carry bubble bath.  Why would they not carry this I just don't get it.  People take baths.  Very frustrating now it made me go to another store.  But, I will say I did walk away with good deals and enjoyed an icee and pretzel while we shopped.
4	It's Target. You can't go wrong with Target.
4	Didn't have any intention to buy a phone but when a sales clerk greeted me at the front entrance and pulled out a shopping cart for me, it turned out to be an employee for the mobile phone department. (Pretty clever stationing himself there) He pointed to the mobile phone section and explained that Target Mobile is full-service mobile retail outlet operated by RadioShack. It's separate from their electronics department, that's why they are located in a different section of the store. Right by the entrance next to customer service.He also informed me that the phone I was holding in my hand ( Samsung Skyrocket) was eligible for a trade in. The trade in value for it at the moment was going for $114!  Well that caught my attention! It was worth more than what I initially paid for it 6 months ago too!He explained the trade in program to me..you are given a gift card which you can apply to your phone purchase. The trade in value depends on how recent model is and condition. You can bring as many phones you want to trade in.The prices vary from Target Mobile, RadioShack stores and individual carriers. Sales rep explained to me they are all separate. I like that they have this trade in program deal here. I dont remember my wireless carrier offering this program.The wireless carriers and phones I saw were Sprint, Verizon and AT&T.  AT&T seemed to be the one with the most selection and various prices.  I concentrated on upgrade prices since I already have a carrier and didnt want to change data plans.    I knew I had an upgrade available on one of our lines and knew what phone I wanted, zeroed in on it, decided the upgrade price was right, minus the trade in value for my current phone, the S3 that I wanted came out to a pretty good deal! Sales rep was really friendly and  very knowledgeable and answered all questions I had about the specs for the S3 and the upgrade process. Transaction went pretty quick. While the sales rep worked on the upgrade process, I got my phone ready to trade in, transferred my contacts, info and pix to my sd card and restored my phone to factory settings. They'll usually do it or guide you through it but I already knew how. So 25 minutes later I had a new phone!!  That's how long it took to pick, pay and switch phones, log on my new phone. add back my Yelp app and check in! That easy! Off to do my shopping.Now I just had to remember what was I here for in the first place.
3	Target on Lake mead is clean and has alot of stuff but do not lose your keys.  I wondered the store for hours with no help from their staff to assist in my lost drama.   The staff was not that helpful or full of the service they promote. I am a fan of the Target but not a fan of this store service.
4	Hooray for Target! Just like any other Target you go to, this location has the same things! Things are easy to find, at OK prices. It is worth noting that Target has lower prices on some things, like coffee, tea, and some beer. Overall, this Target is like any other.
4	clean, friendly staff, fast checkout!!!
4	I love Target stores. Rarely have I come across a location that I wasn't pleased with. The atmosphere of Target is just so, well, anti-Walmart, it's breathtaking! I love the selection of items and the sales they have. Some things are going to be a bit pricier than Walmart, but I really don't mind. It's the exchange of shopping in a clean environment with normal customers I consider myself paying for.This location is very well kept. It's organized, well stocked and very clean. Your typical Target shopping experience. I have only come across one Target that I didn't really care for, so those aren't bad odds at all!I'll be shopping this location again. Great job guys and gals!
5	I think I'm at Target more than I'm at home. I am addicted. I go in for something menial such as lightbulbs or paper towels and come out with three pairs of shoes, two shirts, an iPad cover (I don't own an iPad) and more. But what can I say? It's a pleasurable addiction. :)
3	I love Target. Love Love Love Target.I really haven't had a bad experience until this morning.My ice maker in my fridge is acting up because of our RO system....making dirty, unclear ice......(gross)so, I decided to run to target to find some ice trays, and other fun finds.I looked online the night before, to make sure that where I was going had what I wanted.The ice trays I wanted were in stock at this store. Well, after looking, and looking... I finally asked a woman who was working on a paper towel display.Well, she and another associate couldn't come to a conclusion as to where the ice trays were displayed.... Really????! It's 100 degrees here, in LAS VEGAS, and you guys don't know where the ice trays are?So, after multiple radio walkie talkie conversations, the paper towel lady told me that another associate was going to get them from the back for me....because they aren't on display.... Once again, REALLY? 100 degree temperatures, you have other "summer" items out, and you don't have the ice trays out?So, I waited, and waited, and waited.... l walked around the other isles, kitchen gadgets and what not.. and I finally decided to head to check out. There were two people in front of me, with only one check stand open.A blonde woman came, and asked me if I was the one looking for the ice trays.I had my bags in my cart and I had already paid. Thanks, but no thanks.
5	This is a good, clean Target. It's not a Super Target but they have groceries almost like one. The people seem happy and are helpful which is always a plus. Store is clean and prices are right. Can't ask for anything more from a Discount store.
3	Very clean store. Friendly service. Its the typical Target experience. Nothing spectacular
4	GROCERIES AT TARGETIt's been several months and this store now has expanded groceries into 16 aisles without a meat section. Its sorta coincidental that this happens shortly after Fresh & Easy pulls out of the US market. At least an American company is picking up the market void. You won't find everything under the sun, but it's to bridge the gap for quick meals where a microwave is the only option.To accommodate this larger grocery sections, many of the store's aisles have become more narrow.  Some sections such as Health & Beauty improved with better inventory from the grocery expansion. While others such as electronics and automotive continues to suffer. The Starbucks continues to be dirty and unwelcoming.(what's the deal with keeping the window shades down all day) Pharmacy is perhaps the most efficient department.This store is relatively new and yet I can already detect a deterioration of upkeep and inventory. I know of two other Hendertucky Targets that are much better shape. I think you can directly attribute the shape of the store to the store manager.
1	Wow. I'm really blown away by what I witnessed today.I had went to Target earlier, to pick up a sheet. Of course, I didn't read fully, and got two flat sheets, instead of a flat, and a fitted sheet. So, I went to return the flat sheet this afternoon.Of course, the place is busy. I didn't expect it not to be for the day after Christmas morning. However, I didn't expect to be treated so.......weirdly (?)I head over to the returns, which is now registers 1-3 not where the phones are located. I stand patiently and wait while a team member is helping a set of guests. I see another employee sitting on a stack of boxes, (or something to that affect) an employee walking by lets her know that "there is a customer waiting to be helped" (meaning me).The employee huffs and puffs, and complains about not getting a break. That she is tired, and that her feet hurt. The other employee says that after she helps me, that she can take her break. The employee angrily snaps back, "it doesn't matter anyways, I'm leaving in thirty minutes."She proceeds to tell me how swollen her feet are, and how she hasn't got a break all day....Kind of put me in a weird position... I just want to return this sheet.I get my refund, and go walk around the store to pick up some other items that I also had previously forgot. Other employees were complaining about the schedule, and who was on it, and who wasn't.I was looking for eye glass cleaner that I couldn't find in the pharmacy/contact lenses isle. When asking an employee to help me... she said that it should be over in pharmacy, on an "a" isle. Frustrated, getting no real help, I went to check out. SO disappointed in staff today. Plan on making a phone call tomorrow morning for sure!
5	This review is for the store as a whole, but it is largely due to the work of Ken and the pharmacy employees.  Ever since my wife was diagnosed with a blood disorder and later non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, we have had to make several trips to the pharmacy a week.  This occurred over about a 16 month period.  Ken was beyond fantastic during all of these trips, as was the additional staff at the pharmacy.  They were sympathetic, friendly, and worked very quickly.  If you live even remotely close to this Target, I highly recommend that you make it your pharmacy.  We have both a CVS and Walgreens much closer to our home, in addition to a Wal Mart and Albertsons.  Very glad we went with Target.  I don't know that better service is possible.  The rest of the store is clean, as are the restrooms.  Since the grocery area was expanded, we've found the produce we've purchased to be crisp and fresh.  Plus, it's Target.  It's just WAY better than Wal Mart.  Way better.  Also, this Target has a Starbucks.  While I'm not a huge coffee drinker, I've stopped there a few times and they are always friendly, and the line is never long.  Yet another convenience in this Target.
5	This target ha pretty much everything one would need at a good o'le Target. I always pop in here when I am in need of something while in the Henderson area. Starbucks a plus.
4	I love Target and this one is a pretty good one. They are not overly busy (except for holidays) and I get help promptly. It is clean and neat. They also have a snack bar and a Starbucks inside. They used to sell Buffalo mozzarella ravioli, but I haven't seen it there for the last few months. Makes me sad because it was very good (target brand frozen).One downfall I had today was I tried to buy a Samsung st150f camera there today. It was marked down to $99. The tag gave little info, so I did a google search. When searching, I saw the same camera but black at Best Buy for $79. I was told they should price match. Then told no, then yes again. As the lady was about to ring it up and price match she said she wanted a second opinion. The next lady said no. Long story short, I took my money to Best Buy. It may not matter to the employees on a personal level, but I'm sure corporate management wouldn't be so happy to see revenue walking out the door. It was the same exact camera just different color. I'm not paying $20 more for a camera just because it's white instead of black.I have been here many times and have had little issues with anyone. Even today the girl just thought she was doing her job. Although it is bull to tell someone you will price match and then turn around and say no in the same breath.
1	This is meant to serve as a blanket Yelp for Target's entire electronics and warranty division, but because my item was purchased at this location, this is where it will be placed.During one of the Black Friday events, a television was purchased with the extended warranty and given to me as a gift.  Upon use, the television (a Westinghouse brand, which I highly recommend against purchasing) had sound problems.  If music is playing in a scene that includes dialogue, the dialogue is almost muted and the music is extremely loud.  Additionally, every hour or so the sound starts to skip and can only be "reset" to the standard sound if you turn the television off and on.  This wouldn't be so annoying if it didn't take several extended seconds for the Westinghouse logo to appear EVERY SINGLE TIME.I called to use my extended warranty and get this problem looked at and was given very bizarre instructions to package the television back up and mail it to their location at my own expense.  Then, I was warned that any damage done to the television during shipping would not be their responsibility.  What's the point, then?!I'll be honest, I expected that the warranty would either allow me to personally bring my television to a local shop for repairs or a repairman would be sent out, but that's not the case.  I'm disappointed that an additional fee was paid for a service that I have never and will never use.
2	My wife drags me here at least three days a week. I have to say this location sucks. I notice myself walking through the aisles  staring at my children and trying to bribe them to stay in the cart as my wife pulls stuff off the shelves. We play a game of dodge the target employee or their cart as they like to stand in the middle of the isle and not move when they see you coming, or they just straight up  turn their cart sideways in the middle of the isle blocking the whole thing off as they presume to the next isle to stock it up. To the untrained customer at this store you would think awesome they sure like to employe enough people to run this store. NOPE they only like to hire people that can stock the shelves. As you make your way through the maze of target employees crowding the isles and not moving out of your way you will finally see the twenty person line at check out because only one lane is open. But hey if your lucky and play your cards right two lanes might be open for you. Best of luck at this store and if  you get thirsty at checkout be sure to grab you one of those Luke warm sodas in the checkout line.
