3	Cute little shop featuring clothes and some accessories. They have loads of addidas stuff if that interests you. I picked up a cute pin styled after the Montreal Metro sign that instead of pointing down points left and says "Retro". Good deals on some stuff towards the back.
4	This was the one place I found clothes, the whole week. So, that is big, even bigger, I bought jeans that I love. That is huge! There are two locations, both are great, the other one is more central to all the St. Laurent happenings. (Close to Schwartz's!) But this one seems to have more accessories. Plus they play better music. (Animal Collective, Justice, N.E.R.D.) The gals there are friendly, down to earth, helpful, and there is a definite sense that the owner strongly identifies this chain with Montreal. Got a great tourist shirt here. They have local designers, and interesting stuff. High prices, though, but good sales.If you are hard to please, or totally depressed by the St. Cathrine shopping scene, check on an Onze location.
3	I never find anything I want to buy in this store, but I can see it's kind of fun and kitschy to go into.Somebody must have talked to these girls because they are actually FRIENDLY now, and saying HELLO to you.Unheard of. They were the rudest salespeople in 2009 and 2010 and suddenly in 2011 with the recession, they're sweet as sugar.I like the array of bags, the jewellery is nice but nothing that I had to buy immediately, and they have a lot of t-shirts and casual items.
5	This is such a cute store. (Haligonians: this will remind you of Biscuit). The selection is nice, the staff are helpful, and I found both a new frock and a hat at a great sale price (I was in on "black friday" weekend, so I think that's what caused the nice discounts). There are a few other locations on the island, so I would be eager to see the others on another visit. But, the best part of all - the have an online shop with free shipping in Canada!
5	Might seem odd that a man is reviewing Boutique Onze, but I've been there a few times, for various reasons. Each time, their staff has been attentive, friendly, and interactive. I often go check out their Montreal-themed t-shirts, but the women in the store always seem excited by the stylish women's clothing. But when did this location get rebranded Boutique Onze from Tatiana & Natouchi? I know it used to be Onze, then it wasn't, and now it seems that Onze is back.Either way, whatever they want to call it, stop in for a visit. You may find a nice surprise.
1	A small, local store that tries to get away with copying independent Montreal designers - without paying those a cent or even recognizing that there's anything wrong with it? Compassion zero. Owning to one's mistakes, zero. Thanks, but no thanks. This is not why we shop local. http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/montreal/montreal-designer-says-boutique-onze-copied-and-sold-her-dress-1.2625569
