4	Now it would appear that the Dragon Way is currently being reinvented (and it could be a freakish scenario: I asked one of the brickies working there last August what was happening and he muttered something about the place opening back up with...karaoke!) But in the past, the food has always been top-notch. Always a favourite takeaway option, especially the Singapore noodles for himself and the sweet and sour chicken for me. I miss the lil lady who works/ed at the takeaway counter all the hours God sent and who never smiled much but was very efficient, yes aha.The restaurant definitely needed tarting up (the carpet on the stairs was so worn and frayed it was pitiful) and the decor was Chinese kitsch on acid. A serious gilt trip...Still, it had its charms. And the pre-theater menu was superb value at 9.95 for three courses.I eagerly await the grand reopening...every Chinese meal I've had in the States so far has been abysmal. The best chefs obviously went to Scotland!
3	Just looking at this picture is making me nostalgic of my study abroad days.  I can't say that I tried much else from their menu (actually, I had a mapo tofu that was decent, and some other food that I've since forgotten), but I had about 50 bowls of their takeaway wonton soup during the three months I lived in Edinburgh.  I can safely say that it was a pretty tasty bowl of wonton soup--hit the spot when it was cold!
3	I like Chinese food. I also like finding tiny, back street Chinese restaurants for that authentic feel.Unfortunatly, Dragon Way is not a back street slice of noodle heaven, it is in fact, very hard to miss - its giant ornimental urn, which magically smokes and froths on the street welcomes you into a medival Chinese time machine - stuffed with art and symbols and various other stereotypical Chinese odds and ends.Sensory overload aside, Dragon Way isnt a great Chinese restaurant - dont get me wrong, it has all the right ingredients on paper to be a good place to go. Good food, nice staff, competative price - but something is missing. Its an authentic feeling of China, rather than a blinged up Scottish take away. Its one of those things that you wouldnt miss until it was taken away from you - Dragon Way really suffers from a lack of atmosphere.Talking of Take Away, Dragon Way does collections and deliveries from its main menu - which serves fairly well as you dont actually have to be in the restaurant for too long.Overall, Dragon Way is a nice restaurant - but you cant over look the lack of any type of authentic Chinese spirit.
3	This Chinese shop recently reopened after being under refurbishment for a long time. I have only come here to get take-out but was sort of bemused with the very random decor inside- big paintings, a huge bar, a large outdoor pot with dry ice, lots of balloons on each table, random statues of a black cowboy playing a guitar and ancient Grecian figurines, plus a large flat screen tv with the news on. The tables seemed quite close to each other. I was happy with the wide selection of food I got to choose from, and I liked the sweet-and-sour chicken and rice I took home, even if it was slightly heavy, but I've had better.
3	I've had a couple of nice meals in Dragon Way since I discovered it one hungry eve. It's never been spectacular but always adequate.Dragon Way offers Chinese and Cantonese food inside their large, well placed, ever so slightly kitsch restaurantThe interior is something between a touch tacky and actually quite fancy. Either way its perfectly nice inside and quite comfortable even it's a little indistinct. This is something which should be easily rectifiable considering its size and location.The watering staff were nice and amiable. The prices are competitive. They offer a great pre-theatre menu too. I've had nice dim sum and also survived vegetarian only options (a test for many Chinese restaurants).Dragon way also offers a home delivery service.A nice takeaway and restaurant with a little room for improvement.
2	It's big, it's in your face and it's very garish. You can't miss it.....kinda wish I did.I came here in my first year as my friends and I were looking for somewhere to get our fried-rice-fix. Dragon Way fell into our lap and it wasn't the nicest of experiences. Bleugh.The staff were overly attentive and pounced on us if we so much as made eye contact with them. It wasn't a good atmosphere and I won't be back!
4	This restaurant was ridiculously close to my university residence, and is one of the more sophisticated looking chinese restaurants in Newington.There is, as the name suggests, a large golden dragon above the entrance and some strange lookings cauldron-like objects that have always intrigued me. The staff, in my experience, are all chinese and the food has always been quite good! Some of it tastes quite authentic (because I'm an expert on chinese cuisine of course) and a dish or two I've had there is greasy enough to be deemed fast food! They deliver as well, and the last time I ordered from them I have to say it look a very long time for the food to arrive. Having only one driver in a student heavy area must be stressful! I have also had dinner there, and there was nothing to complain about, from the service to the food! The desserts were especially impressive, and would have been more at home at a patisserie than a chinese restaurant!
3	There's really not that much to say about this place. The food's nice, athough it's not exactly going to win any Michelin Stars any time soon, and likewise the service and prices fall into a similar category - good enough to deserve a visit here but not good enough to rave about.I think this all caters to the majority of this restaurant's clientele - first year uni students living in Pollock Halls a tsone's throw away, or members of local busniesses that need somewhere nearby and cheap to host their christmas parties.I've eaten here half a dozen times during my student years, and I'd probably still go back again if it was an organised night out with a set restaurant as a starting point. Otherwise, there are loads of much better Chinese restuarants in the city centre.
3	This place is much more popular than it should be due to the fact it is between the Edinburgh Uni student halls and the campus, so has students passing by all the time. It's not that it is terrible, just a perfectly average Chinese restaurant. It is large so when it is full it can be tempting to pop in and see what all the fuss is about. The outside and inside are decked out in traditional Chinese style, with dragons and Chinese lettering adorning the eating area. The staff are dressed in traditional gear as well, aiming for a classier eating experience.The food itself is a culinary 'meh'. It is quite nice, but very safe, with no risks taken to go for extra flavour, just the same old stuff you can get anywhere else. It is not too pricey and they do a Snapfax discount but on the other hand not too cheap either. The staff are nice but not great.  Just a bit dull all round really.Not a terrible place to go to, but if you can be bothered to have a stroll around, there are much better Chinese places in the area.
