5	no one has reviewed this place? really? i guess i shouldn't be surprised because when i first moved back to phoenix and someone said we should go bowling in sunnyslope i thought they were on meth. and the bowling alley would prolly be a great place to score some more.even when you see it from the outside, you will be like "uh-uh, i ain't goin in there." but the inside of this place has been DRASTICALLY remodeled from its early days. it is actually the nicest and coolest bowling alley i've ever been in. its got an awesome bar with flat screens and great beer on tap including stella. its got some pretty good pop art hand painted all over the place. and just overall they did an amazing job with all the furniture, carpet, and carpentry required to turn a p.o.s. bowling alley into a great hangout.they of course do the friday and saturday night late night bowling thing. it's actually been the best when the guy who runs the counter just picks the music, a lot of indie rock and other good stuff. other times i've been there when they hired a d.j. it has been less inspiring.but overall this place is awesome. if you haven't been yet you need to give it a try despite its absolutely terrible location.
4	Oh Sunset Bowl. How do I put this gently. I'm not one to just spurt out my opinion...BUT DAMN YOU ARE WEIRD...Oooooppps. Sorry. Let me say, I had af fantastic time. I bowled my ass off. I slipped. I guttered. I drank more Bud Light than I have since 8th grade yearbook camp. Damn. I am so bloated. Front desk/shoe rental fiasco with Dave, the lovely Jacqui and I was, well, it was puberty. Puberty?. You know...awkward. I mentioned the yelp event and John was aware but not, shall we say, oh, um helpful. "Go wait in the bar!" As typical of my thirsty, nerdish, self,  I was first. I don' t mind being told to wait in the bar (OK, Kristin, stop lauging), but again haven't heard that since 8th grade yearbook camp as well. Bar service was attentive, yet uneventful, not energetic and I realize what it's like not to fee like a regular. Cuz she really focused on them. Too bad I wasn't wearing a fishing cap, sporting an unkept mustache and drinking, drinking...oh,um I know...BUD LITE! Stardust was clean, had great murals on the walls and a great scoring computer thing mcbob. But had NO tables for our beers and snack. Can't wait to bowl again!
4	You know, bowling alleys are pretty gnarly regardless of the location, but I was SHOCKED at how amazingly clean and, dare I say, classy this joint is (for a bowling alley, natch). Even the bathroom's were sparkly and lacked that tell-tale urine smell that I am seriously over-assaulted with (I think 5% of my reviews have some sort of urine association. It's on attack). I particularly enjoy watching a grown man say on his walkie-talkie "Yeah, we have a ball problem that needs addressing, over."Yes, yes we do have a ball problem.
1	Why can't the attendant understand a simple direct question?Can someone please tell me just where the Hell I'm supposed to put my freakin' drink?and worst of all ... my balls don't fit in this place.*one extra star for the bartender offering me her personal lighter *minus the extra star for not having any matches
4	So while it's off the beaten path, I actually kind of liked Sunset Bowl. I particularly liked the surly remarks from counter guy.  He was funny.  "Yes, you need to leave one shoe of your up here, because you know people really want these stylish bowling shoes of ours," he deadpanned.It's cool. That's how they do it back in Cali. No biggie.  I did really like the bar area.  It's clear that they remodeled many parts of the facility from the front counter/shoe rental area to the U-shaped oak bar.Big props to the bartender/TV controller who was with me on the whole Desperate Housewives thing if it was to show - which it didn't.The minuses I have to say are the lack of tables at each alley and the archaic ball retrieval machine thingy - which lacked an air dryer.  When it comes down to it, Sunset Bowl just doesn't do it for me like Christown.  They have the perfect balance of retro-old and modern new.  3.5 stars.
4	Had to throw in my 2 cents.  If you read about the event, then you may know I was once an avid bowler in a former life.  Shoes, I owned a pair.  Ball, custom made.  Leagues, I was in several.Which is why I hate bowling these days.  Huh?Alleys these days try to be all trendy and crap.  They all look like a Scottsdale lounge with big couches and funky videos playing in the background.   And on any given weekend night you might get "cosmic" or "glow" bowling with the same thumping music and strobe lights you might find in a Scottsdale lounge!  The most egregious of these types of places is Lucky Strike in Boston (though Kings comes in a close second).  Bleck.  Not to mention they charge like $10 a game.Which is why Sunset Bowl gets 4 stars.  My perfect alley is straight out of The Big Lebowski.  Complete with broken ball returns, balls that have extra holes drilled in them for no apparent reason, pool tables with ripped up felt, and the original Virtua Fighter arcade game.  $3 for shoes, $2.50 a game, $6 pitchers of beer.  Heaven.  The only way this place would have been better was if they had the old-school desks and overhead projectors to keep your own score.  But I doubt anyone these days is capable of keeping their own score - math is for computers.  Bah!  To their credit, the automatic scoring system would mess up and give/take an extra point on about 25% of the tosses.  Stellar. "The Dude abides. . ."
5	I've lived in this 'hood for well over 25 years and I've seen this bowling alley go from the "original" Northgate to the Sunset Bowl.  Although we mourned the passing of Northgate and one of the finest bowling alley diners in Phoenix in the "Jubilee Cafe," the new owner, Dale Everett, has certainly done a great job of refurbishing the place.  Ably assisted by a holdover from the old place, Ms. Shelly, this place's charm is that the stuff works 80-95% of the time.  I mean after all, do any of us work 100% of the time when we are nearing 50 years old?  So if you want to have a REALLY good time for next to NO DOUGH, come up to beautiful Sunnyslope and experience REAL bowling at the Sunset Bowl where the DUDE STILL ABIDES.  And be sure to say hi to "Asta" the mascot of Sunset, Dale's lovable Rottweiler.  It's where swingers meet, baby!
4	Best.Bowling.Ever. Well... not by me. I bowled terribly, but I pretty much had the best time ever doing it!$11.85 for all you can bowl for four hours plus shoes on a Friday night?!? Bargain! $2 beers (Bud Light). I don't drink that piss water but everyone else seemed happy. Kick ass DJ rockin Van Halen, Michael J, Phil Collins and The Temptations!? Chickity Check!Quite possibly the biggest parking lot in the world. I doubt it has ever been filled up.The bartender was slower than the second coming... literally. I must have missed two round of bowling waiting for my drop top. This is the only reason I am giving it four stars and not five.SO, yeah... I have my own shoes and ball. I'm a geek, nerd, dork, whatever. Unfortunately the sole of one of my shoes broke off in transit so I had to borrow some from the alley. They were pretty dope. I actually considered leaving the one shoe they take in collateral so I could take those awesome bowling shoes home!!All I really have left to say is that this is the best bowling alley I have ever been to!
4	i'm with amber.  great night, except for the horrible awful excuse for bowling on my part.  unlimited bowling and shoes for $12, decent booze prices, and everything works.  The only down side was the pace at the bar.  we waited and waited at that bar, and it wasn't even that busy.  part of me has to blame the new-fangled contraptions they have for dispensing shots and in lieu of a normal tap, and the amount of time it took to log in or whatever he had to do on the computer.  anyway it was a good night and i would totally recommend this alley for cosmic bowl anytime.
4	"What do you do for recreation?""Oh, the usual. I bowl. Drive around. The occasional acid flashback."I do not actually like bowling. It's my nature. I only like things that i am good at and I am not even certain I would like to be good at bowling so I had my reservations when being invited to hang with the Optimism Club kids but I love these kids so... "Fuck it, Dude, let's go bowling." I do have to admit; I really had a blast here. It is vintage and scummy on the outside which to me is just a bowling alley being honest with itself. It looks so old and dingy from the outside that you are slightly taken aback by the automatic doors. It's a bit like you have never seen one before and wow isn't technology amazing?I have to say the bar service was a little slow. They rotated between three bartenders and 2/3 of them were ok so I will let it slide. The third on the other hand was probably better suited for my cube-monkey, paper-pushing job. The beers were however $2 for a domestic in a red dixie cup. It reminded me of the days I could get a red dixie cup foe $2 with free refills all night. Ahh college days...We were here for cosmic bowling. It was somewhere around $12. I hadn't bowled in probably 5 or 6 years and I am pretty sure I paid twice that then. Great prices. The DJ was spinning some pretty excellent tunes (hard drives spin so I can still say "spin" right?) My favorite part of the evening went something like this.Me: "This DJ is playing some pretty decent stuff, but I think he has re-played a few songs since we've been here. Kinof lame."Friend: "That's Cedric Ceballos."Me: "What's Cedric Ceballos?"Friend: "The DJ."Me: (Looks closer at DJ) "Holy shit the DJ is Cedric fucking Ceballos!"Sunset Bowl is pretty damned close to exactly what a bowling alley should be; and remember "This is not 'Nam. This is bowling. There are rules."
4	Best. Bowling Shoes. Ever. Yep. I said it. I'm not taking it back either. I got me some bomb ass bowling shoes that I actually want. Where do they buy these fantastic things? Mine were this awesome almost olive green color with burgundy laces. Fan-flippin-tastic.The inside of the bowling alley surprised me and made me smile. The tables were actually exquisite. Yes I also used the word exquisite in regards to bowling alley decor. The bar was gorgeous too. The animations and clips between frames and so forth were a little odd and unexpected but pretty hysterical. I loved the murals on the sides of the lanes that worked perfectly with the cosmic bowling lighting as well as the mural on the back wall near the bar that showed a tale of bowling long ago.Some of the set up of the alley was awkward, such as the huge tables being out of reach from the bowling area and therefore are probably only used in leagues. The bowling area seating wasn't anywhere near as exquisite and had no place to put your drink but on top of the bowling ball shelf. The music was hopping though the transitions between the songs could've been better and some of the songs were repeated. However, the birthday medley that was played in my honor was an amazing mix. The bar was also a little slow but the prices were great. The price for bowling itself was also a bonus. $11 for all you can bowl *and* shoes on a Friday night is pretty stellar. Sunset Bowl also was willing to work with our event in advance and was super fantastic. They make me want to go bowling more often.
4	Love Sunset Bowl. Love it!With it's kooky retro neon, and Crumb-esque murals, it's a funky change from the cookie-cutter AMFs out there. For a bowling alley bar, the bar is pretty good! It's really nice, and has great prices.The weekend "Boogie Bowl" is fun too. It used to be, they laid out a huge binder full of song titles, and you just wrote down the numbers for each song you wanted to hear. Then the lady punched them into a machine that played the music. That system created an incredibly diverse playlist.However, last time we went, there was going to be a DJ. We left before he got there, so I don't know if he's any good. In the meantime, they let us do the song list thing!I'm only deducting a star because there is no longer a restaurant there. I was so counting on some chili cheese fries to fuel my bowling.
4	One of the last independent bowling centers left in town. Probably the best bowling in town, too. Great bar! The pro shop and restaurant are an endless revolving door. If you book a party here, stay all over them. The owner, in particular, is a real scatterbrain.
4	I'm pretty sure this is now called Let-it-Roll Bowl.  I've been here twice in the last few months and it is a really fun place to have a party. The bowling is cheap as dirt, the drinks are cheap as dirt, and the restaurants food is VERY good. I was here just last Friday night for a girlfriend's birthday and we had a blast.  It was during cosmic bowling and I think EVERYONE had a great time.  Cedric Ceballos was the DJ (yep, you read that right). He was OK. I've heard better, but for sort of a "low rent" part of town, it was wonderful. And very inexpensive.  I will keep visiting as long as they keep their prices right and the atmosphere light.
