5	"Full Court Press"Press is a little intimidating at first - the availability of menu items varies by time and day of the week, and pick-it-yourself bottles of wine are organized by category on shelves along the walls.  But once their VERY friendly staff explain how things work, it's smooth sailing.  VERY smooth sailing.WINEThe wine selection is huge.  And you can roam around the place and check out the bottles, which are organized by category (big, bubbly, juicy, luscious, soft, etc.), at your own pace.  There's no cryptic wine list to stumble through.  Check out the bottles - pick the one you want - take it to your table.  Price is marked on each bottle - and these are RETAIL prices - not restaurant mark-ups!FOODThey have an awesome selection of cheeses and a gruyere fondue with plenty of bread for dipping.  There are also several other small plate-type choices and a couple of sandwiches that are always on the menu.  At select times, they have a broader selection of sandwiches and even sushi (and maybe even some other stuff (?)).  But the wine and cheese go well together, and if you get several small plates and dessert, you won't leave hungry.SERVICEThe service was what made our trip.  As I mentioned, the menu and way you pick your wine can be a little confusing, but Marie and Crystal walked us through it and were there to help when we had questions.ATMOSPHEREPress is like hanging out in your living room (or on your patio if you sit outside).  There's no pressure to pick the *right* wine to go with your food - pick your favorite or something you've heard about or even a bottle with a label that you think is cool.  No snooty sommelier is going to turn up his nose at your choice.If you want steak or BBQ, you know where to go.  But if you want to try something a little different, Press your luck.  You won't be disappointed.*Note: the menus on the site are a subset of what they have for food, and the wine list on the site shows only wines by the glass and their expensive wines - they have a ton of different bottles at a variety of prices that aren't listed.
3	Went to Press last night for dinner before a movie. We can see this place from our building and were intrigued after hearing about their large wine selection. From what I understand, the menu always changes here and the food is very good. We had a good experience here; the crowd was mellow, sort of an after-work type crowd, and the setting was nice. It's not stiff, like we'd imagined it to be. It's very casual and unassuming, and you don't need to be a big shot wine connoisseur to feel at ease here. While they have tons of wines to choose from, there is no pressure here to pick the "right" one. It's more of a fun, relaxed atmosphere. I went with a cabernet. Our server was very nice, although it seemed as though they were busier than anticipated (not a bad thing) and she was hard to get ahold of. She was rushed with us, didn't make any recommendations or anything and forgot something we had asked for on two occasions. The first was a glass for my fiancee's beer, (which was weird because he didn't even ask for one, she asked him if he wanted one and he just said okay and she never brought it), and the second was a second beer. She just completely forgot about it. And then we tried to get her attention to tell her to forget it, we had a movie to catch, but she noticed us and then motioned for the bartender with an "Oh shit" face to bring him a beer. The bartender brought it over before we could tell our waitress we actually wanted to cancel it. Oh well, no one's going to complain about an extra beer. We ordered some sushi rolls, which were pretty good, tasted fresh and looked very nice. The next time we go back we will definitely stick with the wine and cheese though, and I'm sure it will be soon.
5	This has become one of my favorite new restaurants after only one trip there! I absolutely LOVE the concept of the restaurant. The waitress was extremely knowledgeable and friendly. This place is great for people who love wine and people who have no idea about the first thing about wine. Moreover, the  prices were extremely reasonable. Try one of the sandwiches, they are great.
5	Press is one of my absolute favorite spots in Uptown.  The service has always been phenomenally good.The wine has been great and well priced.The food has been very good, though I've never had a meal there (the Antipasti plate, the desserts, etc).Great place to start, end or spend your whole night.
4	Press is the perfect place to grap a light snack and a bottle of wine.  Wine at retail prices instead of restaurant pricing, that is always a bonus.  It is a great place to sit outside, meet up with friends.  We had a work function there and it was a great space for a casual setting.  The managment and staff were very pleasant and approachable.
4	I just love this place so much!  The menu is delicious and has some of the best sushi in Charlotte.  I'm a big fan of getting some prosecco and the chocolate fondu and catching up with friends.  The staff is lovely...nice, funny, and attractive.  I love the fact that you can peruse the racks for a nice bottle of wine for less than you'll find anywhere else...or if you're feeling lazy, the staff can always make a well-informed suggestion.  The music is never too loud, there is always an interesting crowd, and it's a great location.  Perfect for friends, dates, business, whatever. Love press!
5	I can't say enough about this place- it is one of my favorite little places to go!First, there is never a wait - you can always get right in- but its not awkwardly dead either .They have a really nice extensive wine selection- they also have beer, Sake, and other drinks.Full sushi bar available- which according to my friends is quite delicious. I prefer the Chicken flatbread, which is like nothing Ive had before (fresh uncooked spinach, high quality evoo, a greek yogurt, feta, olives, and red onion etc.) and is just the right amount for a healthy light-dinner.The desserts are also top notch - the chocolate fondue is a MUST - you can split it three ways easily and for $7 it is a steal ! I have also had the Tiramisu cake, which was incredible and very reasonably priced as well.Really cute atmosphere-for an amazing price! Ive seen people break out board-games - or have a girls night, or a quiet date night. You'll be happy you checked this place out!
4	Great relaxed vibe for the young professional! It's classy with good energy. Many patrons were dressed casual-dressy to dressy on a weekend night. The food and wine are very reasonably priced. They offer sandwiches, snacks, and sushi. If it's your first time going, grab a server and ask them to explain how to find your ideal wine (they have a categorizing system throughout the indoor seating area).I highly recommend this place for a night out where you want to enjoy your company and engage in a conversation. It's not too loud and the tables are arranged for a cozy, intimate feel. This has definitely made it to my list of places to take my out-of-town friends...and a place that I see myself returning to over and over again.
4	I am a regular at Press. They really should know my name, but they don't. Bitter, party of one. Well the old manager did, but she left for Soul. Alas. I eat lunch there on a regular basis to enjoy their hummus & tabbouleh wrap (fresh and delish!), the turkey and brie with fig marmalade panini or the mozzarella with sundried tomato and basil sandwich. C'est tres bon. Soups are usually good, though sometimes garlicky. Their make your own salads are OK. Their accompaniments of crackers and candy are sometimes indulgences (but skip the awful Snickerdoodles).  For dinner, some of their sushi is great, some needs some more vivre but is still good (press roll is amazing, apple jack is interesting, wasabi trio should be more zesty) . Their other dishes are crowd pleasers, but this is typically not a place to go after running 15 miles and you're starving. Their plates are small and well designed. Their fondue (cheese or chocolate) is fun and great for a girls' night out to pair with a nice bottle of wine at grocery prices. Tuesdays are $5 wines by the glass. They also have a game night and trivia night. It's a great neighborhood hang out. Chairs could be more comfortable, but it's fine and love the outdoor seating when the weather is nice. My #1 complaint? Seriously you have GOT to fix the ventilation (especially at lunch). I avoid going there if I have afternoon meetings because I come back to the office stinking of grease. Blech. It's not as bad at dinner because they're not running the panini press, but seriously, it's a nice place so get an extra vent in there, Pierre. Merci.
4	Very cute place for lunch or dinner, as well as a glass of wine. They have a sort of legend that guides those who may be less wine savvy on the fine points of taste - everything from SOFT to FRESH. The sushi was nice, I enjoyed the jalapeno yellow tail and they had nice seating. It is located in the Trademark Building and Parking is on levels one and two of the deck located behind the place. The price point is good - for lunch they are slow, but do have nice sandwiches, salads and soups. I did enjoy the Turkey, Brie with Fig Marmalade.
4	I love to people watch. Who doesn't? Press offers great light snacky food, affordable wine and a nice, relaxed atmosphere. Hubs and I like to stroll over here, grab a seat outside and relax during happy hour. The view from Trade St. is always entertaining...especially a bit later during happy hour on a Friday. :) The cheese and meat plates are great and well priced for a light snack. And I have to say it, the servers are just fantastic. They are extremely knowledgeable in their stock of wine and they will go above and beyond if they are out of your first beverage choice. When Press ran out of my favorite Sauv Blanc, our friendly server brought me a similarly flavored glass on the house while she chilled a full bottle for us. And that 's the great thing here - you can purchase many of their wines and drink them in house. The best part? Their wine by the bottle is priced at retail, not restaurant markup. I'll absolutely hit up Press for a relaxing spot to grab a light snack and a glass of vino in the future.
4	Need a place for a girl's night out or a date.. Press is THE place to be! There are so many great things about this place, I don't even know where to begin:1. Decor/Crowd - so young, hip, and a little quirky. You will always find many young professionals coming here after work to just relax and unwind. 2. Wine - great selection of wine at Wine STORE (not restaurant) prices! You can get a bottle for under $10 and sit there with friends and drink. I had plenty of girls' nights here and couldn't have picked a better place!3. FOOD - Yes, they have sushi and sandwiches! Their sushi is absolutely amazing! They have a ton of specialty rolls and they all taste amazing. The staff is very good at recommending what's good and they are super fast and friendly. For the non-sushi eater, there are a bunch of great gourmet sandwich options that will definitely please your taste buds. Definately would recommend this place to anyone who visits Charlotte, great crowd, great service, and most importantly, great wine and food!!
5	I just discovered this place this past wk and am sad I waited so long to go!  I went on Tuesday night, where they have $5 glasses of wine which is a fabulous deal. I loved their outdoor and indoor seating options (although as hot and humid as it is in Charlotte during the summertime, sadly opted for indoor seating) I tried both the Bridlewood Chardonnay and  Santa Ema Barrel Select Carmenere (I'm not a huge red fan but this was a crisp, smooth selection)If a place offers sushi, I automatically have to order it although you sometimes take a chance with that school of thought. I ordered the Trio of Wasabi Roll -"Crabmeat, shrimp, & cucumber rolled with wasabi peas & topped with wasabi roe & wasabi aioli"and Fuji Kabayaki "Crab, avocado, & Fuji apple topped with warm BBQ eel, tempura flakes, & a drizzle of eel sauce" Both of the rolls were fresh and full of flavor.The service was great, did not have to wait long for a check and all in all, it was a terrific experience. I can't say enough good things or recommend this place enough!
4	Walked over for a glass of wine and found ourselves lounging on comfy faux wicker outdoor furniture on an unusually comfortable Saturday night in July.  The waitress was prompt with water and checked back in appropriate intervals.  Wine was good with a decent selection by the glass. Based on the other reviews, the retails bottles & the fact that my husband can eat sushi while I can get something low key is just another reason I will be back.
5	Press is by far one of my most favorite spots to go in uptown Charlotte.  The wine selection is huge and you can spend anywhere from $12.95 per bottle to over $100.  The service is excellent.  The servers are knowledgable and helpful.  They have recommended great wines to me based on my personal preferences.  Nicole and Tiffany are two of my favorite servers.  Also, the manager Marie can be found walking around the restaurant on an almost daily basis.  They take care to get to know their customers on a more intimate basis.  In terms of food, my favorite dishes are the Signature Press Roll (sushi) and the Pulled Pork BBQ Quesadillas.  Just be aware the sushi is not served until after 6PM.  Their homemade guacamole is outstanding.  If you order the quesadillas you might want some extra!Press is a great place to just hangout with friends or go on a first date!  It is a versatile, and welcoming environment!
4	This is a real comfortable place.  I actually right above this restaurant in the Trademark building and stop here almost every day.  They actually have really good coffee in the morning.  But NOT at any other time. They have a really cool selection of wines under $20 as well as the real expensive stuff.  I am no connoisseur but I do like my wine.  The staff is very knowledgeable and they know their wine.  Tell them what you think you like and they will get you the right drink.  Good salad bar and killer sushi!!  Great place to meet some friends!Enjoy!-Ian M.
5	Great sushi for a great price.   Friendly staff too.  Also I love the laid back atmosphere.
3	Lite eats and good wine make Press a fun pre-dinner spot for me. They have an extensive wine list and small plate menu with a great patio scene along side trade street....good for people watching on the weekends. While the menu didn't wow me, they do have some interesting bites like prosciutto wrapped melon and a cheese plate that I enjoyed. The inside has some small tables and couches for lounging. For me, it's a nice little stop before dinner elsewhere.
3	This is a lovely restaurant.  My wife and I love to stop there, the sushi is passable and the panini sandwiches are delicious.  The wait staff is typically good but occasionally there is the bad apple in the bunch.  If you go during the day they can be a bit pushy about getting you out so don't try and set up shop.  The evening staff is fairly gracious and can usually recommend good wine.  Over all I score a 3 because the day staff has been a bit rude, I prefer wait staff to ask if I want another drink rather than just handing me a bill which basically says to me, "get out."  In short, the food is good (not ground breaking), most of tthe staff is knowledgeable and the atmosphere is nice.  Lacks character like most Charlotte places but is one of the few descent wine bars in the uptown area.
5	This is just an update to my prior review.  Press had a menu change a few months ago and a management change.  Despite all this, I still love Press just as much!  My only complaint is that the BBQ Pulled Pork Quesadilla's now no longer has the BBQ sauce :(  However, they made it up to me by offering half price bottles of wine every Saturday!  AND they started serving sushi throughout the day (not just after 6 PM).  Woo Hoo!
5	I love press, what I love more is the surprisingly good sushi! Their salads are great and always fresh to order. Great selection of wine and good service.
4	Stopped in for some sushi but was too late as it was past 11pm.  Opted for the Swiss Fondue and was not disappointed.  It wasn't the best I've ever had but the cheese was definitely Gruyere.  A bit more garlic and a splash of kirsch would put it over the top.  To go with my food the waitress suggested the 2008 Don Miguel Gascon Malbec.  It was very good.  I'll be back!
4	Sigh...I hate to do this but I must retract a star :(  Press has ceased to imPress me lately.  I have heard that they merged with the old Sonoma.  I've noticed that all of the prices have gone up and they are no longer doing half off bottles on Saturday.  Many of the old waiters are gone and it just doesn't have that same feel.  I'm still a fan but if things keep moving in the "higher prices, lower service" direction, I may just have to keep updating my reviews!
3	I'll bump it to three stars, though the waitress the nights I went really made me want to leave it at two stars.I like the layout, pick your own bottle, sit and enjoy it, order some yummy food.  It all works well and the location is great for random people watching.  I had their cheese plate, which was great.  enjoyed the different cheeses and made the wine so much better.  I did not enjoy their sushi at all though.  I got it on a different night and it was one of those "even bad sushi is ok sushi" but it was not good.  The waitress wasn't very friendly when I asked if it was the right roll I had ordered (sadly I forgot the name!).Other than that I enjoy the place and will go back
4	My first time here was last night and I was quite impressed! Half of the walls are white half are red (a nod to wine, no doubt) the lighting fixtures were lovely and the decor was cozy! Two friends and I shared a bottle of wine, some chocolate fondue and quite a lot of laughs! Our waitress was friendly and knowledgeable although it seemed as if she was the only one there. Great time great wine great location! Will certainly be returning!
4	The KB After Dark Crew returned to one of our original get-away spots recently and Press continues to deliver.  The sushi was great.  The cheese tray was magnificent, with a great combination of local and international cheeses topped with some great flavors.  The turkey club served with aiola on the side was just magnificent.  Everyone in the KB Crew loves wine...and our motto is ....Everything goes well with Red!  So we asked our hostess to provide us with some "lucious" reds and she delivered!  All 3 bottles were great...some CA, Argentina and Spanish varietals.  Amazing with the cheeses, sandwiches and sushi!  Press has a very comfortable outside patio...and although they specialize in wines, we were also told they have some beers!  And one other great thing.....they have no corking fee if you BYOB!!!
2	it has been a while since I visited Press.  Needless to say, I was not impressed during this visit.  To start, the rating was sub-95.  Our waitress, Elsa, was unfriendly and untrained.  After bringing bottled water, she proceeded to open the bottles and left them on the table, no glasses were offered.  After order wine and a cheese tray, she mentioned which the wine names but did not offer an explanation of what was on the cheese tray.  It was left up to us to determine the cheese types and the spreads.  This service was lacking.  I can't say I enjoyed the ambiance of the establishment on this Friday evening.  I don't plan to return to Press anytime soon. I was truly disappointed.A small trio was set up to play a set.  After doing a sound check, they returned to their seats with their guests...
4	Awesome little bar/restaurant/cafe!You can walk around and select your own bottle of wine! The Grenada Cava cocktail from off of the house list is also delicious. Its cozy and clean and they sometimes have a live singer/songwriter playing. Service overall has been pretty consistent. And they have sushi! I know, seems weird, but its actually pretty decent Sushi (for Charlotte). You can also walk-in and order from the counter, if you prefer take-out.
4	I have to agree that this place has gone down a notch. Gone are the days of half-priced wine bottles on Saturdays and insanely good wine specials and here are the days of "Barefoot" brand wine tastings (yea they actually did that). You will also notice that their once fully stocked wine selection is now a little bare. To be fair the changes probably needed to be made to stay afloat but I can still gripe a teeny tiny bit. This is not saying I do not like press, because I do. I will continue to go there as often they have really great live music and the last time I went I enjoyed a 5 sample saki tasting for free! The saki was actually pretty darn good too! It's not all Barefoot, whew! I will say my favorite Press roll was a little to heavy on the condiments last time but it might have just been the chef because normally it is spot on!
4	Press is a decent hang out spot.  They have a great location and an extensive wine selection.  I can't say I'm incredibly impressed with the food choices- but, it is a wine bar after all!The seating is a little sporadic.  During our time there, there were no seats available.  However, after a couple of minutes, the whole place cleared out.  We went at around 10-11pm on a Saturday.  Guess this is the best place to jump start the night!
4	Most of the times I have been here have been on weekdays. However, when I was first introduced to this place, I was told that it was a cool pregame hangout on weekends. To my disappointment this place is dead on weekends.I guess it used to be but not anymore. It's better if you come with your own crowd. Now, the wine & food are great. Good wine selection...and my favorite dish, the Press signature sushi roll. A must have! Overall, a nice little wine bar.
4	Excellent place to go for lunch!  One line for salads and another for sandwiches.  I got a cobb salad to go and it was REALLY good!  All of the ingredients were fresh.  The service as fast.  I will go here again the next time I'm in Charlotte downtown to work.
4	I was here last night with a friend and noticed a several changes. First , this spot is no longer called Press; it is now "Threes". But it is essentially the same place. They added some more decor (looks cozier now), more seating and even a small lounge area. Service was just okay... a bit slow but we were kind of in a hidden corner. Don't know if the out of sight, out of mind is excusable.The menu is smaller (and even printed on cheap black and white trifolios)and I can live with that...What I don't like is that prices have gone up for both food and wine. Average glass of wine - $8 and no bottles under $20. Sandwiches and flat breads for about $10 and specialty sushi rolls for $12.  Just thought I'd share so that you're not caught off guard.Will I return? Perhaps. Definitely not as often as I used to.Sincerely, Girl on a budget.
3	I ventured out to Press on a Saturday night to take my mom out for sushi and wine. First off, it was confusing when you entered if you were suppose to order or sit. Then the waitress didn't seem to know much about the menu or anything there. She was very friendly, just ditzy. The food was great and so was the atmosphere until the band started. That place is way to small for a loud band. We left within 30 minutes. The wine & food are great, but very small & crowded.
