4	I love Circle K.  86 cents for a 32 or 44 oz fountain drink.  If you use your Fry's VIP card at the pump, you save 10 cents.  These 2 reasons are why I love Circle K.You have to look out for children running through the parking lot, bicyclists, or random rap star wannabe's trying to hand out their cd's.  Super annoying.
1	This Circle K is one of the worst I have been to. I went in last night to get a coffee and a snack. When I walked in there was a young employee sitting on the counter talking to a guy. She quickly got off of the counter when she saw me. She did not bother to say hi either. I got my coffee and snack and proceeded to walk to the checkout. The young girl was behind the counter doing who knows what. There was a lady in front of me waiting to pay as well. After about 2 minutes of waiting for her to acknowledge our presence, she said, "I will be with you in a minute." She did not seem very busy when we came in because of course she had time to talk to a guy. When she finally was going to cashier she says, "Oh, this register isn't open. I am on the other side over here." So the lady had to move all of her items to the other counter. Then an older lady came out and went behind the register. I did not realize she was opening her register. I thought she was fooling around like the other girl. I was already frustrated and just waiting to pay. A guy walks up to the old lady's counter and she proceeds to scan his items. I said, "Oh, thanks for taking me first." She says, "Well, I waved at you so...." I said, "So I did not see you." I was so angry that I did not even want my items anymore. I left them on the counter and left. Very bad customer service.
4	This circle K is a stand alone store with no gas station. It's on the southeast corner of 19th ave and Northern. I've stopped in here a few times over the past few months for stuff, and I kinda like it.  This location doesn't have any gas here, it's just a convenience store only.The staff here is pretty friendly, and they run a pretty clean store. I usually get in and out real quick, so there isn't to much of a line here. Occasionally there is some riff raff out front, but not often.  They have coolers full of drinks, some snacks and usual convenience store items such as lottery tickets and smokes. Prices are fair and staff is friendly.  Overall, not half bad.  getting in and out can be tricky now adays with the light rail construction, so don't try making a left hand turn unless you want to crash your car into a bunch of construction cones.  lol
1	Too many scurvy-looking characters hanging around outside this store as well as inside it. The staff of this store are really friendly, but I know they got the vibe I was scared being in their store. I usually love Circle K stores, but this one I'll pass on. I got the creeps from this store and will not return.
3	They never have anything I really want in this place. How is this possible?
