5	I am so happy Papa Murphy's came to our part of town! For newbies like me, they create the pizza in shop and you take it home and bake it. It is perfect for me and the boyfriend as they will make a pizza 3/4 pepperoni with no complaints leaving me happy with cheese and him happy with pepperoni. The staff is friendly. The coupons or deals are normally pretty good. It is more expensive than the Domino's $5 large, but I think the quality shows. Love being able to cook the pizza as long as I like. For fast food, I think Papa Murphy's is hard to beat.
4	This PM franchise is owned by a nice couple from Oregon, and they clearly care about their customers.  When the wife is working, this place is the friendliest joint in town.  I have zero complaints about the service here when she's working.  (And the pizza is pretty darn good, too.)Her team of young ladies, however, can sometimes be a little more detached.  It's great that they're helpful, but they are inconsistent with the "Take 'N' Bake Club" stamps (their rewards program for repeat purchases), and I have been shorted my proper stamps several times.  Mentioning this to the owner yielded no empathy, so points off for that.  I deserve my recognition for coming back and buying more pizza, thank you.Their freshness is the key here, and what makes this chain of pizza purveyors different seems to be the quality of the ingredients.  Love the rich, robust sauce, the cheese (which is NOT greasy - yay!), and the fresh mushrooms.  Food for thought: Canned mushrooms are a punishment for those people willing to settle for crap pizza.  And we enjoy the "de-lite" selections of thin-crust pizzas when we need to dial back the carb intake.As a side note, the other poster, Katherine, obviously didn't know about the Thunderbird or Union Hills locations (run by different owners), but Papa Murphy's' has been around for awhile now.  Bottom line: The pizza is very good, but come during the day when the owners are there.  It's a better experience.
2	When this one first opened we got pizza twice a both times it made my boyfriend and I sick!
2	I came into this location late one night because my husband and I did not feel like actually cooking, we have had great experiences prior to this one...When I walked into the store there was some awful rap music blasting incredibly loud.. This normally would not bother me except for every other word in this music was N* or B*.. Among the other cuss words that were thrown about... Very untasteful.I can understand after the doors are closed and locked but during business hours when any customer can walk in?All I wanted to order was a large sausage pizza, they already have those ready to go.. The process was fast and easy... A little rushed but I can't blame them for that; it was an hour before close.
