1	I'm very displeased with the service I receive from the Republican party in Arizona.  First, they provide us with John McCain.  Then, Jan Brewer.  Then they crap SB 1070 all over us, which we didn't even vote on.  I've never received anything but lousy politics from these people.
1	Too bad we can't rate with a 0!  ...A '1' is too generous!  ,,,"Boooo!" to Brewer & McLame!  ...Terry Goddard & Rodney Glassman, ALL THE WAY, here in Arizona!!    :)
1	Wish I can rate a '0'!  Poor Arizona... Both Brewer & McLame got elected... This state is so stupid!  Go going, Arizona!  ......NAUGHT!!!!!  (Kudos to CA for flipping back to having a Democratic governor again after 8 long, dreaded years of Ahhhh-Nold!  :)
1	There is a reason countries like China are rising up. Because we're electing idiots like Jan Brewer. I mean, who cares if she was left as the caretaker Governor, but to re-elect her? One of our state's biggest blunder.Her victory speech included bashing on the president and threatening to challenge the federal government. Hey, why not secede from the union at the same time? We're already allowing some highly unconstitutional stuff, like SB 1070. It wouldn't be too far fetched to think that Brewer might actually one day propose this insane idea. Pretty much the whole state wasn't against SB 1070, yet here we are, we voted her back in.Then we go and vote in other republicans along with her. Great.
1	I am not a fan of the Republican party, the one thing that upset me the most was that they strongly support SB1070 and when they were considering Arizona for the 2012 Republican National Convention they decided to go elsewhere because of all the heat we were getting for our immigration policy.....so they themselves have boycotted us.  Yet they run this state and drag our economy further down.  We have lost over $140 million in hospitality over SB1070 and we all know that we charge a good size tax on our travelers and now that we lost all those conventions our tax burden will be passed onto us.  Thank you "Party of NO".   Oh and I know the people have spoken in this last election.....all 36 and older people because only 25% of the 2008' 18-35 crowed showed up to vote this election which means that the people representing the future generation of Arizona will be DEAD before the future gets here!
1	BUH-BYE, JON KYL!   ...Now, if we can only get rid of McLame & Brewer!  ...right???
1	Jan Brewer & the Arizona Republicans continue to lead Arizona down the wrong path! Only 1 year left of Brewer and then she's is OUT of here....Cannot wait! Let's vote for democrat FRED DuVAL for AZ Governor in Nov 2014! Check out:  www.FRED2014.com "Let's turn Arizona "Blue"!  :)
