5	When I think about American Solar, I think about a company that did everything they promised when it came to installing our solar panels, and they did it in a timely fashion.  They kept us informed throughout the entire process, and were quick to get back to us with any subsequent questions. Best of all, our solar panels are producing about 20% more power than what we were quoted, so our system is expected to actually produce more energy than we consume throughout a given year! We're extremely satisfied with the work of American Solar and we wouldn't hesitate to recommend them to anyone interested in solar energy.Update: A year after installation, these panels did produce just under 20% MORE THAN what we were guaranteed, and we're more than satisfied with how the whole process played out. Solar power is a GREAT investment in cleaner energy, and for your wallet as well. Thank You, American Solar!
5	I have been a customer for over 4 years now. When I got my quote for installation, it was very competitive. In fact, it was the best, so was nervous at first. After four years of service, I can say without reservation, this is one of the best out there! They sell good parts, they install them correctly the first time, and they stand behind their products!!!!I just had an inverter go bad. One call is all it took. Someone came out promptly, determined the problem. The inverter was replaced as soon as it came in. Done! No muss no fuss. I feel bad that I didn't rate them sooner. I HIGHLY recommend them if you are thinking of solar.
4	At the end of the day, we are glad we chose American Solar for the quality of their work, the professionalism and execution of the roofing and panel installers and the price of the installation.There were some areas where we felt the organization could improve. We needed both roofing work and solar installation and while they present as one company doing the work, the bid process and the cross-functional knowledge of the teams was not evident on several occasions.We spent a lot more time going back and forth with the office staff than we would have liked.  Also, we had to deal with various different people on the project who were not coordinated, we were misinformed as to the extent of the project and the billing department issued us several incorrect bills, then changed the way they applied a discount, which ultimately negatively impacted our overall tax deduction.All in all - the outcome was that we have an aesthetically pleasing and structurally sound installation that was very competitively priced, although we paid more than we originally anticipated.  We wish there had been fewer headaches to get to the outcome, but the product delivered was sound and delivered on time.  I would recommend a friend to them if they were in the market but with those caveats.
