5	Andrew Klein is our financial advisor at Edward Jones, and we are very happy with his services.  My wife and I did plenty of research, and asked for several word-of-mouth testimonials from our friends and family, and no one came as highly recommended as Andrew did.  He is friendly, helpful, thorough, and trustworthy, even in these challenging economic times.When we first called Andrew on a Tuesday to schedule an appointment to meet with him, he offered to meet with us as early as the following day.  On the day of our meeting, he was available right at the time we scheduled, and spent a great deal of time with us, asking questions, learning about our investment goals, and giving us great advice.I look forward to working with Andrew more, and reaching our goals with Edward Jones.
5	Andy Klein is a born saver and is my kind of adviser! He and Edward Jones are conservative and steady. The fastest way to grow your money is to keep from losing you money.
5	I've had  Andy Klein as my advisor for about 4 years now and been at ease the whole time. Mr. Klein always calls me when he thinks my investments should be placed in a better situation. Its nice to know that he is watching out for me and calls me personally. He is definitely #1 in my book. Thank you Andy Klein!!
5	Andy Klein is one of the most trustworthy individuals I know. He has been my financial adviser for almost 10 years. He helped navigate me and my finances through the worst US economy since the great depression, and now my funds are stronger than ever. He prides himself on providing excellent customer service. He will call you every month, regardless of how much money you have with him, to give you updates on your finances. He will also recommend any changes that he thinks will be a better fit for you as well. He really listens to your needs, goals, and abilities to set a savings plan that fits you and your budget. Andy and his team at Edward Jones are among the best in the field. They can't control what the market does on any given day, but they set you up for success no matter what it does.
