4	Big pitchers for really low prices... what more could you ask for before singing your lungs out in front of 100 total strangers?They have a variety of music genres and are up to date with most of their song selections. The regulars are pretty fun as they are never shy to get up and sing, not to mention encourage others to come up. So whether you're the next Canadian Idle or prefer singing alone in the shower, rest assured when you're up their singing, there is always someone who sings much worst than you coming up soon!
2	Know what we like here?You can avoid the singing.Hang out, don't sing out.
4	If you want to go to a bar where everyone knows your name, ( even if it the first time you have been there) this is place to go, everyone is super friendly, the staff and customers are diverse and charismatic. Big choice of different songs to sing.  Great place to spend on a Wednesday night .My friends told me the drinks are pretty cheap, so it is easy to be generous
5	This is a fun place. The drinks are cheap and the pitchers are huge! The place feels comfortable where everyone is able to come up ad sing.
2	FYI  Price have gone up at nearly all sergakis establishments.Passed through on a Saturday night for a friends birthday. The karaoke master was a fair guy with a killer voice. The people were awesome with one guy throwing confetti at those brave/drunk enough to take the stage. My sangria was horribly unpleasant. Everyone I was with laughed at me as I poured all of the pitcher into cups, then threw away the ice and poured all the juice back on in. It was LOW alcohol content and absolutely flavorless. The staff weren't necessarily unpleasant, just the place itself that leaves much to be desired. Cash only is just the company being damn lazy. Sergakis should know better.
1	We went next door to watch some of the World Cup and were directed here if we wanted an indoor table. Yes the game was on which earns a star. I ordered a beer and our server insisted on collecting the five bucks immediately.. We have been eating all over town this week so this was weird. Our order was so simple: poutine, pizza, souvlaki. 45 minutes later and still no food. It wasn't busy so I'm guessing one kitchen is cooking for multiple restaurants? We politely asked if food was coming and were given no hint that it was so we impolitely walked out. I hated doing it but we were starving and 40 minutes is my cut off.
