2	Not at all impressed with the food at this dive. Was needing some baby back ribs and this joint was close enough to give it a try. It's a large menu for a small place with fried chicken, BBQ stuff, hot dogs and fish fry. On the saturday afternoon, I sauntered inside, the owner's mom was the only customer and she was enjoying something deep fried. I did order the 1/2 rack of ribs for $12, plus a side and drink for $3 more. When the nice owner opened my takeout box for a preview, the ribs clearly did not look like Baby backs, but instead were short and stubby and clearly looked like St. Louis style. After a brief 5 minute discussion, this lady started laying out the "nice" lies saying things like well, these are short ribs and are still baby backs, but are from this place on the cow. Now, it's not my first time eating ribs, but I did cut her a break since she was the expert and I needed to get back for kickoff. Bottom line: she lied. The ribs are too thick to be baby back, the sauce was way too sweet, the sweet tea wasn't sweet at all and $15 bucks went out the window pretty fast. The ribs (see photo) were fatty and the meat did not fall off the short bone either. The only redeeming quality for me on this visit was my choice of side dish. The candied yams were outstanding and a good size side dish. Plenty of fresh yams and brown sugar and this was the true highlight of the meal, but too bad it was the only edible thing on this day.
4	Good Fried Catfish fo' sho'.  Have had it several times, consistently perfect.  My son loves fried catfish and has asked for it from this place a couple of times.I also had the Thanksgiving Dinner delivered to my house, and it was outstanding.  Their collard greens are very well executed, and their candied yams are top notch.This cool little place will also allow you to order breakfast one day and have it delivered to your house the next morning - VERY cool service.Owner/Manager is a very nice guy - I'd love to see this business succeed.  Go visit them.  I'm gonna order some breakfast this morning, in fact.
1	Possibly the worst restaurant in America.You should never order from here because it will not get to you for at least two hours. I did it twice, thinking that the first 90-minute wait was a fluke. The 2nd time, it took 2 hours and 30 minutes.  And they may say the word "sorry," but they say it in the same tone as "I don't understand the problem," so it really doesn't matter.  And they're not going to discount your bill for this unexplained, extreme lateness.  And don't expect your delivery person to use mapquest; you'll have to talk them through the directions until the food arrives.I don't even know if the food is good because by the time it arrived I was too hungry to review it objectively.  But that doesn't even matter.Never ever ever again.
3	Glad to have this place in my neighborhood. The woman who delivered my food, I assume one of the owners, was super friendly and knowledgeable.I hesitated in ordering from them based on the two other reviews... But, I really shouldn't listen to people who just work in the area and complain about service speed. Anywho...like a lot of places, some dishes are hit or miss. Highlights: Red Velvet Cake (moist, flavorful, decadent), the fried okra, the brisket, the potato salad (which you can tell is homemade), the corn bread.Lowlights: Now...I am not sure what I was thinking ordering brisket tacos (I just honestly wanted more brisket) because those were rough. The flavors were bizarre. But that's my bad since tacos and bbq sauce should never intermingle.I heard about their amazing candied yams, so I am stoked to try those out too.If you live in the area, call up and ask what they do best. I am happy there's another restaurant in S. PHX that actually delivers!
2	The first time i ordered from here everything was good. I had the sliced brisket on a bun and it was fantastic. i also had a burger that was clearly a frozen patty on a bun, whatever, my bad for ordering a burger from a bbq place, lesson learned. The highlight of this meal however was the festival, which was pretty much beans and rice. I liked it so much that i ordered from them a second time.This time however my order was placed at 5:22 and i did not receive it until past 8 o'clock. When i did receive it, i again loved the festival but had a major problem with the full rack of St Louis style ribs i ordered. They had no sauce! I asked the delivery driver about that and she said that was what St Louis style meant.. No sauce, I'm no expert but every time i've had those style of ribs they had sauce and if you wikipedia it that style is known for having almost too much sauce.I also ordered a pound of brisket because of my previous experience with it and again there was no sauce. Also it was not trimmed so half of the brisket was non-edible fat. super disappointing! I don't know if they just ran out of BBQ sauce this time and decided, screw it this guy only spent 65 dollars with a 10 dollar prepaid tip so who cares he already paid, lets get it out to him quickly(sarcasm) he won't notice.
1	Ordered via GrubHub at 6:20 with an estimated delivery time of 7:40.  No problem, good food takes time and they could be busy.  At 7:25 grubHub texted saying that food was on its way.  At 7:55 restaraunt called and said they were running behind and they were just cooking my food and it would be another 40 minutes. Wasnt happy, but WAS hungry! At 8:45 I called restaraunt and they said food was enroute.  It arrived at 9:00 two hours and 40 minutes after ordering.  Restaraunt charges $6.00 for delivery! no discount for missing any deadline!  Food was very meager, with no sauce on or with the BBQ.  Also only 4 paper thin overcooked (not even burnt ends) brisket, 3 ribs and a very grey riblets.Do not order unless you have a lot of time and dont really know what good BBQ tastes and looks like.
1	There are a few issues with this place.The obvious is the entirely unacceptable wait for food. I ordered on GrubHub (which I do often) at 2:18pm, my estimated delivery was 3:45pm-3:55pmSeemed a little long but its BBQ and red velvet cake with corn bread and mac n cheese so has to be worth some wait, and I am near a college campus so OK.4:00pm rolls by and I call the restaurant. At first it goes directly to VM. OK, this isn't good so I call again and I get put on hold. Once the gentlemen finally picks up Im told it will be 15-20 minutes for my order and he apologizes for the delay. OK no problem.I decide to hop on Yelp and look at the reviews, as when I ordered I was starving so just picked a place (I'm still starving as I write this first part). I see the wait is not uncommon. In fact its the norm.4:20pm rolls by and I message GrubHub. Within 2 minutes I had a text and email stating I should have my food by 4:32pm ...its 4:29pm as I type this. They gave me an extra 10.00 in food, which I appreciate and realize its not their fault my food is late but with all these issues piling up you would think they might get the hint to discontinue business with this place. (Just sayin).---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So food got here at: 4:37Review of food:Hot Links - Sauce was spicy and good so was the hotlink the bun was crunchy on the edges link it was over microwaved.Mac N Cheese - Bland. Its a shame too there is so much you can do with Mac N Cheese.Cornbread Muffin - Decent taste, horrible consistency. I don't expect my Cornbread to be chewy.Red Velvet Cake - Cake was moist and it was good but it had an after taste like the cream cheese had been wrapped in plastic wrap too longAll in all I wont order here again, the food was not great and the time it took to get here was utterly poor.
3	I logged on to Tempe Takeout and noticed BBQ2U was on our map for delivery so my wife and I thought we'd try them out.  I wasn't looking for BBQ per se but just something different.  I ordered a Breakfast Carnivore Platter and a side of Battered Waffle Fries.  I told you this was weird.  I placed the order at 6:30 and they said it would be a 45 min.-1 hour delivery time which I was perfectly fine with.  I saw they were on Broadway but in Phoenix.  I ordered on TempeTakeout.com.  I Googled the address and this place was a good 13 miles away.  I thought that would be too far for delivery so I called the restaurant directly and told them where we lived and thought that was awful far for delivery.  I told them I'd certainly understand if they wanted to cancel the order but they said they wanted to keep the order and I thought that was cool.Then I got a second call around 7 pm saying they were a little backed up for delivery and may not show up until 8.  At this point what do you do?  If I placed another order, it would take about an hour to get to me so I told them that was fine.  The driver arrived at 8, aprx. 90 minutes for delivery.My Breakfast Carnivore Platter was pretty good.  My scrambled eggs were really delicious and I got a nice size order of bacon and sausage with the meal.  It also came with biscuits and gravy and a piece of brisket.  The gravy was was nice and thick but the biscuits were hard even after soaking in gravy.  The piece of "brisket" I got was not good at all.  Too fatty on one half and dried out on the other half.  This is not brisket and it had horrible flavor.My battered waffle fries were real rubbery but I guess that's what you get for sitting in a styrofoam container for about 45 minutes?  My wife ordered the Chicken with Mashed Potato Bowl and that was real good and loaded.  She also ordered onion rings and they were terrible like the waffle fries.BBQ2U tried and they were real friendly but I don't think I'd order delivery from them again just because I feel bad having the driver come 13 miles each way to deliver and I can't afford to pay a an extra delivery surcharge plus give the driver a couple of extra bucks on top of a normal 20% tip I give anyway.The food was hit and miss (more hit than miss).  If I'm in the area, I might give them another shot at another time.
1	phone number was disconnected place from out side was so scary I did not even want to go see if they were open and I will go almost in anywhere
