2	Well it does what it says on the tin I guess - sells cards and things!  The card selection in here is kinda mediocre at best and it surprises me in this day and age when such beautiful handmade cards are avalilable in so many places at such reasonable prices, that card stockists such as Cards and Things still manage to make sales!  Nevertheless, someone must be buying their products, as by the dated shop front, its been there for a while!  The 'things' referred to in the title encompass many other objects; candles, figurines, picture frames and jewellery amongst others, not to my taste, but likely to an older generation's.  I must say though the shop is reasonably priced and if you're looking for a cheap mediocre card, then it's the place to be.  I wouldn't bank on much assistance from the gentleman behind the counter though, I barely got a smile out of him...
2	This place sells... Yup, you guessed it! Cards and things... but what Things encompasses is anybodies guess, because most of the things in here that arent cards are a mish mash of just about every type of last munuite gift idea there ever will be - but only for the people you somewhat dislike and resent spending money on.
4	The observant among you will have noticed that Cards and Things does indeed do what it says on the tin and they have a stack of cards, and eh... things. I have to say I was a little curious to see what the "things" on offer entailed and my curiosity got the better of me so I took a trip inside. The shop isn't as quirky as some other gift shops out there but they did have a good selection of knick knacks, jewellery and other gift ideas and there's something to suit every age group.
3	It seems that my fellow Yelpers have mentioned already what I was going to lead on with this review - that this shop sells cards and things, much like the name.  Surpising, isn't it!The selection of cards probably won't compare to your normal high street retailers.  It stocks the normal range of occasions and events, as well as small selection of wrapping paper, ribbon, and other wrapping-related things.  I did also notice a small rotating stand with a selection of Costorphine cards - I gather from walking around that there are quite a few historic buildings in the area, and some of these are featured in the cards.  Now that's something that the chain stores don't stock.All told, this place is just a bit average, unlike some of the more eccentric gift shops I've been into of late.  Clearly, it is getting business, but I imagine it's not the first place that people would tend to go.  It could do with a bit of a revamp, and change of stock, and I'm sure that would kick-start things for them.Not bad, but I've seen better.
