4	With dine-in, delivery, and drive-through options there are so many ways to get your sandwiches freakishly fast.
3	Being from the north-east, I had never even heard of Jimmy John's, never mind eaten at one.  So when I was craving some sandwich goodness I decided to try it out.If Subway is 2 stars, Jimmy Johns is 3 stars.  Definitely a step-up from Subway, but nothing super spectacular.I got the Vegetarian sub, easy on the mayo.  It was simple, and tasty.  The bread tasted good but was really chewy.  After finishing my sandwich I felt like my jaw got a pretty good work-out.  I was also disappointed by the amount of avocado spread, or lack there-of.  There was just enough to add flavor, but it didn't make up a very substantial part of the sub.  Cucumbers were crispy, tomatoes tasted fresh, and the sprouts were good.  For such a simple sandwich, it would have been nice to have something other than iceberg lettuce...kind of just seemed like filler more than anything else.Overall, it was good.  Service (at the drive-thru) was really fast.  I'll definitely choose Jimmy Johns over Subway in the future when I'm in need of a "fast-food" sandwich, but I'm not sure I'll go out of my way to come here.
4	The food here was like all Jimmy John's, about 3 stars. However, the service was 5 stars. The nearby Silvercreek should try hiring these wonderful employees.
5	fast sandwiches. delicious sandwiches.  delivery is faster than one would think possible, teleportation technology must be real!
4	Coming from California, it's relatively normal for people to take pictures of their food and such. I was quite shocked when the manager forbid me take a pictures here at all... Is this an Illinois thing? Anyway, the people here are extremely amiable. The service is extremely fast too. Their subs are 8 inches long. The premium subs all cost $5.60. The original ones generally don't come with cheese and are priced at $4.59. To compare prices: on average, you pay $0.50 per inch of a sub at Subway and you pay $0.63 per inch of a sub here.
5	Dang you, Jimmy John's! You're conveniently located, fairly priced, and so tasty. Every time I order, I get extra hot peppers. Jimmy John's is nothing without those hot peppers. You gotta try the beach club, man. So good. Don't forget the hot peppers.
1	Don't get me wrong. I like loud music. Having gone to more live rock concerts than just about anyone. But today at this place, the music was so loud the employee's could not hear each other. I told the guy at the register, "the music is a little loud isn't it". He just stared at me and did not lower the music. Othe people came in and walked out. This place has gone down hill.
2	Okay, so I'm not really sure how to even sum up our most recent experience at a Jimmy John's in Urbana. First off, the music was so loud that I'm not sure what we would have done if they didn't offer outdoor seating. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy listening to music while I eat but this wasn't listening it was enduring. Where do I even begin? I ordered a slim turkey for our two small kids. I thought that they came with cheese and turkey but they said that is not true and would only put meat on the sandwich and when I asked to put some mayonnaise they said that that could not be done but they would give me a packet of mayonnaise to add myself-what?! We did not get any napkins with our sandwiches, when I went to the counter to ask for some I was flippantly told that they were at the end of the sandwich making counter. There were no napkins out, no lids, no straws... So bizarre! An employee was sitting at the booth closest to the ordering counter. After eating his meal he was smoking a vaporizer for a good 10 minutes or so -could be longer since we left and he was still there. There are more details I could add but I will stop. Overall the weirdest experience at a Jimmy John's we have ever had. Honestly, it was like the staff were high but not in a good way. :/
