5	It was a whopping 108 degrees in Vegas today and I accidentally cut through the cord to my thermostat when trimmming my bushes in the side yard. Even on a Sunday, they answered the phone and had someone out here within the hour! It would have been a rough night sleeping without a/c tonight. Thanks A-1, your name is fitting!
1	Words like "appalling", and "disgraceful" come to mind as I write this review, detailing my personal experience with the dirty business practices I was just subjected to.I started with A-1 in March of 2012, on a monthly service contract, where they would change the filters in my 12 roof units every month.Come June, when the weather got really hot, the units weren't keeping up. As an experiment, to keep these things running as smoothly as possible, I asked if we could amend our contract to change the filters every 2 weeks instead of every 4, to insure maximum airflow. They said yes, and quoted me a much higher price because it was double the work. I understood and agreed, so they tore up the old contract, and wrote me a new one.(Ultimately, it didn't make any difference at all in the efficiency of the units, so in retrospect, it was a bad idea.)So we rode it out, almost until the end of the year, but oddly, they didn't show up for either of their scheduled December visits, then called today, (on 1/11) to schedule the filter change. (Mind you, I pre-pay for changes every 2 weeks, and as of today, they haven't been here in 6 weeks!!)OK, so I go up on the roof and check the filters, to see if they were clogged after 6 weeks without a change, and they were actually very clean. In fact, they probably don't need to be changed again for another couple of weeks.So I told A-1 that they didn't need it, and that I'd like to switch my service back to monthly, being that we are essentially changing new filters every 2 weeks, and that was wasteful and unnecessary. They told me they couldn't do that, because I signed a bi-weekly contract, and that I had pre-paid through April. I told them that we could switch to monthly, and  just extend the pre-paid contract to out a bit so that everything was equal. (Same number of filter changes, just over a longer duration)They told me that they couldn't do that, because I had signed a contract. So the customer's actual needs did not matter here, they had a signed contract.Mind you, they had no problem amending the contract last June, when doing so meant more money for them. So it is something that they CAN do, they are just choosing not to.I am so disappointed in how utterly dirty this was to do to me, that I am abandoning the money that I had pre-paid them through April, and firing them on general principle.So they can keep my Jan-April money, and since they never showed up in December, I suppose they got over on me there too.But life is long, a different company will enjoy my money for the rest of my life.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. They WAY over charges for a new system, 3 units and new ducts. Charged me almost triple and at the time I did not know better and was desperate to have AC. That was in 2005. The Units have NEVER worked properly. I had to call them 3 months after the install because one if the units crapped out and they wanted to Charge me $150! 3 months after I spent 25k!! I ended up calling someone else who said they did not ground the wires properly or hook up the circuit board properly and that is why it kept shorting out. He fixed it for $75 including a new panel and I will never again call A-1. There are too many mediocre HVAC companies and a couple good ones to waste your time with one this bad.
5	Staff are very professional, punctual, and quickly completed repairs. Pricing for the annual maintenance plan and repairs is also very competitive. I highly recommend A1!
5	Great service! Staff was very pleasant to work with and their pricing was the best in the area. Will for sure use this company again for any future needs!We live in an older home with a roof unit, and since we have been getting the preventative maintenance every season we have noticed a positive difference!!!
5	OMG!!! What can I say about A-1 Mechanical other than they saved me over$5,000 on a new A/C unit when the only part that needed to be replaced was a $150 part.  There are a lot of companies out there that just want to sell you new equipment when you don't need it. It's so hot in Vegas I actually would have paid it too. Good thing I listened to my friend and got a second opinion. A-1 was actually honest with me which has made me an "A-1er" for life. If that's not a real word, it should be!
4	I love this company! The service is so friendly and the staff is very professional. They do a great job on repairs. I would totally recommend A1!
