5	Alex, the owner, started cutting my hair two or so years ago. She is absolutely brilliant. She's given me the best haircuts/styles I have ever had..the compliments are endless. She's amazing when it comes to listening to your ideas and working with you on them. I have never been disappointed with any of her work..I've referred several friends and I'm sure they would say the same. She just opened up her new place (a.bloom) and it's great. Check it out, I SWEAR you will love her and her work!
5	I second what the top reviewer said. Best haircut, and consultation I've EVER received. Hats off to her. Just start going to her before she gets super expensive and/or super booked!!!Camille
5	Owner/stylist Alex M is a delightful professional who knows her stuff and gladly shares it with each individual client, with none of the product-pushing or "oops--gotta hurry to get to my next customer" that you often find at bigger salons. She puts you at ease and doesn't make a single cut until you are comfortable knowing what you're going to get. Her shampoo massage was awesome! Call for directions--it's on 24th St. just N. of McDowell, but it's a little tricky to find. I believe that if you pay cash (vs. credit/debit card), there is a discount--a very reasonable $40 for cut and style as of June 2009. I expect that will go up when people discover this talented lady!
5	After 2 years of living in AZ, I've finally found a stylist that I will keep coming back to. Alex is incredibly talented, warm, and a great listener. Her consultations are in depth so that you can explain all you want, and if you don't quite know what you want, she knows how to ask the right questions to help get you to that point. She not only gave me a great cut, but a very easy to manage one as well - which is awesome in my book b/c I'm so lazy about doing my hair.  =)
5	I have been going to Alex since April of 07 and every cut I have had is awesome!  My hair always looks great the day I walk out and even when return for a trim/cut- which isn't always the normal 6-8 weeks.  The color she uses is great too and lasts through so many washes.  I thoroughly enjoy getting my hair done by Alex, would recommend her all day and regreted going to someone else while she was on maternity leave; I should have just waited :)
5	Alex is irreplaceable. I have been going to Alex since 2007. At that time I had highlights, low lights, base color, my own roots for shades of color, and lots of long hair! I was tired of the maintenance and wanted to go back to my natural color. She was able to take all that mess and match my color to my roots perfectly. Whether it was a trim or a change up, I always left feeling like it was exactly what I wanted. She is full circle fantastic. Her salon is warm, earthy, and has great energy - quite like her. I will be a lifetime client for as long as she continues her passion!
5	I was visiting a friend and she had an appointment to get her hair done.  She is a crunchy as they would say back home, as I am a bit, and she told me that the hair products are all organic, which sounded neat.  So I go to the salon with her, and meet this really cute young girl, with this stylish yet feminine look, and we talk for a while.  I was really impressed.  I was an observer, so this is what I saw.  She was really good at staying on time.  She had a client she was finishing up with and she was friendly to us, but still able to really focus on her conversation with him, and with doing a good cut.  When my friend sat in her chair, she had an idea of what she wanted, but wanted a direction, and this is where I think Alex is really unique...she could assess the person's personality, quickly, listen to them, and like an artist create a look, rather than depending on an image, etc.  After a few days in Phoenix with Kiana her cut looked great with no styling, she has straight hair so the cut itself really made the look.  I saw her with three clients and one had a modern but mainstream cut, a man with long hair and a set style, and my friend who wanted a futuristic look with reds, and she did a nice job with all three...all three had healthy looking hair, and a nice cut that would last a long time, AND she's really affordable.  I'm trying to get an appointment with her and hope we can fit something in.  I think she fits alot of cuts and styles but my observation is she has a nice feminine touch, slightly funky, but more flowy and such.  I do alot of rockabilly looks but I like to keep it feminine not severe, more like the Bristol look, and at times styles that are mohawky but still feminine, and I think she'd be really good for that.  Also, she's really sweet, talking about her kids and family, interested in the person she's talking to, caring, but also very much an optimist, and a big picture kind of person.  If you want to gossip and be negative, this isn't the place for you...but if you want a great cut, and a good friend...with an artistic eye...I think this is a good place to give it a shot.
5	I am soooo glad to have found A Bloom Salon.  Alex was able to hear what I wanted even though I was kind of fuzzy myself.  She helped me figure it out and was able to envision options, describe them to me, and make it happen.  She also gave me tips on how to work with my natural hair patterns and do my hair more successfully myself.  So not only did my hair look better when I left, I actually learned some things to do with it on my own. Also, I love that she is dedicated to using natural products. Alex is sweet and welcoming and easy to talk to and she does great hair. She is a rare find, in my experience.
5	Alex is the real deal. I'm particularly neurotic about cutting my hair but she always does such an amazing job, I never leave feeling anything but amazing. She's showed me so many things I can take home to help achieve different looks and better ways to naturally take care of my hair. I'm in LOVE with my hair and I attribute much of that to Alex and her true talent.I have to just add, she's an amazing person to get to sit and have a conversation too. I am so glad to have been referred to her!
5	As I click the 5-star rating for this review and read the "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" that comes with it, I can't help but say two words: Hell. Yes.To say Alex is phenomenal is an understatement. She has the hands and crafts(wo)manship of a goddess. She undoubtedly has a GIFT for what she does.When you meet Alex, you don't feel like you're being met as a customer but as a friend. She truly exudes the meaning of a warm welcome. Alex has a great selection of tea (and wine and/or coffee, I think?) to further make you feel like you're at home. When I sat down, my mind kind of drew at a blank for what I wanted. The last haircut I got was literally 10 months ago (I definitely am not the type of person who is good at up-keep with my hair for trimming... Luckily, Alex confirmed to me that my hair was really healthy, which I can only attribute to my lazy attitude to blow-drying, and some good, ol' Mane 'N' Tail! haha). What once were side-swept bangs that barely grazed my eyebrows had now grown well below my chin. My hair managed to grow out really well with my old haircut (as in, I still managed to make myself look decent on an almost daily basis), but I did miss covering up my five/six-head (the number is debatable; it can only be confirmed that I am beyond the definition of a forehead). The scared, apprehensive side of me told me to just go with a safe, ol', reliable haircut I've been getting for years: side-swept bangs with a side part to the left, and layers. The more courageous, bold side of me wanted to do away with the layers. Braiding my fairly long hair looked ridiculous because of the layers. And another part of me also wanted to consider some real bangs. But this was my first time coming to Alex, and I had no idea what sort of magical powers she held.... I decided to put my faith in her. Mind you, I also had an important interview the next day. I was really sticking my neck out here.Let me just tell you: (Arguably) The best haircut of my life. Twice during the session, as Alex was thinking through more of the creation, she would ask, "How do you feel about [Option A]........... or [Option B]............??" And the more she thought about it, and probably saw my face that expressed "o_o I don' t know..." -- she managed to beautifully think out a perfect way to execute both A and B. The appointment was over an hour, maybe even an hour and a half. Just about every stylist I'd encountered beforehand would never spend more than an hour with me. Alex did. She was very meticulous with every snip she did. She's the chillest perfectionist I think one could ever encounter.Another thing, I am not the type of person who's chatty or gossipy with hair stylists. I just want a haircut that does me justice. Sometimes I feel hair stylists try to force a conversation that neither you nor he/she really wants to have. With Alex, I never got that feeling. She was easy to talk to, and easy to listen to, and just easy to make yourself feel comfortable with. I walked out very happy. It was a versatile haircut that I loved the look of walking out.But then comes the ultimate test. Does it still look good when it's my turn to be my own stylist?First time I washed my hair after the haircut, I honestly didn't even brush my hair and my hair looked good. I'm serious.Would lightning strike twice? This is all just too good to be true, right?Lightning struck twice. It's been a week since my haircut now, and all I can say is Alex is the real deal. And I mean, a real deal. She charges a very fair price that no one could ever argue with.Now comes my only dilemma. I live in Houston, TX. My purpose for coming to Phoenix was simply because of the interview. My sister is the one who took me to see Alex - and I'm so grateful she did. I'm having a hard time imagining wanting to ever want to go to anyone else just because of their convenience of location... Clearly, I just have to visit Arizona more often. :D Thanks again, Alex! As good as it gets.
5	I have been growing my hair out for about two years and made the decision to cut it all off recently. I had an idea of what I wanted in my mind but didn't have a picture to show as an example. I did a pretty shitty job of relaying the image but somehow Alex understood and delivered an awesome cut. I am so happy with the results-no regrets!! As a huge bonus, Alex takes the time to show you cool tricks to style your hair and do it yourself at home. All her products are natural, non- toxic and a lot of them are even safe to eat:) if you have kids, you don't have to worry about bringing them and having them inhale those toxic products because everything is super safe and gentle. Bottom line, this is an awesome salon in central/downtown Phoenix, all natural products and a hairstylist that takes the time and listens! Alex is great, go and see her!
5	I was lucky enough to find Alex and A Bloom Salon through a friend shortly after moving to Arizona. Not only does she do an excellent job with hair coloring (she even uses organic dyes!), but my hair has never grown as fast as it has since I started coming to this salon because of the way she cuts it. She has a lot of unique techniques that most stylists don't use, and may not even know about! The best part is you can tell she really has a passion for helping her clients. I won't go anywhere else!
5	I went to Alex for the first time knowing that I wanted my hair shorter....but that was about it. I have never had good experiences with hair stylists. I either walk away with a boring hair cut I could've gotten for $15 at Super Cuts, or I walk away with a way-too-complicated cut that requires lots of product and styling to look like it did at the salon. Alex is the very first hair stylist who has ever really "got" me. She asked me questions, talked to me, listened to me and gave me the absolute perfect hair cut - one that I could not have described to her because I didn't even know it's what I wanted. She somehow interpreted my vague confusing tidbits of information and sculpted that communication into the absolute perfect hair cut. On top of that - she makes you feel special, welcome and pampered. You can tell she loves what she is doing - she is very passionate and present. She also gives a totally divine scalp and neck massage. I would pay to come back just to have her do that. Her salon is beautiful, her products are non-toxic and my whole experince at aBloom Salon was fantastic! I can't wait to go back!
5	I have been going to Alex for 8 years now and still find that every visit is not only a boost to my self confidence for leaving looking fabulous but also emotional therapy! Alex is one of the most understanding, caring, kind and beautiful individuals both internally and externally, that I have ever been blessed to meet. Conversation is easy and natural while you receive the greatest scalp massage ever. Alex has stylistic vision, if you desire, or follows your direction to a tee. You could never leave unsatisfied!
5	Beautiful relaxing atmosphere to match the good vibes of people that work there. Alex took her time making me feel comfortable and making sure i felt and looked beautiful! I love that they use all natural products and my hair stayed in place and looked great without having to be weighed down by hair spray.I was very happy with visit to Abloom Salon
5	Love this place. Great feel great location and great products. I technically only went here in the first place because of Julia who is by far the best hair stylist I know. Been going to her for over 5 years and I wont let anyone else touch my hair. !
