5	I have had my eyebrows waxed, and was not pleased with the end result. The arch seemed weak, and the whole event was rushed in less than 5 minutes. The hunt for the perfect pair of eyebrows HAD BEGUN!I'd seen the new Patel's Threading salon right next to Fresh and Easy for the past few weeks, and finally went in this afternoon. A very kind and gracious woman named Ana was there, and I asked her if threading on my brows could even be done, with a good end result. She said "Of COURSE! I can give you a beautiful arch you will be happy with!" I immediatly sat my butt in the chair, and let Ana work her magic.The business is clean, and along the walls are posters of gorgeous-browed Indian actresses and models SO perfect, I wanted to swoon! I pointed to one, and told Ana THAT was going to be my brows, eventually, and she said it would be easily done- with a bit of work!The experience itself was comfortable, and Ana did NOT rush a thing. Each brow was given at least 5-6 minutes of individual attention, as she whirred her spool of thread, plucking, shaping and cleaning them up. When she was finally finished, I gasped in delight! My eyebrows had the PERFECT graceful, ladylike arch I'd only dreamed of, till then. Apparently, I had one ingrown hair she had pulled out, and I began to bleed a tiny bit. She apologized so many times, I had to tell her that these things happen, and I was still very very pleased and happy with how she did my brows. She staunched the flow of blood quickly, and even with this teeny snag, I still found the money WELL-spent, and i'm so happy.If you have thought about trying a eyebrow threading, see Ana at Patel's right away! She does a wonderful job, and was so pleasant and professional. Oh, on a side-note, after my HORRIBLE experience at Angel's Touch Spa 2 days ago and Yelped about, I asked her if I could charge it, and also a $5 gratuity for her on my credit card, for my brows. She graciously said "Yes, of course, and thank you very much!" and was just a joy to encounter, after such a bad customer service at that Spa. THIS is how you treat your customers, and clients!Ana is off on Sundays. They have a card for "Buy 4 Threading Sessions, get the 5th Free." The cost? ONLY $10! I'll be a loyal customer every 3 weeks now!
3	Bare minimum is the outlook of this establishment. There is little decoration and only one person was working when I walked in. For being a one woman operation, she has a loyal following customers who come in regularly. I will admit that my eyebrows look nice and clean, but the process was not a pain free or comfortable journey. Multiple hairs were being removed in a hectic fashion. On several occasions the thread had broke. Roll, rip, and scrapping were common actions. Ana is meticulous and quick, but when I looked closer in the mirror, I had small lacerations under my brows. I would come back if I knew there would not be a rush of people coming in. She had done a henna tattoo as I stepped in. One other person was before me and she had a full face threading to do after me. With that kind of pressure, I can understand why she was in a hurry to get me in and out.
5	This place is way better than Diva Beauty. Although, you may think that its a low class place...THINK AGAIN! When I go to Diva Beauty I always leave there with my eyebrows being red & have a itchy/burning feeling. & it sucks!I left Patels with a clean face.NO itches/burning & luckily NO red.Go here & you'll be amazed (:I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND IT!
5	I came in here on a Sunday to get my eyebrows cleaned up. The wait was moderately long since there were about 4 or 5 people ahead of me and only two ladies doing the threading. Luckily, this place is in the plaza next to Fresh and Easy, so I walked around there for a bit to pass the time.Overall, my eyebrows came out great and exactly the way I wanted them. My natural shape was precisely adhered to and the threading did not hurt as much as other places! I also confirmed the fantastic job they did when I started getting compliments for my eyebrows!This will be my regular place from now on since it is so close and the owners are so patient, nice, and very precise with their threading.
5	amazing anna strikes again!! seriously, i have been to plenty of other places, they start off good & then grow inconsistent...NOT anna!! she is always on!! such a perfectionist!! (which is great for another perfectionist) ;] & moms,...she also takes care of teen daughter & makes her brows look age appropriate.
1	I walked in looked around and this place has the bare minimum mostly looks like 1/2 occupied office in a strip mall. I decided to still give them a try the lady was working on someone and I had one more in front of me. She called the lady in front of me so I was happy I would be the next called another women walked in and was waiting then another women walked in the lady doing the threading said oh dont leave I know you are reg customer I will help you next I was shocked so I told the lady HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE and we are leaving!! We took our business to Shila Eyebrows Threading cheaper much cleaner and GREAT customer service! I was looking to find a place where I would become a regular customer but Patel's decided to lose business.
5	Best threading place in Vegas! See Ana for sure!!!!! She's off on Sunday/Monday. She does my eyebrows perfectly and always knows how I like them.
5	When I lived in Henderson for a year, this was the only place I went to get my eyebrows threaded. I went every 2 weeks and Ana was always there to do a great job. She works fast and that's how I like it. Most other threading places would work slow and I learned that threading slowly irritated my skin and I ended up bleeding and swollen but when Ana did it, she threaded so fast that I couldn't even feel the pain from the constant pulling. She even took the time to shape my eyebrows and make sure that it was clean. Since I've moved to the OC I've been looking for other threading shops that could do it as well as Ana but had no luck whatsoever. Hopefully they will open one up here in the OC.
4	I go here everytime i need my eyebrows done. They were kinda messed up by me using tweezers and making one a little bit too thin. After going here and having the girls thread my eyebrows they fixed them and now they are straight and even again. Thanks alot!
5	Ana is the best! Only person that ever touches my eyebrows.
5	I've frequent the Fresh & Easy here and see Patel's Threading all the time but never have the time to stop in. I'm very glad that I did!  Ana, the main threader here is AMAZING! She's quick and minimized the pain and she was very nice! I'm telling all my friends to go here for their eyebrows. And for $10--not a bad price at all. I will definitely be back!
2	I was fine with how my brows were done, but she made comments about how long it had been since I got my brows done & that I need to stop plucking... Which I never do. I then went to go pay, leaving a $2 tip for a $15 total... She had the nerve to make a sound when I gave her the $2! I was so shocked, I didn't even know how to respond. I should have just taken it back, but just left if there and walked out. Who knew a 15+% tip was bad for an average job. The galleria location is SO much better, I don't see how they have this huge store with one women at this location. I'll stick to the galleria store.
3	The good: I have been getting my eyebrows done here for over a year. It's always clean in the salon. Never a long wait. Only $10 for eyebrows. It's a little painful but less painful if you keep up on it. The lady always does a good job. The bad: The lady is one of the rudest people working in a customer service position that I have ever encountered. She looks at my eyebrows and says, "Oh my GAWD!" Like my eyebrows are the worst she's ever seen. I really don't need her rude comments. Just shut up and thread my eyebrows. Last time I went, I almost told her to F off and walked out. But I stayed. If she didn't do such a good job, I'd definitely go elsewhere. She seriously needs an attitude adjustment.
1	I rarely write reviews but this experience definitely warrants it. I shop at the Fresh and Easy next door and thought I would skip my usual threading place (Shila's off eatern) for the sake of convenience... big mistake!The woman who helped me seemed to have an okay attitude while helping me. We made small talk, if you could even call it that, and she seemed to be in a pleasant mood. She started going over one area of my eye lid repeatedly even after I asked her to stop. Long story short, I have a half inch cut on my eyelid which I did not notice until I got home. We went to the register to pay, still semi - talkative. She asked if I wanted to add a tip to my $14 total. I added $2 (15%) and she rolled her eyes and was done talking to me. I told her to have a nice day and she barely acknowledged my existence.  I've been to several threading places including the Patel's in the Galleria Mall (Khina is awesome!) And this is BY FAR the worst. I will stay loyal to Shila's for sure. This woman is also the only one who works this location in case you hope to be helped by someone more pleasant if you decide to stop here to save time.
2	They do great eyebrows but every time I go, they're closed. Very frustrating when I was excited about having a place close to home.
