5	This park is excellent. Has tennis courts, kids sandbox  play area, basketball courts, and a large grassy knoll.
5	This park is great. It is connected with The Arbors through a trail that is very nice, quiet and very well taken care of. At Tree Top you can have a barbecue or play baseball, walk your dog. Very well lit at night. The City of Las Vegas does look out for us, the residents of those neighborhoods.
4	Tree Top Park is a beautiful 5.2 acre Park in the Arbors neighborhood of Summerlin. Within its 5.2 acres are a barbecue pavilion, t-ball field, playground, and a connection to the Arbors Paseo Trail, which is an attractive linear park leading south toward the Arbors Tennis and Play Park.    Today, I spent  around an hour of my last Sunday of 2014 in Tree Top Park. My deal is that a temporary leg injury has  kept me off the major hiking trails. I am not the type of person that is going to sit  home and watch the wheels go round and round. No way! So, I researched the Summerlin trails, and found the Arbors Paseo Trail (or Arbors Paseo Park). In order to access this park, I had to use one of two parking lots at the anchor parks. The two parking lot choices were either the Arbors Tennis and Play Park to the south or Tree Top Park to the north. I drove further north to use the Tree Top Park parking lot.    Being in a major city and so close to the 215 Beltway and Summerlin Parkway interchange, Tree Top Park is an island of solitude. In both the afternoon and sundown, there was only one other vehicle in the parking lot and a few visitors. The majority of the few people that I saw were accompanied by their canine. The majority of my time spent in Tree Top Park was after walking on the Arbors Paseo Trail at the time when the last Sunday afternoon of 2014 was changing into night. I sat in  the unpopulated picnic pavilion. Sitting in the picnic pavilion, I was looking at a pastoral landscape of green grass blanketed by fallen leaves. An elevation in this field of green added texture to the pastoral landscape. The few trees were bare of leaves. If I had sat here in this relaxed state a few weeks ago, I would have taken in the changing Autumn colors. On the bright side if I return here in a few months, I could see the leaves blossoming in the Spring. With so few trees, why did they name this Tree Top Park?!  I am under the impression they should of named this Mountain Tops Park. You see, high above the rooftops on the north border of Tree Top Park are the majestic mountains of the Red Rock National Conservation Area. They are absolutely mesmerizing. The picnic pavilion provided me with an advantageous view of the sundown reflecting off the majestic mountains of the Red Rock National Conservation Area. This was the Best of Vegas!  Sometimes the best things in life are free. Admission to Tree Top Park is a free experience that leaves you rich in memories. It is memories of walking along the attractive Arbors Paseo Trail, playing t-ball, quality time with your canine, or reflective moments enjoying the priceless show of a sundown reflecting off the majestic mountains above Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area. Tree Top Park is free admission well spent.
