4	Went here after reading the review above mine.  Glad to see they just relocated.  Atmosphere and decor was better than the old location, so that is good.  Food was phenomenol!  We ordered steaks, asparagus, shrimp cocktail.  All was wonderful, and steaks were cooked perfectly.  Cannot beat getting a 14 oz Strip, Salad, and potato for $24.00.  Will definitely go back!
4	Came here for dinner tonight with my bf and two of his good buddies....originally since it was like three guys and I...Yardhouse would seem like a better choice...but his buddy insisted on trying Carvers so that is exactly where we ended up and it was a great choice!I ordered the 8oz fillet mignon....perfect medium rare, succulent and tasty! paired with some peppercorn sweet potato fries and it's perfecto! Also came with Caesar salad and really good dinner rolls with whipped butter. =D It was well worth the $26 dollars to me.My bf ordered the stuffed fillet - 8oz fillet mignon stuffed with Portabello mushrooms and blue cheese then wrapped with a strip of bacon. My fork couldn't resist from taking a small chunk....omg it was so gooooood! my mouth exploded with the flavors of mushrooms, blue cheese, crispy bacon and the succulent mignon all at the same time! it was a party in my mouth! =D i have to order this the next time...or well maybe try the prime rib too. super well worth the $28!I definitely enjoyed this expensive dinner tonight =D   Although I must say the service wasn't as great. The waitress didn't really want to serve us...she wasn't mean but her services seems rather forced...in a way I kinda felt she was like that because we were young, Asian and wasn't super well dressed....I mean other people there were dressed very casually too..but there were a lot more older people...say around 40's and there was a family or two. But nonetheless, her service wasn't super great for a expensive steakhouse. The atmosphere is of course romantic -- your usual dimly lit, crisp white table cloths with white and silver dinnerware...candle on the side of the table and of course your wine glasses prepared to be fill with one of their expensive bottles of wine...heheI would definitely come back here when I'm in Arizona again! =D
1	20 minutes at our reserved table without so much as a glance from anyone, much less a glass of water. Left and went to Flemings.
2	My hubby and I went there For the first time a couple months ago. We were both not really impressed at all with the food or even the service. It wasn't horrible bit we both agree we will likely not be back. The atmosphere was a little too dark for dinner. The patio seemed nicer but we ate inside the dining room.
5	My Fiance and I went out to Carver's last night for the first time and we really enjoyed it. A client had referred me there and we were very happy. They had a date night special, so we both got an entree (ny strip w/ shrimp and parmesan crusted sea bass)- both Amazing. This gave us $10.00 off our check and a free brownie dessert. Lovely dining experience and great food & drinks. Our server, Beatrice was Amazing!Highly Recommended!
5	We have been here twice now. The steak is incredible, I have eaten at steak houses across the country and this can hold it's own.  We ordered the filet and stuffed filet, it just melts in your mouth. The house wine is really good as well. Our waitress Debbie was so nice, we will be back!
5	Atmosphere: is warm, inviting, welcoming, peaceful and romantic. The food: Yummy, tasty, delicious.Staff: Warm, welcoming, knowledgeable, friendly, neat and polite.Management: Friendly and warm.Our server Debbie was AWESOME!!!! The General Manager - Mark made us feel at home.I had the filet mignon with potatoes au gratin,  zucchini, and sauteed mushrooms. My husband had the prime rib with sweet potato french fries and sauteed onions. We both agreed that our meal was phenomenal! The house wine is superb! Definately a nice place to go out on a date!!!
1	I first visited Carver's in October for a family member's birthday and couldn't have had a more perfect evening, from first greeting, to a great waiter and excellent food.  Because of that, and having a small family, we decided to try it for Thanksgiving dinner, which is always risky.  I made the reservation a month in advance and asked several questions about their plan, which sounded perfect.  On arrival we were led through the entire restaurant, through a back door into their storage room - literally.  It was behind a set of double doors usually kept closed, the walls were like particle board painted orange with some tacky wall fixtures, no windows and the neon Exit light over the industrial back door.  There were three tables crammed in this room which could have been card tables.  I immediately complained and was told that was all that was available.  When I asked about the empty table for six in the restaurant we just passed, I was told that had already been requested.  After complaining again to our waiter about being seated in the storage room, he laughed and agreed with me.  He also then relayed a story to us about a woman in the restaurant who was literally crying because they told her the pie was not included in the price of the Thanksgiving dinner, so after debating what to do with her they decided to comp her meal.  All while I'm still steaming because we couldn't receive better treatment.  At that late date there weren't a lot of options so we stayed.  If anyone has any intentions of planning a dinner party at this restaurant, I would recommend you have a signed agreement on the seating plan before spending an evening in a storage room.
2	Poor service with cold food!
5	Visited Carvers Steaks and Chops on Monday night for the first time.  YUMMIE!!!  Service was excellent, thank you Bernice and the Steak melts in your mouth!  The Calamari is delicious, seriously this was a treat.  You Eat with your Eyes and when the food arrived it is a visual delight.  Brilliant color, aroma and such flavor.  John, Leigha and myself give this a WOOHOO!  Thank you Todd Cunningham you ROCK!
5	YUM! Prime rib is always excellent. Took mom and dad here for dad's bday dinner. Dad always complains about something while dining, but this was the first time he didn't! In fact, he couldn't stop complimenting everything!  We all had a very pleasant dining experience. Service was top notch, as well. We'll be back again for sure!
