5	Great Place! Price is perfect! My hair grow fast with the authentic Dominican hair products they used.
1	Stay away from this establishment!!!!!I am from NYC and am half Dominican with very long thick hair.  I decided to go w Grimilda Gonzalez because I was afraid that the salons in the casino would not be able to deal w my type of hair.   Big mistake!!!!!!  I booked w her 1 year in advance, I also offered to pay her extra so that she would open her salon at 8 am vs 10am (her usual opening time) for me & my bridesmaids.  Initially, she agreed to open earlier for us but as the date approached and I called her to confirm she told me that she would open her salon for me @ 9:30 and that I would have my hair done by 11:30 because she was going to hire extra help.  So the day of my wedding, i show up @ the salon @ 9:40 (10 min late due to traffic) only to find out that she hadn't arrived, she shows up @ 10:07 am.  She than proceeds to work on my hair very slowly claiming that I would be done by 11:30, @ 12 pm I was still under her hair dryer which is outdated and doesn't even get as hot as most dryers do, @ 12 I started to panic because I was still under the dryer, my 2 bridesmaids were not ready as well, & my wedding was due to start @ 3pm, all while I was under the dryer she was disrespectful and plain rude.  She even had the nerve to say that she would've opened her salon earlier for a fee when it was her who canceled that option for me stating that she hired 2 other stylist, that never never showed up!!!'. She had her daughter there who clearly is not a stylist but a shampoo girl.  I was so sad and worried that I began to cry out of frustration!!!  Only then did she take pity on me and had her daughter finish my hair by curling what was still wet (2 hr under hair dryer!!!) with a curling iron.  When I was completed she decided to overcharge me for having to use the curling iron on my hair!!!!!  I just wanted to run outta there so I paid and speed back to my hotel.  I had to leave my bridesmaids behind and I later found out that they too were overcharged.  Eg: she quoted that a hairstyle would range b/w 65-75 and she charged us all 100+++.  The only thing that saved me that morning was that I had done a keratin treatment back in NYC which made it easier to fix my hair quickly in time for my wedding. Warning stay away from this salon!!!!  She's an unprofessional  con artist!!!!!
4	One thing about me is I like to get my hair done a lot, since I cut it short . I normally go to another Dominican salon, but she only works by appointments and she is done by the mid afternoon. Being that this shop takes walk-ins is a plus. Yes the prices are high compared to the east coast, but then again there are only three Dominican salons in Vegas. This one would be my second choice -because the lady I normally go to is friendly and she opens up early in the morning. The owner is nice and friendly and she is quick. They also sale lot of the products that I have personal purchased from the DR myself, and her daughter who does the shampooing massages your scalp very well-even though she is silent the whole time you are there.scale 1-5 with 5 being highCustomer service/being friendly-2.9Service's-5In and out without staying all day-5Prices-pricy - 3 (bills, lights, food on table need to be paid)relaxer runs about 85-90wash, leave in, rolls, blow dry, flat iron -45- uphours- mon-sat (they closed at 7pm/ i so go alot of times after work)They take debit, cash, and credit card
3	First Dominican Salon I visited in Las Vegas since my move from DC.  It's far but it's a nice salon.  I haven't had any complaints about their salon but one.  I don't receive a decent blow out like I would from DC.  I get the blow outs and it last for 2-weeks if 3...but I just would like the same hair style from my Dominican salon in DC.  I know different stylist but I just don't get it.  It should be easy, next visit I have videos of the lady whom has been doing my hair in DC for 5-years.  I will bring it to the salon and see if they can duplicate the magic because once I sit in that chair and I'm not happy afterward I refuse to pay.  Take care ladies.
1	How relieved I was to find out about this shop because of the great job someone did on my sister's hair. We are African American, I am fluent in Spanish, my sister is not. At any rate the 'owner'  'Cruella 'said disrespectful, inconsiderate and just hateful things about everything and everyone in my family from my children, to their father and even complained about me not tipping her over the $75 she charged for my daughter's hair. In spanish she said yeah, 75 no more no less. SHE IS VERY LUCKY I PAID HER AT ALL.  Oh and the owner 'Cruella' really charges $40 for garlic cream and miscellaneous products that can only be found in the Dominican Republic..or online for 5 bucks. Every sense I had was insulted by this place. The only thing stopping me from some dramatic Tyler Perry scene was my kids watching me..I wanted to tackle this broad. At any rate, like a previous poster suggested, unless you understand spanish I AM WARNING YOU don't go to this salon unless you too have some severe form of self hate like the owner who is African too (but don't tell her) and enjoy being disrespected in a serious way. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE. Unprofessional, disrespectful and completely unappreciative.  I was EXCITED to get there only to be let down. If only I checked with Yelp first. Oh well...  btw the owner never told me her name, it was just I'm the owner, but she was very clear about showing her huge puppies in a low cut too small dress. It would've been completely fine for her to hide the puppies.....ew.Disgusted and disgusting.
4	I've been bringing my niece here for several years. They are a little pricy but they do a great job so I will continue to bring her. The time management here is a little off so I always try and be here early.
1	Most racist ignorant salon I have ever been too.I am Dominican and black and I  am very fluent in Spanish.I am from NYC and have been to many Dominican salons and prices over there range from 30-60 (I have shoulder length and thick hair) So I told her about my mixed race and she told me that I must of gotten my bad hair from my black side. While washing my hair she was complaining that it was too thick and told me she didn't want to untangle my hair because it looked like hard work so I offered to do it for her so she can stop whining. She told me my dad (my black side) must have bad hair like that. Funny because he actually has very fine hair... STRIKE 1 !!During the time under the hair dryer her and her mother were talking about the other clients and how sad it was that black people hair is nasty and how can they be born that way. Mind you, most of the people in there are black and probably can't understand Spanish... STRIKE 2After blow drying my hair I was impressed, she did a good job, I was just thinking about giving her a tip until she told me my hair came out ugly because I needed my ends trimmed. I told her I was fine and that I am satisfied with my hair and she kept telling me I needed one so my hair can look right. She then told me that she wouldn't charge me and that I should get it before she changes her mind. So I finally agreed.BIG mistake I made because I hated it after she cut my endsThen when it came time to pay she charged me an extra $15 for cutting my ends on top of the $70 for a wash and set because she said it was so much work untangling my thick hair and next time I come she would charge me less...I WILL NEVER RETURN TO THIS HORRID DISGUSTING PLACE!!
