5	My expereince with Vanessa at Haul in Ass was much different than the review i just finished reading Three weeks ago we had a black tie wedding for are daughter at El Charro with 105 guest  Many of the guest we from out of town and had never been to the desert So to have a wedding donkey at the wedding was huge.  Some of the best pictures of the wedding and guest included the beer donkey   Having the donkey there during the cocktail hour made the event funThe wedding planner worked with Vanessa after my intial contact. i never heard of any booking issues from the planner  She showed up on time, had the donkey ready to go, took great oictures, sent us a CD within a week .... Bottom line the beer donkey added to make the big day fun and special for allPleased custome
5	My husband and I were recently married at the Desert Foothills Events Center in a glamorous rustic wedding. With many of our guests coming from out of town, Canada and even Russia, what better way to kick off a cocktail hour in the southwest than with a wedding beer burro! Vanessa was a pleasure to work with and nothing but professional. She responded promptly to my emails and my questions on how the day would go, given I did not use a wedding planner. The burro and handler arrived early and were set up as soon as our 200 guests entered the patio area.  Mijah was the hit of the party- between Facebook selfies from the guests and much enjoyment of feeding carrots from the flower girls, I couldn't imagine the wedding without her. We would highly recommend the beer burro for anyone's wedding.
5	I am so glad we had the burro at our wedding at El Chorro. It was a hit! I can't tell you how many photos are floating around online with our friends and the burro! It is such a great memory for our guests and we love seeing all of their photos having a blast. I would highly recommend hiring the burro for any special event you have. Vanessa was very easy to work with and everything was simple and straightforward. She even decorated the burro in our wedding colors. I have a hard time believing the first review on this page after we had such a great experience ourselves! It was priceless!
