1	I saw Mumford and Sons here and it was the worst concert I've ever been to. They made you take off the caps of any water bottles you were taking in making it extremely inconvenient to stay hydrated on a hot summer night. You could not hear ANYTHING on the lawn. The faint sound of the band was either muffled by chants of "Turn it up!" or hushes from the crowd in attempt to get people quite enough to make out what song the band was singer. According to their facebook page people who attended different concerts experienced the same issues. Save yourself some money and buy a live album.
3	I have been to a ton of different concert venues from Red Rocks to the Hollywood Bowl and while Desert Sky Pavillion doesn't have the acoustics like those it does have a little charm of its own. We went to see Mumford and Sons and while it was a hot night I was pleasantly surprised of the set up. The large ceiling fans and lighting gave this venue a cool more intimate concert feeling for a venue it's size. My downfall for this place is the acoustics. We sat in the lower covered area and I was very surprised at how the acoustics seemed muted. We did sit a little to the side, but not enough to experience that kind of sound. It's too bad because this place does have some promise. I have seen other reviews about the parking and such, but any concert venue is going to have those problems. And as far as the water bottles needing the tops off that is for the safety of the band and concert goers as you can throw it with the cap on. I will give them another try when the lumineers head there in Oct.
1	Went to Mumford and Sons. Terrible sound. Terrible cell reception - not recommended for a big group of friends that get split up. Expensive water bottles, and I couldn't even keep the cap. Courteous staff.
2	The parking and entrance to this venue leaves a lot to be desired.  I also would not suggest lawn tickets.  Ultimately, I doubt I would ever go to a show here again.  We left before Luke Bryan was probably half way through his set.  I found acoustics okay from my seat but wasn't going to get stuck in traffic forever getting out of parking lot.   A shame considering price of tickets.
2	I've been here for Rockstar Mayhem and for Luke Bryan. What do you get in an outdoor ampitheatre? Well, the heat for starters. And for seconds, bad acoustics. And for thirds, a lot of bands/singers/acts come to this venue during the summer - go figure.Also, VERY expensive drinks. WTF, $13 for a 20oz can? C'mon.With that said, I'm more of a pit concert goer or a lawn type person. I don't like to sit in a seat. Boring. If you sit on the lawn expect to have whatever you have sitting on the ground to be kicked 2 rows away. Not the people's fault - it is dark, they are drunk, and your shit blends in with the ground. Also expect to have NO cell service. You will get it, but it is low. Therefore, your battery will be gone before the concert is over. So when you are wandering around on the lawn trying to find your blanket and your people, don't plan on calling them because everyone's phone was dead. I charged mine to 98% before entering the concert and at the end mine was the only one that was alive at all. The other FIVE people's phones were dead (and other people had their phones fully charged as well). We weren't taking video or anything else, either. If someone told me that the place had a cell phone jammer installed... I wouldn't doubt it for a second.NO SERVICE. So plan accordingly on how to find your party and plan ahead of how you are meeting to go home.This place is expensive and I serioulsy thought I spent more time going to the bathroom and aimlessly wondering around the lawn tripping over everyone's shit than I did watching the show. I wish more acts picked other venues... or demanded that the prices aren't so high (like Kid Rock demanding that beer be sold for $4).
1	One time too many, but it was Luke Bryan so I had to go.$4.50 for water, thanks for taking advantage of us in the dead of summer when it's 110!I had good seats and thought it was going to be great but I found myself paranoid for most of the concert because they don't clean the cover over the seats and dried bird poop was raining down on the people around me. I felt bad for them. :(The acoustics not good either. Also people don't know how to use the garbage at this place I kept getting bottles of booze hitting my feet. I had REALLY high hopes because the amphitheater in Utah was amazing.If I want to go to another concert at an amphitheater I'll fly to Salt Lake City to see it.I won't be back here.
2	Let me start out by saying that I didn't give Desert Sky Pavilion two stars because I didn't have a great time. I saw Mumford and Sons here a couple of months ago and the concert itself was phenomenal. HOWEVER, I made the mistake of buying lawn tickets because #1 they were cheaper, and #2 I thought it would be fun to cuddle up on a blanket with my hubby as opposed to being condemned to two hard seats all night. The concert went awry when the back speaker went out...the only one supplying the left side of the lawn with beautiful music. Everyone that was within earshot of the blown speaker started screaming "TURN IT UP! We can't hear!!" ruining whatever music was left for us to hear. Needless to say, the concert would have been 1000x better had it been held at a different venue. Thanks, Desert Sky/Ak Chin/whatever.Overall, unless its your ALL TIME ABSOLUTE favorite artist, skip this place.
4	This place has changed names so many times but this was the most "updated" name of the venue I could find. It's current name is Ak-Chin Pavilion. Anyways, I came here for the first time to see Gavin DeGraw/The Script/Train last night. I read all the horrible reviews and was a little nervous coming here. We came about an hour before the concert and had no problem with finding the place, parking, getting in or finding a place on the lawn to sit. In my opinion, drinking a beer and being on the lawn was a really wonderful way to enjoy a summer night. The sound and stage set ups for all the bands were really great and thought they put on a great show! The only downside for me was the fact that everything was extremely overpriced. I paid $12 for a beer and water was a whopping $7.50! I would suggest bringing your own water and eating beforehand. The marijuana smoking on the lawn was also a small issue so if you are sensitive to that, beware. Overall, had a great time and would definitely return!
4	I don't understand what everyone's beef is this this place. I have seen Rascal Flatts twice here and both times it was wonderful! The lines moved relatively quickly for the massive amount of people who where there. I sat in the seats one year and the lawn one year and both times the sound was great. It was a great crowd and I had a great view even from the lawn. The only thing I gave it one star down for was that in the lawn sets I was breathing second hand smoke the entire show which was gross and unfortunate. Wish they'd make it no smoking. I have never had a bad experience there and I would go to another show there.
1	Worst treatment I have ever had after spending $80 for Dave Chappel tickets x 2. $11 beers, $4.50 for water, security were jerks. Says show starts at 5 but can't sit til 6 with show at 7.
2	3 stars for the ampitheater itself. I came to the comedy festival yesterday with some friends and we had good seats (tight, but good) and the sound system and visual were on point. 1 star for everything else sucking. My radar was up when the exit to the theater was backed up for miles on the freeway. I'd never been before so we did a quick workaround and got off on 83rd street. Approaching the venue, I realized that the entrance is not to far from the freeway, and you have to make a right turn so all of the cars were waiting in one line when approached from different directions, you could have turned into any of the 4-5 open entrance lanes. I found it interesting that there were tons of security in the parking lot NOT directing traffic. So you had no idea where parking was available in their labyrinth of a lot but we eventually found a spot. Line to get in - unorganized but not unbearable. We arrived about 30 minutes after the gates opened and saw a huge line so like human beings we got in the end of the line and moved along. When we got closer we were told that we could join any of the lines that were much shorter right in front of the entrance. Bags were checked and we were in after a few minutes. For seating 20,000 people, the areas around the stage are WAY too small and cramped in my opinion. Every line for concessions was melding into another line and it was difficult to navigate around everyone. Also - very expensive. I was starving so I splurged on a Mike's hard and loaded nachos = $20. Yeah...The show was great. Weather was perfect. Security was on hand and quickly dealt with hecklers. Getting out of the parking lot was a NIGHTMARE - again no direction by anyone. Took us about 30 minutes and that's because we took a back way out that not a lot of people were keen on. I'm sure people were there for a lot longer. With this knowledge, I'd definitely come back to see someone I HAD to see live, but I wouldn't be running back.
1	Awful, awful, awful.  Tickets said 5 PM, so we got there for 3:30 so we could get set up early.  The parking lot doesn't open until 4:30...okay.  So, we figured we'd kill time and got some food.  In the meantime, the lines to get in the parking lot become a clusterfun.  Finally open the parking lot gates.  And now time to wait in line to get in the actual ampitheater  We were front of the line so we were talking to the security ladies who were nice.  Then they couldn't figured out if gates opened at 5 or 5:30.  Some may complain about the cell phone policy but that was the comedy acts rule and not the ampitheater rule from what i can tell.  Gates finally open, we're excited to get to our lawn seats so we can set up and get comfortable...oh, but the lawn doesn't open until 6 PM...what???  So, we have to walk around with our blanket and bag for another hour?  I guess that will force us to buy your overpriced beer and food?  Only two acts were going to be on the main stage and the rest were going to be on another stage (?) but no one we asked seemed to know where this stage was.  It was frustrating so realizing we only paid $20 each for the tickets, we decided to leave about 15 minutes after we entered the gates.  The disorganization was to a level I have never seen before.  The whole experience was horrible.  I can't think of any event that could drag me back to this hellhole.
2	I'll pass on going to this venue, based on our experience at the Oddball Comedy Festival.We got there 15 minutes before the show supposedly started, and there was a huge line to get in for parking. There was also a huge line to enter the venue. Since there were so many people attending, I figure this was understandable given the sheer volume of patrons.While the show was advertised at starting from 5-10 P.M. on the website, it didn't actually start until more like 5:45-6, with Dave Chappelle at the very end at 10:30ish (He was advertised on a few small handwritten signs near the entrance as starting at 10). Drinks and food were pricey, due to the monopoly the venue had on eating and drinking options (You are not allowed back in after you exit). We didn't feel like paying $9 for a hot dog, or $10 for a burrito, so we toughed it out until the end of the show and got some late night eats afterwards.The seats are hard plastic, which was fine to sit in around 5ish when temps were reasonable, but I'm not sure how hot they would be in summer temperatures. The seats themselves are kind of narrow, and you might be bumping shoulders and arms with your neighbor.While the huge fans overhead are nice when it's hot outside, as the temps got cooler, we were blasted by the fans and the wind and I was very cold in my seat at night since we were directly above the fanIf you are sensitive to smoke, in either cigarette or "medical" variety, this is not the place for you. This is pretty much to be expected since you are in an outdoor venue. I wasn't sitting in direct contact with any smokers, but I could still smell various smoke fumes from rows away.Not all the seats are covered, so if you are getting a seat on the side, make sure it is as close to the center as possible if you want to avoid sitting in the sun with no shade.Overall, meh. While I'm glad I got to see Dave Chappelle live, it's going to take a really phenomenal show to entice me to go to the Ak-Chin Pavilion again.
1	Went to the Oddball Comedy show, the comedians were amazing! I loved Dave Chappelle. Now the Ak Chin pavilion. It was the first time I had been there. It was horrible. Traffic was a nightmare no one directing traffic, it was backed up for miles on I-10 took a long time to get there, narrowly missed getting into several accidents with cars driving all over the place. They didn't open the gates until after 5pm (tickets said show starts at 5pm) so we stood around in lines for almost 1 hour. The beer was WAY overpriced $12-$15 each. The food was expensive too (we went to Burger King after the show). They wouldn't let us go to our seats until 6pm so everyone was crammed into a small area and it was very uncomfortable, no where to set your drink so you could eat, whereas all the seats have cup holders so would have been nice if they let us go to our seats. Seemed like most of the security/ushers didn't know why they wouldn't let us to our seats. There were no signs saying where we had to enter for the 100's & 200's section. They made us go the long way to our seats instead of the short way. It was completely unorganized and seemed like they had never held an event there before. I will probably never go back to Ak Chin Pavilion.
3	I came here last weekend for the Oddball fest, and had no issues with parking, lines, etc.  The food options were mediocre, but I don't think you really expect much from a concert venue.  They did have a Gardenburger, which was a welcome change from the usual veggie options of nachos and pizza.  Food and drinks are expensive, so I would definitely make sure you bring a lot of cash, or you'll be stuck waiting for the ATMs.We sat on the grass.  The acoustics for the comedy show was fine, but I could see it lacking for an actual concert.  The grassy area got cold at night, so I would come prepared with blankets!
2	I came here on 9/22  for the Oddball Comedy Festival.  My friend and I felt duped!  Our tickets said 5:00pm. So we thought that was the start time of the show.  I'm not sure if it's Tickmasters fault or Ak-Chin Pavilion, but boy were we mislead. The show didn't start until 7:00pm.  So for two hours we had to kill time with medicore-at-best food with ridiculously expensive drinks( $4.50 for water and $13 for 20oz beer). Thankfully they didn't charge for parking, but I would rather pay for parking and eat at a restaurant with better food than be forced to buy food/drink at the Ak-Chin Pavilion.The sound was decent.  My friend and I sat fairly close in hard plastic chairs. With the show starting at 7 and not ending until 11, the chairs were definitely not comfortable by the end of the night.  Also, like another reviewer stated the huge overhead fans were nice at the beginning of the show, but as the evening progressed and the wind picked up I became very cold in my seat.I don't plan on returning to a venue at the Ak-Chin Pavilion
4	I saw some of the reviews on here and I was expecting something terrible but it went great with the Keith Urban concert. The concessions are way overpriced but you go anywhere like this and the concessions will be through the roof. I give it a great rating as the parking was awesome, the sound was great and the traffic wasnt too bad. The only reason why it wasnt 5 stars was because the security was awful with letting the drunks really take over at some points in the midway
4	I saw Keith Urban and LIttle Big Town recently, this was my first concert since moving to Phoenix. I've seen Keith up close before and to save money we chose lawn seats, the sound was great, he played in the center for several songs giving us a close up performance, his lighting and video behind the stage was super. i agree the concessions/beer prices are ridiculous but I wasn't surprised. It was a perfect night weather wise, it did run late and we left a few minutes earlier than he stopped performing.I do recommend exiting the I 10 before 83rd, that's where all the traffic was. I will arrive earlier to get a better lawn seat but we had a great time, in fact will be there for Jason Aldean the 17th! For $30 sitting in my own chair in the lawn under the stars is worth it.
2	This is one of my least favorite music venues in Phoenix.  I have sat in many different areas and sections, and all are lackluster.  The sound is hit or miss depending on the concert and where you sit.  The lawn seats are usually the only affordable option, unless I just love the band playing.  We saw Train perform there a few months ago.  I thought I had bought some great seats because they were over $40 each, but when we arrived we weren't even in the lower section of seats.  Those seats were over $80!!  Outrageous!!  I can't stand sitting in the lawn at this venue because so many idiots smoke pot while sitting out there and you are forced to smell that disgusting smell for hours on end.  The beer and food are insanely expensive and very low quality.
1	I recently came here for the Jason Aldean Night Train Tour. I've been to a lot of concerts in the Phoenix area and around Texas. This by far the worst sounding venue I have ever been too. I don't care who is playing here, I will never come back.A few other side notes:-Low security inside the venue (I saw more security at fear farm then this place)-Didn't see any paramedics on-site-Overpriced drinks
3	This place is a very nice venue- traffic can be a pain to get there on busy nights but the free parking is nice. The people who work there tend to treat you like a number- to be expected at concert venues. Food and Beer is pricey- they offer a value beer though which is ok. The main issue I have with this venue is it is SO far away and getting there on a weekday for a night concert- is a nightmare.
4	I attended my first concert at this location earlier this week. I was surprised by where this is actually located. I think I have driven by on 83rd without realizing it was there. The venue is very large and seems to be divided into two sides with entry dependent on where you park. We had general admission lawn seating which was decent although once the concert started everyone stood through the whole thing. It was pretty much impossible to see the people on stage well enough to know who wAs who without the big screens from that far back so if that is important to you spring for the more expensive seats. I was happy where we were and enjoyed the concert. Concession prices were typical for that kind of venue $4.50 for a bottle of water. As drunk as everyone seemed around me they must have made a fortune on alcohol sales. Overall I really enjoyed the night and the outdoor venue. Gotta live Phoenix evenings in Oct. I wouldn't hesitate to attend another concert here.
3	Went to see Zac Brown this week and I had pretty low expectations based on the previous reviews. The gates opened at 5:30 for the 7pm show. Most of the crowd arrived after 6. We sat in front row of the lawn and could see pretty good. The sound seemed ok don't recall seeing speakers in back but we could hear fine. Beer was the same price as a DBacks game 24oz can for $11.00, probably go back only if it's a show I really want to see.
5	This place has had many names over the years. But it is still one of my favorites for concerts. I love being outside this time of year and the weather was perfect for our most recent concert. There are plenty of vendors inside and the lines are not crazy to get food and drinks. The prices are a little but that is everywhere you go now at events. Our most recent concert was Zac Brown Band and the seats were amazing. The only bad part would be if you had seats that were uncovered and it was bad weather but we have always been fortunate enough to have covered seats. Great place for concerts and we will be back! Parking was decent as well and free!
4	Name change: The new name is Ak-Chin Pavilion.I've been to this location for several concerts. The best thing about this location is that they always start on time.
1	I was just at the Kings of Leon show and I had again some real issues with this place. 1st: I was a corporate season box ticket holder for over 5 years, canceled the service in 2008 because the boxes are not protected by security and box crashers are abundant. The other night, we had multiple people jumping through the boxes to get to the walk way for the bath rooms, at one point I had to grab a drunk idiot by the throat and push him back over the rails, security sucks!! 2: VIP lounge has gotten so bad, its an embarrassment. I counted 10 bartenders but 2 were working, management spent most of the night training the other 8 how to use the cash register. Only 2 imports, Corona light and Tecate, Seriously! At least have a Heineken for the non Hispanic group. The chairs on the lawn are scattered like some flop house, really funny to see. The food buffet ! If you want to call it that, a laughable joke! Really cat fish sandwiches! 3: Prices for a large draft beer $13, 1 bottle of Coke $5, are you people out of your mind? 4: Waitress staff for VIP boxes are the only plus, much improved. 5: Getting out of the Venue, as always a joke!!!!! I stopped going to this venue a long time ago, I love KOL but it took a lot of effort to spend my hard earned money to go to a Ghetto scene as this.New management is really needed, you have good ticket sales you need a manager who is not cheap! If I was I was the Ak Chin tribe management, I would look elsewhere to represent your name.I travel to venues throughout the US and overseas, this place is an embarrassment for anyone coming to Phoenix for a show.
3	This venue needs to pick a name and stick to it. Like, identity issues much? But I've seen some pretty incredible shows here. Pro tip: bring a flask.
1	Never again!  A failed attempt at making someones birthday special.  Great VIP Box Seats, Section 103, VIP Box H.  What a joke.  I ended up spending the evening playing games on my cell phone.  Several young, arrogant, yelling, dancing, smoking jerks, all women, obviously box crashers, never sat down.  1-2 feet in front of you the entire evening.  Could not see the stage thru them and extremely difficult to see the large screens next to the stage.  Where was security?  $10.00 for a cup of beer, $13.00 for a can of Ultra?  Really?  VIP, what does that mean?  Food was  bar food at best.  For the $400.00 plus I spent for the night it could have been a lot better.  The only positive part was the VIP parking and entrance.  The VIP restrooms.  Thank heavens for urinals, could not get to the stalls for the women using them. VIP MEN'S restroom.  Really?  Very low class for VIP service.  Facility is impressive.  Obviously Management is there to only collect the money.It was bad enough for me to look up who owns this place.  Ak-Chin, I'd take my name off, it's giving you a worse name.  People, spend your money elsewhere.  Spending money here is condoning getting ripped off.  Maybe they will get it and correct it.  At least take a stun gun because security won't do their job.
4	We went to the Tim McGraw concert here on May 16. The high was 104 so it was definitely a warm night. We had lawn seats and brought a big blanket. It was pretty crowded, but not horrible. We had a great time. I wish the speakers were a tad louder so you could really feel the music back on the lawn. Also, the driving there was horrible. Took 1 hour to drive 15 miles...
2	Why oh why do they offer so many good shows here? This place is a nightmare!First off, the parking is atrocious. Get here like an hour early if you want to avoid the rip-your-hair-out-run-people-over-cuss-a-lot frustration that comes with the freakishly long line of cars that starts a mile before you even get to Ak-Chin. There's got to be a better system for this.Second...we saw a girl squat down and pee (yes, really) just outside of the pavilion. I don't think we are in Kansas anymore folks...it was disgusting to say the very least...not sure why no one stopped her.The show itself was great and the weather cooperated fairly well...the seats a re a little close together, which can make for an awkward nice-to-meet-you-sorry-I-brushed-your-arm for the 25th time moment.The food is a rip off, much like any concert venue. $4.50 for a bottle of water, $9+ for anything alcoholic and at least $8-12 for any type of snack.We left during the band's last song and before the encore because I could foresee another I-want-to-slit-my-wrists getting out of the parking lot moment. I think we will be staying far away from Ak-Chin as much as possible unless there is a must see concert there.
4	I recently saw Tim McGraw at this venue. Parking was super easy, getting in and out. I was in the lawn, and as long as you get there at a decent time you should have no issue getting a decent spot. Remember if you are in the lawn your view will not be ideal, but for me it was more about being at the concert and hearing the music. Bring blankets to sit on if you are in the lawn. There are venues to get food and beverages, but everything is way overpriced. There were a few times during the concert where it was difficult to hear, but overall it was a great experience at this venue. Nothing beats a summer country concert outside!
2	The venue itself is nice. The security is lacking some decent respect and manners. We were ID'd when buying our beer, then as we sat (calmly, sipping on our ONE beer, not being disruptive in any way) security kept eyeing us. Eventually TWO security guards and a manager came up to us to RE-id us, giving us the stink eye as we handed over our (REAL, I absolutely am over 21) ID's. During the process of handing me back my ID, he knocked over my FULL beer that I had just paid 14 fucking dollars for, offered a weak apology and left. Such bullshit, after they stormed up to us in a pack like it was the end of the world, demanded we (for the second time) hand over our IDs, and knocked over my beer, the least you could do is offer me a new beer. I got all of two sips in before I was so rudely intrrupted by your drunk-on-power security team. If you want to ID me, that's completely understandable, but to army up a group of 3 people for two girls literally sitting on the lawn doing NOTHING but chatting is excessive and ridiculous. Now I'm out 14 dollars and pissed off before the concert has even started. Congratu-fucking-lations on your LACK OF customer service.
4	We went to guest services, who directed us to the head of security. We explained our story, and he escorted us through the crowd to the front of the line where we promptly received another free beer. The bartenders backed us up, explaining that we had JUST been there, and they had checked our ID's as well. I appreciate the rest of the staff going above and beyond to rectify the situation! Our night turned around from there, the concert was amazing, and the venue was a lot of fun!
5	My first experiecne was over the weekend. I was there for the Malibu BSE Tour with One Republic. This is an outside concert with stadium and lawn seating. Smaller venue with plenty of parking, bathrooms, food and beverage options. I have to say it was very easy to get in and out. No long lines through security with a friendly staff at all areas where workers were stationed. The venue was neat and clean.
3	What can you say, it's June, it's Phoenix and your outside..... But if the entertainer is worth it, it's not bad.  Open air with big fans. So it's never stagnant.  Tonight Ceelo GREEN opened for Lionel Richie and it was a good night......
1	Fuuuuuuuuuuck this place. I go every year for mayhem but I doubt I'll go back. 4.50 for a bottle of water. In Arizona, in the summer, that's criminal behavior. Security will make you sit up if you lie down on the grass, but they'll ignore the woman who's so drunk she can't hold herself up with her eyes are rolling in the back of her head. Makes sense. VIP is a joke. It's a bar. And a bathroom. And the prices are the same as general admission. Not to mention the parking situation. I needed handicap parking. No one seemed to know where I should go and the only apparently available area was being saved for employees. Guess everyone forgot to mention the ENTIRE OTHER SIDE OF HANDICAP PARKING. I ended up parking at the back of the lot. Uninformed employees. Asshole security. Ridiculous prices.
4	Getting off the exit for the venue was BACKED up and we waited at least 25 minutes before we were free.  I'd get off the earlier exit and take the side roads in next time. Concert choice (Motley Crue), VIP parking, and VIP section was the way to go.  Service at the VIP bar though was super slow even with 6 bartenders.  Food was ok.  Bathroom in the VIP sections - airconditioned and clean!!!  Bathrooms in the venue space, broken stall locks & sweltering. I'd go again and definitely get seats within the first 6 rows.  Our row 3 was pretty awesome!
1	This place has gone downhill w/ this new management. I paid $300 to see Motley Crue AND Alice Cooper. The parking is horrible. Not only is the parking horrible but the parking attendants, and I use that word very loosely, is horrible. They don't have any walkies at al so they have no clue how many spot they have open. They siphon all the cars to the main entrance and then you sit and sit and sit for over an hour. I heard Alice Cooper from my car window. I finally got up and walked to find a "parking attendant" who said there is no more parking, go park at the mall, which is like one mile away. Now this is AFTER they lead all the cars into a freakin one lane area because cars are parked on both sides of the road. So turning around....well that is not possible until you inch your way into a turn off. So after over an hour, we finally are able to turn around....and park off site yet missed one of the things we wanted to see....Alice Cooper. We got into the venue and you knew right away they over sold it. The lawn was packed liked roaches. I mean it was a fire hazard. Lines were 50-75 people deep. Greed has overrun this venue and I will be hard pressed to ever return.
1	Unfortunately no matter the problems at this venue... Owners and management have made it clear they won't do anything about it. And why would they !? If a concert or artist is scheduled here that we are dying to see... We will go, no matter how painful the venue is to visit.  This venue has changed names and ownership so many times and each opportunity to upgrade, is apparently snuffed at.I have nothing new to add to the list of horrible things everyone has already heard but to sum it up... For $150.00 per ticket, I was so sadly disappointed by the following:- Lack of structured traffic control and parking staff. Took 1.5 hours to get in AND WE PAID for premiere parking passes!- there was no police traffic control for even the pedestrians... They were trusted to get their drunk selves across the street to the taxis !? - lack of thorough security... Sure they checked our purses but no one scanned bodies and pockets... At one point during the concert, some guy was waving around a gun, scaring the living daylights out of the ppl around him!- the bar and concessions has a sign that says "staffed by volunteer"... Um no. Not for $150.00 tickets and $14.00 drinks, am I going to be tolerant of some volunteer group to take their time getting though the line of 85 people ! No.- they do not have nearly enough vendors walking through the crowds selling WATER. It was 107 and we are dying. - for summer series concerts they need cooling stations around the venue and misting fans throughout the lawn and seats.  We sadly will not go back to this venue for a concert... They don't bring in anyone that is such a "must see" to make us live through that pain ever again.
5	Worth it if you buy seat tickets. Saw John Mayer there and then One Republic. Great venue for the price.
1	There is no reason it should take one hour to get in and out of a concert. I dread going to concerts here...no matter how good the show, the traffic ruins the experience.
1	Saw Paramore and Fall Out Boy here and it was literally the worst sound I've heard. $10 no-name earbuds would have been a better representation of the sound. There was feedback, waaaaay too much bass and no mids. If you like the fidelity of a bad car stereo, see more concerts here!Never returning here. I walked out halfway through the concert.
3	We attended the Rascal Flatts Rewind Tour concert last night. We thought venue was better than we expected. The concerts (3 acts) were all great & it all lasted about 3 1/2 hours with short times in between artists. The problem was leaving the parking lot. We noticed no one directs you into the parking lot, park wherever you find one. Leaving is the same, there are no signs or direction where to exit. Cars were going every direction & then 45 minutes later we saw that everyone was exiting the same exit/entrance in a single line! This will make us think twice about buying tickets to another concert here, or parking somewhere else & walking in. Get your act together please.
3	I've been to several concerts at this venue, the last being the Rascal Flatts Rewind Tour. We arrived at the facility an hour early so that we didn't have to deal with the traffic or parking. Security glanced thru the women's purses. I loved the pre-concert entertainment by the local radio stations. Food and beverage was reasonable for this type of venue...$9+ for cocktails, $11 for beer, $8+ for food. Any covered seat is good. I can not see sitting in the grass... Can you see back there? Really??? On this day, there was technical difficulties. Sheryl Crow played the majority of her act without lights. The big screens was in and out. Overall, what a superb performance by the artists despite venue issues! It was super HOT!!! I could not keep hydrated! At one point I thought that I was going to be sick. So, please consider the heat and the fact that bottled water is $4.50 a pop when you are planning on attending a concert here! Getting out of the venue was h*ll! There is NO ONE directing traffic! My suggestion: leave the concert early or hang back for about 30 minutes after the concert so that the crowd can die down. RECAP: Great acts pass thru. Can be too hot in the summer time. Traffic into and out of venue is a pain!
1	This place is ridiculous...LONG lines of traffic to get in to the venue is just the start of it...first of all, it took me SEVEN people to direct me CORRECTLY to where I had to park since I had a Premier Parking Pass for the Dierks Bentley/Chris Young/Chase Rice/Jon Pardi concert...Then, being I am a member of Chris Young's Fan Club, I went to the Will Call booth to inquire where to pick up my Meet 'N Greet Pass. The guy running the booth was very rude and told me I had to go CLEAR AROUND to the West side of the place to get it! The email I had received from CY's fan club distinctly said the passes would be available at the EAST SIDE WILL CALL BOOTH...so imagine how pissed off I was that I had to trek my way on foot, in the raging heat, over to the west side to get this thing! Upon asking the guest relations people there where the meet and greet will take place, they had NO CLUE WHATSOEVER! Also, it says on the Ak-Chin Pavilion website that concertgoers can bring in cameras that do not have detachable lenses and are not the big professional type...small zoom-lens cameras and pocket cameras are accepted. I go to bring mine in and they DENIED me! Told me I had to put my camera in my car...yet they let EIGHT OTHER PEOPLE by me in with theirs and theirs were the SAME TYPE AS MINE!!!! WHAT THE HOLY HELL??? This really annoyed me, as if every other thing I went through wasn't bad enough!So...after I went through all that rigmarole, I get inside and I asked the guest relations people where the meet and greet will take place. These two women running the booth told me where and even when...and they were very helpful, polite, and friendly! Finally, someone with some brains in the place!The concert itself was great...sound and visuals were amazing and well worth the money to come see the show. However, security did absolutely NOTHING to clear the narrow walkways to go get food and drinks, restroom breaks, souvenirs, etc. Instead, I came away with bruises and a sore hand from some drunk idiot who hit me with his beer bottle because he wasn't paying attention. Security in this place SUCKS! It will take me a LOT to ever come to another concert here!!!
5	I have been here a few times and love the venue. Any where you sit you have a great view. The security staff has been very pleasant to deal with and even the concession stands. I think since the last time I been the sodas went up to 8. But I do believe she said it gets you a free refill. I think... it was really loud. The parking wasn't bad. Last time we paid the 20.00 and this time we didn't.  However i parked in D blue and the section was really close to the door. I wouldn't pay for parking again. Save the money for drinks. The only downfall is the line off the freeway trying to get in. Be prepared or do what I did take the exit before and come up the side streets.  The show tonight was amazing. Blake Shelton, The band Perry, Neil McCoy, and Dan + Shay. Great line up. Can't wait for Luke Bryan
3	Went to the Blake Shelton concert here, the facility is excellent to watch a concert, not a bad seat in the house! If you are going to buy seats in section 300, you should just buy general admission so you can hang out with friends.The parking here is free, however it absolutely sucks! If you pay for premium parking it actually takes you 2-3 times longer to get out! Prepare for at least 45-60 minutes to get out after the concert.The venue is also all outside so any concert there May-September be ready to sweat, it's very very hot!
4	I have a ball every time I go to Ak-Chin Pavilion but I think the level of enjoyment one experiences often depends on the state of mind. Doesn't hurt to remember that you're in the same place as thousands of other people and your experience is not dependent on them, but rather on YOU.Ak-Chin is an outdoor amphitheater in the middle of BFE where everyone drives, parks for free, attends a great concert, then tries to leave at the same time and get upset about it. My friends and I try to be somewhat responsible and book a nearby hotel and use a taxi service to get to the concert. When the concert is over, just walk to the QuikTrip on the corner right outside of Ak-Chin and catch a cab back to the hotel. It saves us the headache of trying to navigate our way out of the lot which can take a good hour. Ak Chin puts on a great show with fantastic sound and great projection screens. We  paid for actual seats in a section for Blake Shelton but quickly realized the better way to go is with lawn seats. Lawn seats were my first choice but someone in my party wanted to be closer. When I'm at a concert, I'm pretty much dancing and singing as are all the people on the lawn. Not everyone in my section felt the music in the same fashion and stayed seated for most of the show so my girls and I got a few looks but truth be told, I paid the same amount of money as they did and if I want to show my enthusiasm by standing and dancing, I'm gonna do it. But from now on, I'll stick with the lawn. It's a better crowd anyway.Drink prices are no more than any other concert venue and there are plenty of choices, even a tequila bar. Better food would be nice though. A hard pretzel for $3.50 and cheese sauce for an additional $4 is a little steep. I'd pay quite a bit more to have a decent meal from a local restaurant down in the food and drink area. Misters cool the crowd down in the food and drink area which is very welcome because it gets HOT jamming out in the middle of summer!
1	nice enough sound.  clean bathrooms.   drink prices are sobering.   getting in and out of the parking lot is seriously screwed -- have never seen anything so stupid.  go here if you need to but bring  reading materials for after the show.   my car idled in one spot for 30 minutes.   was finally able to get out of the gridlock and parked for a while to wait for the cluster to clear up.   getting here from I10 is equally frustrating.   grrrrr
3	We all know concerts at big venues are expensive, we expect to pay too much for a few drinks, and even too much for sub par food.  But what you don't expect is after a venue has been running continuously for over a decade that the logistics will be just as poor as opening night.First it takes close to an hour to get from the freeway to your seats, if you arrive before the opening act begins.  Second it takes almost the same amount of time to exit.  This is inexcusable, and the chaos in the lots was further exaggerated by the lack of direction and alcohol induced driving maneuvers.I have to say once inside the vendors and the options are good, the cost is expectedly high.  But the beer options local craft and big brands were good, the food was okay not great we had the Smoked Pork burrito, i had a chunk of fat and grizzle that made me gag, it was big enough to split and the half my wife had was apparently perfect, so I had bad BBQ karma apparently.We saw Zac Brown Band it was amazing, the last time we were here was for Jimmy Buffet in 2000-2005 yes consecutively and nothing has changed except the pavilion sponsor title.  That is sad, this venue has promise but the parking situation is pathetic, and the parking staff security are lazy.  We saw a group being confronted because there were thieves rummaging through truck beds when the owners came out, not cool!So much potential ruined by poor management and logistical things that can actually be fixed.
1	Worst venue ever! Paid $1200 for 2nd row vip seats to luke bryan (plus Had my sister fly in from oregon for the show)...arrived to find out that the seats had been removed in the vip section and switched to general admission standing only. The area was so crammed, people were fighting, shoving, kicking, we kept getting pushed back and forth, elbowed etc...im 5 months pregnant and was tired of gettn pushed around so i moved (up high back to the 200) level to find and empty seat, i found one and the security guard told me i had to go back down to the front "pit area"...i told him i wasnt going back down there, that i had paid $1200 for 2 tix that were supposed to be assigned seats, and i never would have paid for show to be in a standing pit area while pregnant. I explained that i wasnt gona keep getttn pushed/shoved etc. He told me i had to go back to the pit or leave the show. So i left the show. Paid $1200 to see luke bryan sing 2 songs. I will never go to another akchin event again and i will be posting  to every social media page my story so others know what  an awful place this is. How can a place charge u for 2nd row vip seats then at last minute switch to general admission??? Then force someone whos 5 months pregnant to stay in crazy area like that and not allow me to sit in a vacant seat way far back?
3	I have been to see MANY shows over the years at Ak Chin (as well as under it's many other name incarnations...) This summer, we saw Alice Cooper/Motley Crue and Kiss/Def Leppard this summer at Ak Chin. Frankly, it's not my favorite place to see a show but it has it's old school charm.  First, it's an outdoor amphitheater,which is fine, but because it's outdoors that apparently means open season for smokers and their various items of choice. We stood next to a group that chain smoked through Kiss like it was the last cigarettes they would ever smoke. The contact high I got during Motley Crue nearly rendered me unable to drive. That said--the people watching is second to none. You will not be disappointed at the various characters who Now because this is an older facility, the sound  and production can be hit or miss. The sound during Alice Cooper was horrible. It was hard to hear, the sound cut out a few times, and the lighting looked bad. That said, the sound and production during Motley Crue was excellent--and you could tell that being backed by Dodge for their corporate sponsorship means they had some super high tech professional peeps on the tour with them. The difference was quite noticeable.The prices for drinks and noshes were a bit on the high side but I've seen worse. I think gouging people for bottled water in the middle of summer is a bit sac-religious, but that's just me. They generally don't allow cameras but check first because the website says they allow cameras without the professional lenses but I have seen them turn people away at the door with the 'approved' cameras. I think it depends on the act versus what the venue's rules might be--so again, check first. Parking is free which is nice but the traffic can be a killer. I highly recommend taking surface streets and coming from the north to the south rather than coming from the freeway. It can be a real bummer otherwise as you can and likely will miss the opening act and part of the headliner if you don't time it properly.  Leaving the venue is, again, a nightmare, so I suggest taking surface streets and stay away from the freeway for a few miles.  Google map it to get an idea of what streets to utilize and please--Take my advice--surface streets are the better bet.
5	Went with fellow mom/friend and took our daughters to see 5sos last night.  I haven't been to Ak Chin Pavilion in eons so I was excited to check out the venue again!  All I can say is "Perfect".   Any place that can handle that amount of swarming, screaming teens and do it without complication is a place I don't mind going to.  Parking was a breeze, both entering and leaving.  Absolutely no waiting at all.  There are plenty of restrooms and concession stands.  The only line that noted was the T-shirt line- to be expected.  We had lawn seats and had a great view.  Of course we were a distance away from the stage, but we had breathing room and they had big screens :)   I would definitely see a concert here again and I would opt for the lawn seats!
