3	our local newspaper. Lots of good stuff but the same as online. lvrj.comGet the paper a lot cheaper at McDonald's
5	news, entertainment, online, one of the only papers with color comics everyday!!
5	This review goes out to the Paper Route Delivery Drivers.  There is no more  one reliable group of people anywhere.  Did you know that they NEVER get a day off!!! Not even the United States Post Office can say that. So if it's raining, or cold, Christmas Day or Easter Morning, disaster by man or mother nature, alien invasion or the likes, remember your paper delivery person and know that they are out there doing the best they can to make sure that your paper gets to you.Instead of calling to complain about a missed paper, why not give a shout out or the other 364 days that you did???
1	This "newspaper", if you can call it that, is absolutely awful. Articles from this paper are full of  inaccurate statements and the paper's editors are absolutely ridiculous. Very low-quality journalism. Truly, you would be far better off reading basically any other paper about events in Las Vegas or just any other paper in general.
2	As one spoiled by excellence of the Denver Post and the Rocky Mtn News, before I came here in 2002, I am amazed by how poor, by how partisan, by how gauche, a newspaper can be. The 2010 political campaign here and The RJ's part in it in poisoning the atmosphere, by false accusations, by false innuendo by it's then Editor in Chief Sherm whosiswhatsis, still sticks in my craw. A poor, over-priced newspaper or 'RAG', as I call it, as do many others here. Las Vegas CAN do a lot better than the Review-Journal.
1	After moving from Los Angeles to Las Vegas I called LVRJ to start a delivery subscription.  It has been almost 20 days since my initial call (and 2 subsequent calls to the Newspaper) and I have yet still to receive a copy of the paper.  Both calls resulted in the same result.  They indicated that since I am in a brand new community the paper needed to be sent to the routing department because they were unable to find my address.  I guess no one in my community receives a newspaper.  I just wonder how it is that everything else I needed to be delivered to my residence has found its way here and in a timely fashion.  When I was in Los Angeles I ordered a subscription to the LA Times and the first delivery was made the next day.    I now depend on CNN and the internet for the news. Because of their incompetency  I wouldn't accept a subscription now if they offered it free.
1	Truly trash. In fact, this rag of a paper is not even fit for trash. One should not sully one's trash by putting this preposterous excuse for a newspaper along with used tampons, cat litter, or toilet paper. I would not even line a birdcage with this pathetically poor excuse for journalism. I would not read it even if it were free. (It is -- online -- but, one is bombarded with gaming adverts as a result.)Lesser than garbage, it is worse than a cancer to this valley's feeble political winds. I am quite surprised they even managed to publish the Deadly Force special series; I suppose the saying goes that a broken clock is right at least twice a day. In that sense, it must have been a twice in a decade instance of the RJ getting it right (correct). (They are right -- far right -- all the time.)In terms of the RJ -- as it is known to locals -- it is permanently entrenched in the far-right all day every day, and mistakenly lands left twice a decade. During one of those rare occasions, the Metro critique was written. The fact that it has not been replicated speaks volumes. Boycott the RJ, and their website, and all of their advertisers. Boycott these losers until they are bankrupt.
1	HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE customer service!  Paid for Sunday delivery in advance and they don't deliver!  Went four months with getting one single paper!  Took calling them 4 times and finally getting nasty and threatening to go to 8 on your side before we started getting delivery again.  Well that lasted about one month and now back to NO SERVICE!  WTH!  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON DELIVERY SERVICE!!
3	It's a decent paper with great access to their writers. Plus, I really like the location! (They are located directly next to my office, so whenever I need something...I just walk over) It also makes a great filler in my fire pit! Lol
