5	Best gelato ever!! I've tried many gelato places and nothing compared to this!! You can taste the authenticity!!
3	I stayed at the Venetian last year when I visited Las Vegas and we stopped in here for breakfast, a quick breakfast at that...fruit, croissants, and coffee.  It was full during breakfast time so we got our food to go.I stayed at the Mirage this year and wandered back over to this place as we were looking for a nice sit down place.  We opted to sit "outside" and enjoy the ambiance here.  The day before we got a menu to check out and decided to go back.  A sit down breakfast isn't cheap in Las Vegas but this place was reasonable.  I had a bacon egg, and cheese croissant sandwich with a side of potatoes and coffee - it was about $15 or so.  If you're staying in the hotels in the area, don't overlook this place, it's located by the canal shops.
2	After enduring a grueling time share presentation for 4 hours, our bribery package included a free dinner to this place. I had the penne and DH had the lasagna. We both chose to go with the soup for the first course, which was a veggie barley. This soup had absolutely no flavor. If there was a picture in the dictionary, this soup would go next to the word BLAND. Also, when we asked for regular water, our waitress said still water... not sure what that meant but we said regular water. She brought out water in a glass bottle. After drinking some, I looked around and saw others getting their water by the pitcher. When I brought this to her attention, she said no problem and took the special water off our bill. My reason for 2 stars is that if you order wine, they only fill it less than halfway and there is better food to be found in Vegas!
4	The coconut gelato is amazing and so is the hazelnut one. I am a coconut fanatic and will always opt for anything coconut. There are coconut shavings in it, too. It's a nice treat for those hot Vegas days!
3	I needed to do a ticket run to both the Venetian and the Mirage and I was looking for something new and different for breakfast.  Even though the reviews for Tintoretto have been mixed, I decided to give it a try.There was no seating available on the patio so I ate inside.  The menu was given to me as soon as I sat down and I was asked about coffee.  They serve Illy coffee and it was quickly brought.  The waiter asked if I wanted cappuccino, espresso, etc. before I ordered the plain coffee.I then ordered their Italian omelette.  It's an omelette with Italian sausage and mozzarella cheese topped with red sauce.  It's served with potatoes that have red, yellow, and green pepper pieces.  You also get two slices of toasted Italian bread.My coffee was refilled twice without asking and service was on point.  This is out of the way for a local but it gave me chance to watch tourists being tourists.  I also got to walk the Grand Canal Shops and look for my friend who is one of the gondoliers.  (I guess you'd call her a gondolette).An A-OK breakfast.
3	The food was ok Italian food. Kinda bland.  We had three seafood 2 seafood dishes , one scampi, two with a light red sauce. Not very flavorful, just average. The service was very good. Skip the desserts, there are some great gelato places in the area that have far better desserts than the ones we got here. We tried the chocolate eclair, the cannoli, and the strawberry topped eclair. All were slightly stale, not thick, rich and creamy like we expected. We will not return.
5	This is the last place that we ate at before we ended our Vegas stay and came back to Florida.  We had some breakfast here.  If we had tried this place earlier we would have probably gone more than once.One thing that really stood out for me aside of the food was the waitress.  Our waitress was wonderful.  She was so friendly and paid close attention to all her tables.  Our water was always filled and she was always checking on us.The food was very good as well.  I had a croissant with egg and cheese.  My husband had a plate of eggs, potatoes, and toast.  He also ordered a chocolate croissant which was delicious.  I had asked for rainbow cookies which they were out of so the waitress made a nice gesture by bringing me a different cookie to make up for it.I cannot say enough good things about this place.  If you visit the Venetian this restaurant is a great spot to eat at.
2	Eh. I've had better Italian food. We ordered the spaghetti algio e olio and fettuccine alfredo.  The algio was bland (I did not taste that kick you get from the red peppers... in fact there were no specks of it in my dish), and the noodles were not cooked all the way. The plate was drenched in watery oil too, which made my lips itch. The alfredo had a large cream sauce to noodle ratio but lacked flavor.Service wasn't bad but it almost seemed to cover the minimum. They came by twice to refill water before the main course. We didnt get another water refill until the check came. They don't really give you a choice of how much pepper or cheese you want on your plate. They just dump the cheese on or turn the pepper grinder once and call it good. Maybe it was an off day.  Who knows? If not then avoid these two dishes. Oh and $7 for side salad, you may as well get the full salad.
1	I was craving a an eclair and when I walked past this place, they had a beautiful assortment of pastries that looked amazing so I got my eclair. Unfortunately, this was hands down the worst eclair I ever had in life.  It was only midday and this this was hard and dry as a month old loaf of rye bread. The filling was absolutely disgusting too.  It was a very crappy butter cream.  I loved the decor of this place and maybe the other food is better, but they should not be selling anything like that eclair.
1	Calamari is the only good thing here .this  place takes forever to bring the food out. I asked for a bloody marry and all I got was a drink with tomato juice and extra salt . It was an horrible experience pretty much food never came even when they said it's comming out and after sitting here for 45 min we canceled all and will try the bazar meat market!
