3	Initially I was not satisfied at all with the way Data Doctors had handled my situation.  My computer had a serious virus, and after dealing with Data Doctors, I threw in the towel and ended up just buying a new computer. In fact, I was unhappy enough to write a fairly negative review here on Yelp, giving them 1 star.   Fast forward 9 months and I get an email though Yelp from the Director of Operations at Data Doctors.  Seeing my negative review, he apologized and wanted to make the situation right.  Although I already had a new computer, I was interested in donating my old computer to charity, but still needed the viruses removed and the computer reformatted to remove all my personal information.  He made arrangements to have that taken care of at no cost to me, which I really appreciate.  Although it started out as a bad situation, in the long run I am glad to see that they take customer satisfaction seriously.
5	My work pc crashed last month and I took it to data doctors. They informed me of the costs and what would be involved in repairing it, and how long it would take. When I got the pc back, it was as good as new!!! they recovered all data and explained in detail what they would have to do while they had it. I also LOVE the radio show and their facebook page. Informative information!!!
5	Data Doctors locations offer great service and their weekly radio show is amazingly helpful.  Then all the problems or issues they discuss are archived on the Data Doctors website to get help at any time. Every time I've used them as a resource they've been remarkably helpful.
5	Had an emergency issue with our retail store's POS system which made it unusable.  Understanding our predicament, Data Doctors got right on it and we had a new power supply installed and we were back up and running within 1 hour.  Couldn't be more satisfied.  Thank you DD!
1	I called this morning because my USB hard drive is not being recognize by my computer. I asked what it would cost to repair it. I was told to come down and they'd take a look at it. I took the morning off of work and drove 45 mins to their shop on Camelback Rd. I showed up and they didn't even look at it. They said it would cost $200 for the inspection and up to $999 to repair it and they would have to send it to another place that has skilled people and the tools to repair something . They could have told me that over the phone and I would have not taken the morning off and drove all the way out there. I was definitely misled today and it cost me time and money. Their name is deceptive also because they cannot repair or recover data. They send it to someone who can. They should be called Data Mailers, or Data Parcel Services. A**holesI found this program called Get Data Back, it costs $80, but I was able to recover all of the files I wanted from the USB drive. That sure beats $1199 these scoundrels wanted to charge me.
1	I would NOT reccomend taking your computer to Data Doctors! I hear there is a small privately owned computer shop on 24th St and indian School that gets great reviews. Data Doctors looked over my laptop for 20-30 mins in the store (20th/Camelback) and then the tech told me he would have to send it to the Tempe main lab for full assessment. $100 to take it in and figure out what the problem is. I got a call 3 days later from someone else stating they just recieved my laptop and were going to look at it the next morning, so apparently it takes them 3 days to send my laptop from downtown Phx to downtown Tempe. The next day I got a call saying they basically have no clue what the issue is but that they are going to reinstall windows and see if that takes care of the problem. That will cost me an additional $200 to reinstall windows!! At this point I feel like I am trapped because I have already spent $100 bucks and they have the computer. I reluctantly agree to basically pay $300 to have windows reinstalled in my 2 year old laptop. When will I get it back? How long could that possibly take, right? Well, 3-5 days he says. it will take 3-5 days to reinstall windows into my laptop and that is "putting it ahead of 30 other computers for me." The guy is now acting like I should feel lucky that he is putting mine ahead of others because otherwise it could take 2 WEEKS?! 2 days later I get a call that it is done and seems to be working just fine. It will be back in the Phoenix store for me to pick up 2 1/2 days later...Finally, I get my computer back after 2 weeks and $300. Oh well, at least it is all fixed now, right? WRONG. Now my computer will not connect to my wireless network at home. So I call and talk to my wireless provider for 35 minutes trying this and that and she determines it is my computer that has a problem, not the service. I knew that because the other 4 laptops in the house work fine but I figured maybe it just needed to be reset-up or something. I called the Data Doctors store to ask them to help me over the phone with maybe a setting or two. The location I dropped it off at originally has NO RECORD of my laptop ever even coming thru that store and they refer me to call the Tempe lab. I call the Tempe lab and tell two different people my issue before someone decides to help me. They tap into my computer from the lab and look at a few things for 10 minutes and then tell me he thinks it is my wireless connection!! I explain that I have several other computers in the house and that I never had an issue with the wireless component until I got it back from them. He says he does not think it is the computer but I have to take it back to the store to have them try to connect it to their wireless network and go from there...but he does not think it is the computer itself. I have a brand new modem and router.What a bad experience that still is not over. I will never take my computers in to data doctors in the future and I would certainly not reccomend them to anyone else.
1	I was having issues with my laptop turning on, some times it would and other times it wouldn't. They were unable to figure out the problem and advised me that my computer had several viruses. Which I found odd because I had someone else already do a virus scan and they found ZERO. Data Doctors wanted me to pay a ridiculous amount of money, on top of what I paid for them to figure out the problem (which they were unable to do)  and he said its very possible that I had 250 viruses on my computer. He stated that this other expensive scan would be able to find them and then if I pay even more money then they can get rid of them. My computer was not even worth the asking price of what they wanted to fix it. I then contacted a friend and I was referred to another shop that would look at it for free....although they couldn't figure out the issue either...they told me that I have absolutely ZERO viruses on my computer. The whole thing seemed so fishy.  DD also did not finish diagnosing my computer in the time I was promised and I  had to keep calling them. They didn't even start looking at it until I was on my way.
1	Horrible customer service.  Paid $400 to get computer fixed, however after reinstalling computer my printer would not work.  The lady on the phone said they would have to charge me AGAIN for reinstalling proper drivers.  Really?  I will never use these people again.
