5	Steve's crew showed up on time and painted my living room , dining room stairs and upstairs hallway and they did a excellent job. His crew was professional and worked 10 hrs till job was done. Paint came out beautiful ,will definitely have them back for other work that needs to be done around my house .
5	I am a real estate agent in the Las Vegas area and have been referring Steve at Metro Painting for several years.  His crew is very professional, hard-working, and extremely neat and clean.  They consistently do a great job.  I know that my clients will be very pleased with the quality of the painting and the fair price.
5	Our new house needed interior paint in a big way, so I took to the Internet and starting calling any painters I could find looking for bids. Some refused to come to the house and only "guesstimated" cost. Others showed up and looked like they had no idea what they were doing. Steve came out and made it instantly clear that he was a professional, that he knew what the job would involve, and that he was absolutely confident in his crew's ability to get the job done right. Best of all, his quote was right on par with the clueless craigslist "contractors" and nearly a thousand dollars less than some of the other licensed companies that came out. The quality of work was excellent with perfectly clean lines on every corner, and they did what was needed to make sure the finished product was perfect (even if that meant three coats to get the color and finish "just right." Steve and the boys even went out of their way to repaint two walls after our final walk-through because we decided the color wasn't what we had expected. Now THAT is commitment to customer service. Kudos to Metro Painting, I will definitely call them again for my next job.
5	Steve and his crew do an excellent job at a reasonable price. They also deal well with last minute changes not charging us an arm and a leg for add-ons.  Sometimes management and crew don't communicate well otherwise we were pretty happy with the final results.
5	We met with three different contractors and picked Steve. Our house was not easy - had odd wall texture that was difficult to paint over,  multiple walls that were painted in deep blue and brown colors that required several coats, stencil work in several rooms that needed to be painted over. Steve and his crew, Jesus, Juan and Walter, could not have done a better job. Furthermore, they were always punctual, very professional and considerate. Steve also was very fair on the price of last-minute add-ons and he didn't mind that we picked three different colors. We'd recommend his company to any one.  Bonus - he always seems to be a good mood. Cheery fellow.
5	I needed help painting the trim of my house in north las vegas.  steve was on it within a couple days.  completed it in hours.  charged me what he quoted me.  house looks great.  i'm happy and i'm always going to call him for any paint job.  always.   bravo steve. bravo.
5	Quality, customer service, flexibility, value, punctuality, and two of the nicest guys ever - Jesus and Juan - you can't find a better painting contractor in Vegas!  Steve, the owner, was a pleasure to work with even when I made additional requests of his team.  Jesus was also very helpful in taking the time to show me what colors would look best. The job included the entire house interior, red front door and large rusted side gates.  Everything turned out even more beautiful that I imagined.  Stop looking, Metro Painting will do your job right.
5	Skilled painter. Exceptional paint job- best ever. Quality workmanship no corners cutting with these guys. They just do the job right 100%.The price was good too! Not my first paint job I used another Vegas paint company. I have learned my lesson Metro is my paint supplier for here on out.If you live in Vegas and need paint. Don't bother calling all over town. One call to metro is the hottest tip you can get.I called 7 paint companies for quotes.  I chose metro for price and a change from the company I used last year on my other home.I am so glad I found these guy (seriously).Steve calls you and updates you all the time about the job. The workmanship is just top of the mark!I even tipped the workers for the fine workmanship.
5	Flawless! Did what they promised. House looks fantastic. Steve and the boys showed up, on time, each day and worked a full day. My wife was the one working with them through the day and is a customer service nut; she had nothing but outstanding things to say about Juan and Jesus.Steve's quote was in line with the 2 others I received....a couple of dollars higher, but well worth it to get a licensed, bonded and insured contractor on my 2nd story peaks and patio covers.Here is somthing that amazed me. After I had paid, Steve was proactive with me for finishing any touch up areas I found. I can't imagine too many contractors would be the one making the effort after being paid. Steve and the boys will be our first, and likely only, call the next time we need painting.
5	They weren't the cheapest and they weren't the most expensive.  Just the highest rated and my experience was no different.  Steve and team at Metro Painting gave me a fair quote and treated my house as if it were their own.  I'd pulled quotes from the cards on the wall at sherwin williams and done some other searches here on Yelp but ultimately decided that Metro would get things done best.  Two months later and we couldn't be more pleased.  The guys did great prep work, solid cleanup and kept everything to budget and time.  Dont shortchange yourself.  These guys are a value price and top quality work!
5	These guys did a terrific job painting the entire interior of my house. The price was within my range of expectation. Steve and the team were timely, and attention to detail was impressive. I will use them again when it's time to do my home's exterior.Highly recommend!
5	Steve and his crew did a terrific job on our house. They were patient with us as we choose colors and had some improvements completed that had to be painted. They made repairs to my stucco, and they always cleaned up after they were finished for the day.I recommended them to several family members and neighbors and they all had great experiences too!
5	Metro Painting is the BEST!  Steve looked at the job and provided an estimate to paint the interior of my house - he clearly knew his profession and offered very reasonable prices!  He and his crew did a fabulous job, they repaired walls that needed it, fixed the sloppiness of previous painters, and did a top-notch job!  They even finished ahead of schedule to accommodate my time constraints.  They are the best painting company in Las Vegas.
5	Steve and his painters were great!! Price was reasonable. And seem like they didn't cut corners. I was really satisfied with their work. Thank you again and i will always call metro painting if i ever need help with paint job.
5	Steve and his crew did an awesome job touching up the trim on our house.   It was done quickly and cleanly for a fair price.  He'll definitely be our go to in the future for other paint jobs.
5	First, Steve the owner is responsive and accommodating. He is fair and honest. Won't be the cheapest but price is reasonable. We had a debacle with another painter ( Vegas Painters) that I can only say was a nightmare having had the NV contractors board involved. Yes, that bad. So, you can imagine how gun shy we were to venture into having more painting done. Steve was great. Crew was respectable. Neat. You won't be disappointed with Metro. I'm having them back to do some more interior. When my exterior needs done, am going to have Steve do it.
5	Quick service on a request for full in-house paint job. Looks great!  Very pleased with the service and job.
5	Steve and his crew did a great job.  His crew was on-time and did a great job of painting.  Started off that Steve forgot the original estimate appointment, but was apologetic and came right away.  After that it was all down-hill and a great job done.
5	Second time. I used them very professional extremely happy I would highly recommend them  for inside or outside work.
5	We've used them twice so far.  Once for interior painting and they also sealed our walkway. Very happy with both jobs and plan to use them again in the future.
