3	Grocery's, we all need them!  Basha's is local, I like local, they are close and they are nice...That's all!
4	Very clean
1	I just had the most bizarre experience at this store. My family had lunch at a restaurant across from the store. We needed a couple things and some brews for hanging by the pool. So figured we would run in.I went threw the check out line and paid up. Grabbed my bags a my 12 pack. Walk towards the door and waited for my wife and kids. My kids are fooling with the balloons of course.They headed over so I went to walk out and some random lady walked in front of me. She walked in front of me and cut me off which was rude I thought. But I even said sorry for getting in her way. So I step to the left to walk again and she walks in front of me. So now i figure out she is doing this on purpose and keeps mumbling incoherently under her breath. At this point I figured she was drunk or psychotic. But I wasn't going to be rude. So I politely try to walk past again and now she is standing with her back to me physically not letting me out of the store. Then she starts yelling Matt...Matt..did you check this guy? So now I get it she thinks I'm stealing. She asks if I paid for my beer? I had my receipt in my left hand and said yes. I still have no idea who this person is....she still is mumbling so I said what did you say? No answer she does not even make eye contact. By then Matt runs over and says your good and starts talking to the lady. He obviously is the manager on duty. So they walk away talking and another employee who is a bagger by the way tells me alot of people steal beer from them. So it's my fault for buying beer there? So I am calling the GM tomorrow to get some answers.
4	I've always preferred Basha's over Fry's simply for the reason that it has a small town vibe. Prices might be a little higher than Fry's and the selection is probably a bit more limited, but the customer service has always been great for me and I never leave unsatisfied.
1	First off, the banner hanging on the wall that claims "Lowest prices in Mesa!" is a lie. Fry's, Trader Joe's, and Sprouts all have cheaper prices, and much better quality produce. The last time my boyfriend and I were here the tomatoes, avocados, lemons, and oranges were beginning to rot. I've been to this store on three separate occasions and have been treated quite rudely by the employees each time. They all seem to have a major attitude problem, and talk down to customers. Three strikes = done. I will never be back, nor will I visit another Basha's anywhere else again(or Food City or AJ's for that matter, as they are all owned by the same company.
