3	I like this place sober.  Most people go to restaurants like this when they are full of booze.  I have never had a bad or off meal here and the service is fast and friendly.  My favorites are the rolled tacos, bean burrito with cheese, or if I am really feeling decadent - the carne asada fries.  Also, it is important to note that their beans taste like beans my Grandma would have made.  There is no Pinesol aftertaste in the food.  Do you know what I mean?
1	What's worse than greasy Mexican food? COLD Greasy Mexican food!  I ordered the super nachos which were slathered in cold beans and unmelted cheese. Gross! My man ordered the cheese enchilada, which was also cold and full of unmelted cheese. In general, the food was cold and not satisfying. We would have given them 2 to 3 stars, since they have a salsa bar and lots of cheap combo plates. But the a/c was broken, making our dining experience even more unpleasant. Heck the restaurant was hotter than the food!  Pass it up, folks.
5	There is nothing like your local ___berto's. Nothing.Breakfast. Lunch. Dinner. 4th meal. 10th meal. Julioberto's is always the answer.
1	Used to go there frequently when it was Filibertos but lately the service and food has gone down significantly. I ordered super nachos with no meat and when I got hot it had meat all over it. I called and no o e spoke English and couldn't understand my frustration. I also asked for extra red hot sauce and they wanted to charge me .50 even though there's a salsa bar inside. I will never go back to this location and in fact I hopenit just closes down as it is an eye sore to the area.
1	They try to charge you .50 cents through the drive through for extra hot sauce but there's a salsa bar inside. They also mess up orders frequently.
4	Not fair. A co-worker turned me on to the carne asada burrito and I can't bring myself to order anything else here. Beef. Guacamole. Pico de Gallo. Wrapped in a flour tortilla. With green & red hot sauce on the side. Get the fock outta here.
5	This review pertains to carnitas, and as such should not be taken as a suggestion for ordering any of the following: fish tacos, rice, beans, horchata. That's about it! Yum!
4	Look, this is not gourmet Mexican. However, for fast food Mexican, this place is great. The food is always hot, not too greasy, and tasty. Their breakfast burritos are HUGE. 2 can easily share and are less than $5 bucks each! They do not skimp on the meat either. The egg & bacon burrito was practically loaded with a full pig.Also,if you are into hard shell tacos, they can make any taco into hardshell. The carnitas hardshell taco is my favorite
4	Being one of the million blank-oberto's in this town, this one is not all that bad.I really don't like these places, but was at the bank across the street on a Saturday, had my 7 & 8 year olds with me running errands and it was getting to be around 1pm, needed lunch to be quick, easy and something they'd eat.Between the three of us we had some pretty good quesadillas, a few tacos which were fully loaded and not 90% lettuce, and some carne asada.  The food was all hot and the taco shells were really very good.   Was not asked to pay extra for the salsa bar OR for drink refills (even though the menu says there is a charge)My only complaints are:1.  How the reviewer concluded the food here is not greasy I will never understand..it was all greasy.  This is to be expected at this kind of place, but it was a bit over the top2.  The blaring hispanic channel soap opera on the two tv's.  As much as I didn't want to eat inside we were a distance from home and I had no choice.  Again this is to be expected.3.  60 cent charge to use my debit card?  On a $17 order?  Really??  Almost got them a 3-star for that one!
4	The place I go when I'm craving a bean and cheese burro.  Nothing more, nothing less.  Good stuff!
4	They have $1 tacos Mon - Wed. Otherwise, I wouldn't go here. It's like the million other -berto's - very greasy, moderately priced and no customer service should be expected. When you need a late night/early morning snack or are just craving super greasy Mexican food, this is your place.
5	Love Julioberto's!! My usual is a burrito with beans, potatoes and guacamole. Their green sauce is awesome. I think I might just like this place better than Filiberto's! Yum!!
3	Not bad for a "berto's" style.
5	This place rocks. Anything that comes out of the kitchen in this place is sheer magic. Bean and cheese burrito? DELICIOUS. Rolled tacos with guacamole? OUTSTANDING. They probably dislike me because I usually roll up in a taxi with my roommate and we're white girl wasted, but oh well.
4	I am a huge fan of Julio's! Their menu alone puts Taco Bell and DelTaco to shame. With a wide variety of items to choose from, including dishes with shrimp and fish, it is hard to NOT to find something to eat. What I love most about this place is that it is open 24 hours. The staff is ALWAYS friendly and has even cut me some slack on occasions when I placed the wrong order--they were kind and even made me an entire new plate. Also, the portions are quite large, I often can split a meal with a friend if we're not super hungry. You can also dine in at Julio's. They have a clean inside environment with plenty of booths and tables. I recommend the Chimichanga--chicken or steak, or the Carne Asada burritos.
5	The best breakfast burrito around!
4	Mexican Junk Food you just gotta LOVE IT. Lunch at least once a week. Brought my team here for a staff meeting and got voted Best Boss Ever On The Planet!  Shredded Beef Taco with the Red salsa.  Bean/Cheese Tostado with the Most Excellent Green sauce that makes my scalp tingle - I think its a jalapeno avocado sauce (?) and it is Muy Excellente (end of bilingual vocabulary).YES to the lettuce, its cold, crisp and totally soaks up the junk food juice!Staff is Always Nice and Always Friendly and they got a nice new iced tea machine so its fresh every time I hit it!
4	Ordered a bean and cheese burrito at like 11:30pm. Sometimes you just gotta give in... and this time, there were no regrets. I did request rice to be in there, too, but I think the drive thru sound system is funky since she had a hard time hearing us... and I didn't get my rice, but it wasn't on my receipt either. Oh well. Pretty solid.
4	Your typical taco stand which is perfectly fine!
3	The only place open past midnight
4	Mexican fast food... being from New York and then Miami this was pretty new to me (outside of taco bell, which brings great shame to the term "mexican" or "border"). So at about 2 a.m. with some large amounts of alcohol in my system, I decided to try it. The tacos were pretty good, especially at that point in the evening. Food was fast as the name would suggest, and cant beat it for a late night meal.
5	I have had many a cheeseburger in my day, but let me exclaim that Shake Shack is THE BEST EVER!!!! Went there after a show for a quick bite. I ordered one and ended up eating 3! I don't remember the details about the fries and shakes, but the burgers OUTSTANDING!!!!
