3	I don't know that Founder's Hall is really a building, as Lindsey R writes. It's more of an atrium behind/inside of a building. Having explained that, it's a nice place to head to get some food or some shopping done, presumably either during your lunch break or after work, since it's right in the middle of downtown (and most Charlotte peeps don't really spend too much time in the downtown area unless it's late at night on the weekend). Founder's Hall is a big, open area surrounded by fast-foody type places and shops like a little bookstore and a Bank of America store (weird). It's really bright and usually not that packed, though, so it's definitely a nice place to eat your lunch or grab a quick one if you're in a rush. Obviously, it's super accessible, so why not?There's a little raised platform in there, too--try sneaking a meal in there. It's a great little area.
1	Very attractive shopping center, but can it please get its stores back- the ones people actually shop in (with the scarcity of regular stores uptown)? There used to be mall-type chains here but now a Bank of America Store is where one of them used to be, and I hear there was even a Brooks Bros.?  Edited: I lowered this from 2 stars to 1.  The retail has a high vacancy rate- Julie's, a bookstore, a Jos. A. Bank and maybe 1 or 2 others?  Come on, BofA- if you can basically bring a Ritz-Carlton to Charlotte you can do better than this!
4	Have been to Founders Hall many times, most recently last night for The Art With Heart charity auction. It's a beautiful space in the bottom of the BOA building. Hanging lights were draped from the 3-4 story ceiling. Easy access to restaurants Aria & Sonoma from the Hall, as well as easy access to the Booth Playhouse and Blumenthal through the Hearst Tower overpass. Shops & Boutiques like Jos A Bank & Ivy & Leo surround the Hall. All in all a great space!
4	A handful of restaurants? Check.A smattering of retail? Check.ATMs up the wazoo? Check. Theaters to catch some sweet shows? Check. Some tables to people watch, and hang for a bit? Check. Potential for a huge event space? Check.Yes, folks, this IS Founders Hall. More than an atrium in the Bank of America building, this expansive space also serves as the vessel for the above and a bangin' event space. I attended Art With Heart, which was hosted here, and it was quite lovely. Tons of shiny floors, open, expansive spaces and plenty of room to move around. Plus, there are multiple access points to enter Founders Hall (Hearst Tower, College St., Tryon St.). You'll find retail from the major chains (Jos. A Bank) to the local options (Julie's, Ivy & Leo) as well as plenty of tasty options to grab a bite. If you're walking around Uptown, definitely take a gander through Founders Hall - if nothing more than to grab a seat and watch the bankers make their bank!
3	The very name Founders Hall evokes images of something historic, such as a place that George Washington, Thomas Jefferson and Ben Franklin would meet to hammer out the details of the Declaration of Independence, or at least to pick up a pint of ale.  It does not generally bring to mind images of animatronic bears singing Christmas Carols, yet that is what you get at certain times of the year.At other times, the 'hall' can be busy if you catch it at the right time - typically around showtime at one of the theaters (the Belk and the Booth both adjoin the facility).  Most other times it is fairly empty, though rush hour may see a reasonable amount of traffic as people go through from one side to another, as the Overstreet Mall connects, as does Tryon Street and even the Bank of America building.Inside the Hall itself is a decent amount of space and a few retail establishments.  Mostly it is a large event space, a big old atrium.  It is great looking, but unless you are there for an event, or passing through to get from one side to the other (or to see the bears), there is little reason to go.Not many people actually want to shop at the Bank of America store.  Note that I did not say Bank of America branch - it is actually a Bank of America store.  You can really buy Bank products here, like shirts and caps in case the logo is not plastered around town in quite enough places.
3	Perfect spot to kills some time either right after work or during your lunch hour if you work uptown.  Clothing shops, florist, coffee and lunch spots abound.  Even cooler during the holidays as right now they have a make shift orchestra set up (it's a group of bears) that will surely entertain kids and grown up kids alike.  I like to come here during lunch and do a little people watching and just stroll around for some general exercise.
3	A nice little spot for people watching and enjoying lunch.  Grab a coffee at Caribou, a juice at Jamba or a book at BookMark and enjoy the show.  There could be some more tables for such a huge space, and the sound of people dragging their chairs across the floor is SO LOUD.  It's weird and distracting, but other than that, it's a good spot to get away from your desk and just hang out.Protip:  When you get up to leave, do a circle through the BOA building.  Rumor has it that they pump fresh air from outside into the lobby.  I mean, you could go outside, but if you don't have time, it's a substitute.
