3	Went there to get some parts for my 67 mustang. Half the stuff I needed they did not have in stock! They ordered what I needed and picked it up the next day.
1	I tried to do business with this company Depot Automotive .I failed. I received a confirmation email  for my purchase. .  then I received an email because they wanted full first names not initials( Check credit card info).. then I got a email because there on line form which has a ship to address was filled out with a different address then the billing address  normal business operations.  i called to speak with Grorge who had sent me the emails.After getting the run around from him  and saying how ridiculous this is business practice was George whet to go and recheck about the shipping , The owner  got on the phone questioned my integrity repeatedly as if all I planned was to cheat him out of $268. All because the ship to address was not the same as the billing address where the car is being restored. The owner wanted a cashiers check , a bank transfer or to wire them the money .Eating up my time and additional funds .My credit is excellent my card is good and that would have been my first purchase of many to come. The owner was rude  on the phone and quite a jerk. Shame on you depot automotive you suck.
5	This place is rad. I'm from San Diego visiting Las Vegas with my 1966 mustang coupe. I decided to add a visit to this place to my itinerary and I'm glad I did! I showed up unannounced around 3pm and started looking around. They have such a cool selection of parts! They were slow to notice and assist me however, but once they did I got the answers I needed. I was having overheating issues so I ended up opting to buy a new aluminum radiator and fan shroud before the long treck home. I paid about what I'd expect to. Their mechanic was even willing to stay just a few minutes after close because of my bind. What a good guy! He ended up doing it just over an hour and he did it right! Now my car runs 1/4 heat always even on the 6 hour drive and idle. Unbelievable improvement. These two guys were so knowledgeable and friendly, especially the owner, although the counter people could use more customer service and sales training. All in all I can't express on here how thankful I am to these guys but I did try with this review. Special thanks to Jay and the mechanic! I hope I can stop by again some time because I know I'll be in good hands.
5	Amazing!  That's all I can say.  I have been rebuilding a 65 fastback for 3 years now.  I ordered a shifter and shifter ball back in 2012.  With all the parts and orders over the last few years I lost track of what had come in.  When I went to install the transmission I realized I never received the shifter ball.  I contacted the guys at Mustang Depot about it.  They shipped me the new shifter ball with no questions asked and it arrived in 3 days.  Awesome customer service from a great company.  I will be buying a lot more parts for my restoration from them.  Thanks Mustang Depot!!!
5	I bought a full willwood disk brake system from this company.  They had free shipping and no tax since I am in Southern California. I screwed up and ordered the wrong brakes.  These are expensive items. They took the product back with no questions and expedited the correct parts that I needed. I had my refund on the wrong parts that I bought within a few days.  Very good company that does what it takes to make the customer happy.   I just ordered an expensive rack and pinion from them and got the same kind of service.  i would recommend them.
