5	I am a big BBQ fan. I really love that down south BBQ and prior to finding Fritzi's earlier this year I was going to Honey Bears any chance I'd get. Now that I've found Fritzi's, honey bears doesn't even belong in the same sentence. I travel a lot and I always try to find that good bbq place while on the road and I've found some good ones. But I am confident in saying that Fritzi's is by far one of the best I've found and its right here in my home state ! Anyway, Fritzi's is located in the same complex as Del Taco and Home Depot off Dysart and i-10. The food here is absolutely spectacular. If you like Ribs, Chicken Wings, or even Pull Pork sandwhiches, whatever you like its ALL excellent. They slow cook the ribs of course, the meat just falls off the bones and it is some of the meatiest ribs I have ever eaten in my life. But like all good bbq places its the sauce that makes all the difference, and Fritzi makes some of the best sauce you have ever tasted ! This is a mom and pop owned goldmine, dont miss out ! I try to go atleast once a week, in fact there is a picture of me on the wall for being such a good customer ! If you go there for lunch 4 bone ribs is all you need, I believe it comes with 1 side, but it might be 2. For sides I usually get Mac and Cheese & Sweet Potato Casserole both are amazing ! A friend of mine really loves the Mixed Greens ! If you going for Dinner 6 bones will do, I usually get a full rack (12 bones) and eat it over a few days ! They taste great re-heated as well ! I guess thats about it, its St. Louis Style BBQ. Amazing stuff try for yourself. P.S. They have really good, deserts, beef brisket and cat fish as well !
5	LOVE this place!!!!!!!!! My husband and I discovered it while driving through Del Taco on Dysart. A few weeks later, my husband came home with pulled pork bbq, and sweet potato casserole. TO.DIE.FOR. I have since gone back and gotten bbq chicken (fantastic, meat fell off the bones, and still tender), and mac'n'cheese (very homey, breaded crust, pepper, lots of cheese, perfect). I'll be back soon for more sweet potato casserole. The people there were very friendly too!
5	I actually found out about this place from Yelp. I am glad I gave it a shot. I'm not a huge BBQ fan, but I've had my share of ribs, and these St. Louis style pork ribs were the best I've ever had. The meat was so tender and -- while it's cliche to say this -- literally fell off the bone! The sauce was tangy, a little spicy, but not too much of either extreme. There was nary any fat to be found, either, which made for great eating. With the rib dinner, you get two sides and I partook in the mac and cheese and the sweet potato casserole. The mac and cheese was a nice change of pace, as it was crusty, and kind of a mild cheesy flavor, which I preferred. The sweet potato casserole is fantastic. Sweet, smooth, and with a hint of walnuts (or pecans? couldn't tell for sure). It's a nice way to top off this filling meal. Just for reference: while it's not take-out food, it's not exactly a fancy sit-down restaurant either. I ordered ahead of time for pick-up, thinking it was an actual restaurant. But turns out, a walk-in would have been just fine.
5	Stopped in here a few weeks back and it was great! The owners were very nice and friendly, seemed very knowledgeable about the food. I was excited seeing a huge smoker on a trailer in the parking lot. We ordered the pulled pork BBQ sandwiches and the mac n cheese. Both were great! The meat was very soft and tender and the sauce was great! Very flavorful, spicy and had a nice kick to it. I'd definitely go back the next time I'm in the area.
5	Wow, very good barbecue and the best Cole-Slaw I've ever had.  Hopefully you don't get turned off by the religious message of the day that might be on the white-board, and stay focused on trying out their food.  It was purely by chance that we stumbled into this joint, and it's totally not near my house... but if you are in the area, you should try this place out!
3	It's too expensive.  What more is there to say?  I've never really had bad BBQ before so the only thing to really rate on is value.  It's meat, slow cooked and swimming in sauce, that's hardly rocket science.  So since it was $15 for a pretty typical portion of brisket and 2 4oz cups of sides I can't really give that more than 3 stars.
1	Well we came in with high expectations and left under-whelmed....First off, it seems as if most of the food is reheated, yeah this happens but really seems to be the case here.  Then there was the greens and they were simply way too spicy.  Now don't get me wrong, we like spicy food, but we like to taste the food as well and the 1st time we mentioned it, "I actually season my greens for flavor..." was the reply when asked how we liked it.  The real issue was upon our departure was when we were asked again about how we liked it, we offered an honest opinion and again advise about the heat level of the greens "Our people season to flavor...."  Sorry last visit to Fitzi's with a comment like that.  Completely uncalled for and the food (and relative higher cost) not worth it.
5	We eat at Fritzi's at least once every two weeks.  Their pulled chicken and pork sandwiches (or open face style) are excellent and the ribs are some of the best we've ever had.  The sides (mac and cheese, baked beans, greens, sweet potato casserole, etc.) are also very tasty.  This place is always consistent and is still one of our favorite restaurants.  In our opinion, none of the local BBQ places are as good as Fritzi's.  The best thing is that it's a local and independent restaurant.
5	My husband and I love bbq and this is the best we've had in AZ by far. I used to love Honey Bears since it was just a few blocks away from lunch hour at work, but since my husband intruduced me to this jem it has been our place to go for bbq. Forget Honey Bears, their sandwiches have NOTHING on Fritzi's! Their open face pork sandwich is out of this world! The cole slaw is top notch. Their mac and cheese is nothing special but the baked beans are good. The ribs are excellent as well. Just fall off the bone!  If you are not bothered by the religious messages on display then you will like this place. I personally love that they are a Jesus loving mom and pop bbq joint! Makes me feel welcome every time. They are always super friendly when we visit. Definitely give it a try if you're in the area!
4	I'm a fan for sure.  Each time we have been there... the service has been great... and the food is even better.  I love the sweet potato casserole... the mac-n-cheese and the BBQ is really really good.  The owners have always been nice to chat with.  Glad to support a small business. Well worth a try if you are in the mood for BBQ.
