5	King Tapes runs Groupons and Yelp deals often. This is how I found them. They estimated about 3-4 weeks, but called with my finished product after less than two weeks. I have used other companies, but am glad I found this one for my VHS converting needs. The quality of my old home movies are crap, but now that they are on DVD, at least they are not gone forever! Thanks so much. :-)
1	Worst customer service ever. They gave me a 2 week turn-around date, after 2 weeks I never heard from them. I called, was put on hold and then hung up on. I called again and they said they would call me right back, never called back. I called for the third time and they said they need one more week and would call for sure when they would be ready for pick up. Never called. I called back the next week very upset and they acted as if everything was fine. I finally was able to pick up my dvds 1 month later! I will never use King Tapes and I would never recommend them.
5	Used a Groupon to get some video cassettes converted to DVD.  A couple days after dropping off the tapes, I realized that a video had fallen between the seats of my car.  I was too lazy to ask if it could be added to my group of video cassettes.  A few weeks later I got the call to pick up my DVDs.  I asked about the additional cassette, and was told that they would just do it right away at the Groupon price.  Twenty minutes later I had all of my video cassettes DVDs in hand.  Overall, I would say that worked out well.
5	I was introduced to King Tapes through Groupon and was very pleased with my experience.  I took the tapes in around December of 2012 when they were quite busy nevertheless they were able to return the DVD's to me before the projected date.  My experience was quite positive all the way around.  I would definitely recommend them without hesitation which and I would gladly use them again.
5	Had a custom job that I needed done. Able to accommodate me. Needed extra copies last minute & were able to get them ready. Will definitely be back
5	Great service! I have had them convert personal cassettes into CDs and VHS tapes into DVDs  multiple times. They have delivered in a timely fashion. My wife cried when I presented her with a cd of her and her grandma performing on the piano. I recommend them with great confidence. Grateful I found them for these family projects, and u will be too.
5	This place is great! I dropped off 10 vhs family videos 2 weeks before christmas. These guys called me on news years at 7 p.m. to tell me my dvds were ready and I could come pick them up. Talk about great customers service! The guys were ao nice and friendly. I'd recommend to anyone and ill be using them again!
1	This place is a joke. They hold on to your tapes for weeks on end, you can never get ahold of them by phone, their mailbox is full and they're rarely even open during their business hours. Unprofessional and poor quality. Stay away! Rip off!
1	This place has kept my video tapes of my best friends' wedding (the only ones that exist) no one has ever seen them, and will not return them. Not only have they taken my money, they've locked their doors, disconnected their phones and there is no way to get the wedding video tapes back!  Clay Giroux is the owner of the business.  If anyone can help locate/contact him please help! Those tapes are precious and all I want is the tapes back.
1	Do not go here! I bought a Groupon to get some tapes converted to disc and after almost seven weeks, I have nothing. These tapes are not replaceable, some are from childhood. I drove out from Phoenix during rush hour traffic and they were closed though it was during their business hours. I tried to call but the number is disconnected. Why wouldn't they return my tapes? Stay far away from them!!
1	I'm so disappointed with this company. I have them 10 home movies on March and called continuously. They explained they were behind and to call back in a few weeks. And finally they just disconnected their phone & appear to be closed. I have tried emailing and calling various numbers with no luck. I just want my tapes back. They hold a lifetime of memories and I'm heartbroken to think I may never get them back.
5	Totally agree, Connie H. No need to panic. He has my wedding, babies, memories, first home, etc..... There has been a tragedy in the family but there is not any reason to call names or make accusations.
1	First of all Jeff G. and Connie H. are not real people, I'm sure it is the owner of King Tapes pretending to be a satisfied customer to instill a little bit of faith in all the livid customers.  I was there on Monday to see if they were open but of course they were not.  There was a sign in the window about a death in the family and that they would be back open for business on Tuesday.  I have no idea how long that sign has been up there but today is Tuesday and the phones are still disconnected.  I am sure that the owner is afraid to confront all of his angry customers at this point, I know I would be scared if I was in his situation.  Generally when there is a death in the family people don't go so far as to disconnect their phones, they just wouldn't answer during that rough period.  So I am assuming the family tragedy is a lie.  We just want our memories back Clay.  How could you steal that from someone, that's worse than stealing our money!  I have a friend who is a police officer whom I will be contacting unless Clay decides to start returning some valuables.
1	I took 31 tapes to them on March 18th. I paid in full. Their phones are disconnected and their business is closed. They haven't responded to emails or notes left on their door from me. I am panicked. I want my family videos back. If they had an ounce of conscience they would call me and have me meet them at their business and give me back my tapes. I will be taking legal action.
1	Dear Mr. Giroux,You have all of our family tapes. There are many, many victims. Please do the right thing and give us back our tapes. I suggest simply announcing a specific date and time and have our tapes in grocery bags with our names written on the bags and we will all show up and get our tapes. You could have a police officer there to make sure no one yells or gets ugly. Simply give us back our tapes. Please do the right thing Mr. Giroux. Please.
1	Bad experience. Terrible delays. Broken promises. Never open. doesn't answer phone.our  tapes were of a family vacation in hong kong. Last 20% of tapes were  of someone else's kids bday. All phone lines are disconnected.
1	My first encounter with KING VIDEO TAPES began over a year ago. I produced/hosted 250 TV channel programs in Los Angeles, CA. Years ago the 3/4" tapes were reduced to 1/2" tapes, each of which held about 4 different shows and are the ONLY ORIGINALS of my show I have. Until this year, all my dealings there were with "TRENT" - a very sweet, cooperative man, so willing to work with me. I could tell he was a man of high integrity and I trusted him totally. Some shows were transferred to DVDs successfully. Since I live fairly far from the shop, I try to make trips count. Earlier this year, I was going to Tempe and called to say that I would stop by the next day to pick up the video tapes. The next day when I stopped by, "Clay" said they weren't done. I was upset as they had been there for many weeks. He seemed to indicate he was 6 months behind. I noticed that Trent wasn't there and wondered why since I dealt with him.  Clay said he would call when they were done. Months passed then about 4 weeks ago, I began feeling "antsy" and made a special trip there to get my 4 Video tapes with about 4 different shows on each, mostly of the 52 ones I did all over MEXICO and very precious to me as were all show AND 3 audio tapes that I recorded and wanted on CDs so I could start selling them. He was to make 10 copies of each and I had paid $30. in advance. Three Mondays ago, I drove down to King Tapes and it was locked - "CLOSED" signs... I didn't' know what to do, finally I saw a man heading across the street and asked him. He, too, was very annoyed. Finally JOHN CLAY GIROUX appeared! He was very uncoordinated and confused. I didn't know if he was sick or ?He kept giving the man the wrong phone number to call for his audio tapes. He didn't know where my tapes were but as I was becoming more agitated, he finally found them. I should have grabbed them then, but he had my $30. that I could ill afford to loose and PROMISED he would do the transfers IMMEDIATELY and could be picked up Tuesday morning! My R.E. agent's wife was near there and I had agreed with him that she would pick them up. DAILY SHE WENT THERE and he was NEVER open. Friday a week ago, I used my GAS, to drive over there late morning and SAT outside for 45 minutes hoping he would show up! By the day, I was becoming more and more depressed and stressed! I felt so hopeless. Finally, I did research online and got some information on both Clay and Trent. I asked the police for help but that was a lost cause! I did not know WHAT to do, all phone numbers were not working for either man.  Finally this Monday, I wrote to both, sent to their home address and one to the business address.  TODAY, I got a SHOCKING GOOD NEW CALL FROM TRENT SMITH - HE MANAGED TO PICK UP MY TAPES and tapes for several other people and all I can say is GOD BLESS TRENT SMITH. I KNEW he was such a good person and could not believe the AWFUL things Clay said about him! I believe in karma and Clay Ciroux is setting up some powerful repercussions for himself!!
5	Looks like somebody caught up with him!http://mugshots-directory.com/booking/6635779/John-Giroux
1	The Arizona Attorney General's office would be able to help us. File your complaint here.   https://www.azag.gov/complaints/consumer
1	I along with the others have lost memories of my wedding, my children as babies and even video of my mom who passed away several years ago.  I just want my videos back just open up and let people go through them to get their memories back!  You can't put a price on memories - just give us the opportunity to get our videos back....................
1	I too have lost several hundred family slides due to this business closing. I'm sure they are going through rough times right now, I'm not here to blame or get angry, I just want our slides. If anyone is reading this who has any idea how to get a hold of someone to retrieve these family memories, please, please let me know. Message me or leave a review so anyone who is in the same situation can do the same. Thank you.
1	Unfortunately, my tapes were not there.  They must have been the ones that Clayton took to his home in Queen Creek to work on.  I called his wife, Angela, and ask her to do the "right thing" and just collect all the tapes that are around the house and take them to the "downtown mesa association,"  but apparently she doesn't think she has any involvement.
