4	They have very good pho. It is clean and the staff is friendly. The prices are fair and they have both Vietnamese and Chinese cuisine. On the Chinese menu I love the chicken fried rice and the beef broccoli which has a white sauce. The staff is friendly and attentive.
3	The place is clean and the staff is nice, but the Pho was just ok. Not bad at all, but the broth tasted like beef boullion without that tangy-sweet flavor.The prices are quite reasonable. The pho with flank steak, tendon, tripe, and beef balls was $7.50.
3	I REALLY wanted to love this place because it is close but sadly the pho was a bit too oily or fatty for me.  It was good flavor and clean and I hope they stay in business but they seem not busy.  Worth trying out--I am just so used to the flavor of my pho place.  Sadly I haven't been back there in a while--not even for Spring Rolls.
5	My family and I eat here all the time. Love the Pho. Great mom and pop place that is easy take out or eat in. If you are looking fo pho soup in Summerlin check this place out.
1	First and foremost, I am from Oakland, Ca, home of the best Pho this side of Vietnam!! So I know what Im talkin about.The chicken pho broth was salty and oily and they attempted to mask the bad flavor with an extra heaping portion of chopped garlic. Didn't do the job. The other person at the table had bbq chicken vermicelli and the chicken tasted like reheated burger king chicken tendors while the noodles had a plastic, almost musty flavor to them.  The side of pho fixins came equipped with old browning bean sprouts and basil. Definitely no where near any of the decent pho spots on Spring Mountain. If you live on the North side of town and want good pho, it is definitely worth skipping Pho Rose and driving, or taking the bus, to Spring Mountain.Defenitely Not Worth The Prices!
3	Being new to "Pho"  I have very little to compare to.  I go there for lunch approx. twice a month and have enjoyed the big bowls of soup very much as change of pace.  It was hard to decide on what to order(waitress not very interested in offering advice)  I have tried the beef Pho (3.5 stars)  great broth(not too salty),  beef was tender, very thin.   Most recently I had the Wonton Pho.  While I enjoyed it, I would probably try something else next time.
3	Stopped in for a quick lunch.. was craving pho and yelped up this place. I just didn't feel like driving from Summerlin to Spring Mountain Blvd..I had the beef pho and it was good, nice portion of beef, broth was clear and tasty. It arrived at my table volcano hot.. Only thing I didn't like was the noodles didn't hold up in the broth and kept breaking down. Wasn't enough to ruin the dish, just a slight downgrade..If you're in the NW area this a good place to get pho without the drive..
4	Love Love their Pho Ga (Chicken)!!!!!
1	I stared miserably at my oily bowl of pho with lack of meat and flavor. Condiments of bean sprouts and mint were not fresh. I was given a measly amount of jalapenos. Sadder at the fact that this is the only place (that I know of) where you can get pho in Summerlin. Boo.
1	The hostess/ waitress clipping her nails at the cash register should have been my first clue to turn around and find a different place to eat for dinner. But, we had just moved to Las Vegas and were hoping to find our new "pho" joint so we were willing to actually try the food first before we passed judgement.  Unfortunately, our first impression was correct.  It was NOT good.
4	Went here for the first time yesterday. I got my order to go, but the staff were very nice while I was waiting. I haven't had pho at too many places, but this was definitely good. I ordered the pho tai (rare steak pho) and the meat was really good. Some of the pho I've had at other places had a bad flavor to it like the beef was sitting out for a few days. That definitely wasn't the case here. The vegetables were fresh, and the broth was also good. Not too oily as some others had mentioned. I'll definitely be coming back to this place. I gave 4 stars for the good-not-great egg rolls.
3	So, I love ethnic food, and though it's not always an enormous hike to find something in the valley, I was stoked that there was a Vietnamese place up in the NW. I found myself with a hankerin' for a fresh spring roll and some grilled pork on vermicelli... so decided to try Pho Rose.  It was a smidge off of the typical lunch hour, so I wasn't shocked that I was the only person in there other than the family who seems to own it. Now, seeing a person reading the paper, or checking their email on their phone at a family owned place is not completely off-putting to me, as I have a soft spot in my heart for mom and pop joints. Thing is, they didn't exactly look up with a smile when I entered.  One of them got up, no change of expression, and put the menus on a table - then walked away. I may like the local dive, but.... you'd best smile at me.  Either way, I perused. Spring roll - check. Grilled pork and egg roll on vermicelli - check. Well. The spring roll LOOKED good, but upon closer inspection, it was clear that it wasn't made just then.  The shrimp was cut very thin, and the pork in it was very dry.  Hmph. Then the vermicelli came. Now, before I describe this, the price on this dish was not high. $7 and change I believe, however, I would have preferred to pay an extra dollar and get better quality. The pork, though the taste was delish, was sparse and very grisselly (is that a word?). The eggrolls were ok, but some of the meat (pork) inside appeared to be pink, which I interpreted as not fully cooked. Eeek. Uncooked pork??  I took those out. The sauce was yummy, and the veggies (cucumber and carrots) were cut larger than I'm used to in this dish.  I'll give this place one more try another time, but at this point, it looks like I'll still be making the trek to Chinatown for my authentic Vietnamese.
3	This is not the friendliest place but it's convenient ...Pho sho! Since this is the only Pho place in Summerlin it's come through for me on two occasions. The first occasion I had surgery to extract some of my teeth...I could barely open my mouth and my throat was sore. My mouth was numb and I sounded funny when I talked. I needed some Pho because under my current condition it was the easiest thing to eat and 9 times out of 10 it cures my sore throat. I took my Pho to go and couldn't wait to get home to eat it. I made the mistake of accidentally ordering the meat rare. I opened the raw meat while I was watching an episode of True Blood ...what timing! It was no big deal I put it in the microwave then fixed the soup. I thought it would be messy taking soup to go but they separated the veggies, the meat and the broth. Everything stayed nice and tidy. I don't eat Pho all the time so I'm not an expert but it tasted good and cured my sore throat! The second occasion happened this past Monday. One of my friends from San Diego was down and we were meeting up north . It was getting kind of late so she and her husband were hungry by the time we met up. Her husband was craving Pho unfortunately there isn't any Pho restaurants near Durango and the 95 that I know about so I took them to Pho Rose. It was nice to see that they also serve Chinese food there because I didn't feel like having any soup. We started off with the egg rolls that came with veggies like lettuce that I wrapped around the rolls before I dipped it in sweet and sour sauce. It's the first time that I wrapped my egg rolls with lettuce it tasted more refreshing that way. Walnut Shrimp was also ordered . In order to like this dish you have to be a fan of mayo because there is a lot of it on this dish. It was good. My main entree was the beef curry . It was decent but not spicy enough for me. I also felt the rice that they served with the meal looked bottom of the barrel old. It had that look of when you scrape the last of the rice out of the rice cooker . Sorry I don't like my rice crunchy. The food isn't horrible ..it's pretty good. If you don't want or have time to go all the way to China Town this place will do!
1	The only reason why this rating gets 1 star is because there is NO option for NO stars. I should have just taken the drive down to Pho Saigon 8 on Spring Mtn. but my co-worker (who i'm going to strangle the next time i see him) told me that he goes here alot. Well he must like eating crap because thats what i had. The tiny bowl of non existent meat and vegetables tasted like sh**, not to mention that it also gave me the sh**s. I wont even get started on the service, which was worse then the food. So thats my yelp for this place. Take the drive to Pho Saigon 8. You won't be disappointed.
3	Probably the only Pho place in the Northwest side of town. Wish they could build more since this place isn't the friendliest. Even though I have been here several times, I have always ordered to-go and every time I come by they never say "Hi or Bye or Thank you or not even a Come again." But I do come back since I don't want to drive to Chinatown. Okay now to the food...I usually order the Pho with rare steak and with extra tripe for $7.95 and the spring rolls with the peanut sauce is probably my favorite at this place. As for the Chinese food I would rate it as A-O-K, I've had better. I would only recommend this place if you really don't want to drive to Chinatown and your better off ordering to go.
3	I wanted to rate this place higher.. but the broth for my pho was just a little too salty for pho. The food isn't bad, it's just completely unremarkable, and it seems like they ought to be giving you a little more meat.The service was ok, not particularly friendly but not unpleasant either. Feels more like a takeout place than anywhere you would actually want to eat in at. However, as long as this is the ONLY pho place on the westside of town, I guess I'll be going back.
3	I love pho.  This place is okay.  Very small.  Not very busy.  Not usually Vietnamese patrons.  The only thing to know is that the pho is okay and it is the only pho place in my neighborhood, so I'll probably keep going on days that I don't feel like driving all the way to Chinatown.
3	To be fair their meat portions have diminished in the past year but everything is fresh and yummy. we get the cold vermicelli dishes once a month at least. very small, very local but great for a light meal
4	I really like this place. Small. No pretensions. Great service, very reasonable as faras prices go. The portions are such that you shouldn't leave hungry.We ordered the "bun". Rice noodles with veggies and chicken. The flavors are so Cleanand Refreshing. Perfect for a hot day, its a dish that is supposed to be served cold, andit was. I could easily eat this a couple times a week. I liked the two Buddhas too :D
5	All my Yelp friends know that I have this Yelp "Schtick" where I try to maintain this image of a conceited, and narcissistic villain who does nothing but piss off everyone reading. Most of my reviews consist of me bragging about how unrealistically hot I am, how even my cheapest article of clothes costs thousands of dollars, how awesome my hair looks, and how your personal opinions are WRONG and my opinions are Scientific Facts. If I were a Buddhist, I would chose to be reincarnated as myself. Though it is true that I have too much money to spend and an extremely high opinion of myself, what I am practically trying to do is exactly what the "heel character"(aka the bad guy) does at the Pro-Wrestling shows. I talk sh!t on every onlooker until they can't stand it anymore and send me tons of death threats, insults, and angry messages. Sometimes I wonder if I have Oppositional Defiant Disorder, because I seem to get high on annoying and pissing people off.  But, I promise that this will be my last Schtick review.....maybe..Now on to the review....People in Las Vegas are pretty stupid, but people in NW Las Vegas are even worse. Las Vegas is like DUMB and NW Vegas is like DUMBER. So practically what we got here is a city full of Harrys and Lloyds. So, I can understand why some people would give this place a low-rating because they don't have the intelligence, class, and sophistication(Like I have) to enjoy such a fine bowl of Vietnamese Pho.The Pho itself is extremely oily. This is natural! You really want to see oil rise to the top of soups like Pho and Tonkatsu Ramen. Why? Because that is the first visual indication that the broth is made from boiling bones for over 16+ hours.  If the soup has no oils rise to the top, it means that either the bones were not boiled long enough or they used a powder mix to make the broth.  The only times I ever see anything more greasy and oily than Natural Pho is when I have to look at the profile pictures of the Elite Yelper's faces(Of course not counting the Elites who are on my friends list, who are all like extremely hot like myself).The Steak they use at PHO ROSE is very tender, soft, and lean. I think they might be using sirloin.  Just a note: I know that most of you NW Vegas residents live paycheck-to-paycheck. I know most you guys barely make enough money to pay the bills. I also know that you are used to eating Grade F Low Quality beef from Walmart. But, Sophisticated(like me), wealthy(like me), and Upper-Class people(like me), eat nothing but Organic Sirloin and Filet everyday. So unlike you guys, I know a good piece of steak when I see one. And, PHO ROSE has some good quality meat. Okay...the portions here are not as big as the places on Spring Mountain. But, the prices are a bit lower. Also, lets factor in the convenience of not having to drive 30 minutes in bad traffic to Spring Mountain and Valley View.  You know, if you have to complain about a $7.50 bowl of Pho being too expensive then you shouldn't be eating out at all. You should be saving your welfare checks to pay rent at your weekly-rate roach infested apartments.  So maybe next time, don't blow your paycheck on your gambling addiction, and don't spend so much money getting drunk and stupid at bars...... and maybe you won't have to complain about $7.00 being "too expensive". Okay... I noticed my Yelp Friend Mike C gave this place a 1-star review. I respect his review. I noticed he last ate here in 2010. I think he should give this place another try because I think they have made a lot of changes.So, I would eat here again on account of the food, service, and convenience.  The only thing that might keep me away is the fact that this place is located near Summerlin. I don't know why, but every time I come back to Summerlin, the people just keep getting uglier!  Does a privileged and good looking guy like me really want to lower his standards and eat amongst the obese alcoholic bottom feeders of Summerlin? Anyway...PHO ROSE gets 5-Stars for being the best Pho in the NW.
1	The owner is a crook!!!! I dropped some money and now she can't speak english all of a sudden after taking my order!!! She pocketed my money so I didn't pay nor tip. Of course she did not follow me because she was wrong!Now on to the food........ Pricy for these small portions, and the taste is nothing close to what they are trying to sell. If this is your first asian place. please try somewhere else before you judge asian food. This is not my first nor last asian/Pho restaurant....
2	You can find better pho elsewhere. Broth is bland, like it was prepared out of the package. Service was terrible, especially when I was the only one eating there. Not worth going to again. The oil in the broth is a plus, but even that wasn't enough for me to come back for more.
1	First and foremost, I will give credit to Pho Rose for trying to bring Vietnamese Cuisine to the West-side of Las Vegas when most of the Pho places are located in China Town and South area.  This place is bleh if you want to satisfy your cravings if you do not want to drive a distance and you live in the close vicinity.  (if you are willing to sacrifice quality and value)However my concern is price value to quantity.  The prices are reasonable for what it should be, but for the amount of meat?  Mind you this is not just a Vietnamese place...for goodness sake it's in the name "PHO" Rose...so shouldn't they focus on Pho?  My gosh...I have ordered a Combo to go, and boy were they stingy with the pieces.  We don't pay for the rice noodles to just fill you up...common, it is no wonder this place has a sad rating.  I am actually surprise TETSURO P. gave such a high 5 stars...must be a relative of the owner...or he must be ________ (fill in the blank)  I hope Tetsuro was being sarcastic, cause you will find better Pho in Utah than here!The broth is respectable and passes for okay.  but like I said Pho Rose fails to deliver even mediocre levels of appreciation.  It really is sad to see such a place fail...when it could actually be something good.  Not only do the ratings here on yelp speak for it self...but take a visit...the place is practically empty even on peak hours.  You know a place is good if you have people waiting to be served and they are out the door.  This place...I wouldn't waste my time/  I would rather drive further and satisfy my Pho Cravings the right way...heck I am even willing to pay more as long as it is done right and a place like this doesn't BS you a sorry excuse for what they call PHOod! I wish I could give this place a negative star.
3	I have eaten here for the past few years, and I don't know why they changed the ingredients in their chicken curry, but it no longer includes potatoes like it used to.  It's still good but it was much better before.
4	Good Mom and Pap  pho house. New to veitnemese cuisine and was very pleased with the overall quality food and service. Im all about supporting the family businesses.
3	you get what you pay for, beef and broccoli was good but pho barely had any meat.Still good for being a small place, very clean!
2	I've been trying to explore Summerlin now as it is my new territory while I'm at work.  Since I haven't had Vietnamese in awhile, I decided to try this little place since it's around the corner from my job.I usually get the cold rice vermicelli bowl with grilled pork and an egg roll - pretty straightforward and really, really hard to botch.Well, it was pretty much botched.  -_-The only reason this place gets any kind of stars is their grilled pork is to DIE for.  Now why would I only give it two stars?  You get about two pieces for your ENTIRE bowl.  And not like, LARGE pieces - normal sized bowl pieces.  Everything else is mediocre vermicelli, some carrots and bean sprouts, and an OBNOXIOUS amount of lettuce.Still hoping for the best, I tried the egg roll.  Last time I checked, egg rolls shouldn't be rubbery.  How does that happen?  I really don't know.Fish sauce was not on par, it tasted like it was old.  In fact, everything but the pork tasted old... and I got this around lunchtime.  Eck.Very tiny inside and I had to ask 3 times to get some hoisin sauce.  I tried getting sriracha as well but I guess there was a communication snafu.  The lady was friendly.Still shopping around for a good Vietnamese place in Summerlin.
4	I haven't eaten anything there but the Pho and Spring Rolls  and I like it. It's close to my house and the service is good. I like the Mom and Pop feel of this place and how they always know what I want before I even order - I'm a fan.
4	This is my family's go to pho place when we don't want to drive more than 15 minutes for some Vietnamese food. My old Kumon center used to be behind this place and my father waited at this place while my brother and I tried to finish our class work. The owners have become very familiar with us and knows our orders as soon as they see us. Their customer service is pretty good and their food isn't bad as everyone is complaining about. It's pretty good for something that is given to you and ready to eat within 10-15 minutes.
5	Took beef pho to go and they were quick and super cheap and really tasty. Even order spring rolls and everything came out to $12.15! They even have seafood pho. My new pho place around the corner from my house. Beats driving all the way to Spring Mt.
1	Won't ever come here again. My tip explains it all. Wish I didn't have to leave any stars
2	The broth/stock for our pho was very bland and disappointing, very skimmpy on the meat, which I can understand ALMOST about the muscle meat but they even skimped me on my offal.   I really wasn't surprised this place was practically empty of customers.  The food was very meh.
4	I got the General's Chicken, so nothing Vietnamese or even authentic Chinese, but it was really good, reasonably priced and very fresh. When I walked in, they were pretty busy but I still got my food pretty fast. I will be back.
4	This is my go-to Pho place for several reasons.   It is super close to my house in comparison to all the other pho places in vegas.  It is never over crowded, and the service is good.  I usually order to go and it is always ready when I get there.  I get the number seven, just the simple pho with the raw meat that cooks when I throw it in the broth. The serving size is GREAT, I feel as though I almost get more when I order to go? But I'm not sure. They don't skimp on the meat, I think it is the perfect amount and there are always lots of the veggies and such in my to go box, I love it.  I do always ask for a side of sriracha, I can't eat pho without it.  Great flavor over all! And a huge serving, I'm always extremely full after and thats saying something for me.  I have sat down to eat several times and enjoyed it.  They do charge by the can for sodas which is a little annoying, but makes sense since it is a small non-chain restaurant. I can understand that. The lady at the front is very quiet service wise but I get the feeling it is just because of language differences etc, to be blunt (not because she is unfriendly or anything).  Great pho place near summerlin, definitely worth a visit!
1	You know it's not going to be good when...I call to see what time they close, she was rude on the phone, close at 9:30, it's 8:45... Walk in the door... Very cold stares from the lady working. She reluctantly brings us a menu and walks away... Doesn't ask for drinks or anything...menus are dirty... All tables have old food on them... She made us feel so uncomfortable we got up and left. She pretty much just pushed us out. Close earlier if you don't want to be open. I work in the industry... I get it... But you will go out of business acting like this. Zero stars if I could
1	went to this place, food is ok - but TERRIBLE customer service!!! owner/ lady was on the phone the whole time ( while taking our order and delivering our food to our table! ). We wont be back and we'll never recommend this place to anyone!
4	Pho Rose is probably one of the best pho  restaurants in northwest vegas. This is a mom and pop establishment, small but with very good food. I ordered the fried tofu and I was not very impressed with it. It was fried but very soggy on the inside. However, if you want to have a good pho outside of china town, then this is the place to go. They also offer some Chinese plates!
5	I like that the owners are the people running the show. I can see how they can get buried sometimes and it might take a little longer than other places but worth it food is cool. Happy I don't have go to china town to get pho homie!
5	We come here often.  Always great pho and wonderful,  friendly owners! Definitely suggest it!
1	The worst customer service ever. Yes I work in the industry on the strip so I might be picky, but please and THANK YOU are mandatory in every, venue, country and language!!! The main lady that works the restaurant is so rude. They should be so lucky to survive in their noodle world with so much competition around them. Read your reviews lady! Can't complain about food quality, portions are definitely cut down compared to any other Pho place.
1	Worst pho ever!!! Don't ever come here , if you don't wanna waste your money!!! They give you very little meat on your pho, specially the grilled beef. People who thinks that this is a good place to eat , haven't been to any pho restaurants around the valley. The owner is rude too! The soup taste like it's mix with water.
2	Horrible service and the food wasn't that great either.. normally mediocre food is made good with excellent customers service but in this case the food was horrible and the main lady there is so rude.. If we ask her for anything it seem like we're bothering her. . Our fresh spring rolls came wrapped in hard rice paper.. my mom make spring roll all the time and the only way those get hard is if it's been sitting for a long time! The orange chicken we ordered was hard and stale.. like it was reheated then recoated with the sauce.. they were out of a lot of stuff from the menu. . And when we ask for plates for our spring rolls she said "I was going to bring plates with your main dish"... long story short.. waste of money.. I dont know how this restaurant is surviving with so much better noodle competitions around them!
2	Love to help mom and pop's store. This one disappointed. Srorach and hoisin sauce is water down. Ok people when you see bubbles in hoisin sauce, please don't eat it. Its spoil. Cant turn a $3 bottle of hoisin into $4 by adding water,  not worth It.Pho soup was ok. But need some seasoning. Face on owner say enough. She look depressed. I come back In Oct see of they do some changes . I still help mom and pop local businesses.
4	Good Vietnamese. Pho is good. Chops are a bit fatty at times, but all around very good. Vietnamese eggrolls are top 10 for vegas.
5	The tendon soup is so good!!! And paired with egg rolls it is amazing. I have been coming here a long time and they never fail
3	I get take out regularly from pho rose. Not because its awesome.  Its not. Its right on the cusp of being never again and barely passable. I keep going because I love pho and its conveniently located near my work.  The soup base is decent but you have to flavor it with a lot of hoisen and sriracha. Not a big selection like other pho joints in town. Don't expect a lot of meat if you're hungry. I once ordered a grilled chicken and egg roll vermicelli bowl and got 2 small pieces of chicken. It did nothing for me. The egg rolls are barely passable. The filling is skimpy and you eat mostly fried wrapper. Yes I'm a repeat customer but only because its the only place to get pho in that area.  Would i recommended it? No. There's many many other places to get good pho. This is where you go when there's nowhere else to go..like that guy or girl you call when you're bored have no one else to hang out with!
4	Okay, I admit that this isn't the best place for pho.  I've avoided this place for the past 2 years since we moved to this area because of the negative reviews.  However, on a whim and because I feel like Viet Biestro which is nearby (while good but over-priced to get pho w/added veggies) we tried it and were pleasantly surprised!  The cold noodle dish with bbq pork is amazing!  I wish there was more pork.  I want a giant plate of the bbq.  I've been searching for pho restaurants that serve delicious, char-grilled grilled pork like my favorite spot in Reno, but for some reason no place ever serves it actually grilled, with grill marks. Every places I've been to has been pan fried which just isn't the same. So this is the place for me to get my sweet, tender, and delicious, char-grilled pork cravings fulfilled.  Also, their moo shoo is really good.
2	Had the Beef pho and the broth just didn't taste like regular pho. Wife had the vermicelli  that had only two pieces of meat and all lettuce. Thai tea tasted like water. It was ok for the price but nothing special about this place!
