1	Well, I was craving Korean and we wanted to try somewhere closer to our house. I guess this experience was "my bad"...but hey, someone had to try it right? As Kevin says, "It filled our tummies" and I must agree 100%.  The food was "eh"....okay.  I guess because we were hungry!  We definitely had waaaaay better Korean food.  (Stay tuned for my next review of it).  The outside actually looked pretty good.  Yes, quite opposite from other restaurants we go to (Hmmm...interesting...).  We went on a Tuesday about 430pm so it wasn't crowded at all.  There was just one other person sitting there,  The lady that 'somewhat' greeted us looked like she was one of the owners. I say 'somewhat' because she was distracted with her Korean shows that was blaring from the TV situated in the middle of the restaurant,  She was in front of that TV every chance she got.We played it safe and ordered the bulgogi and chicken.  The dishes were $14.95 each,  They only had the "cooking" menu open at that time so we didn't have much of a choice.  They had soups and other appetizers but we opt not to have any.  I really wanted to try the seafood pancake but it was $16.95 (pretty steep for me).  There lunch special prices looked okay ranging $8.00-9.00 but that ended at 230pm. When the dishes came out on a cast iron sizzling plates it didn't quite excite us. It came sizzling with just onions! The meat was soft but it definitely needed more flavor.  Same goes with the chicken (mind you, they used the chicken breast. I'm used to thighs.)Now, let's talk about the "sides" given.  They gave about 6 side dishes.  One was a huge bowl of salad which consisted of just greens and the dressing was a simple rice vinegar/soy sauce with a bit of spice.  The other sides were the usual kimchee stuff but they didn't give much.  We actually had to ask for more.  One last thing, my husband being in the food industry business would always tip 20% regardless.  But I have to tell you that it's a big statement when he only tipped 15% at this place!!!Alright, enough about this place. I'm sorry to say that this was the first and last time that we would be going here.  For anyone who goes and has a better experience. We're happy for you!
1	Customer service was pretty bad. No, VERY bad. Not a single person greeted me as I walked in. In fact, I got stares that made me feel unwelcome or like they thought I was going to steal something. I was the only person in line and yet I felt the cashier was still rushing me.  I guess getting back to her text messaging was more important than satisfying her customer. The food itself is nothing to go crazy for. It's just your average, what-you'd-expect Chinese food. I can honestly say, I'll never having a craving for this stuff. I received the same unwelcoming stares as I walked out. I even said "Thank you, bye!" too. I don't get it. How are they even still in business?
5	Good food
3	Ordered delivery yesterday. Not far from my house at all, but it took an hour for the food to arrive (whatever tho).. The delivery guy was super nice & the food smelled really good. We ordered fried rice, chow mein, orange chicken and beef & broccoli. Both of the meats came with a side of steamed rice. The beef from the beef & broccoli smelled a little weird, the chow mein was alright, but both of the rices & the orange chicken was pretty good. Better then panda express, but were definitely passing on the beef & broccoli next time..
5	Always love eating from china one. Although I only gone inside the restaurant twice, I always get food delivered and in the time expected. Driver always greets me with my name and is really nice. Food is great and you get a lot for what you pay for:)
4	I've tried my fair share of local Chinese food and it always ends up a disappointment. China One, though not without such feelings draws me back time after time. Their food is pretty good(the only Chinese beef my hubby will eat) and you get big portions. They remember you and that makes a difference to me as a customer. Their service is friendly and cheerful. Beef Chow Fun and Shrimp Egg Fu Yung are my faves here. I just wish I could find good pot stickers in this town. Why are they so hard to find?!
4	Great spot for lunch! They always give you big portions for around $6.50! No way I can eat it all for lunch! The only place I go for Chinese take out in the area!
1	I usually judge a food place by my overall experience as opposed to focusing only on the quality of the food and service. That experience starts from the moment I get out of my car. For starters, the moment I opened my car door before stepping out, I was met with a "hey big man (I'm a big man), you help me out with some change for the bus?"  Mind you, I parked right in front of the place so this is definitely a demerit against them as they have every right and responsibility as a business to prevent this sort of thing from happening. It's not like I have a phobia of homeless folks, but there's nothing like having a filthy greasy booze-breathed hobo greet me at my car on my way into a restaurant  to whet the appetite.Once I give the guy some change, I walk in to this typical strip mall Chinese take-out style eatery and am immediately greeted with "for here or to-go?" From across the room. When I'm ordering, I ask if they have unsweetened Iced tea. She doesn't know, she asks the girl right next to her who ignores her. We stand there for 20 seconds of silence before a man walks out and lists off the iced teas. I ask, "Are they all sweetened?" He lists them all off again. He didn't understand the question. I get it, this is America and there will be times where you run across a foreigner and cannot understand their language, I'm in their place, so I nod and ask for water. The first bottled water I receive had been previously opened. I tell them and they look at me like I'm crazy before getting me a new bottle. When the food arrives, the server places the largest plate of chicken katsu I've ever seen on the table in front of me. I would have been extremely impressed by this had I not ordered the beef with broccoli. I tell the server and I get the same look like I'm lying or something. Finally the beef with broccoli arrives on a large plate accompanied by a second large plate covered in steamed rice. Looks good! It was NOT! First of all, I was given a large spoon to eat my beef with broccoli. At this point, I don't feel like getting another look, so I pretend that I am accustomed to eating broccoli with a spoon and I smile and say thank you. Then I take the first bite. DISGUSTING!  It tasted like pounded beef fat covered in pure oyster sauce dipped in salt. The broccoli was a bit overcooked and every so often while hovering over my plate to prevent lap spillage, I get a whiff of some foul stank feet. No, it was not me, it was the plate. I have worked in enough short order kitchens to recognize that scent. It's filthy dish water. I was so appalled that I bothered to write this review. I would not have normally bothered to write a review of a strip mall place, but it was so gnarly that I want to prevent anyone from going to China One.
2	I've been ordering from this place for a couple months and have always loved the food however the customer service is severely lacking. After tonight I will no longer be ordering from this restaurant. The person taking my order could not get it right, the delivery took a half hour longer than expected, our order was incorrect when we got it and when we called them to tell them what was missing and wrong they said they weren't sure if someone could bring the missing/incorrect items. They will not refund anything but they will give a credit which does nothing since I will not order from them again.
3	I use to love the food here. Very fresh and the portions are big. I would order like once a week since there grand opening at this location. I haven't been here in a couple of weeks so I decided to order from here yesterday. I was disappointed. They changed there chowmain noodles which were my fav. They now taste and have the consistency of Top Ramen noodles that you buy in the packages at Walmart. I also had tried the walnut shrimp which I thought was pretty gross, seemed slimy to me. However, the wonton soup is delicious, one of my favorites.The customer service is not great, every time I call in my order whoever answers cannot understand me. Very frustrating. I'm hoping the quality of the food doesn't continue to go down hill because I really did like this place and I am very picky.
4	I love China One. I used to go to the one on Durango out in Centennial which I must say is still my favorite location. HOWEVER since I work at a nearby hospital I've been going to this location..I like it a lot..I don't have any complaints about the dishes I've ordered from there..the delivery is extremely fast every time. My . Favorites are the spicy fried wings which taste better when you put all the toppings on it and take a bite (yummy) then the kung pao shrimp, fried won tons, shrimp with broccoli, shrimp egg foo yung,  Singapore noodles..omg I could go on and on lol! Good food.
5	I have never had a bad experience here, tough I've never dined in. I order to go. They have great food. That's all I needed.
4	The service is very quick and efficient. The server was friendly. We each ordered our own entrees for dinner and left very full. You have the option to have the sauce on the side when you get sweet and sour. Get it on the side so your food isn't drowning in the sauce. Good value for $8.95
1	Greasy, nasty.  If a dish contains vegetables and tofu and then tons and tons of grease it should NOT be referred to as "healthy."  Nor should it be called vegetarian if said vegetable dish contains chicken and beef broths and sauces.  Also QUIT A+WALKING THROUGH PEOPLES' yard!  There is a S.I.D.E.W.A.L.K. for a reason and you should learn to respect property.  Then after you trip over and knock over a fence in FRONT of the owner of the house you should probably...I don't know...say "sorry", maybe try to put it back or pick it up!  Not look up at them, then just continue to saunter of through the yard!  Also, if you get the order wrong and the vegetarian who ordered off of the VEGITARIAN MENU cannot eat the food because you messed up the order, then you should probably either deliver a new one and take the old back, or maybe...I don't know...give their money back since they just  couldn't eat it.  You probably should NOT try to charge ANOTHER plate and DELIVERY fee.  What is wrong with you, seriously?!
4	This place is our "go-to" take out place. It's right by our house and the delivery is fairly quick. They don't speak the best English, but with a little patience the communication is not too difficult. We order the chicken lettuce wraps, crab Rangoon, wonton soup, egg drop soup, chicken chow mien and the beef with broccoli. We haven't ever had a poor meal there, I am unsure what all the bad reviews are for, this place is a hole in the wall, not gourmet Asian cuisine. Service, food, and delivery speed are acceptable
2	Service was great food came out extremely fast. Which probably explains the lack of quality. I don't mind waiting a few extra mins if the food quality will come out better. Very greasy. Pretty disgusted just by looking at it and had no flavor. I also got a taro boba that when I took my first sip the boba balls were hard as a rock when I tried chewing. And the  taro smoothie was so sugary. Worst boba I've had in my life
1	I don't even know where to start. I ordered the house fried rice and was told it would be here "soon", after waiting more than an hour I decide to go outside my office to see if maybe the delivery driver got lost. Sure enough, there he was stating "here's your food", passing it to me, then promptly leaving. I looked down at the tiny box he had handed me and wondered what my $12 had actually gotten me. Not much. I had about 2 pieces of shrimp, a ton of egg and something that looked like pork (even though it's advertised to only include shrimp,  beef ribs, and chicken). It was tasteless, room temperature and really greasy. I tried adding soy sauce for flavor but that did not help. About halfway through my 3rd bite I began to feel sick and decided to save myself the trip to the emergency room--I threw this "food" away. Will not be eating here again.
4	I don't know why people are trippin' because this was some of the best Chinese food I've had in Vegas. We ordered take out and got dinner B with wonton soup, house fried rice, general chicken, and shrimp chow mien. Yeah the food was kind of greasy but that's what Chinese food take out is about!The wonton soup was huge and full on wontons, shrimp, pork, and vegetables. It was a little bland, but nothing a little soy sauce and chili garlic sauce couldn't fix!The shrimp chow mein was also very tasty. I've had better shrimp in my life but it wasn't bad.The general chicken is BOMB. Sweet and spicy.The house fried rice was a little bit of everything and delicious.The Thai tea was good. And all for $30!
1	Stopped by to get lunch today. Ordered  Combination Chow Fun and Wonton Soup. On the menu, the wonton soup has shrimp in it. I am allergic and told the guy behind the counter. I get my food home and notice a shrimp in the wonton soup. I go back and present my food which they gladly remake. I get home again and start eating. Halfway thru the wonton soup, guess what I find? Another Shrimp! Now I'm angry and disappointed. The blatant disregard is something INEXCUSABLE. This could have literally killed me. I will not be back due to their inability to execute a simple dish twice and potentially making me sick beyond belief. I hope the owners see my post and realize you can't disregard food allergies and  expect repeat business.
4	Love the Wonton soup.....bowls keep getting smaller though...they will add extra shrimp at a cost but heart already
