3	This is the place where they used to host the old Charlotte Hornets practice sessions back in the day.  Well, now it hosts a slew of concerts and other events on the basketball court.  I thought that the acoustics of this place could have been better.  Also I am a bigger fan of the open floor, so the fans can move around and dance to the music.  At the concert that I went to there was some space at the front of the court, but it got pretty damn crowded and people behind us got kind of urked about the people standing in front of them.  It is a rock show for God's sakes, stand up!  Anyways the good thing about this place was that you can get a pretty good view of the stage from any where in the center; I would still rather catch a show at a smaller place.
3	I have only been here for Gay Bingo but it was a nice venue!  I like the feel of the place, the whole stadium has a nostalgia about it....sigh....  Like an old venue though, the ladies room does not have enough capacity if everyone has intermission at once, so just be ready for a long line, try to go at 'down times' if you can.
4	Nice venue. We saw roller derby, and really enjoyed it.Smaller facility, but perfect for what it is.Bathrooms were pretty clean and decent. I saw bathroom attendants, which I think is important at an event!The acoustics are not great, but it is an older gymnasium facility, so that is what it is.
4	This is a great venue for roller derby!  Stadium seating allows for everyone to have a great view. The building is older, but clean.
3	You may find that this location is a little strange - it isn't much different than a high school gym. It might have been a high school gym at one point. You definitely don't want to go for the updated facility, because it doesn't have any updates - if this was an NFL stadium, it would have been torn down years ago - or at the very least, done up with a nice, multi-million dollar renovation.Luckily no one seems to realize that the Grady Cole is flying under the radar and serves a nice niche for Rollery Derby, a few concerts and even an MMA event now and again (that's the most recent event we were at). No need for executive suites - though it would make it more interesting, you have to get hot and sweaty at an MMA match. It's part of the appeal.That said, it really doesn't fit Charlotte's image all that much, because Charlotte likes to tear things down and build new ones whenever possible. See any number of examples around that have been razed to make way for one replacement after another. Celebrate it while you can.
