5	I have recently discovered yoga at Floating Lotus Yoga Studio. The facility is beautiful with spacious work out room with wood floors and healing light. The instructors are awesome and very patient with us new "yogis!" The studio also offers a range of natural healing therapies such as chiropractor, acupuncture, massages and more.....I have had adjustments and acupuncture from Dr. Lynch and he is very knowledgeable and skilled in these therapies. The prices for Yoga and other services are EXCELLENT! I am so happy and thrilled to have this yoga studio come to downtown Mesa! There is a class for everyone from beginners to advanced plus you can do Zumba. I recommend to everyone to try out the yoga and therapies here.
4	I had been looking for a yoga studio and came upon this place when it offered a Groupon. I've been to four or five classes here so far and like what I see so far. The yoga studio itself is really nice (and the blue ceiling is nice to stare at when I need to distract myself from the pain of a bridge position or something). I've taken classes with Nickie, Alexandra, and Katie. All three were good about accommodating different experience levels, correcting positions unobtrusively, asking about prior injuries, and offering alternative stretches.This may be because the studio just opened and is trying to adjust its course selection to demand, but the classes tend toward beginning and intermediate levels (which is fine for my rigid self). I did see a mention of possible Level 3-4 classes on the website, however.
4	Love this yoga studio. The owner Steve is incredibly nice, the prices are really good, and the studio is BEAUTIFUL; hardwood floors, pretty blue paint on the walls, yogi-like artwork all around. It really sets the mood for relaxation! Plus I feel totally welcome here, it's not snobby at all like some elitist yoga studios. The two yoga instructors I've had for Level I and Gentle Yoga were both great. Full of tips for all and also one-on-one suggestions. They also had very soothing words to go with our practice. We're also currently doing the CrossTone class every Mon Wed Fri and it's butt-whooping GOOD! Nothing like a 6am cardio/strength/interval class to get your endorphins pumping!
5	great studio and teachers!
5	I am really ENJOYING yoga at this studio! I'm a bit hesitant to shell out $$ for a gym or yoga membership without getting to try it out first. So I was THRILLED when Floating Lotus offered a Groupon for 15 classes. I've been to 7 or 8 classes so far. Nikki has been the instructor for probably half of the classes I've taken. Her verbal cues are TOP-NOTCH! Her voice calmly keeps the focus on the mental & physical element of the practice as she guides you thru each pose. I've also taken a class or two with Jackie, Shella & Katie. Each instructor has their individual style & works to accommodate all levels. They have mats, blankets, blocks & straps to use as needed.
5	I have never done yoga before but consider myself relatively fit (for 50!) Izzy was a great instructor and let us all move at our own pace. I was surprised at what I could accomplish with her guidance. Most importantly I felt amazing the rest of the day and can't wait for my next session. Great studio and great team!
5	Beautiful yoga studio located in the heart of downtown Mesa, AZ. I go  there mainly for chiropractic adjustments. Dr. Lynch is amazing! Really worth checking this place out!
5	Thank you Floating Lotus for an amazing yoga class while I was visiting from San Francisco! I was pleasantly surprised that the space was so peaceful - just what I was looking for - a little sanctuary for this busy mom. Coming from San Francisco, you can be a tough critic on yoga places (although we strive for no judgment in yoga, right :0) So, yes, I loved the space and my flow class. Thank you and see you next time I'm in town.
4	Great newer yoga studio in Mesa. Like a few other people I discovered Floating Lotus via Groupon, but even after my deal is up I'm sure I'll come back. The studio itself is beautiful. Steve is always super friendly whenever you check in and the instructors are wonderful. Floating Lotus is very welcoming and not at all pretentious like some other studios in the Valley. I look forward to them growing and expanding their class schedule!
5	I have taken about 5 classes now at Floating Lotus. The yoga basics class taught by Nicole is the best yoga class I have ever taken (I have practiced for 2 years and all types, Basic, Bikram, Yin, Flow ect..) The studio is clean and really spacious, though the Yoga basics class fills the room. I have to bet it is because of the instructor Nicole. She makes me both laugh and cry (in a good way) with her teaching and inspiration. It is the best 90 mins of my day most weeks. I can't recommend this place highly enough for that reason alone. Like other reviewers stated, the owner Steve is also friendly and caring. I forgot my punch card recently and he had no problem trusting I would mark it off on my next  visit. This type of business practice along with Nicole will keep me coming 2-3 times a week.
5	I bought a groupon for this studio and went to classes several times a week for a month. All the staff were friendly and addressed me by name after just a couple sessions. Most of the classes I attended were beginning/intermediate and they were always willing to work with anyone regardless of their level. I'm not sure if there would be enough classes each week for someone at the advanced level to attend but it is a fantastic studio for those at the beginner/intermediate level.
5	Great hot stone massage session from Michele.
5	I bought a groupon for this class and it is fantastic! I absolutely love the variety in the classes. Nicole is an excellent teacher, she is very friendly. This yoga is so much better than the Bikram Yoga and its kind that I tried before. It not only helps you tone, but more importantly relieves you of stress and you go back, being full of love, life and energy. Highly recommend this place. :)
5	It is a very relaxing studio, where you feel welcome and not judged.  I had never done yoga before, and was very self conscious about going now I can't wait til my next class!!
3	Awesome studio, amazing instructors, awful management from the owner.  He goes through instructors and directors like nobody's business, and if there's a conflict or misunderstanding, he's always right and you are always wrong.  Stay away from Dr. Lynch and you will do fine.  Everyone else there is amazing.  Just don't get too attached to your favorite instructor - who knows how long he or she will be there.
4	Just got a $10 groupon for 10 classes, what an amazing deal is that!?!  Great location in downtown Mesa and the room is spacious with perfect lighting.  With so many classes available I can always turn to this place to get my yoga fill.
5	I started yoga in April with a groupon to the Floating Lotus thinking I would use the groupon and that would be it.  I fell in love with the studio// the instructors & the friendly attitude of everyone there.  I feel at home when I walk in and after each practice I am refreshed and ready for the rest of my day.  The instructors make each class unique// guide you through the poses and make you feel comfortable.  I would recommend this to anyone.
5	I tried this place out because of a groupon deal and loved the varied classes and the warm instructors. Non-judgmental and friendly atmosphere.
1	I began going to Floating Lotus on  on of their groupon passes. I had a fantastic teacher, Nicole, who has since opened her own studio Radiant Love. The owner of Floating Lotus, Dr. Lynch, is outright rude. I cancelled my monthly membership after Nicole left, but continued to go in once a week for an organic farm box delivery program that I really enjoy. Some times Dr. Lynch has invited me to come back for classes, and I have declined. Today, Dr. Lynch called me a very demeaning sexist name when I came in to pick up my package. How he expects to run a yoga studio while being demeaning and rude to those who walk through the doors is nonsense. Practice yoga. Practice Love.
5	great classes!  enjoyed!
5	Awesome studio, instructors, owner and medium for yoga on all levels. Sean is a particularly capable, experienced, thoughtful and calm professional instructor.Ignore anything in previous reviews about the owner and Nicole spat. That was about the difference between an ashram (not) and studio (yes) and then ethical professionalism (yes) vs. unethical business sabatoge and stealing (not). I have been involved in yoga for 15 yrs from Seattle to Phoenix, from Indian and Bali trained instructors to original newbies such as myself, and this is in the top five of 20+ experiences. Plus downtown Mesa is up and coming and great to check out. Check out Floating Lotus. You have a good chance that it will work for you on at least one level : )
5	I started with a generous Groupon offer about two months ago, looking for a chance to try yoga as other exercise options are severely limited due to health concerns. Love the variety of classes from really beginner to gentle nudges to challenge yourself; there are power yoga, sculpt and tone and Zumba classes for those who really want to rock out!Too many great instructors to mention; though there's been some turnover recently, but hey, life happens to all of us. Membership options were clearly explained and prices are the best in the area that I've found. One of my friends joined me for a class recently and was warmly welcomed by staff and instructor; thanked for coming and I was thanked for inviting her. Love the ambiance and love the philosophy: that this is your practice, do your best practice today and don't worry about comparing it to other people's or even to your own previous efforts. I like that, since mine is a bit hampered in spots by physical disability. I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a studio to make their home. Construction issues on Main right now due to light rail install will be a pain thru the summer, but I wouldn't let that stop you!
5	I've been to yoga studios throughout the country, and I found floating Lotus to be one of the most beautiful and diverse studios I've ever encountered. Namaste!
5	Such a great studio in downtown Mesa!  I love Deborah's class on Mon and Wed at 5:15! If you're looking for an unpretentious studio offering yoga at all levels, you can find it at Floating Lotus!
1	Paid 700 dollars for massages with Jerry costa and after he secured payment he became very moody because i wanted tues, wed. back to back massages and to focus on the lower body. He wanted to do it his way. It's my money, and i layed out my terms to begin with. Won't return calls or money. Thief. Floating lotus should have returned my call to help but didn't .
5	I've taken several classes at this yoga studio with different instructors. I am never disappointed! The variety in the classes keep me engaged and wanting more. The instructors are absolutely wonderful and push me out of my comfort zone while always maintaining a grounded and peaceful space to practice. The studio itself has beautiful energy and light. This is the studio you want if you are looking for not only a physical workout but also a place to add to your spiritual practice.
