5	The quality and amount of food you receive for the price you pay is EXCELLENT.  I was stuffed from lunch (bento box) and had enough for dinner that night.  Every dish I've had is well prepared and flavorful.  Some entrees combine Thai, Japanese, Chinese and/or Vietnamese influences, which is really interesting.  The sushi bar also offers a wide selection.  Try the potstickers and golden tofu...delish!  The servers are nice, and the owners also make it a point to come out and talk to patrons.  This is a good place for a quick business lunch or a family dinner.
3	They do try to please after new owners took over from Wasabi Cafe with menu & decor change.  They really deserve 3.5 stars but not quite as good as prior & presentation not as beautiful as it was so it's hard when you've been going to the above mentioned.  Tom Ka Kai soup $2.99, sushi price is on par with other places and, we asked them to make a dessert taco & cucumber roll with no rice that wasn't on the menu but it was a little agonizing.
3	Three and a half stars. Nice clean environment. Happy hour is a good  enough reason to check it out. Half off apps and some sushi included.Had the chicken lemongrass which was very flavorful! The pad seeew was non traditional- think stir fry.  But then again it is originally a Chinese-influenced stir fried noodle dish.  I was indifferent about that dish. The basil calamari was also on the short list.
4	I ventured here with a friend a few weeks ago and got the Bento box lunch with spicy basil chicken. It was perfect! The amount of food, the taste, the non- premade sushi roll, the freshness, and most of all the price. I got a copy of the sushi menu after I noticed that they have AYCE for $19.99 for lunch, and vowed to come back and try it. I returned here Wednesday 2/17 to find a closed restaurant. My guests and I arrived at 11am ( the time they open) to find the place dark, locked up and nobody inside. I hope this place didn't close, but it's understandable I guess in this economy.
3	Been driving past this restaurant for awhile, but when my roommate was looking for a place to eat for dinner, we ended up here.The restaurant wasn't very busy when we arrived at around 7:50pm on a weekday night.  Since I snacked earlier, I didn't want to try their AYCE.  I ended up ordering their Pad See Ew (Thai-style stir-fried wide noodles), which came out hot (always a plus) and was overall good tasting.  However, all the Pad See Ew I have ever ordered in the past were made with a little eggs, and gravy, which this version didn't have (which in my opinion is more like a Chinese Chow Fan and not Pad See Ew).My roommate ordered the Bento Box, which seems like an excellent value.  I didn't try her dinner, but it looked delicious, and she said it was very good.Service was nice and friendly, but we were not very demanding and the restaurant unfortunately was not busy at the time.If I am in the mood for AYCE sushi and trying out a new place, I will definitely consider checking out this place in the future.
3	So two of my friends invited my to go eat at this spot. I never been and I figured since they have a early happy hour 3-6pm why not try it. I ordered the Fried Salt and Pepper chicken and that was pretty delicious. The sauce that came with it was perfect! I wasn't too impressed with the salmon and the unagi sushi that I ordered. You can tell it wasnt fresh but it still tasted decent. We had the Hamachi sashimi with jalepenos and that was pretty on point! Not bad for a spot to have a chill spot with your friends on a Monday, plus the lady serving us was very nice. We sat in the patio area which was a bit different from your usual sushi restaurant because normally id be at the bar or inside dinning in, so the it gave it a different feel which was quite nice. Over all id recommend this if you want to do an early happy hour for sushi!
5	I love using Yelp for finding great locations but have never had one that I thought I should report on until now.Thai Wasabi is an amazing Thai place. I recently lived in Thailand and it does an excellent job of bringing it to America. The food is very high quality. It is not a quickie Chinese food dive. All the dishes are detailed with flavors, vegetables, and sides.  I travel to Vegas a few times a month and stop in each time. They are very friendly and aim to please. I have had a wide variety of the menu; 4 entrees, 4 appetizers and a few soups. All detailed with a bouquet of flavors. They allow me to order partial appetizers (half orders) to fit it all in.It is a destination for me when I am in town. I am sure you will be happy and it may become a destination for you.Note, I have never had the sushi. Its a Thai place, why would I order Japanese.
2	When I go to a sushi bar whether on or off the strip, I expect decent sushi, something that will make me say "mm" at least.  Although this restaurant is a fusion place with bento boxes, curries, thai food and sushi, the 4 star rating enticed us to try a different sushi bar for once this year, and so we did.The ambiance bright and fresh with lime green walls and brown seating arrangements.  There are two sushi bars, although one was clearly not in use.  A nice older lady who probably owns the place was seating and waiting tables.  We wanted nothing but sushi, so we sat at the bar, pulled a paper and started ordering.We were excited to see Vietnamese lumpia as an appetizer and ordered it, along with a few rolls and sushi, with one sashimi plate.  Here's how it went:Lumpia: bu****it.  Greasy, chewy (what egg roll or lumpia is ever chewy!?) and tasted nothing but lemongrass.  That was not a good start.Tempura roll: the sauce was way too sweet and heavy.  It overly crunchy, too, which, coming from me is just plain weird to say.Yellowtail sashimi: the quality of the fish is poor, so this was disappointing.  It tasted like the fish was out for a few days before serving.  Although the sauce was okay, it wasn't enough to save the dish.Vegas roll: forgettable.  It was bland and didn't stand out.Chicken tempura roll: Okay.  I admit that I love fried chicken anything, but I draw the line here.  I don't know of any other sushi bars that have chicken tempura on their roll list, and now I know why.  That's all I have to say about that.Overall, it was a depressing lunch and I couldn't even break a smile when it was time to leave.  We bagged our leftovers and trashed it outside to be polite.  I'll be honest--I have no clue as to why this place has such high reviews, but apparently their thai food is better than their sushi.  If you are looking for sushi, stay away from here.  It will break your heart.
5	At first, we were wary of this place since it was a bit hidden.  It's a small Asian restaurant and the staff is friendly.  My daughter loves the Sriacha Beef and the Mongolian Beef is excellent as well.  We feel comfortable eating
5	Great food quality, fast, friendly service, and great variety. Don't miss this if you are looking for Thai of the strip. The lemongrass chicken is awesome.
