5	I went to this office today with my children to get glassesfor them.the staff and the doctors were very friendly and helpful. i highly recomend this wonderful office.
4	Had to find a new optometrist due to a change in insurance and Dr. Grant was the closest provider that accepted my insurance.  Office was quiet and staff was friendly.  There was a nice selection of magazines for the short wait.  Dr. Grant was very friendly and easy to talk to...very good experience.
2	I brought my entire family here. There are 5 of us. Dr. Grant is very nice, but his kindness does not over shadow the rudeness of the two ladies at the front desk. If Dr. Grant fires those two, I would definitely go back. In the meantime, I switched and took my entire family with me.
1	My review was deleted, so I must rewrite without naming names.Anyways, although Dr. Grant is friendly and makes you feel at ease, the staff is what caused me to find another office.  There is a certain non-gentleman there that accused me of trying to get a refund for contact lens that I had bought 3 months back (a 6 month supply).  I had just put on a brand new contact lens that morning and my right eye became blurry.  Of course I had to assume it was the contact lens because prior to putting it on, my eye was not blurry.  Fast forward, I dropped by, Dr. Grant was on lunch, so the non-gentleman was there.  I was very upset at the accusation.  Though there was a video camera, it does not have audio.  Oh I so wish it could record the conversation because his accusation upsets me so much, it was totally uncalled for.  I came back later to see Dr. Grant and upon checkup, reason for the blurriness was because the contact lens is not breathable enough for my eye, hence the infection.  I placed another order for a different brand, paid for it, and found myself another office to go to.Yes, the ladies that worked at the front are not very friendly.  One of them has very poor etiquette.  She doesn't treat you like patients, more like a sore thumb.  I believe they all know each other for a long time, because with that bad attitude at a different office, they would have been pushed out the door.Hate this office, would not recommend anyone to come here.  If this office is reading this, I hope you volunteer at Opportunity Village and learn something from the Clients.  They treat people better than you!  You horrible people.
1	I cannot stand the women Up at the front office. Matter of fact, my husband stopped going because of them. It is a very sad circumstance, that you cant see a good Dr. because you cant get passed the front.  We all have appts scheduled in October(to give them another shot). However, when I called today to verify, I got greeted with a snobby, dont want to be there, Im to good for you attitude.Well with that being said, they just lost three patients again. Sorry, Dr. Grant get rid of the circus in the front and we will be back.  People ask for referrals(because I work at a very populated local casiono), You do not have my referral.
4	I've never had any issues with the staff of this office. They were always wonderful, careful, thoughtful, and friendly. I would recommend them.
1	While Dr. Grant is great, his staff is rude.  It's not difficult to be nice to people especially when people are nice to you.  Whether I call to check the status of my children's glasses or like just now when I stopped by to pick them up, they are uncaring. I requested a copy of their prescriptions and the gentleman's response was "It's going to be awhile".  It's the way he said it that rubbed me the wrong way.  He made me feel like it was such an inconvenience. Just be nice! It's not that difficult.  A proper response, "Absolutely, give me a few moments" with a smile :) I was the only one in the office, mind you.  Anyways...Have a great day!
1	Front desk ladies are very rude and the gentleman that is always there is very strange.  I live up the street and it was convenient to take my child there, but next time, I will go somewhere else.  RUDE STAFF!
