5	One of the finest and most caring animal professionals on the planet. Reasonable rates and they listen to your concerns. Dr. Burke should be on your short list of preferred vets.
5	Best Vet ever!  No nonsense! No trumped up charges. Tells ya like it is. Awesome disposition. Genuine, sincere, considerate, caring personable demeanor.
5	My family has been using Dr. Burke for our pets since I was to young to remember. He has a great personality, is very knowledgeable and is great with the pets! His prices are fair and you can usually get an appointment within a week or sooner for emergencies. The offices are always clean, bright and the front desk staff is very friendly. We have brought Dogs, Cats and Birds to Dr. Burke.
5	Dr Burke is so caring and kind. His prices are more than fair. Our 11 year old got her teeth cleaned for $370. Other vets charge more than $1000 for the same thing. More than the money, I trust Dr Burke. Highly recommend him!
5	We were dog-sitting for friends when the worst happened...the dog dislocated his hip jumping from the back to front seat of the car!  Thankfully we had the family vet's info and Dr. Burke got us right in.  We were warned it was a bad injury and perhaps not repairable without surgery and tendon repair, but Dr Burke was able to relocate the hip into the socket while the dog was under anesthesia (this is a big deal!). Took two weeks of restricted activity for the joint to heal.  Throughout all this we were, of course, anxious and concerned, to put it mildly, and expected the cost of all this to be off the charts!  So here's the review part....we were only charged for the meds and anesthesia required for the operation...not for Dr. Burke's normal ER consult or surgical fee.  He even loaned us a kennel for the recuperation period!  It did cost, but he knew we were dog-sitting for his little patient and unprepared for major medical costs, and he did his best to help.  And throughout  the whole ordeal, he was caring, concerned and supportive.  Wow!  (And yes, the owners did reimburse us, but still we were very impressed.)
5	I have been going to Dr. Burke for close to 20 years. I even followed him from his Mesa location out to Gilbert. He is incredible with animals and over the years has provided care to our dogs, cats, and a bird along the way! He is reasonably priced, everyone in the office is great, and he is fair and honest. He will tell you what all your options are, not just the ones that will make him the most money! He has done 2 surgeries over the years on my pets, once removing an eye because of valley fever and once removing kidney stones. Both were well done, in which he told us exactly what to expect and how to care for the animal. I highly recommend Dr. Burke to anyone! He is the vet for the whole family, both daughters and my granddaughter use him!
5	Best Vet I've ever had.  Truly caring and compassionate. I left my last vet due to ridiculous and expensive tests they always wanted to run for the simplest things. Felt like they were just out to make money. Dr. Burke is not like that at all.  We are so happy we found him after being referred to him by another of his happy clients!  Highly recommend him!
