5	This place is kind of like Panera Bread without the pretentious feel.  I really liked this place, they have a very friendly staff and good service.  Plus the food is out of this world.  Their cesar salad is a great addition to any meal and their sandwiches are quite impressive.I have to mention that their chocolate spoon cake is not for the weak of stomach.  It is very thick and rich and has been known to cause spasms in those with a low chocolate tolerance.  But if you are up to the challenge, my fellow chocoholics, it will certainly give you the high you've been jonesing for.
4	The spuds here are huge, oh my lord are they genetically modified crops or what?  Honestly, I don't care because they are great!  The service is friendly; everyone greets you with a smile.  Back to these spuds though, they are loaded with different types of cheeses, vegetables, sour cream, and salsa.  It is a real feat to eat one of these in a sitting, so you get your moneys worth.  I recommend the Grilled Cheese as well.  You choose three different types of cheeses and the bun.  Overall, it was a great eating experience.
1	Been here 3 times, each time the same experience: uncaring staff, poor service, and low-quality food. Each time I went, the general manager was sitting at the same table, drinking a soda and reading the paper. It is absolutely clear he does not care at all about the business, and is just there to collect a paycheck. My advice is to go to the site at Ballantyne Village; they have much better food, atmosphere and service. The Blakeny location is a lost cause, in my opinion.
5	Good Place
1	If I could give this McAlister's Deli ZERO stars, I would. I had the worst experience ever here today. I met with my boyfriend here for dinner today and was extremely disappointed. 1. Walked in and had to wait for almost 10 minutes to have our order taken. There was not a line. There were plenty of people. But they were "busy" doing drinks and putting together orders. We were standing right up front. They saw us, didn't say anything like "we'll be with you in a minute or anything". The restaurant WAS NOT busy/slammed by any means. I am very understanding with this kind of stuff usually but this was just ridiculous and very rude. 2. Okay, so we order, and we both order sweet teas. The guy says the sweet tea is being made and it'll be ready in a minute. But, he gives me a cup of sweet tea that I guess was at the bottom of the barrel. Thanks pal. So my boyfriend doesn't have a drink and we sat down. I joked that his drink will get here after his food and we laughed it off thinking it will be brought to us within minutes. Welp, 15 minutes goes by. We get our food. STILL NO DRINK. We had to remind the young man about the drink and he said it'll be a couple minutes. My boyfriend even said he would take a Coke instead because he was thirsty and the young man said to just wait it'll be ready soon. OKAY...... So 5 minutes later we get our tea. ...... AFTER we are half way through with our meal... Are you serious? No apologies or anything for the wait.... by the way. Besides the fact that they completely skimped me on my mac and cheese and gave it to me in a "to go" container... not in a bowl like they usually do when you dine in.... the food was good. Last time I visited my mac and cheese was so cold it was gross but I hate to be a pain and I didn't say anything and just ate it thinking it was just a one time thing. This place has gone WAY WAY DOWN HILL. My $17 was thrown away today. I usually don't like complaining but this was just too bad not to say anything. I would NOT recommend this McAlister's Deli to anyone. It's a shame because I work in the same shopping center and will not be able to bring myself to return. I love McAlister's in general.....so that sucks. :-/
4	A couple days ago, I was contacted by the new manager at this location. Apologizing for my poor experience on 7/15 and promising it's getting better. I went there yesterday to see if this was true. I was very happy to see that it was. Whatever the management is doing here, it's working. We were greeted and orders were taken in a reasonable time. Got BOTH drinks with our order before going to our table and the food arrived within minutes. The food was great, as usual. The mac and cheese was still brought to us in a "to go" container... we asked one of the girls why they're using that instead of an actual bowl... she said she was unsure but she hasn't seen them using bowls in a long time. Okay..... that was my only complaint but that's just me being picky. :) We were approached several times during our meal asking about refills..how our food was... and if we needed to go boxes. THANK YOU! Everyone was really nice and I appreciated the great service that we were given. We had a great time and we will be back. Well worth the money and the second chance. I hope the great customer service stays. :)
5	Much better than Panera bread! Better atmosphere and food was delicious!! Wednesday night kids eat free at this location!!
2	Been to this location twice and am underwhelmed.  Not nearly as busy as other locations and they still seem to be behind.  Today it was dirty (tables and floor) and as we were sitting down someone promised to come back and wipe down the table.  It looked like it had been eaten at a couple of times without being cleaned up.  We waited about 10 minutes and then decided to clean it up ourselves.  Our food came and the French dip was pretty decent.  Lots of roast beef, decent roll, plenty of au jus for dipping.  Taste was good.  The club sandwich, on the other hand, was the second strike in a row for me.  The bread is so-so wheat bread.  I'd compare it to housebrand wheat bread at a grocery store.  There was a decent amount of ham on it.  There was enough turkey for me to be able to say that there was turkey on it, but just barely.  And I did find a scrap of bacon on one corner of the sandwich.  In other words, it was basically a ham sandwich on crappy bread.  Clearly, they have no idea what a club sandwich is supposed to look like.  We got the potato salad which was decent.  The fruit cup was a joke.  Two grapes, two small pieces each of pineapple, cantaloupe and honeydew.  At other McAlister's the food is better, the place is cleaner and the service is better.  At the Arboretum there's usually somebody coming by twice during our meal to fill drinks, check on things, etc.  At this location, nada.  Second time nobody has come by.  It's closer at times but it's clear there are better places to go.Shortly after posting this I got an offer for 2 free meals from their manager.  Nice that they care to reach out but why not turn things around FIRST.  I mean, did they suddenly correct their cleaning issue?  What about the "fruit bowl"?  Do you suddenly now get more than a couple of small pieces of several kinds of fruit?  Or do they now fill the tiny bowl?  Not sure I will take their offer but if I do, I will update this review.
2	Although a frequent another McAlister's, this is my 1st time at this location and the service was extremely disappointing. And, after receiving such bad service at the counter I got the wrong sandwich, ugh..And, after waiting almost 30 minutes. Yes, it was noon, but seriously. 30 minutes for a cup of soup and 1/2 sandwich. Crazy!I ordered the chicken tortilla soup, which was good, I got three tortilla chips on the side. I asked some extra chips and was told I needed to pay $1.00.  Seriously? First off, I have always received more than three chips at the other McAlisters and to be charged $1.00 for something that should have been included with my soup, so sorry. I will definitely not rush back to this McAlister's location.
