4	Hadn't heard of Lomito before I tried them during Little Italy Days in August. I believe I had pork cubes covered in chimichurri on a Kaiser roll. While I can't remember the exact dish, I remember walking away impressed and that "Lomito" would be a name to remember. Since August, Lomito has moved into Fukuda's old space at 4740 Liberty Ave. I stopped in here today for lunch and had the Manchito special. The Lomito Manchito (aka el Disastro): organic sirloin, provolone, fried egg, ham, avocado, bacon, chimichurri, lettuce and tomato on a Kaiser roll. For $3 more, I got the combo, ordering the feijoada (rice and beans with tomato vinaigrette) and a freshly prepared limonada (fresh squeezed lemons, mint and simple syrup.)Everything was very good. The sirloin was thin and well done; I'd prefer to see it a little more rare. The bacon was also a bit crispy for my taste. Still, both of these are matters of personal preference. The feijoada was very tasty for being nothing more than rice and beans with tomato and onions. The limonada was prepared front of house (where the sushi chefs used to work). It was refreshing, the floating mint leaves giving it a taste that cannot be mimicked by a manufactured syrup. Not yet fully staffed, Lomito is only open M-F, 11a-7p. The manager informed me that dinner hours are coming within a matter of weeks. Meat is sourced through DJ's Butcher's Block, just down the street, and bread comes from Breadworks on the North Side. Liberty has bar food, albeit most of it pretty decent, in spades. Liberty also has Japanese in Ginza and obviously a couple solid Italian joints, Del's notably NOT one of them. Lomito is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. I look forward to coming back. Give it a try and spread the word.
5	The Lomito Truck's delicious sandwiches take me back to my study aboard days in South America. In Argentina, you can find Lomitos in local greasy spoon joints as a late night bite.  I remember a spot near my house that was essentially a garage, but had some of the best meat sandwiches I have ever tasted (and also gave me some of the worst food poisoning... Alas the perils of life abroad.) Lomito takes me back to that time, albeit without the unnecessary gastrointestinal issues. The truck (and now brick and mortar location on Liberty Ave) offers an array of South American dishes including Lomitos, rice and beans, pork sandwiches, and grilled corn. On my past two trips to the truck I've stuck with the always fantastic Lomito Completo: a flank steak sandwich topped with ham, provolone, tomato, fried egg, chimmi churri, and mayo. The sandwich is unwieldy, and I suggest you eat it in one sitting, lest the delicious ingredients fall apart. The flavors compliment each other to create a gooey, messy pile of sandwich that I usually only dream about. The sandwich does take time to make, and I suggest once you have it in your hands you sit somewhere and concentrate on eating it. This isn't the kind of food truck meal you can nosh on absentmindedly. Now that Lomito has a store front, I won't have to roam the streets in search of a food truck to get my South American snack fix.
