5	Christie was warm, friendly, and most importantly, a great stylist. She listened to what I wanted (which rarely happens), did a fabulous job with my curly hair (again, quite rare), charges a reasonable amount (hard to find in the East valley, and is LGBTQ friendly, making her my new go-to stylist to recommend to people. Additionally, her salon is clean, well kept, with easy (and free) parking, and nearby other shopping, eateries, etc. I only cut my hair twice a year or so, but I know I'll be back!
1	This was the worse experience I've ever had with a salon. First when I called to schedule my Brazilian Keratin treatment the girl in the phone says that she would charge me a extra fee because my hair was too long. Keep in mind that she has never seen my hair and my hair length is a little below my shoulder. Then in the first appointment, I get there to learn that Sam, isn't there, she was "sick", I reschedule my appt. Next week comes in and for my surprise she wasn't there AGAIN!!! I was so sick of this I couldn't believe it!I read the 2 reviews before I bought it and thought to give this place a chance Bad mistake! I wasted my time, and all I got out of this was frustration! And it looks like the person that wrote the first review was Sam herself!STAY AWAY!!!!!!
1	No customer service skills!  SCAM ARTIST!
2	Went for a mani/pedi on a Groupon which included a glass of champagne, but my person (Gary) said they did not do that anymore. Then he made no attempt to hide a conversation with a customer who said she had been trying to schedule an appointment but was not getting return calls. In essence, he insisted she was wrong and that he always calls people back. While he was doing my nails he talked about all his girlfriends and relationships and ended up coming off as superficial and selfish (which was too bad because he is not a young man). He tried to tell me that I shouldn't get the type of gel manicures I always get, but when I said they have served me well the past 4 years, he backed off and said my nails were in good shape. He would not shave off the existing gel (saying it was bad for my nails) and instead gave me a mani with regular polish over my old gel. Overall, I thought there lacked some professionalism, and he should have honored the deal I bought by providing a glass of champagne! Would have taken the edge off.
