2	I was pretty displeased with service here during lunch time the other day. While I know it gets hard to keep up with orders when it is so busy, the worker barely put anything in my naked burrito bowl and nothing looked fresh. It tasted bland and made me never want to come back to Qdoba again. The tortilla soup was alright, but it's pre-made, so that's a given. Meh.
1	Went in Sunday to grab a burrito and was told their rice cooker was broken... So no rice, I had to have salad as a base for my burrito.  The chicken was cold and beans undercooked.  The flavors and quality of the food are just not nearly as good as Chipotle.  This is not even a reasonable substitute, especially at this location.  Never again.
1	Visit #1: They shampooed the carpets during dinner rush; more than one person slipped.Visit #2: They blocked off one garbage can while the other overflowedVisit #3: All the empty tables were dirtyVisit #4: Just kidding. I'm not a glutton for punishment
2	I ordered a steak burrito.  Turned out that there was hardly a scoop of steak left.  Kid behind the counter asked if that would be good enough.  No.  So they had to make more steak, because of course they didn't think anyone else at 6 o'clock would order steak, and saw no need to make more upon running low.  Also, the rice wasn't cooked all the way.2 stars only because they were friendly.
1	was there 9/27/2014 in evening.  Place was dirty, I should have known better from the start.  Ordered a BBQ Burrito and my GF ordered Beef Wrapped Burrito.   The workers acted as if they couldnt wait to go home, just could care less.  the food looked bad, originally was going for steak but was so dried out it should have been thrown away.  Make a long story short two days later and we both do not feel good.  we have been fighting over the bathroom since we ate there. that bad honestly. probably the worst I have had in few years, needless to say I will never go back to that one, or any of them.
3	I know this place has a ton of terrible reviews, but none of my experiences have been nearly has bad. I work in the area and am obsessed with the chicken tortilla soup, so I visit here whenever I am able to get out. I have eaten in and taken out. I have never found the place to be extremely dirty, or anything gone wrong while I've been there. The only downfall is that service is typically extremely slow. Even if there is a line, there is no sense of urgency from the staff. They have always been extremely friendly, just not in any rush to get people out the door. So all in all, it's not a terrible place to eat. Love the food and I couldn't live without the chicken tortilla soup!!
