5	Chef Lucciano Pelligrini recently won a James Beard award. What for? He got it for being the man behind the best italian restaurant west of the mississippi. The food here is subliminal. Also, if you can manage to come here for the annual truffle fest... wow.
2	We made reservations for this restaurant and somehow got seated in the grill part of the restaurant with a different menu.  The appetizers and desserts were good, but all of the entrees I tried were a bit overcooked and not very inspiring.  Make sure you're in the correct part of the restaurant, since the other reviewer made this place sound awesome.
5	Its been 1 year almost to the date that we were last in Las Vegas dining at Valentino.We are STILL talking about the cracker-thin pizza crust that was oh-so-delicious!  (Its a MUST try)I had a simple entree of Fettuccini Alfredo, but it was the best EVER!We had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere.After your finished with your meal - try your luck at Blackjack...I just love the Venetian!
4	Wowwowowowowow.  4.75 stars!!  My boyfriend and I chose to dine off the price fixe menu (choose a starter and entree).  I've rarely seen such unique offerings (black spaghetti with steamed garli muscles or pumpkin napoleans- both divine), enjoyed such impeccable service, and felt so far from the glitz and noise of the strip while in Vegas.  The food was cooked perfectly, and the starters so filling that I barely made a dent in my entree.    It's pricey (200 for 2 without cocktails or wine).  The only reason Valentino's looses 1/4 of a star is because of the riddiculous corkage fee. I understand their collection is acclaimed by Wine Spectator, but we chose to bring our own bottle for a reason.  A $40 corkage is pretty out of line, even in the sommelier did keep our glases constantly filled.
4	Great food etc but didn't Wow me like I thought it should, especially for the bill total.Wine prices in Vegas are Ricockulous too!  The Barbaresco was good, but not $100+ good by any means.  It did open up nicely and improved as the meal went on. Split gnocchi as app, which was a great idea, although I was a little suprised it wasn't split for us, in the back or tableside (they gave us extra plates, but left us to divide the portions).  Had veal entree which was delicious, and the halibut special, a wonderful recommendation.The chocolate ravioli dessert didn't impress me either; basically flash fried mini chocolate filled crepes - expected something more substantial.  The mint sauce was nice & light & the berries fresh.Also had to flag down for water a time or two and never felt pampered...waiter seemed to disappear for periods of time.I would say overall this review is about a 3.75 in reality.
5	LOVED THIS PLACE!.  The service was awesome and the food was great.  For a precourse I had the tuna tartare which was terrific and one of my friends chose the pasta with black truffles and that was outstanding.  My main course was halibut and that was perfectly cooked.  My other friend ordered the lamb and it was awesome...and I don't even eat lamb.  Wine list was a little on the expensive side but a definite must.  I'd go back again.*I love the Venetian and with Valentinos in it, I love it even more!
4	OK, let me break it down for you, dawg:- Great gourmet dinner.  Lots of little touches and unique offerings.  We went with the prix fixe offering, and weren't disappointed.  It included a swordfish involtini, a great eggplant dish, and a wonderful lamb dish with a crust of several nuts.  The lamb was outstanding.- Service was very good, though perhaps a bit snooty.- Wine list.  Probably the best we've ever seen...it is a Grand Award winner from Wine Spectator.  We're talking a tome for the wine list, and this includes a choice of several vintages of the same wine.  That's really quite impressive.- Way pricey.  Ok, it is Vegas.  However, there are other fantastic places on the strip where you may be able to get a comparable meal for $100 less.- Ambience.  I would say it was nice and intimate, but not super memorable.  For a Vegas restaurant, it probably actually falls short.- Overall.  Yeah, a definitely positive experience.  Overprices for the overall experience, but still great nonetheless.  If you are a wine hound and have the time for a lengthy dining experience, you may enjoy this restaurant a lot.
4	Lunch here?  Very typical, spotty service (waiter seemed spacey), and my pasta was a bit too bland (orchette).Dinner?  Completely different story.I came here for a private dinner and the service, the wine and the tasting menu put together for us was absolutely divine.I had couscous that made me want to cry, lobster canneloni that made me want to...cry,  chilean sea bass that made me want to...you get the picture.  If I hadn't been surrounded by collegues I would have been one gigantic mess, a puddle on the floor.I love food and I love it when it is spot on and when it's interesting without being flat out weird.I don't know why lunch was so off?Edit:  I think I figured it out.  I had no idea there were 2 sections of the restaurant.  For lunch, we sat in the bar-like area where the service was "eh" and the food was "eh".I imagine they have 2 seperate kitchens for the private dining and the bar area.
5	For my birthday one year, I made reservations at Valentino, which was at one point voted to be the number one resteraunt in America by Forbes.  Needless to say, my friends and I were totally excited to eat there.  I don't know what I can say about Valentino that will do it justice.  The food was FABULOUS.  Two of my friends ordered the seven course meal with the wine tasting, which included a rack of lamb that they still rave about to anybody who will  -- two entire years later.Personally, I took advantage of the little side note on the menu that said that the chef would accomodate diners in any possible way -- so, I made up a special four-course vegetarian friendly meal on the spot for the other vegetarian and and myself, which included potato leek soup, penne pasta with arrabiata sauce and capers, gnochi in a sweet tomato sauce, and then pumpkin-filled ravioli with white truffles.    I am without a doubt an Italian food connoisseur, and everything I had was among the best I've ever tasted.  The service was impeccable.  The entire meal was to die for.   In particular, I loved one of the dessert wines that was served with the (amazingly perfect) chocolate souffle.  I can't even begin to describe the experience.  Valentino was world-class.
5	I'm not sure if there is a point to writing this review . . . On the one hand, Valentino's is a stunning restaurant -- from it's location within the equally stunning Venetian Hotel, to the beautiful decor, to the amazingly delicious food.  On the other hand, we've never once seen a menu here . . . each time Lynn and I have been lucky enough to dine here, we've been seated and the food merely "arrives" at our table, along with wines for each course.  Is this the "regular" tasting menu?  I honestly don't know . . . if it is, or even if it isn't, the variety of dishes served to us over the coursse(s) of the evening -- each exquisitely done -- has me feeling confident when I say that everything on this menu is excellent.  I've never had a dish here that disappointed; indeed, everything has been not merely delicious -- and, come on, how can "delicious"  be described as "merely"? -- but each dish has surpassed our expectations . . . . Thank heavens I don't live in Vegas . . . there are now too many great restaurants there; I'd end up weighing 300 pounds . . . but Valentino's definitely continues to hold on to its spot as THE best Italian restaurant in this town, and one of my "Top Three" overall (along with Lotus of Siam and L'Atlelier de Joel Robuchon).* * * * *A final note:  "Good for Kids," as always, depends upon the kids themselves, and not the restaurant.  Our kids, who have grown up at places like Chez Panisse, would be thrilled with the food here; if your kids are still in the "pasta with butter and cheese" or "pasta with red sauce" phase, I have no doubt the restaurant can serve them, but I'm not sure this is the best choice for your kids' enjoyment.
3	I had been to Valentino in Santa Monica so while staying at the Venetian we decided to give it a try. I give the wine five stars, the service four stars and the food three stars. I went for the veal chop on the bone which was the special that night. It was excellent, tender and cooked to perfection. My wife had the lobster which she said was good but not great. She started with the gnocchi with truffles which I tasted and thought was the best thing that night. I started with the risotto with mushrooms and was disappointed. The risotto was overcooked and swimming in mushrooms.After a two hour meal, I wasn't shocked to see a bill for $250, but left wondering if I'd pay that kind of money for the quality of food and came to the realization that I probably would go elsewhere.
5	They have the best gnocchi I've ever had!  I have had gnocchi before and nothing else comes close.  The food here is very satisfying and the service is great as well.  Next time I'm at the Venetian, I'm going to try Pinot Brasserie next!
3	So, I went to Valentino's last weekend to celebrate my friend's bday.  There were 9 of us in the back room which was private and had nice decor.  I can't say that it's my favorite restaurant ever though, a few of us got the 7 course tasting menu and we just really weren't that impressed.  Yes, it included foie gras, and a yummy layered crab cake dish, but the rest of the dishes were just "ok".  I'd say that 3 out of the 7 dishes were good.  But for a $105 dollar tasting menu, that's not quite good enough for me.  I've had less expensive tasting menus at other restaurants where I can say that every single dish was absolutely amazing.  Unfortunately, I can't say that about Valentinos.  And at the end, one of the dishes was a cheese platter.  Everyone at the table smelled the cheese, and not in a good way.  Pros: Extensive wine list, nice decor, great serviceCons: Expensive, tasting menu was "ok" (not worth the price)
1	I ate here with my wife last night, and we heard great things about this restaurant so we tried it.  The service was terrible, and they will treat you like crap if you don't order a bottle of wine.  It was totally unacceptable for a restaurant to treat guests like this.  My wife is a vegetarian, and they created the most bland dish for her (after messing it up once and bringing out a second dish, which was also not correct).  Our server must have passed our table over 10 times without looking at us, and one of the kitchen staff came out and helped us way more than the waiter or his assistant.  When we complained to the manager, his response was sorry.  No offer to make things right or acknowledge his staff's rudeness.We skipped desert, paid our $120 bill for crappy food, service and a complete waste of time.  I would never go back, and I would highly recommend you skip this place.btw - 2 out of 3 people at the table next to us had to return their food too.
3	Promising tasting menu, until I got to the main course.I've been to many fancy restaurants before, but with the price I had to pay here (more than $150 per person), I would rather have my dining experience somewhere else. The 4 dish tasting menu consisted of a scrumptious seafood platter (fried banana shrimp, seared scallops, crab claw), aioli cheese ravioli sprinkled with truffles, the main course (roasted buffalo and lamb rib mixed with assorted vegetables, and a copious dessert platter.Everything was delicious except for the main course, which nobody on our table finished. I usually clean my entire plate when I eat at fancy restaurants serving tasting menus,  but this was the first time I wasn't able to (and not because I was full....) The combination of buffalo and lamb is just too extreme since both are tough (wild) meats. Also, the lamb was just too stanky. That's a -1 star.I also have to comment that the dishes lacked consistency more than a few times since everyone on our table seemed to be missing something that someone else had. That was a definite -1 star. If you're looking to eat something fancy but worth it, try booking elsewhere.
5	World's best lobster cannollini.  Oh my gosh.  It's been a few years since we've been to this restaurant, but I still remember my dish.  I don't know if they even have this entree anymore.  Chunks of fresh lobster meat rolled in a delicate homemade pasta.  A light creamy sauce completes the dish.  I don't think I've ever eaten so slowly as to prolong the meal.  The service was excellent.
4	I came here with my friend on a whim cause we were craving some italian food!  The food here was great!  There was no wait which was a plus and the staff there was very friendly!My friend and I both got a pasta dish and they were great! In both taste and portions!  The portions were more than enough!  We each both got a glass of wine and left each spending around $40 or so, which isn't bad at all!
5	very recommendable the $99 5 course trio set dinner combo a lil bit of everything of the whole menu which is a pretty good price i must say & a whole lot of food - 1st course is the appetizer 2nd pasta 3rd meat 4th fish & 5th dessert the best i think - lobster sausage is ok scallops r excellent pastas r ok - cheeses very good except goat & the best thing i liked about dessert was the chestnut ice cream , berry mousse & the penacotta excellent ! the only bad thing was that my tummy barely handled all that!!! can u lol
4	Like all things in Vegas, Valentino is overpriced.  That alone cost it the 5th star.  But also, like all things in Vegas, the food, service, and decor were well above average.I dined here in the early evening of cinco de mayo weekend with a friend.  We were seated right away and service began in the blink of eye.The wine-by-the-glass list was looong.  Sadly it started at $13, and quickly ramped up to $25+ (the top glass was $63 - and I'm no fainting violet when it comes to paying for good wine, but this made be blanch a bit).I ordered the Pinot Noir, which was delightful with it's dark berry flavors, light easy start and finish - so basically tasted like a well aged Napa valley Cabernet Savignon.We ordered the equivalent to fried Mozzarella as one of the appetizers, but you have never had fried cheese like this.  The breading was light and crispy and the marinara was smooth, and garlic-y with even more cheese blended inside.The salad, on the other hand, was a disappointment.  it was supposed to be mixed greens, mushrooms with a honey mustard dressing, but it came out dry dry dry, and the mushrooms looked like they had literally come frorm a can.  No porchini or other unusual mushroom types.The big surprise though, came with dinner.  On a lark  (it was not on the menu in any way, shape or form), I asked for angel hair with seasonal vegetables in 'pink' sauce...and they made it for me!  And it was wonderful in both the pasta, and veggie components (I counted at least 5 different vegetable types) not to mention the  sauce.My friend got the lasagna, and I have to tell you, i was so busy with the angel hair, I didn't even remember to ask.  No coffee, and no dessert...too full.  We did get a large bill: $120.  that feels like a lot for pasta, salads, etc...Otherwise the restaurant was impeccable.  Good service, Good food, speedily delivered.
5	SO expensive, but seriously so so delish. Go on an expense account because otherwise you may leave a little peeved if the money comes out of your pocket =) If you are into upscale Italian food and great wine, this is a great spot for a romantic, sexy, delicious dinner...maybe best for a special occasion like an anniversary or birthday. Awesome service and beautiful decor.
3	maybe i just didn't try the more expensive foods or something because I think this place is average. I liked how the breads came really fast as starters. But the waiter was really slow. My bf ordered a spicy spaghetti with meatballs pasta and i ordered the potato gnocchi. the entrees came really fast. we were just tasting the breads when they already came out. The portions are indeed big. I only finished half of mines and my bf finished about 3/4 of his. The gnocchi was something new that i have never tried in my life. It tasted alright. A bit mushy, but it tasted good when it was hot. My bf said his pasta was not spicy at all and it tasted like a normal spaghetti. I tasted some of his and agreed with him. our bill was $32  plus $3 tip.
5	My boyfriend and I went to Las Vegas for a "romantic getaway" this week. We asked for a guide to restaurants in Las Vegas because I was craving Italian. We found Valentino's and it was recommended that we make a reservation for the "Fine Dining" section of the restaurant. We get to the restaurant, and they walk us past the bar, past a group of tables, and into a back room. It seemed like we left one restaurant and walked into a completely different one. Our host pulled my chair out before I sat down and laid my napkin in my lap for me. (1 star) Shortly after, we were greeted by our waiter who offered us a choice of several different waters, indluding tap hahaha. He also brought us the wine menu, and we chose a glass of Merlot, which he was so efficient in bringing us, along with the dinner menu. The menu in this restaurant is absolutely amazing. Very expensive of course, but the food was incredible, and worth the price. I ordered a crab, scallop, and lemon olive oil Risotto and my boyfriend ordered a well done steak. His steak was so tender, he cut it with a butter knife, and my risotto was perfectly seasoned. I give the other stars because our waiter, Thomas, who knew each dish on the menu like the back of his hand, made any effort to see to it that we had the best time :)If you havent eaten here yet and care about the quality of food and service, I highly recommend eating at this restaurant. If you have eaten here, but not in the "fine dining" section, and care about the quality of food and service,  I also recommend it. If not, I'm sure a nice double cheeseburger from McDonalds will do.
5	After a week of fine dining in LV, I honestly did not think any place can top what I had already. I was wrong! We were seated at a corner big table. The server was super attentive, very professional, yet not snobbish. We did not order any appetizers. Here's what we ordered: Gnocchi in cream sauce with rabbit sausage, risotto with crab meat, pork loin with mashed potatoes, lobster ravioli, and the kobe steak that's not on the menu. Everything was so delicious. Very rich and creative. I had kobe and wagyu beef before, but this one so far is the best, the meat does not require chewing, it MELTS in my mouth!! My sister picked up the tab and would not show us the bill, but I thought I saw $300 for two orders. Thanks, sis!!
1	i dont know if im super spoiled from eating in san francisco all the time or what. but i thought this place was terrible. as soon as i got in, you could definitely sense some attitude from the servers.  if the food is good, i really wouldn't mind or care. i ordered the scallop special as a starter and got a sweet potato tortelloni with shortribs from their tasting menu.  was also able to try stuff off their regular menu such as the pork, veal, salmon and desserts. the food was very underwhelming. i usually spare no expense when it comes to food, and pay very little attention to my bills usually. but this place was just ridiculous. it was marked up because of its vegas location. even without the markups, the food would have been nowhere near worth the price. the flavors were very bland and did not contrast well as i would expect fine foods to. there was nothing surprising about the flavors out of every dish i tried.  actually, there were even parts of my pasta that were not fully cooked. im a huge fan of the al dente, but hard pasta is not good in my opinion. maybe i went on an off night.  food aside, having the staff trying to push every little charge on you isnt my idea of a nice experience.in addition, my friend asked for sorbet for dessert. they gave her 2 or 3 scoops of fruit sorbet for $16.....i don't know about that.
3	There seems to be only one listing for this place here on Yelp, but to be accurate (as some others have noted) there are two places, the fancier and pricier Valentino and the more casual and cheaper Grill @ Valentino, we were considering taking in the fine dining option, but after viewing the menu, we just weren't feeling anything, so we went with the grill.Service was a bit spotty, our waiter brought our water and immediately  asked about our wine selection, before we had gotten a chance to view the list. Then, after bringing us our appetizer and salad course, was nowhere to be found when we wanted to order entrees. The food, however, was very good. This place boasts one the best alfredo sauces I've had on the strip, and while it's not a particularly fancy option, it's something that many places don't do that well. Caesar salad was crisp and light and everything was generally what you'd expect from a casual italian place
5	we were stayin in the venetian and wanted to go out to a nice  Vegas dinner somewhere convenient before Tao, so decided on Valentino. Seriously best veal chops hands down.Well worth the  $70. Plus, it was so big and i was already getting a little full from the appetizers and bread that i got to take it home and it at around 5:00am became the best drunken meal i've ever had!
5	First thing is first.  Pay the extra money and do the fine dining, not the Grill.  It's worth every penny and your just gonna lose the extra $50 or so dollars you'll pay in slots anyway.  You might as well enjoy your dinner and get more value for the money, right?Now to the restaurant:The Decor is beautiful.  Very refined, very fine dining. Candle light, and large enough booths.Food:  The rabbit gnocchi is out of this world good.  Unbeleivable.  I asked the waiter if there was anyway they could make me the best Veal parm ever, even though it was not on the menu.  The waiter responded of course and he was right.  it was fabulous, especailly considering the chef threw it together with no warning.  They served it along side a perfectly done pasta with chantrel mushrooms.  The food was wonderful, the service was great, the wine list was excellant.  I can't give this restaurant high enough marks.  This is the best restaurant I've ever been too, and I've been to some good ones!
4	did 'The Grill at Valentino' for lunch.i thought this place was awesome! the service was wonderful - its rare to get a waiter who is THAT attentive (wish i got his name...). we had less than 40mins for lunch (we had a seminar to attend) and our waiter advised us on what would be the most time efficient to order, got the food to us super ASAP, and had the bill ready and waiting. and despite all of our rushing, he still managed to ask us periodically if we needed anything. and the food was excellent!  they had this onion bread that was super tasty. the linguine alfredo was al dente and perfect. definitely not heavy on the sauce. i ordered mine with chicken, but it can be done with shrimp too. tried some of the gnocchi in bolognese sauce and that was awesome too (but im also in love with gnocchi at the moment! might have to marry it). my friend, however, thought the sauce was a little on the heavy side.according to these mixed dinner reviews, im definitely sticking to this place for lunch =)
2	I didn't have access to yelp because monte carlo had no free wifi.. BOOO.. so my friend helped me out with yelping so we ended up picking Valentino at the Venetian.  It is right at the walkway going into the palazzo and in front of the cashier area of the venetian if you have a hard time finding it!Don't be confused!  There's the fine dining area in the back and the GRILL area in the front of the restaurant so take your pick!  The menus are indeed quite different.. The Grill is BASIC pasta italian food... i mean if you are in the mood for spaghetti and meatballs? you might as well spend another 6 bucks for the fine dining pasta dish.. and that is what we did.Decor: we were a bit confused.. what was it exactly supposed to be? it was just shades of dark blue/brown/shiny dark red walls.. and some long mirrors at the top of the ceiling.. oo hey! we can see ourselves up top! I don't know what the decorators were really thinking to be honest with you...There's no specific theme to the place or anything. Dark lighting in the front and in the back...romantic is not a word i would describe this place at all.Space: the fine dining area is a back room.. it isn't that big at all.. maybe max 15 tables? a hallway leads to the front room where it is a bit more spacy.. I guess they like to hide us fine diners in the back?Service: very good and accommodating. Our waiter was very friendly and attentive. He helped us with some recommendations and made sure things were alright at all times with us.Food: Average Italian food. I think i expected a bit more out of this place. The food wasn't bad but nothing too special!  I had the black pasta with carbonara sauce which consisted of bacon and sea urchin and shrimp.. It was a bit bland for my taste so i ended up adding some salt to the dish.  It came in a bowl sized dish which was interesting.  My friends and i were trying to taste and spot the sea urchin pieces but I think there was just too much bacon or they just didn't add any sea urchin in there for me to taste it!  I also tried other dishes there which were the "fra diavolo" prawns with angel hair pasta sauce ( it was a bit spicy and basic ), and the lamb chops with gnocchi pasta on the side.  The meat was very good and fell right off the bones..Dessert: Best part of my meal. the chocolate souffle. The waiter said it would take about 30 minutes to make so we ordered it at the beginning of our dinner.  We still had to wait about 10-15 minutes for it to come out though after we were done with our entrees.  I love the vanilla bean custard when it is poured into the souffle center.  It was very good. not too chocolatey or too sweet.  On the other hand, The chocolate ice cream on the side was TOO chocolatey for me.. I hate dark chocolate! In conclusion, i don't think i will be coming back here...
4	Pretty amazing Italian cuisine can be found at this beautiful and romantic restaurant in the lobby of the Venetian Hotel and Casino.When I stayed here in 2006 I had walked by this place about 500 times before I finally decided to make reservations and have my final meal of the trip here.For starters I chomped on Scallop Saltimbocca (with prosciutto and sage) over potato "rosti": ***Wow...those pieces of spicy Italian ham were wrapped perfectly around some of the best scallops that this Irish SOB has tasted. They had some caramelized apples on the side of the plate that at first to me seemed odd, but when I mixed it all together it seriously was such an amazing match made in culinary heaven.I then moved on to the three color gnocchi with rabbit sausage and mushrooms in a creamy demi-glace sauce:*** Now while it was not bad, the gnochhi just seemed like it was overcooked by a minute or two. Once you go even a minute too long, gnocchi becomes too mushy and I hate that consistency. I mean I cleaned the plate and licked it dry, but it was not one of my more memorable gnocchi meals.For dinner I enjoyed the grilled 12 oz. "Kurobuta" pork loin marinated in green apple brine with Gorgonzola mashed potatoes:Absolutely amazing! I am a big fan of pork and this chef made a perfect pork loin. It has been a few years and I still compare other pork loins, that I either order while dining out or make myself, to this one. Mmm.Finally dessert (Oh yes there will be dessert). I devoured a warm chocolate torte with vanilla sauce and chocolate ice cream:*** Go there and try this. I can not explain how good this dessert is in words.Plus a lot of wine was drank and damn was the hangover on the plane ride well worth it.Now this place drops 1 star due to the not so perfect gnocchi, expensive prices and at times slow service (even though we were one of three tables dining at the time). Highly recommend you check it out.
3	We ate at the Piero Selvaggio Valentino GRILL portion of the restaurant (which is more casual compared to the fine dining part of the restaurant) and it was just okay. We had the carpaccio to start with, then the pizza & gnocchi. Everything was not bad, but not excellent. I have definitely had better elsewhere (even Il Fornaio is better!) The entree prices are reasonable (anywhere between $14-$30) but I just felt like the food was already made ahead of time and just heated up..In my opinion just go for the fine dining, that's what we should have done.The service was definitely excellent though :)
5	My bf and I had planned to go to Cut but the earliest reservations was at 10pm... Too late for us and our tummies were growling... Well mine was but then again I'm always hungry.We ended up going to Valentino and I am soooo happy we did. It is an excellent restaurant with a very sexy atmosphere. attentive staff and delicious food prepared perfectly. Bread - Their onion and sweet raisin bread was sfot and flavorful. The olive bread was ok but I'm not a fan of olive in general so that's why I was so so about it. Appetizers - Calamari - This is the REAL calamari! Not the super breaded fatty calamari they serve everywhere else. This was sauteed and grilled squid on a bed of greens. The squid was cokoed just right and not chewy or hard. Main course - My bf order the veal and I ordered the beef short ribs. The veal was super soft and covered lightly in pesto sauce. Great pairing that brought out the flavors. My beef short ribs were extremely soft and buttery. I didn't have to chew hard or stab it with my knife. The meat just melted. The asparagus and mashed carrots blended nicely with my meat. I usually like to eat my meat with a glass of Pinot Noir but wine always relaxes me and makes me want to sleep. The night just started and I was going to party hardy.. so I opted for a martini instead. I paired my meal with the Valentino Martini. Loved it! It's a must try!We topped off our dinner with the Nutella Napolean and ice cream. GAHHH!!! I fell in love instantly! I would go back to Vegas just to eat dessert here.
5	This dinner was just heaven.  Valentiono's met all of my special requirements for a five star restaurant:Excellent wine list.Romantic ambience.Creative dishes.Superior service.Fresh, high quality food.Starting with an incredible salad, we also enjoyed tangy bruschetta . Then  I was captivated  by the seafood special of the day.  It was a pasta dish that included lobster, scallops, salmon and shrimp in a vodka-like sauce.  We finished the meal with the best coffee I've had in ages, along with the warm chocolate tart with vanilla sauce.Seriously- heaven.
5	Went here last night for dinner, and it was GOOD! The waiter was so nice and spent time going over the menu and explaining what could/could not be made vegetarian.  I settled on the eggplant parmagiana, and my bf got the tri-colored gnocchi.  They were delish!!  my eggplant was so good!  It was a totally interesting plating, and the food was just as good to match!  I loved the texture as well!  The gnocchi was made so well too.  Gnocchi is hard to make well. And this gnocchi was probably the best I've had.  It was so soft and almost melted in my mouth.  They made it with a cream sauce b/c its otherwise made with a veal sauce of sorts.  The restaurant was super accomodating about making things vegetarian.  The wine we had we full bodied and paired well with the food.  We also got the tiramasu.  Im not normally a fan of tiramasu, but this one was GOOD!  I would highly recommend this place!!  I loved it! :]
3	Why does every well-known restaurant that appears in Vegas automatically drop one star?Vegas Valentino is a mediocre imitation of the flagship restaurant in Santa Monica.Well-known as having one of the largest wine selections in all of LA, the Vegas version's wine list while still large, really paled in comparison.  Also the first one we chose they spent 15 minutes looking for, then told us they couldn't find it.  When we went to our second choice and they actually were able to locate it - it was a great wine.We started out strong.  For appetizers for the table we had - caprese salad with heirloom tomatoes, pumpkin ravioli and pasta with a wild boar ragout.  These were all flavorful, well-prepared and looked good on the plate.I had the lamb osso bucco braised in red wine and "fork tender".  It was fork tender, but just had no flavor.  There was nothing to the sauce and was flat out under seasoned.Desserts were just OK.  The mango creme brulee was waaaay too sweet, but the kiwi sorbet it came with was nice.  The chocolate souffle that took 20 minutes just wasn't worth it.  The center was not all creamy and melty.  We poured in this vanilla cream sauce and it just dripped off the side.  Plus they brought out all of our coffees right away, but didn't bring any of the desserts until the souffle was ready, so we had finished all of our coffees or they were cold, by the time the actual desserts arrived.Maybe if I had never been to Valentino's in LA, I wouldn't be as disappointed in the Sin City version.  At least the company was good and we had plenty of wine flowing, so it turned out fine.
4	The Good: Damn good service, damn good food.  Here, you get what you pay for.  This is fine dining.  Quiet atmosphere, proper waiters, a wine book filled with hundreds and hundreds of wines, a bread basket with different kinds of bread...The Bad: $$$$.  Of course, this is expected, but damn.  Entrees range from 30 to 50.  Try: Taglioini with Lobster, TagliataDon't try: I'm pretty sure everything on this menu is pretty good.  It was rated #1 Italian restaurant in Las Vegas three times.
4	Located off the casino, the grill provides an oasis of sorts from the constant noise parade lurking just outside. The food was pretty good. Tasty thin crust cheese and herb pizza, good caprese salad with firm but juicy heirlooms, and a creamy, if not that flavorful, cauliflower soup with truffle oil.  The table bread was very cheesy (yum).  Service was a bit spotty.  Wines by the glass are a bit expensive.
2	Walked out. No conventional Italian. Most wines 250-300. And up to the the thousands. Was expecting food like its counterpart in LA. Waiter suggested we order what we want and have the Chef make it. No thanks. Way too expensive.
3	We wandered in here due to the fact that our show there would start in about an hour. I ordered the lamb, with grilled veggies, topped off with garlic chips. It was tasty. Ok, the garlic chips were bitter and kinda didn't belong, but the lamb itself was cooked just right. The grilled veggies weren't too soggy and just right.My friend had the pasta, he said it was a tad on the salty side. Service was great, friendly, and always refilling our water glasses, and soda. They knew we had to go see Blue Man Group, so we got the bill and we out the door fast.
4	My BF and I chose to spend our Thanksgiving in Vegas, so we wanted to eat somewhere that was offering a Thanksgiving menu, we chose Valentino for its Prix Fixe Thanksgiving menu - 5 courses, including desert, with wine pairings (a little over $100 each)We Enjoyed perfectly grilled prawns with blood orange sauce and yummy little butternut squash medallions; A ridiculously delicious and indulgent beef and leek broth with spinach raviolis with beef filling; Next we enjoyed the perfect flavor mingling of Duck confit stacked on a caramelized fig - so delicious! For the main course we had a Turkey breast stuffed with quail sausage, garlic coated haricot vert and amazing truffle au gratin with a perfect crispness. In the end we had an assortment of vanilla gelato, amaretto cookies and fresh berries. Each course's wine pairing felt like a natural compliment.Overall, I would say food was excellent, wait staff was friendly if a little over enthusiastic and the atmosphere was acceptable for the style of restaurant.
1	I went to Valentino with a couple of friends, hoping to get an excellent dining experience while visiting Vegas for CES. Last year I went to Postrio  and had a fantastic meal so I had high expectations for this place!I ordered the pumpkin ravioli and they looked as if they'd just come out of a pan and dumped on my plate. There was 0 presentation, no sauce on top, nothing - I don't cook but I have better presentation skills than that!My friend ordered risotto and it was nothing out of this world, actually extremely fishy :-|I wouldn't recommend anyone to this place. If you're going to be at the Venetian, go eat at Postrio!
1	we received two complimentary dinner tickets form the Plazzo.although we did not pay for dinner we expected better. As soon as we presented our coupon the attitude by the restaurant staff changed. the original waitress that started us turned us over to another waiter. Then we were given a special menu and the choices were slim. ( this could be partially The hotels fault as they are paying for the dinner)the food took 35 minutes to come out, they did not refill drinks, the bread choices were slim(later we asked for more bread and received a much  more interesting basket.much better) when the food arrived the portions were extremely small and we left hungry.the fish in my opinion did not taste good. I will say the desert was great. this should not have been presented as dinner, but rather a snack break. overall poor experience. there are many more choices to go to at the Venition/Plazzo   Michael.
3	It seems that everyone associated with Valentino has been programmed to say "Fine Dining" when discussing the restaurant - when you make the reservation, when you ask at the hotel about options, when you pick up your Jersey Boys tickets and ask directions.Well, there was some fine, and there was some dining, but it fell a little short of a great Fine Dining experience.  I don't typically like to start with the service, but it, unfortunately, stood out.  Our server was slow, even after acknowledging we were trying to make the show (fret not, we literally sat down with 30 seconds to go).  After a discussion on gluten-free options, she agreed to check on the sea bass and if not, order a different dish for my wife.  She also left it as a surprise, despite coming back several times for other things.  When we ordered desert, my wife's Gelato, which was excellent, came with a cookie on top (almost definitely gluten-containing).  Did I mention she was slow?The food.  We shared the homemade Sausage and Peppers appetizer, and it was terrific - perfectly cooked and very tasty.  I had Garganelli with Wild Boar.  It was good, if the smallest bit dry.  I would try something else if I were to return.Turns out the Sea Bass could be made gluten-free - and it was spectacular.  Spectacular - better than a fish dish my wife had at Joel Robuchon the next night.One other nit - my wife ordered ginger ale and they gave her Coke + Sierra Mist (or whatever) and she asked if it was caffeine free and they had to check.Overall, there was some great food but the full experience could have been better.
3	went to the grill side and ordered the clam appetizer and calamari. the calamari was lightly batter, which i like! the clam was good, but relatively small portion for a $15 appetizer. the sauce that it's in is white-wine based. i couldn't taste the wine whatsoever. after i ate the clams, i used the free bread and dipped it in the leftover sauce! yum!
3	My sorority sisters and I decided to eat here for dinner since it was relatively close to our hotel room (we were a bit too lazy to wander further for more restaurant choices).Overall, eating here was not as great as I hoped - especially for the price.  We had told them that we had a large party (10 people), but 2 of our friends couldn't make it last minute.  We received the grumpiest look from the bus boy as he angrily took away the 2 extra plates/utensils he has set up.  I didn't understand why he was so mad, as there were multiple tables left empty and it seemed like a pretty slow night.The best part was probably the free bread.  Our server was happy enough to keep dishing out more bread as well as refilling our drinks in a timely manner.  The special pasta I ordered was really good, but the portion was rather small.
5	I have written reviews in the past where I stated that _____ is the best restaurant ever. Well I'm writing that again. We came here after wandering through the Venetian for a while and were seated without any hassle, I suppose a combination of 10pm and bad economy. We were given a choice between Valentino Grill, which is closer to the game area or Valentino, situated in the back and more "romantic". We chose the back. Even though we were one room away, it felt a world apart. It's dimly lit and much quieter.We both got the "A Taste of Our Menu". And it was out of this world. It's essentially 15 bite-sized courses served 3 at a time on the same plate, with very good wine pairing for each plate. The courses and wine were brought out at a very comfortable pace with a brief description of each. Often I hesitate on upscale Italian because I didn't want to shell out for pricey pasta or ravioli but I gladly did as parts of a meal that also included rib eye, eggplant, calamari, veal, pork, salmon, etc... I know I already said these were bite-sized portions but even before deserts, we were already full.If you want fine dining but can never decide on what to get, the multi-course options at Valentino is a great option!
2	This restaurant was a great disappointment. I have been to the Valentino's in L.A., but this place was nothing like it. Unfortunately, the service was very slow. After sitting down and waiting the longest time without even bread, water or even a menu, the bus boy came over and said "my goodness no one has come for you yet?" We knew this was a bad sign. Especially so given the fact that the restaurant was not busy.  We kept an open mind for the food given the Valentino name, but again were let down. We had the tasting menu and wine pairing.  Maybe two items stood out, but overall the food reminded us of mediocre cruise food with all dishes rather bland and tasting the same.  The saving grace was the wine which was very good.  I can't say I hated the place, and by the end of the meal the friendly staff had redeemed itself.  But will not go back and will not recommend the place.
3	I dined at Valentino's restaurant (not the grille side) last night and devoured their $85 sample tasting menu.  Having read the raving reviews about this place, my expectations were up there which unfortunately were not met by my dining experience provided by this place.Ambiance is almost as important as the taste of the food in my opinion, especially if you are going for the "experience."  This area is split into as written by other reviewers:  one is the grille area (casual), and at the back is the "fine dining" Valentino's.  I'm only reviewing the fine dining area.  Although it offers no window, I didn't feel contained.  The lighting is good and the ambiance though has a cozy feel to it, is nothing special.The sampling menu I ordered gave me enough food to last till the next day--3 small portions of each: appetizers, pasta/starch sampler, meat sampler, and dessert sampler. I just had it last night but the only thing that stood out from the appetizer selection was the eggplant parmigiana.  The pumpkin filled ravioli was delicious.  The whole wheat pasta was perfectly cooked except for the sauce which was too salty for my liking.  The tri-color gnocchi was so-so but that's because I was never a fan of gnocchi (the sauce however was good).  The meat sampler was good, especially the beef and the veal.  The sauce of the prawn however was overpowered by its spicyness that I could barely tell how it really taste like.  Sadly, though I was generally satisfied with the meal itself, the killer came at the end: dessert -- which was just unfortunate since dessert for me is somewhat considered as the sacred portion of my meal.  The sorbet was just a sorbet - to plainly function as a palette cleanser.  The caramel creme was just too sweet.  And there was another petite dessert that I could not even recall since it was just plain, and again too sweet.Perhaps, I would have rated a better experience should I have chosen the grille menu instead at the other restaurant within Valentino's....but then again, it comes from the same kitchen.  I don't know what it is but I think having read a lot of praises from magazines for this restaurant, my taste buds had just higher expectations from this place.
5	Omg. Stumbled upon this restaurant while getting lost in the Venetian. The waitstaff was wonderful and attentive. We were seated immediately. We ordered salads that were fantastic, and then entrees. I got the gnocchi and my other half got the lasagna bolognese . The gnocchi was great, but -The bolognese  was amazing!! We were "sharing" food, but at one point I gave over my gnocchi and stole what was left of the bolognese  dish. There are no words. It was the most amazing bolognese  I have ever had. I would have licked the bowl clean if there were no other patrons around. It was to die for. I am just sorry we didnt get 2 orders of that. We were contemplating running back into the Venetian before getting on the plane to leave and getting some bolongese for the trip home! We wouldve been the envy of all the other JetBlue passengers! Lol!  Then onto dessert! We had cappuccino and the dessert sampler. Why choose 1 dessert, when for a mere $18 vacation dollars, they ll bring you out ALL of them?! Lol! They bring out a tasting of all 6 desserts. About 2 bites each. Def decadent. You get an amazing taste of flan, chocolate pudding, tiramasu, a teeny, so cute ice cream sundae, cheesecakey thing, etc. All were amazing. You cant go wrong with dessert in this place. Highly recommend. Will def become a regular place next time we are in Vegas. We will order 2 bolongese dishes next time. Lol.
5	Me and my gf randomly hit this place up on our way to a Vegas show and we're extremely happy we did. Everything was done right. The service was fantastic and so was the food. The staff was extremely attentive to our needs. All the food we had was fantastic but the lasagna bolognese was insane! We also had a the dessert sampler and everything on it was great. I wish we had more time in Las Vegas just so we could have gone to Valentino again before coming home. We live in New York and found the prices to be on par with good Italian places around here. Not that cheap but not overpriced either. We are definitely adding this place to our list of must visit restaurants the next time we are in Vegas.
3	Conveniently located between the Venetian and the Palazzo. The price is a bit high but is to be expected since it's in one of the five stars hotels. Valentino has two sections. one is serving the traditional Italian food and the other is serving a more modernized Italian cuisine. My GF and I tired the tradi. I had the lamb legs and I have to say these are the best ones that I have ever tried. Italians weren't known for the grill, but Valentino surprised me with the meat and vegis. They also offer the three course meal for $27 before 6:00pm which was perfect it you are planning on going to the show. The meal come with a dessert which is great. You get to choose from the great Italian dessert it offers. You should expect to spend $60-90 for dinner of two without drinks. Service is lacking tho. The waiter who served us cares about his own looks more than the service.
4	Great service. I opted for the tasting menu with wine pairing. Gnocchi was outstanding, and the wine pairings were decent. The halibut special was also delicious.
3	We were in need of a last-minute reservation for dinner while in Las Vegas, and Valentino was where we decided to go. As we arrived, we were immediately escorted to a hidden dining room where the sounds of the casino were non-existent.The decor is a little tacky. Green, gold and maroon... it was like Christmas. The wine list is dictionary thick! As amazing as the selection was, we were never once offered help or given suggestions on the wine. We decided to order the Taste of the Menu prix fixe meal; I added the wine pairing with my order. The first course was an amazing antipasto assortment: Prosciutto, Eggplant Parmigiana and Scallops. This dish was amazing.The second course (pasta course) consisted of Spaghetti with Rabbit Ragu, Potato Gnocchi and Ravioli. This course was also amazing... wine pairings were spot on so far. The ravioi was served with sliced pears and walnuts... amazing! I apologize for not remembering the wines. The third course was the seafood course and consisted of swordfish stuffed with crab, sole and I believe a salmon... however, this course was not memorable... and just ok.The fourth course... the meat course was my least favorite of the meal and doesn't need to be mentioned.The last course... dessert was decent. Berry Sorbet with a panna cotta shooter... was a nice way to finish dinner.The food itself deserves a 4-star rating; however, the service was more like a 2... thus the 3-star rating I have given. Our server spent most of his time serving the larger group next to us. He rushed through serving us and really made it feel like we were eating at an Olive Garden... service at OG may even be better... ouch. When I asked about the wine, he gave a quick answer and quickly walked off... Also, it gets really loud in hear because it's in a smaller closed off room... if you want a quiet dinner, look elsewhere. But if you just want good Italian food... definitely give it a shot.
2	I so wish that my review could be better.  We carefully chose this restaurant and looked forward to what we were hoping was a good experience.We were lead to our table and the first thing that got me as odd was that the hostess did not give us menus.  So, we sat awkwardly until a good 5 minutes passed and our server came over...still no menus, but gave us the wine list.  Personally, for me it was hard to choose a wine when I had no idea what I was going to eat - but whatever!I have to add here...I Love a good wine list!!  But this wine list was overwhelming to say the least.  To make it worse, I was with my mom who has limited wine preferences and there was no by-the-glass offerings on the list.  We chose a bottle of white and moved on.We finally got menus!  Another millennium went by and our server finally returned to tell us the specials.  It was time to order and I got excited again.We both ordered the special Caesar Salad.  Disappointing at best and I have a feeling the dressing was from a bottle.  It was not special and lacked flavor.I followed this up with the Gli Gnocchi (Ricotta and Rapini with Spicy Vodka Sauce Gratin).  It was okay.  It was definitely not spicy, so that was a little disappointing.  Mom ordered the L'agnello (Fork Tender Lamb Ossobuco Braised in Red Wine Served with Porcini Infused Gnocchi).  Once she got past the fact that her entree was Grey...yes grey (not even a nice grey!) she dove into the ossobuco, but the porcini gnocchi did not have much flavor.Sadly, we left before dessert.  We had contemplated it, but by the time our server actually came back to our table we were kind of over it.  Like I mentioned, I wanted this to be better.
3	Appetizers were way better than our entrees, so that was a little sad.My friend had a custom order of just spaghetti alfredo with veggies and they messed up her pasta though she confirmed everything twice. My other friend's steak was overcooked, big no no! My dish was actually perfect (I had the branzino), so I felt bad that the other dishes were not up to par.The suggested wine that was paired with our meal was too fruity, though it was REALLy good. Just didn't complement the meal at all.Overall, service was a bit lackluster even though there was only 2 other tables being served at the time. Maybe it was b/c it was later in the night, but it's still no excuse. We weren't very demanding but coming around once every 15 minutes when its super slow just doesn't make any sense.Everything that I had ordered was perfect so I can't really complain about my dishes but feeling guilty about enjoying my food b/c my friends' orders were messed up doesn't make for a really enjoyable time.Anyway, if this restaurant were anywhere but in Vegas, where the options are plentiful and the food is to die for, I probably would consider going back to give it another shot, but given the location and all of the other places where I could spend my $ and have an amazing meal, I don't think I'll be back.
2	My wife and I had a bad experience at this location right before we went to watch "The Phantom." The pasta with marinara sauce was pretty tasteless, the seating arrangement is tight and the place is pretty small. I recommend that users go to Grand Lux Cafe over Valentinos, Grand Lux is open 24hrs a day as well.
2	There is nothing wrong with this place. But there is nothing extraordinary either. To be quite honest, I dined there with my mom, because we had a 20% coupon. Why not?The service was great; we had a couple of waiters, and for having to work during the holidays (I went during Christmas time), they were upbeat and knowledgeable.The food, on the other hand, was nothing amazing. I got a side of roasted vegetables drizzled with Balsamic Vinegar, and it was fine. I also had a special ravioli of the day, which had an interesting flavor, but the texture was a bit on the chewier side. It did taste nice, but I was not overly impressed.Overall, nothing was too spectacular about this place, but it tasted fine. It is a little on the pricier side for the quality of food you get, but we had a coupon, so I wasn't too bummed about that!
1	I live in Las Vegas and wanted to treat some friends from Europe to Valentino. We hade reserved for 4 people. We were early and decided to have a bottle of champagne outside on their tiny terrace. We order a bottle of Veuve Cliquot. The waitress had no class. She poured THE WHOLE BOTTLE one shot into 4 champagne glasses. Each glass was overflowing. Then she brought the bill without us having finished to drink or even asking for it. THEY APPLIED 18% SERVICE CHARGE, probably because they heard a language that wasn't English. The law says that you are supposed to PRINT on the menu/wine list that you are applying service charge. No such thing on their wine list or menu. When I complained to their obnoxious "manager", he said that it was house policy to do that on every bottle of wine sold. So be aware if you go there. Then he walked away. Not only we cancelled the reservation on the spot but I will never go back and I will do my best to spread the word. We then went upstairs to Postrio were we spent $400+ and had a blast. Business must be booming at Valentino. The do not care about $400 and certainly about customers.
3	Came here randomly bc we had celebrated our V-day dinner on Sunday and had time to kill before watching Phantom of the Opera.  We were surprised we could get a seat with no reservations. They were understaffed for a 'holiday' night.  Our server was running around like a headless chicken and I felt bad.  The table that was finishing up when we were sat were rude and impatient, and the server seemed so flustered.Maybe it's because we had just dined at Joel Robuchon the night before..Maybe it's because we only had 10 min to eat after our entree arrived before we had to dash over to catch our 9:30 show.  But it didn't meet my expectations.  Nothing was amazing, nothing stood out.  I had the gnocci which was good but not to-die-for.  A. had the flat-iron steak which was pretty good, but honestly we ate so quickly I couldnt really tell.I want to say that it was my state-of-mind, plus being understaffed at Valentines day--my review may be biased.  Maybe I should try it again another time. *shrug*
4	My boyfriend and I went here for a romantic night out while in Vegas. The decor was nice and out waiter was very attentive but had really distracting "wispy" hair. He told us about the specials and said the appetizer special was one of the best things he ever ate. It was a cheese (maybe a burrata??) stuffed with ricotta and topped with herb olive oil and shaved black truffles. It was OUTSTANDING!!!! I crave it constantly. I would go back just for that! I think it was about $21, but worth it. I got the cioppino and my boyfriend got the braised short rib. Both really good. 5 stars for the appetizer, but only 4 stars for the rest of the experience.
4	Perhaps is was the VIP service from GM Giorgio Ferrera or perhaps it was because I may have been a few cocktails deep, but either way I definitely enjoyed my experience at Valentino. The place is a sprawling, almost cave-like maze of dimly lit rooms. The service was impeccable and I must say that the Parmesan chips to start were a nice touch. We followed with a couple bottles of David Bruce pinot and would later double down with a couple of bottles of Italian wine hand picked by a buddy with significantly more knowledge than myself on the subject of Tuscans. We all raved about the appetizer sampler put together for us by the chef. I followed with a perfectly cooked Ossobuco and was sufficiently comatose thereafter. The night was young and I could have easily rolled over and passed out. All-in-all a great dining experience with just enough personal touch to warrant a repeat visit.
4	Good food, nice wait staff, good decor, if I am in Vegas next time, I am willing to return for another meal.
3	I was disappointed by how shallow the lunch menu was.  The caesar salad and caprese salad my wife and I shared were 3 star worthy. But, I expected more.
4	Fun place.
3	Located in the Venetian, Valentino is an upscale Italian restaurant where I had my birthday dinner at. It's definitely geared more towards fine dining, so I wouldn't recommend coming here with a group of college-aged people like I did. The atmosphere is very quiet, dim, and minimalistic. The service was okay and the food was good as well. Expect to shell out $.
4	Enjoyed a yummy lunch at the Grill at Valentino today.  We enjoyed a caesar salad and the sausage and red pepper pizza.  The service was good, the food was good and the atmosphere was nice.
2	Warning: if you're dining with a large group DO NOT and I repeat DO NOT eat here. Yes the food is delicious but while you're in Vegas do you really want to sit around for almost 2, yes two, full hours waiting for your entree to come? I sure as heck didn't want too. Although the waiter and manager were very nice people they were not prepared for a large group even tho we had put in reservations 2 weeks prior. The waiter kept forgetting our drinks, it took 1.5 hours for the appetizers and 2 hours for our dinner. We had a group of 16 people so they got their mandatory gratuity tip of 20%, I guess they didn't care about making us wait so long for our food.
2	A variety of thoughts were running through my head throughout our time here:1. Chef Selvaggio should be embarrassed to have his name on the front.2. I really hope the manager stops by to ask how we're doing.Jim G. and I grabbed a few small bites in the bar area; I just wanted to try one pasta and didn't want to take up a whole table to do so.  Frankly, the servers might have been pleased. This place was "dead anyway!"  Perhaps our terrible service stemmed, in part, from the fact that we had "bar servers;" to me, that's still no excuse in a fine dining establishment.  Kristina, our server, was very polite, no question, but not at all good.  We ordered oysters and a bottle of champagne.  The oysters arrive and when I ask the food runner what type they are, he has no idea; he runs off to ask and finally returns with the answer.  We are still waiting on our champagne. Oysters are getting warm and there's no champagne.  We see the manager, George, walk by with the champagne.  In the corner, both he and the bartender are trying to give Kristina a tutorial on opening champagne.  Our oysters are getting warm here people!  The bartender finally comes over to open it and we finally get to enjoy our lovely combination.We also ordered a Scallop Crudo and the Garganelli Neri pasta.  Both come out way too early (oysters still on the table) and together.  There's no sense of pacing.  The crudo is good, with granny smith apple slices and an aged balsamic.  The pasta is not at all what I expected, but it is tasty.  The description (with a lobster carbonara, complete with sea urchin) made it sound creamy, unctuous, and decadent.  While there was a cream sauce (not very much of it) and there were lobster pieces, the dish lacked the feel and flavors the description suggested.  Empty plates pile up, no one comes to pour the champagne, and while all this is (not) happening, the manager is standing there watching the Dallas-Miami game.  Kristina finally comes over to take (some) of the empty plates and proceeds to stack them on top of each other on our table, deciding to unstack a few (putting them back onto our table) because she's scared she'll drop them.  Has no one trained these servers how to work in a nice restaurant???I will never return to Valentino (Las Vegas, anyhow) and sincerely hope someone in management, but not George, reads this review and does something to remedy the glaring errors in service. This experience really gives Chef Selvaggio and his Michelin star a bad name.
2	I was def expecting more out of this place. The service was amazing though - so attentive and friendly. The food on the other hand was pretty bleh.  I won't go back because all i could think about was eating something, ANYTHING other than what i was eating. My hunny said his sandwich was basic and was pretty underwhelmed.
2	This place has a lot to change, the decor is bad. The food and drinks are bad, especially for Vegas and The Venetian. Small servings, plain dishes, nothing memorable about Valentino. Save your time and money.
5	I. Can't. Say. Enough. Good. Things. Here. Let's start with OVER 2000 wines in their Wine Bible!Ahhh, Valentino, why do you have to be so very far from my reach on a regular basis? Oh, I know, because you are meant for special occasions and that's what brought us to you in the first place! We were celebrating a WIN in Vegas....no, not cash, silly....a DIFFERENT kind of win - the end of a productive and promising Trade Expo that left us hungry for good red wine and unparalleled vegetarian fare in a refined yet comfortable atmosphere.....cue Valentino! Our server, Adrian, a Johnny Depp-esque creature with immaculate timing and menu advice, helped us put together a trio of pastas that delighted us to NO END....seriously, one bite was bliss, knowing I had a whole plateful was HEAVEN. The fresh ingredients were so obviously abundant in each flavor combination, yet all blended together so well in the various sauces and pasta fillings. The gnocchi, in particular, was so silky smooth and perfectly sized to mix with the fresh pesto sauce, that I would still be dragging the meal out now, a week later, if I thought I could be away from my family for that much longer!  This all followed a scrumptious appetizer-gone-spunky version of eggplant parmesean that was topped with fresh curly, peppery herbs. This ALL was accompanied by a merlot that was suggested by the sommelier after we had deposited our request for woodsy-earthy-cheesy-veggie items....he found a perfect match!I would be leaving you without a kiss good-bye if I didn't take a minute to explain just how a fabulous dessert followed this amazing meal. Picture rich-without-overpowering chocolate, nutty yet mild hazelnut, and silky essence of pistachio all meeting up to delight the senses in the form of mini-2-bite nougat desserts (there were other varieties available...I think a creme brulee and a fruit tarte among other things...but these morsels we decided on were a perfect compliment to the sparkling rose that was suggested by none other than Johnny Depp himself! (Okay, maybe it was Adrian - he knows this is all in good fun and filled with love - and, yes, he was pre-warned the review would include the reference!)
5	the best Italian food!  I had spaghetti with roasted rabbit and Stanley got seafood soup.My pasta with roasted rabbit was soooooo good and tender.  It was perfect!Stanley's soup was also very delicious- he ate it all.The service are GREAT as well.
3	For now I will add one more star, with a future update pending.After reading my review, General Manager Timm responded with very apologetic emails.  He acknowledged that all parts of the service I received was abysmal and that Valentino does not stand by such behavior.  He and the on-site Executive Chef want to extend their apologies and would like to have Jim G. and I back to 'make it up to us.' Knowing us, we'll be back in Vegas in the next couple months, so we'll take him up on his offer and report back!  I do love when people actually read Yelp reviews and realize there are ways to remedy even the most major of problems.
5	Well this was our 2nd trip to Valentino's. We were here last year and loved it, so we put it on our itinerary to come back on this trip. This time the experience was a little different, but the food was better than we remembered. Let me explain. My bf and I called ahead of time to make a reservation for 9 pm on a Sat night. We were planning to sit in the front of the restaurant (the grill) part of Valentino. When we got to the restaurant, the hostess immediately took us into the separate super fancy/stuffy back room. It was way over our heads, with a THICK wine list and all kinds of very $$ entrees- we had no idea what they were. I asked about the lasagna and he said we COULD make that with a meat sauce. I figured why have them TRY to make it when its on the menu in the OTHER ROOM!!!  We simply wanted the  amazing lasagna bolognese we had last year. There were 2 waiters constantly at our table who were very pushy and aggressive over ordering wine (which we did not want) and to order from the tasting pre fixed $85 pp menu (which we did not want). We both felt very uncomfortable back there, so I went out to the hostess and asked if we could get moved to the grill part in front. She said no problem and was very accomodating. As Im waiting in the front of the restaurant for my bf to come out from the back and get reseated, one of the aggressive waiters from the back room comes out to me to ask why Im moving! He insists he can do my dish off the regular menu and serve it to me in the back room. He was very annoyed with us and pushy. I told him no, we d be more comfortable in this room. It was so odd to us that he came over to us. Its like car salesmen competing for commission...Lol. Anyway, our new laid back young waiters were amazing and couldnt have been better. When we asked if they could take a pic of us, they moved us over to the entranceway so we could have the pic taken with the gorgeous red glittery wall and Valentino sign behind us. Great food. Amazing lasagna once again, and this year no room for dessert. AVOID THE BACK ROOOM!!!
4	The salmon was amazing.  And I  now have a new favorite ice cream...pink grapefruit!  Loved it!  Good service too.
4	Been here twice. I love it! the food is awesome. The mushroom ravioli is full of flavor. It was delicious. Can't wait to come back next time im in town.
4	Redemption on a plate.After our disastrous visit previously, and due to the request to make it up to us, Jim G. and I returned, trying to be open-minded about what the night would hold.We were seated in a beautiful private room, overlooking the dining room, but still nicely private.  The great music (Sinatra, Martin, etc) was easily heard, but not intrusive.  We had great treatment from our server, the sommelier, and the manager, all night long.Some of the dishes we enjoyed were served gratis, but some we paid for (just for full disclosure).-The parmesan cheese crisps are amazingly addictive.-Gli Spaghetti with Roasted Rabbit and Wild Mushroom Ragu: This was very tasty and went nicely with the wine the sommelier helped us pick out.-Braised Beef Cheek Ravioli with black truffles (nightly special): This pasta was very good and was chock full of truffles. I liked the other pasta better, but both were good.-The chef sent out a beautiful scallop which was seared and served over polenta. I don't recall all the other details, but it was a nice scallop and beautifully cooked!-Lamb Ossobuco: This was delicious! Nicely cooked, well seasoned, and hearty!-NY Strip (special of the night): Cooked perfectly, a nice piece of meat.  For me, the flavor was a bit lacking.  It was good, but something was missing, and for $58, I feel like it should have blown me away.-The chef also sent out a tiramisu, which I usually don't order. It's rare that any place makes them properly since it's such a cliched dessert.  This one was very nice. Glad we got to try it.It was nice to return to good service and know that there is some good food on the menu.  There are some stars on the menu, but not everything we had was equally amazing.  I hope that everyone who dines here receives great service; our evening was obviously a little different than the average diner walking in, but I'd like to hope that the manager is working with his staff to ensure that everyone has a lovely meal here.  Thanks to Joe and everyone who made out evening great!
5	Loooooove this place! Had Dan as my waiter! Whatta hunk! I'll be back for sure!!!!!!
4	A restaurant.com gift certificate led us here for a simple dinner. The place itself is ok. About 3 stars for ambiance.There were definitely numerous menu options that sounded delicious. But the specials menu had a mushroom ravioli with black truffles - and how can you pass THAT up? There was both an appetizer portion and an entree portion. Given that I tend to almost never be able to finish an entire plate of anything, I opted for the appetizer portion (as my entree, of course).Our entrees arrived super fast. SUPER fast. Ridiculously fast. Did they somehow already know what we were going to order and have it ready for us? I couldn't even reheat ravioli in a microwave in the amount of time it took for our food to arrive. But hey, it was absolutely delicious - so I am certainly not complaining. And such quick service would be very handy if going to a show or something afterward. 4 stars for the entrees.For dessert, we opted to share the mango creme brulee. It also came out quite fast. And it was quite tasty. The mango was a little bit overpowering and tart, but the kiwi sorbet and crunchy brulee provided a good balance. 3.5 stars.The service was great. Very knowledgeable, thorough, and fast. The only slight issue came when I produced the restaurant.com gift certificate. The waiter tried to tell me that we couldn't use it unless we had two entrees (and, of course, I opted for the appetizer portion, instead of the entree portion). However, the gift certificate clearly stated "$35 minimum purchase" and NOT "two entrees" (which a lot of other restaurant.com gift certificates do say). So he then went to ask someone somewhere about it. You would think it would take longer to whip up some mushroom ravioli than it would to inquire about a gift certificate, but not so. We seriously spent more time waiting re: the gift certificate than the entire time it took for the actual meal. And yeah, that was annoying. But the waiter did finally come back and let us know that all was ok. Apparently, he was just thrown for a loop because the newer restaurant.com gift certificates for Valentino do require the purchase of two entrees. So I'll be nice and say 4 stars for service, despite the gift certificate glitch.Overall, a pleasant dining experience with some great food.
2	OK, but not worth the money and mildly fraudulent.I went with my boyfriend, we each had the tasting menu and wine pairing. Some items were nice but two were pasta-based, one with gnocchi and the other ravioli, and in both cases the pasta was very overcooked. The wine itself was a bit underwhelming, not the least because some of it was watered down (!). It tasted very weak and watery and we could see through it, especially along the top level. We complained about both, and both times were told that we didn't know what  we were talking about, that pasta is meant to be mushy and pinot noir transparent. In the case of the wine they came and gave us another set of unwatered wine "just because," but never admitted what was clearly the case or gave us a discount for the two flights of watery wines they served. The bill for two people was 300 USD and while some of it was tasty, it was worth perhaps of third of that.PS Looking at the many raving, exclamation-point and caps-heavy reviews for this restaurant,I suspect that perhaps the following is going on:http://www.nytimes.com/2011/08/20/technology/finding-fake-reviews-online.html?_r=2
4	What a great night! Valentino's knows how to treat you right. We were lucky enough to get a table in their small but private "library" room in the back of the restaurant. I'm not sure if you could request this for a special occasion, but it is worth a shot. The room had cook books and guide books of Italy on the shelves with a bit of Frankie to be heard throughout the night.The service was outstanding from beginning to end. We had some nice conversation about wine with the sommelier and found out he is actually from our neighborhood in LA.A couple of their dishes really stood out to me. A must get is the Gill Spaghetti with Rabbit and Mushroom Ragu. The combination was perfect and the use of quality olive oil shined through. The Scallops with Polenta was one of the best prepared scallops I've ever had, and I've had way too many scallops! Perfectly seared on the outside and tender on the inside which really displayed the essence of what a scallop is all about. Lastly the tender Lamb Ossobuco was the best I've had and again this is a dish I hunt down regularly at Italian restaurants. We fought after each piece as it fell off of the bone.Overall our experience was perfect and the food was good. Putting Valentino head to head with other top restaurants in Vegas I would still want to revisit a few others first, however if you are specifically looking for quality and authentic Italian food this is the place to go.
4	I think this is now my favorite restaurant in Vegas -- a city that promises more than it delivers with most restaurants.   Valentino seems "old school" Italian and they know how to handle a large table (7 of us -- business dinner).They have a nice wine list with a great assortment of both California reds and wines from Italy, France, Spain ... To be honest, I don't remember what I got for an appetizer, but I liked it.  What I cannot forget is the short rib -- the BEST short rib I can remember.  I literally don't  think I talked to to anyone while I was enjoying this fabulous entree.Service was competent and efficient.   Oh, the tiramisu and chocolate mouse deserts are the bomb.
4	I kinda stumbled on Valentino's by accident. It was a good fall.Valentino's is nice but not pretentious. The food is reasonably priced and of outstanding quality. The service was the best I've experienced in a long time.The menus and seating are kind of confusing. Both Valentino and Valentino Grill operate from one kitchen but there are two dining rooms. you can order from either menu in either dining room.I thought we were seated on the Grill side but it seemed to me the more upscale of the two dining rooms, so maybe I was on Valentino side. My dining companion and I split a caprese salad and grilled pizza primavera, which I am certain were from the grill menu. Both were excellent and met our need for for a light dinner.Valentino is one place in Las Vega$ that I will make an effort to return to. I also plan to try the Santa Monica location when I am there in a few weeks.Look for discounts on Yelp or in casino marketing packets.
3	Our food was above average and they greeted us immediately and offered drinks. Service was perfect and down to earth when they had to explain the definition of menu items to me. :) I didn't like paying $15 for small sides with dinner ... the small side plain caesar ain't worth $10, even in that environment.
3	It was okay, but I think you can get better Italian on the strip for the same price range.
5	Valentino's has to be one of The Most Memorable dining experiences I've ever had!  The food is Authentic Italian.  I've never been to another Italian restaurant that compares.  First,  the restaurant is Quaint, Beautiful Decor.... Warm Rich Tones & Nice Ambience......Romantic.  Extensive Wine List.My husband got the Mushroom Ravioli w/ Black Truffles....Scrumptious !   I got the Lasagna Bolognese....UNforgettable !   My daughter got the Spaghetti & Meat Sauce.....Delish !   The wait staff was attentive & the service was Top Notch!  Overall Experience.....Perrrrrfect !  Can't wait to come back to see ya Valentino !
5	Yes, please. Started with the oysters and a chef appetizer sampler that consisted of a prosciutto wrapped scallop, smoked ham with buffalo mozzarella, and blood sausage on cornbread. Then came the caprese salad and cab wine. I am not sure what brand of wine it was but it was delish and homeboy kept filling my glass so I kept drinking. For my main I went with the "tomahawk" rib eye that was 36 ounces of bone-in, thirty five day ultraviolet-light aged, mouth watering sex on a plate. They only prepare five of these a day and my table ordered six so someone had to change their order. When the waiter mentioned this I avoided eye contact with anyone as I was prepared to go caveman on everyone in the restaurant if I didn't get my "tomahawk". I finished it all including the truffle ravioli and asparagus sides and have since been given the office nickname of "Tomahawk". I wear the nickname with pride. I went with liquid desert in the form of grappa and limoncello. A perfect end to a perfect meal.I must also mention we were seated at the chefs table in a private room so this added even more to our dining experience. If Valentino was alive and I was gay, I would marry him. Valentino...as good as it gets. Cheers
3	Stopped by Valentino's after setting up for Autodesk University last week and was really pleased. As someone else noted, the restaurant has two sides - a more formal side (Valentino's) and the more casual Grill at Valentino. Both sides had plenty of room but the grill side menu grabbed our attention.The wait staff was super friendly and our server was quick to take our drink order, tell us the specials and hand off bread with oil and spices. The bread was fantastic - soft and almost a little sweet on the inside with a golden brown exterior that gave just the right amount of crunch. I opted for the grilled Scottish salmon with onion pepper dip and grilled veggies. Both were out of this world - the salmon was perfectly cooked and tasted so great I skipped most of the sauce. Grilled veggies were HUGE and plentiful - very flavorful and you could see the grill marks. My colleague selected the special - a seafood pasta with a spicy red sauce. I believe it had salmon, scallops and shrimp - it looked great and he really liked it. A glass of wine each and the bill wasn't too crazy - would definitely hit the place up again if I go back to the Venetian.
1	The food is way over priced. Spagetti  had little sauce, Penne had only diced tomatoes as a sauce and came out 1/2 cold. Not home made at all. Don't bother. My glass of wine had the bottom full of the residue that you find at the bottom of an old bottle. I sent it back and was told I was given a glass from a new bottle. Basically a tourist trap. Waiter was good in his service
2	Not bad, but not wow.  Definitely not worth the money.  Service is lacking.  Not the "Vegas" experinece and not up to Venetian standards.
2	Went for brunch, which was expensive yet bland and ordinary. Lamb surprisingly good. Pass on any fish course- they are tasteless.. Mozzarella cheese not fresh. Service needs overhaul - does not know menu, quotes inaccurate prices, then tries to get full price for the misquoted drinks/fare despite the fact that decisions were taken on their bad information,. After argument agrees to take the drinks/fare off the bill, then proceeds to take the half consumed items away, what a waste. Service also has nagging habit of bussing table before the diner is finished with their course.Decor is dank and cheerless.For the prices they charge, Valentino was a disappointment.
5	Best Italian on the strip!!Glasses of the finest reds from Italy sitting at an EASY $10 a glass, including a small portion bar menu of appetizers and fabulous martinisStarting my meal with a glass of Tai Rosso 07, Palladiano. Perfectly complex. Slightly tart, lightly tannic, minut leathery feel, yet all washed off with a nice blend of berried sweetnessFor eats, i enjoyed the Gli Spagetti, a roasted rabbit pasta with a mushroom ragout. Such a smooth flavorful sauce, and excellent after spice, not "spicy/hot", wow!!Also, had the Fritelle Di Pesce, a seafood and vegetable fritter with a lemon aoli sauce. Silky smooth texture, great flavor, but I feel it could be seved with more sauce. Nicely filling though.I always look forward to getting off work and enjoying whatever Valentinos has to offerIf sitting at the bar, ask for Sonia and Kieth...great service, excellent drinks!
5	Hands down the BEST meal I have ever had while visiting Las Vegas.
2	Great wine selection and the service was pretty good but the food definitely underwhelmed for the insane prices.  I paid $44 for the lobster pasta and the lobster tail was incredibly tiny.  I had a much better experience at some of the other Restuarants on the strip.  Others in my party of four were similarly underwhelmed.
4	Yummm, went to Valentino Saturday night with a group of 5 and boy was it tasty! We ordered a few bottles or red, they have a great wine selection either by the bottle or by the glass. One of us ordered the chicken and said it was dry so he switched it out for the spaghetti and meatballs. We all did Italian. I had the special - a seafood spicy spaghetti. The following dishes are A OK in my book ;) and if you like spicy ask for the chili flakes, sooooo good! FRIED CALAMARI WITH SPICY MARINARASAN DANIELE PROSCIUTTO, MOZZARELLA AND OLIVES WITH GRILLED PIADINASPAGHETTI WITH (THREE MEATS) MEAT BALLS AND MARINARALASAGNA ALLA BOLOGNESENice comfortable atmosphere. I'll certainly return if I'm looking for Italian again. Prices are great!
2	I met a friend here for lunch. Things did not start out well when the hostess initially sat us down next to a pillar. There were not too many people so I asked if we could sit at another table against the wall. Boy, she gave me da stink eye when she sat us down. The server Brooke was a nice girl, although she is not the sharpest tool in the shed. I ordered the fried calamari to share, and a caesar salad (pic) and piadina (wrap in pic). After ordered she asked me if I wanted a salad. This was already after I ordered one and I inquired if the place has anchovies. The answer was no. Who ever heard of a real Italian joint w/o anchovies? My friend ordered a salad and grilled chicken and fries.The salads come and they are hearty and the croutons are crunchy. The dressing is a bit much but not by much. Our entrees come and both portions are hearty. Neither of us finished our plates and I rarely leave leftovers. Both meals were OK. The bread on the wrap resembled a tortilla. The fillings inside were so-so and the portion was not that large. My friend then reminds me that we ordered calamari. Brooke forgot to place the order which was OK because the rest of the food was so-so. Service was so-so also because I had to ask for a refill on my drink.The positives:  If you check in on Yelp you receive 20% off your bill.The negatives:  Bitchy hostess, the good is so-so and the prices are high. The bill was $56 before tip for 2 non-alcoholic drinks, 2 salads and 2 mid priced entrees. I am glad I used the 20% coupon.Overall, food was 3, prices 2 and hostess a 1. Combined score of 2.5. I won't be coming back.
5	Loved it!  I was in Vegas for a convention and needed to grab some lunch so I wasn't forced to eat trade show food.  Stopped in here and really wanted the smoked chicken salad. It was about 3pm. Sat down at the bar and found out this item was on the dinner menu and it was lunch time.  The manager didn't; skip a beat. He went back to the chef to find out if it was possible. No problem. The salad was amazing.  The smoked chicken was done perfectly - tender, flavorful, lean  The bartender was extremely friend;y. In fact, service from everyone was wonderful.  And I had the opportunity to sit next to a writer for food and wine which made lunch even more interesting.  Wish I had time to try it again for dinner.
2	Ok, so first, believe the reviews about the service on this site. I wish I had. I always feel, as someone who worked in the service industry for 11 years prior to my current career, that sometimes, servers have bad days. My experience started with the bored and seemingly put out hostess who took my reservation. Our reservation was for six and it was for 7:15. This woman acted like I was totally inconveniencing her. I thought "oh well, it's not like she will be waiting on us."We get there and are seated right away. The waiter came to the table and was incredibly nice. I ordered a bottle of wine and we then order our dinners. This was all pretty quick. This is where the nightmare began. By 9:15 (we had 9:30 show reservations) we got our food finally. We watched multiple tables around us turn over. Needless to say, we missed the show. Finally, some of our party was getting fed up and wanted to move on with the night, so we asked for the bill and said forget the desserts that were ordered as part of the tasting menu. The waiter said "well, what do you expect when you come in during the rush." Really? Seriously? Because you can't manage a table/restaurant/whatever, it's our fault for coming in during dinner. There was just little in the way of accomodation and the staff truly acted like "well, you should know that dinner will take longer than 2 hours."The food was good, but I won't come here again. I am not sure what I was thinking, but I still left a 20% tip.
5	All star night with my sisters celebrating my 50th birthday. Brought our own wine from A.Rafanelli and paid corkage of $35 each for 2 bottles to have with starter of tuna carpaccio followed by veal, short ribs, flat iron steak and salmon. Waiter brought 2 of his favorite desserts for the table of 4 to share that were as beautiful as tasty. Expensive restaurant but Valentino delivered an outstanding experience.
5	Food was wonderful. Service excellent! Really enjoyed!!!
3	Everything was good here, but not memorable.
4	I'll be quick about this restaurant.  When you dine there, you have the choice of dining at the casual, less expensive section in the front or the formal back area, which was much more expensive.  Money wasn't a factor for me and my friends, so we went to the formal dining area, which we were told is that they're known for.  I had the 6 course Chef's Extravaganza menu, which had (1) a starter that consisted of three types of seafood in some type of broth:  scallop, tuna, and salmon; (2) lobster on top of tube like pasta (I can't remember the Italian name), but I found the lobster to be yummy and the pasta to be too salty for my taste; (3) the main course was seared ostrich in some yummy sauce.  I wasn't a fan of ostrich, but my friend who helped me finished half of my ostrich loved the dish.  Personally, I thought it was not as healthy of a meal as I would like.  (4) I also had artisan cheese and fruit, which was good.  Again, being on a diet, I only had a few tiny morsels of the cheese.  (5) The dessert was amazing, which was a bavarian dish with carmel ice cream, white chocolate sticks, and some other very sweet goodness.  There was a 6th dish, but I don't remember what it was.  I also ordered half a dozen Kumamoto oysters, which tasted very fresh and wonderful.  That and the dessert were probably my favorite dishes that night.  Oh before, I forget, I tasted my friend's USDA filet mignon.  That's a nice slab of meat that tasted better than my ostrich.  For the price, I wish I had been wowed by every one of my dishes.  I'd probably give it a 3.5 to 4 stars.
2	Let me start by saying that my reviews are all relative to the city and overall circumstances.  In other words, while i am giving this restaurant 2 star, had I had this  meal out of a truck in some third world country I might have given it 3 or 4 stars.  The point is, in Las Vegas, expectations are high and this restaurant fell very short of the expectation.  Normally I am much more concerned with the food, than ambiance, decor, parking, etc.  But in this case I have to comment on the surprisingly inexperienced and awkward waiter we had.  He really made the dinner uncomfortable.  For instance, he would walk by on a regular basis, look over at our table and if he caught eye contact he would quickly turn his head and start walking the other way.  But enough about the waiter because at any restaurant you could get a waiter who is just having a bad night.  So here's the scoop on the food.  I had the salmon and my girlfriend had chicken.  I know these are not the most adventurous dishes one can order, but because they aren't, you almost expect that the restaurant would have perfected them.  The chicken was tiny, over-seasoned and somewhat dry.  The salmon was dry and lacking flavor.  Anyhow, I dont have time to break things down further, but I would suggest you stay away.  If youre in the Venetian, and want Italian, try B+B.  If you dont have to have Italian, try Sage at the Aria.  I have been there twice and both times had very good food (probably 4+ stars).
3	The food was ok, but not as flavorful as I (we) would have liked. The service was equally "ok." i would recommend that you buy your alcohol elsewhere. (very weak drinks for the price.)  If this experience had occurred In another city, it might have gotten a little better review. We typically stay in a cheaper hotel when we visit Las Vegas, and we have many favorite restaurants. We paid a little more for this meal, and were a little less impressed. We will likely not be back considering the choices in alternatives here on the strip.
3	The food was ok, ordered couple of appetizers, dinner and wine was thinking it was going to be great, but I was not impressed at all! Place was nice and clean, Server was nice..I don't think I would ever come back here, but I can atlest say I tried it .
4	Nice spot. Enjoyed lunch, pizza and wagu bisteak, wine and drinks were very nice. Pedro was appropriately attentive.
4	It's difficult to find a place on the strip, especially in the larger new hotels, that have reasonably priced food that actually tastes good.  we were dressed in shorts and tee shirts so opted for the casual dining menu in the front of the restaurant but when we go back we'll certainly give the upscale area a try.  However, that said, the food was really good.  I had the pasta special which was pasta folded over a spinach filling and covered with a wonderful light tomato sauce.  My husband had lasagna which he said was wonderful.  the portions were a reasonable size and even splitting a salad before dinner and dipping bread in olive oil and vinegar before we ate we still had room for dessert.  they have what they call tasting desserts which means they are inexpensive and small, perfect to end the meal.  The waiter told us they make all the pasta by hand every day and never use frozen or pasta made the day before.  Even with wine I thing the bill was right around $70 which for Las Vegas is a bargain.
3	The food was acceptable, but the waiter was incredible. He was super knowledgeable about the Italian wine selections (we did a wine pairing) and was really fun. I wasn't that hungry, so I ordered the heirloom tomato with burrata that was really quite delicious and had oysters as my main course. I do not think the oysters were as fresh as they could be. My friend had the veal and said it was nice. We didn't have reservations and walked right in...so it's a possibility if you are stuck without reservations. Dessert was scrumptious....I would not go out of my way to dine here, but in a pinch it will do.
5	Good restaurant, friendly and competent service, the food was really good.It is an expensive restaurant, but it is worth what it costs!
5	What an exceptional experience.  Beautiful setting, the deeper you go into the restaurant the more impressive it gets. I was lucky to go with one of the members of the Italian wine club that just had a huge dinner at their Santa Monica location. We were lead into a private dining room where we were eased into our dining experience. The Sommolier was incredible. So knowledgeable and helpful. Her descriptions of the wine were spot on.All of the service was graceful and very attentive. The chef came out and designed a special menu for us. Stand out dishes included crab cake with tomato sabayon and roasted mushrooms and carmalized onions. Lobster ravioli with shaved truffles. Homemade pasta stuffed with prosciutto and finished in a truffle sauce. A gnocci and ravioli mixture with lobster and an insanely rich tagliatelle in a cheese sauce. They finished the night with a selection of homemade sorbet and ice cream.Seamless service impeccable wine and food. For a truly impressive non-Vegas experience I highly recommend.
2	We ate here for Thanksgiving dinner. Perhaps the normal chef was not working but a few of our dishes were disappointing. For their specials they offered a short rib ravioli with black truffle. I expected the ravioli to be chewy and exceptional because, well, It's an Italian restaurant. But I was a bit let down by what I was served. We ordered 2 of the $60 White Alba Truffle Risotto. For that price, it must be well-made right? The risotto was way overcooked, the only good thing about this dish were the truffles. The turkey sausage  dinner was pretty good even though I thought it was going to be bad. For dessert, the Chocolate ravioli berries were delicious. Our server was terrific and made up for the lacking food. I do not think I would eat here again.
3	honestly, im surprised by some of the other reviews, but glad that they were happy with their experience. as for us, service was excellent. the server was easy going and friendly and not at all pretentious like the rest of vegas. this review only got the 3 starts b/c of him, otherwise, i probably would've rated valentino lower. the bread was crusty and good, but nothing particularly special. all of our entrees cost a minimum of $35 and was definitely not worth the price. portions were good, and they came out quickly enough, but with the exception of the lamb, i would NOT order anything again. we also ordered the canelloni, the gnocchi, the cioppino, and the veal. had it not been for the 20% discount, we would've heeded yelp's warnings and avoided this joint. :/
3	This may seem like a harsh rating, but here's the breakdown: Reservations - 5/5Maitre d' - 5/5Food - 3.5/5Service - 4/5Ambiance 4/5I've been to several fine dining restaurants before. For charging $50-$60 an entree, you'd expect your food to spectacularly delectable. My prime rib was a perfect medium rare, but my mother (vegetarian) wasn't brought what the host suggested for her. It had missing vegetables, undercooked pasta (not Al dente). The lamb shanks were mediocre and all dishes were too salty. The restrooms and ambiance were great, and everything about the restaurant checked out for a minimum of 4/5. Unfortunately, since food is such a critical component of a restaurant's rating, we had to weigh this heavily towards a lowly 3./5 for food. OVERALL SCORE: 3.5/5Other information: Corkage is $35 for a 750mL bottle of wine. Their wine bottles range from $42 - several thousand. I would recommend a deep Malbec to go with the prime ribs.
4	Summary:  A lovely romantic dinner with a solid, if not quite fabulous, Italian wine list.Food:  4 starsThe variety was nice with lots of traditional fare done in upscale fashion.  I had pork, my wife had beef, and all was nice.  What set the meal apart from the norm and lifts this to 4 stars was the absolutely lovely white truffle risotto.  Perfection.Wine:  4 starsIf you are looking for Gaja or Sassicaia generational flights, it's here.  I would have preferred a bit more diversity in the Langhe region wines, especially a much more extensive Barbaresco selection.  That said, our waiter (doubling as wine steward since they were light staffed on a Wednesday) made a great recommendation on a '98 Barolo on the retired list.Ambiance and Service:  5 starsOnly the wine room at the nearby B&B matches the romantic atmosphere of Valentino.  You are back from the casino and completely isolated from the noise.  The staff was excellent, from the maitre d' through the bus service.
2	This was the most disappointing of all my dining experiences in Vegas. To be fair, mostly because it seemed like it would be much better based in the reviews, pictures, and $$$$ on Yelp. It's right off the noisy casino floor and featured a very casual dining room atmosphere, not what I saw in the pics at all. However, the service was a bit lacking and the food was rather simple. For example, we got the bread when we first sat and then the butter about 10 mins later with our starter. Speaking as a vegetarian, I cannot fairly comment on any of the meat dishes.
2	we had a pretty dismal experience here this past weekend.  i have been to valentino in santa monica and have loved it- so i had high expectations for this place.  the expectations were not met!  our server was nice- but harried.  i think they had more tables than the kitchen could accommodate and as such all the dishes were taking forever to cook and deliver.  we arrived at 7:30pm for our reservation and by 9:00pm we had only received our first appetizer.  the tables all around me were complaining of the same issue- food taking forever to come out.  i don't think it was the server's fault- i think that the kitchen was backed up.  they should only seat the amount of tables that their kitchen and chef can accommodate.  if you want to seat more tables- build a bigger kitchen and get more kitchen staff.we ended up canceling our entrees and only ate the fritto misto appetizer and the garden salad.  the fritto misto tasted great but my stomach got upset later that night and i threw up!  the only thing i had eaten was the fritto misto and salad greens- so i can't imagine what else upset my stomach.  the garden salad was nothing to write home about- and certainly not worth $15!our wine was great and we finally got out of there by 10:30pm.  after we cancelled our entrees it took the server about 20 minutes to bring us our check!  definitely bummed out by our experience.  not going back to the vegas valentino ever!  hopefully the management will read this review and make some necessary changes.  i think the only way people end up there is by expecting the reputation of the santa monica restaurant.  i doubt they have many repeat customers.
1	4 of us ate here yesterday and we were very disappointed on their service and their food. The food was very salty and the serving portions were inconsistent.  This place is over priced for the quality of food they serve. I would not recommend this to anyone.
2	I kept meaning to try the one in Santa Monica, but since we were in Vegas thought it be a good idea to check this place off my list.  For a Fri. night without reservations, we only had to wait about 15 mins.  That was the highlight.  Service was attentive enough, but it didn't make up for the food.  The mushroom pizza as an appetizer was very average.  The seafood linguine, however, as my main course was sub-par.  Bland, with chewy bits of seafood.  The pasta even tasted cold.  This place is way over-priced and over-hyped.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas, I was bummed to hear that they are closing. The food is wonderful and the service is impeccable. Order the tasting menu with wine pairing for an unforgettable meal!
4	There's a bonus to be in Vegas for work, and that's the ability to expense certain meals.I went to Valentino with three other coworkers and two clients.  We shared 2 bottles of wine, several appetizers, we each ordered an entree, and we shared three desserts.  I'm sure the final bill would have exploded my brain, but the food was all delightful.The Melanzana was my FAVORITE appetizer... really wonderful.  I didn't try the bruschetta with mozzarella, but others said it was good.  Unfortunately, I can't remember the third appetizer....For dinner, I ordered the Branzino (sea bass), which was total perfection in my bowl.  It was the kind of meal where you have to grab bread to soak up anything remaining at the end. My second favorite entree was a coworker's gnocchi, was was truly delicious.  For dessert we shared plated donuts and a few other delightful items that were all passed around and shared.  (I tried to find what they were, but it wasn't listed on the online menu.)Positives -- the wine menu is HUGE.  I mean...HUGE.  Pages upon pages of Italian wines, French wines, American wines... we ordered two bottles of a delicious chianti.  I'm sure that the sommelier would help you if it is overwhelming.  (Also, price go from like $55 to over $500 for a bottle, so you could just pick by cost!)   The bathrooms were large and clean.The waiter was friendly (although at first WAY WAY WAY too peppy and I think his manager might have told him to tone it down a little).The location is great if you're staying in or near the Venetian or working at the expo.All in all, I'd go back...if someone else were paying.  ;-)
4	We stopped in on purpose this time since we had eaten here before and wanted to have what we knew was good Italian food.  We were told that the two dining rooms had been combined which was fine but then when I mentioned bringing friends back in October the server told us that Valentino was closing in six weeks.  He wasn't sure why but what a loss for the strip.  This time I had pumpkin ravioli with a truffle cream sauce which was so good and my husband had his usual lasagna which he also said was amazing.  We had the bruschetta appetizer with artichoke and cheese but it was just so so and I wouldn't order it again.  Had a wonderful Pino Grigio as my beverage.  I'm so sad this place is closing
5	amazing meal!!!!
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas for an elegant meal.  Be prepared to take about two hours for the entire service (My party usually opts for the tasting menu so that takes more time).I would suggest doing the late show at 10 (if the show you are seeing has that time) and getting reservations for no later than 7:30.  Then there is no stress to make the show on time.
3	Food is good but i had better food at other places. Service is good waitress was aware of the menu and did suggested some good stuff for us to eat there.
2	Beware: Sadly our party of four received food poisoning from the calamari appetizer that wasn't completely cooked. Main dishes of lasagna, lamb shank, linguini with shrimp, and salmon were very good.
4	CLOSING THE DOORS FOREVERAt first I had read that Luciano Pellegrini was intending to close this Venetian restaurant mid July. Valentino Santa Monica is also for sale too. Again, there's that lingering old restaurant.com coupon that reminds us to use it or lose it.Whenever I visit the Spring Mountain intersection of The Strip, my chauffeur will park the Yu-go in the Palazzo.  For those who don't know, the Palazzo and the The Venetian are owned by the same holding company. To make walking convenient, the two monster casinos are connected by a mall of shops and restaurants.On our way to Valentino in the Venetian, Carnevale is being remembered by engaging live music and surreal Venetian characters. It's festivities are colorful, attention gathering and entertaining to welcome the beginnings of summer and a cheerful  reminder of the historical Venetian victory.The Carnevale is also distracting  to the wait staff but doesn't lessen our dining experience.  I had previously mentioned the name Luciano Pellegrini who has earned all sorts of culinary accolades. The best of the best in the culinary industry. There are six menus for different venues and meals. Tonight we're ordering from The Grill Dinner Menu:Spaghetti with Meat Balls & MarinaraLaCostoletta: Pan Roasted Veal Chop Parmigiana served with Mashed PotatoesLamb Chops: Scottadito Tossed With Garlic And Thyme Flavored Butter Grilled Vegetables or Mashed Potatoes are also included. Yu-go selected the Grilled Vegetables minus asparagus. Not good for gout prevention.Remember I said Canevale didn't  lessen our dining experience.  If anything the courses were totally embarrassing for our appetite.  The breads together with the spaghetti dish were prepared to perfection.  It's strange that I would say this about such a common dish, but it's true.  Next our LaCostoletta and Lamb Chops arrived sizzling with fragrances that made us forget everything else happening at that moment in time.  No desserts or coffee, we end up taking half of our dinner home to enjoy again. The ambiance is delicate, refined and now very dated following fourteen years of existence. The closing date has now  been amended  to mid September. I'm hopeful  that Valentino will not deviate from it's standards as it inches towards its final days.
4	Made reservations for 9pm and we were seated promptly.  Strangely had to ask for menus. There seemed to be a confusion on who was supposed to wait on our table.  But they took our order quickly and the food arrived in short order.  We ordered the hawaiian ono and lamb chops which were both superb. The only negative was that it took a while to get the check. Must have been because of the Yelp checkin offer (lol). Overall, a great place with excellent food and a great staff.
3	The food here was very good.   Came here with a large group (20+).  We ate off of a set menu so I am not sure about pricing.  Salmon was good, maybe a little undercooked.   First course plates were delicious.  Almost didn't have room for the main course.  Wish I had a chance to try items off of the full menu. I would definitely consider eating here again.
3	The quality of the food was very good but it was waaaaaayyyyyy overpriced! The portions are very small! I could fit my whole entire food(pasta) in the palm of my hand($35.00 for a pasta)Very polite staff!The ambiance was below average!
4	Delish! Scallop appetizer, lobster ravioli and  gnocchi as first course and buccatini special and lamb shank for secondi!  Shame it's closing but we're glad we were able to have the experience before it's gone!
5	I came here with my girlfriend before we decided to head over to Marquee. This atmosphere is very fancy and comfortable. We sat by the bar since the wait for a table was about 45 minutes around 9PM when we arrived. I ordered a chardonnay and it tasted like any type of chardonnay I've had before. But good since I always order that My girlfriend ordered a shaken watermelon margarita and it was one of the best margaritas I have ever had, and I'm not too much of a watermelon fan, and I would even order this. Perfect and it does not taste too strong. We ordered calamari to go with out drinks and the marinara sauce, was not as thick, and it was tasteful. I personally liked it. The calamari was not too breaded and fried, which was a GOOD THING. They season it as well and give you a lemon so you can squeeze on top. Tasted pretty fresh. This place was a bit pricey. We paid about 48 bucks for those 3 items, which is understandable in vegas. I would definitely come back here. Location: Right where restaurant row is.
5	Valentino at The Venetian is up-to-par in my books. What they offer is nothing but quality service, and a fine meal to satisfy every taste bud.My dad and I visited Valentino last night and this was our second visit. Again, we were greeted with courtesy and professionally. We didn't take much time to look through the menu - since it's only two pages + the "daily specials". Dad ordered the New York steak and I ordered the Costatello - braised veal with mashed potatoes and asparagus. We also ordered a seafood appetizer (everything from fried clams to fried asparagus). Note about the appetizers - lightly breaded and you could actually taste the food inside rather than the breading.Every bite was worth it and I hope you will give Valentino at least one try before turning the other way. Price is reasonable and it's what you would expect to pay anywhere else in a Vegas hotel.
4	My brother won 700 bucks and took me here for a ballin' dinner. The losbster ravioli was amazing! I took a bite of my brother's steak which was cooked perfectly but it wasn't the best cut of meat. For that price they shouldn't skimp on the cuts. It's pretty expensive but worth going too. Escepiecially when it is free!
4	We wanted to go for an upscale Italian meal at the Venetian, so we had plently of choices.  looking at yelp they all seemed to have about the same overall rating but this place seemed to have the most consistent reviews.  So even though we love Mario batalli we decided to give this place a shot.  Monday night and pretty quite but the servers hustled with great professionalism.  My wife and I sat in the front part of the restaurant near the bar, the place is much deeper than this but the back half was not being used, probably because it was a slow night.The menu is laid out like most nicer Italian menus, apps, salads, primeri, secundi, etc.  The waiter made a point of telling us every dish  was made to order so if we wanted to make any  special requests we should feel free. Since I had steak the two previous evenings (I know....first world problems!) I opted for the bronzini and my wife got the risotto with crab meat.  The fish was cooked perfectly, cut into about 4 sections and served in a large bowl instead of a flat plate, the sauce was thick and delicious makinf this dish almost a stew.  Overall,  one of the best fish dishes I've had.  My wifes risotto, while at first seeming to be a little on the small size for the price, was very well prepared, rich and dense so wound up being just right.Between dinner and desert our waiter got a bit overwhelmed when a big party came in but one of the other servers spotted this and came to fill in which definitely speaks of a level of concern for the customer which is nice to see.  Side note: the large party seemed to be having a fixed menu dinner which looked really nice.Chocolate mousse dessert was pretty good although tasted a bit like it had sat in the fridge a while but still not bad.Used my tablet for this review so sorry for weird spelling or grammar.
