4	This place reminds me of my mother who can't pass it without popping in and getting a rice ball for us. If you've never had one they have a flavoured centre, surrounded by rice and coated in breadcrumbs. It's really small but creates the most glorious cakes and pastries. They do birthday cakes as well. I know, because of the tramworks Leith is a no go area, but its worth the trip.
4	I'm not really into this kind of shop or mountains of sweet food, but I've given the Sicilian Pastry Shop four stars because I know many people would really like the confectionary it offers.  It is quite expensive and if you will spend more in here than in the average baker's, however, the quality of its cakes is far superior to any normal bakery I've been in.  The front counter is extremely impressive with shelves, rows and columns full of expertly crafted cakes.  The icing on some of their cup cakes was like a work of art, but at 90p each they weren't coming cheap.  The service is friendly, the shop feels light and clean and they also make large orders of confectionary for weddings, Christenings and the like.  Although not really my kind of place or food, Sicilian Pastry Shop offers top quality, intricate confectionary for many occassions.
4	If something is really worth the money, then there is no way I resent paying it - and that mantra pretty much sums up anybodies experience at the Sicillian Pastry Shop.It's waaay more expensive than some bakeries in the city - especially ones like Greggs, but by God - its so worth it! The quality of the stuff they sell here is second to none.I hear they also do catering and also make personalised cakes as well, although I couldnt comment on those services.This shop is excellent. Bring meney. Buy Cake.
3	Ahhhh cakes and pastries........how I love thee!!This place looks fabulous and smells even better!! Taste however, leaves a bit to be desired. On the two occassions I've been here I think I made the wrong choice, as the cakes I had were stale and not very nice. My friends loved their choices though.Don't have a cupcake when you come here, choose something a bit more exciting - learn from my mistakes!
4	This is a great place to grab a bite to eat or to stock up on pastry items, simply because the food here is very good.  Not only this, but it is also very good value for money making it affordable to buy a big batch of food from here and it does tick all the boxes.You honestly won't regret buying food from here and if you do doubt me then just try one of the snack items and see what you think as this won't cost you very much.  In addition, to what you might expect they also do fabulous cakes for special occasions so if you've got anyone in mind who you want to get a cake for that will be a cut above the average cake you might get, this is the place to come.
4	I have a confession to make: The pastries in the Sicilian Pastry Shop frighten me. Every time I go past and glimpse at the rows of gigantic cakes, puff pasties, cream buns and iced deserts, I get visions of Tony Soprano and his crew. Some times, they select half a dozen pastries to eat in the strip club with their espressos. Other times, I imagine them pistol-whipping customers that dare to look in their direction as they demand half the shop's takings and the baker's freshest cakes.  I'm sure they taste good but are they worth the possibility of being iced to death? ;-)
5	Panninis and Pastries and Pies...Oh my!I was working in Edinburgh for the day and we stopped off for a quick lunch while we were out and about. Now, I live a 5 minute walk from this bakery, and yet haven't been here for years. There is something so very wrong about that!In the shop, they have a huge selection of sandwiches, baguettes and stromboli, and the prices are fantastic odds for a delicious mozzarella, sun-dried tomato and basil pannini (why would you ever eat over-priced, pre-packed sandwiches again?)The cakes and pastries are simply beautiful, delicate, colourful and, if my chocolate donut was anything to go by, so very yummy! The celebrations cakes they make are just stunning, and they were lovingly baking away in the room next door while we were in. I think I'll be ordering one for the next special occasion requiring a cake (or maybe we can just have a Yelp cake eating night!)If you only do one thing for the rest of the year, pay this bakery a visit, eat cake and be extremely happy!
5	You want pastry, huh?! Well they can get you pastry, hell they can get you cake, pies and sweet savoury doughnuts (with ham and cheese) *breathe* I do always make an effort to get here on time as it will otherwise end up queueing and missing out on favourite snackies. We have also ordered big celebratory cream and fruit cakes and they got a wide selection of choice.No they are not the cheapest but they cannot afford to be with the ingredients used and craftsmanship they offer. But they are not any ordinary high-street, come a dozen pastry bakers, no no no they deserve every penny you can give 'm.
5	Traditional. Delightful. Just the ticket if pastries are your thing. For me, an occasional treat worth the effort and wait. For Italian friends of mine, a weekly must. Worth a walk down The Walk...
5	I don't think there's anywhere else like this place, in Edinburgh. It's an absolute gem, packed with shiny delights. Great soup and excellent savoury treats were what took my fancy, but I can't wait to go back and test out more of their repertoire. Oh, and it's ridiculously good value, too.Overall, we said: "I was thoroughly delighted with the Sicilian Pastry Shop. If it were a bit nearer to my place of business, there would be an extreme likelihood of me visiting it on a dangerously frequent basis. As it is, there are still enough places on the way to it, to distract me. For sure, you should visit it very soon, as the quality on offer is really impressive. Savoury and sweet lovers alike will be in for a genuine treat."
4	Good selection of pastry and pastas, birthday cake is outstanding.Instead of heavy frosting  the cake was covered by fresh whipped cream and filled with jam and topping with fruit  and puff pastry :)  Plus they can write birthday blessing on the cake in Chinese!!
5	This place is amazing! So good in fact that if you wait until after lunchtime to go you may be disappointed to find that most of their pastries have already been snapped up. On the plus side, it means that you're guaranteed a fresh pastry when they don't last long enough to go stale. They do a selection of sandwiches and savoury pastries but I definitely go there to satisfy my sweet tooth. Having become a regular customer, I try to choose something different each time I go and have yet to find something I dislike! You can also get large cakes for birthdays or other celebrations. I've not tried them yet but they look fantastic, as you can often see them being decorated when you go in.This place is definitely a must try!
5	Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm! I was feeling terribly virtuous on Saturday, having spent the morning at the gym, but was tempted by the Sicilian Pastry Shop on my way home and probably undid all my good work.  We picked some ham and cheese calzone (deep-fried for extra naughtiness, only real criticism would be that the cheese was nasty cheap stuff, but frankly the whole affair was too tasty to really care), some cornettis (not actually what I thought I was ordering, but very good) and the most amazing fruit tarts - boyfriend had raspberry and I went for classic strawberry. Delicious. Pretty busy at noon on a Saturday, and it's only open til 3, so I'd get there early if you want the good stuff - next time we go we're getting spinach panzerottis and no doubt more of the many amazing cream cakes.
5	There's this thing, when you're doing your PhD, it's called a Troika and it's a terrifying three person first year review of all the work you've been doing when you really don't know what you're doing and it's scary and there sit your supervisors and some random genius doctor, lawyer, philosopher that are going to decide the fate of the next three years and possibly the rest of your working life. Luckily, one of my supervisors is Italian, and the others are human beings... so I brought cannolis from The Sicilian Pastry Shop. Needless to say it all went swimmingly as 20 minutes of the hour session was spent discussing how. damn. good. the cannolis were. That good that you would trust them with your life.
5	This is one of those places I don't go to too often, as I would be very broke and very fat(ter) very quickly. Simply stated, their cakes and biscuits are amazing, and the Nutella doughnuts are one of my favourite things ever. Also recommended are the loose cakes you buy by weight, the huge chocolate chip cookies and the coconut slices.Apparently the panini and pizzas are good too, but I've never been able to look past the cakes when I'm here. Maybe one day.
4	Def a 4.5 from me. Would get a perfect score but every time I go to specifically try their canneloni's they are sold out. Which yes, is a good sign but sucky at the same time. But they never let me down with these wee cookies that are half dipped in choclate, they pratically melt in my mouth. The buttery sweet deliciousness shows great skill and an overall good product. I can only imagine how good their canneloni must be. Their wee pizza slices are also quite good for a quick lunch.
5	So I got to try the cannelloni's.  YUM! We got one of each (almond filled and regular) and split them both. I can't even tell you which one I liked more, they were both delish!!! This place is hands down the best desserts I have had in the Burgh thus far. I am in love with those cannelloni's!!!
3	If there is one thing this wee shop knows how to do, its the creams.  Abit of this and tad bit of that..and it all sums up to "the creams are soo good!' just the right amount of sweet, decadent yet fluffy.  I recommend anything with their signature Sicilian creams and custard as base.  Disclaimer: This recommendation in no way approves of their pseudo cheesecake.  The cheese is substituted for a weird mixture of gelatinous whipped topping.  The whole thing is just a no-no, so just don't. But as for Neopolitans, swans, cannolis, tarts- go & get 'em!!
