4	Seriously, these sweet potato fries. It seems the trend on Penn doesn't stop at Spak. I stopped in randomly and had a great chat with the owner to the tune of the Phantom of the Opera soundtrack (courtesy of a radio station he once found accidentally and has since tuned his car, home, and work stations to).  I saw sweet potato fries advertised as a sidekick to the day's special, and decided to take the plunge. So satisfied! As I carried them over to where my cohorts were standing outside, across the street, everyone perked up and demanded to know where the incredible smell was emanating from. The taste, I can assure you, lived up to the olfactory hype, and the spicy ketchup (although not the best spicy ketchup I've ever experienced) was a nice addition to break up the practically never-ending stream of potato. (Trying to convey to you that the serving size = ginormous)I hope this incredibly limited review helps convince you to barge in there and order everything on the menu, immediately.
5	Neighbor stopped by and asked me if i wanted a gyro from this new place down the street, said sure. I am a loyal Salim's on Centre Ave. But gave it a try. All I have to say was.. delish. The cucumber dressing was different, not a cool taste, but a more of a zing. Wasn't overrun by the lettuce, but the actual meat. Havent personally been in there, but will be going to see whwt other surprises they have.
4	I have passed this place lots of time but never gave it much thought until I read the reviews. So I went today expecting something great and was not disappointed! I got the gyro meal and a slice (more like a slug) of the chocolate cake and everything was delicious! The gyro had plenty of meat and the tzatziki  sauce was really nice with the veggies. The prices were almost as much of a treat as the cake! It may be the oncoming food coma but I am sure my bill was only a little more than 8 bucks. You can't really get tasty real food and be full on 8 bucks at too many places. Go now!
5	All of the food here is delicious and very fairly priced. Yum! Yum! Yum! My faves have been a special philly cheese steak wrap and the gyro. The fries are not amazing but are good enough. The soups are wonderful.
