4	This place barely gets it 4 because of its great service. It really is the best service I have ever received at a hotel. I was there 5 nights, alone, on leisure. I did upgrade to the premium room, as I have heard the others are a bit lacking in decor. I also wanted that free internet access, and I used it! It was also very easy to set up, extremely convenient.The building is hard to miss, very different design, but it is downtown with all the other sky scrapers. The location really is great. I was in the center of everywhere I wanted to go, and right by the metro. The underground city seemed to be mostly cheap shops, though. Downtown can be a bit less than picturesque, though, for walking, but you are very close to old town/old port. The room itself was not particularly new looking. The carpet and upholstery had obviously been redone, but the wall paper was starting to peel. The bed was heaven, though. HEAVEN. The room size was fine for me. The view was of mostly other sky scrapers, so nothing breathtaking, but it was still neat to be up high.  Upon arriving, I had a chasseur right away, I was checked in, and taken up to my room in a friendly, and quick manner. The concierges were very willing to help, though sometimes I felt better off checking things out online.Go to the restaurant upstairs for dessert, some night, it is very nice, and the restaurant downstairs is good for a quick Poutine. Breakfast in-room is overpriced, don't bother unless someone else is paying. ($14 on the menu $23 on the room bill!) Overall, a very good bet. Price is fine for the room you get.
5	Many amazing MTL nights were centered here.Sorry about that MTL._C$
1	I got to the Delta CentreVille at almost 11pm after a very long day and delayed flight. All I wanted to do was get a good nights sleep in before getting up early the next morning, BUT as I pulled back the covers of my bed, the comforter had holes and the comforter and sheets were full of static and there was this strange reddish-orange stain on the sheets...yuck! I didn't know what it was and didn't want to take my chances so I slept on top of the blanket.This morning I awoke with enough time to get myself ready and as I was about to jump in the shower I realized that there were NO BATH TOWELS!!! I called housekeeping who said they would send them up, but 10 minutes later I still had no towels. I called back and was told that they hadn't come yet because the housekeeping guy doesn't start his shift til 7am. WTF!!! I don't care! My towels should have already been in the room when I checked in! I was already grumpy about not getting a good nights sleep and now this lady is throwing some stupid excuse at me..I just wanted my damn towels so I could get ready for work on time.Not that getting my towels is any better because the washcloths had holes and when I got into the shower there was mold! I am allergic to mold...awesome.Ok so I finally get ready and head downstairs. I ask the front desk for directions to my destination only to be given the WRONG DIRECTIONS! So I'm now late, walking around lost in my oh-so-UNcomfortable heels, and on the wrong side of town. Fantastic. As we speak I am seeking other hotel options and if at all possible I will be checking out of Delta CentreVille early!!
4	The Delta Centre-Ville is one of the nicer ones I've stayed at. The location is fantastic; only a few mins walk to the Old Port or Ste-Cat in the other direction. If you're driving, it's close to the Bonnaventure highway to go east and Highway 540 heading towards the airport and Toronto.I recently stayed at the Delta for a conference and I have to say that the conference rooms are very nice. The only negative comment is about the catering. The food leaves a LOT to be desired. Delta for the price you charge, you should offer a better catering service.
2	This is a nice place in a great location, in old Montreal. The service thus far have been friendly.There is a pool which is nice, so don't forget your swimsuit. I should let you know that there is no jacuzzi.While the room is nice, I wish it had more hooks for hanging towels and hand towels. You have to pay for internet which is a bummer. There are computers available in the lobby if you forgot yours at home. Parking is available but I should let you know that it is expensive. There is a restaurant in the building, but didn't try it because it is expensive. It is more expensive then eating in Old Montreal.Another negative is that there is no safe in the room. It is an alright place to stay and is a reasonable price. Oh, it has a great view if you get a room high up. =D
2	-1 For no wireless internet - I was told that they are under renovations and wireless will be back once the renovations are complete. Until that happens you'd think they would give you free internet in the room.-1 For charging $9.99 for wired internet in the room?!? You'd think by now hotels would learn and give us internet in rooms for free. What makes this even more crazy is that they offer free wireless internet on the main floor.-1 for $30/day for parking here. (I understand this is downtown Montreal but $30/day? When I'm staying here for the week?)Rooms are clean, room service is prompt and maid service seems to be great. There is no fridge in the room which kind of sucks in my opinion.Other than those things mentioned above this place is alright, I like the location which is why I have decided to continue staying here for the week, otherwise I would've considered moving to another hotel.
2	I'm here for 2 more nights, but here's the assessment thus far....the lobby isn't bad. Makes you think you're in a standard Delta Hotel. Not the case. No upgrades (to Gold members) that includes more than 2 double beds. That's fine. In the room the decor is from 1983. That doesn't bother me so much, since I got a fair rate. There is supposed to be wireless, but our room has no signal. There's a hard connection, which costs unless you work for the Feds, or have Gold status.At breakfast (in the hotel restaurant), the staff was very nice and the food was good, but  no kids menu was offered, so my wife & daughter split a fruit plate and a bagel. I got the fruit salad. The fresh fruit plate was fresh. There was a small issue with our bill, but Simon was able to fix this, and was very pleasant.Came back for dinner....ordered a beer and pizza, daughter ordered lasagne (kids menu) and wife ordered a burger. Daughter had a meltdown (bedtime) and the staff was understanding when we asked if we could just get the food sent to our room. What arrived  was an adult lasagne...that's it. I had to go back down to ask for the ice cream and veggies, which Simon again was able to bring (this guy is great). We've been here for 24 hrs and this is how things have gone. We'll see how the next 48 hrs go.
1	Here for a conference. Less than impressed. Wifi was advertised, but it's only available in the lobby. They have a hard wire in the rooms but it doesn't work with Windows 7 and there was a charge anyway. My bed had holes in the sheets and when I pulled them back, there were chips or crumbs behind the pillows. Rooms are decorated like its 1980, except the wallpaper is peeling off the walls, so let's say 1985. The air conditioning in my room is either freezing or doesn't work and it's loud as hell. Good luck sleeping through that. The worst part was that this room was at least $50 per night higher than my other options, but I was a attending a conference here so it made sense to be in the hotel. I definitely to not recommend this hotel for the price.
4	Very nice hotel with great services, stores and room service.
3	I was at this hotel for 2 weeks and don't have any major complaints. The rooms are decent and clean. Delta beds are always comfy. The restaurant is not very good at all, even less than i'd expect from a lobby restaurant. Plus I had an awful pint of beer that was $9. The gym has outdated equipment and is kind of small. The pool is too weird of a shape to do laps in but might be okay to bounce around in. I didn't use it. The glass window in the elevator looking outside is kind of cool i guess. I did enjoy the breakfast on the top floor for Signature Club guests. Lots of selection of uncooked continental breakfast items.It's in the middle of the financial district but close to Old Montreal and not too far a walk to entertainment and shopping.
4	Very nice hotel, clean, good stores, excellent food in room service. I'm not paying for it though:-)
2	Outdated but bed was comfy. They are renovating in March 2012 though
1	The website led me to believe there was free wifi. It didn't mention that this just meant weak wifi in the lobby. I didn't bring a laptop or Ethernet cable, so am now stuck with no Internet in my room and a useless iPad.
3	Delta Centre-Ville is a nice hotel, located centrally in downtown Montreal and close to many businesses and the Metro. I stayed here for one night and had a good experience despite a few flaws.The room was clean and you get a nice view of the city no matter what floor you are in. The decor though is dated, probably from the early 90s but it was better than other places I have been to. There was no mini-fridge and the coffee machine was a tad slow at brewing hot water. The bathroom was very clean and had enough towels for my whole family, a plus.The downside was that there is no wi-fi, weird since most hotels already have them, even the crummy ones. Staff in the front desk informed me this as wi-fi was only available in the lobby but explained that there is free wired internet in our room. Good thing I brought my laptop and I was very impressed with the speed, 10x faster than what I have in my house.There are two restaurants at the Delta though I didn't had time to dine. There were other eateries nearby and by the subway so there was no need to eat here. The hotel although pretty on the outside, definitively needs a facelift inside. But otherwise, I enjoyed my stay here.
2	i think when it comes to hotels i'm pretty hard to please although my preferences are definitely not too demanding. we stayed in delta centre ville as it was close to the olympic basin and that was the primary reason for visiting. it is around the corner conveniently located by the subway as well. the  hotel might even be connected to the subway underground because we saw an entrance way at the station labeled delta hotel but we didnt ask since it seemed closed anyway. however for nightlife/food/entertainment it isnt the ideal place. parking wasnt too hard to find but  i'd probably prefer to be living on st catherine somewhere. the hotel was relatively close to downtown but at night the streets to walk back are pretty deserted and iffy if you were a bunch of females on your own or even being accompanied by guys who are in lalaland and not aware of their surroundings. i think the hotels in this area tend to cater to business folk so the area is rather secluded.the rooms have been remodeled and it shows, new carpet and possibly new beds. the bathrooms are building up on mold and already falling apart/not maintained well. the a/c in our room only seemed to blow at the bed near the window (double bed room) and didnt have a good flow/circulation so one bed would always be cold while the other bed was rather hot. the bathroom is a good sized so it doesnt feel claustrophobic and the lobby is very large /very spacious but slow service. for the price that was paid, i would much rather spend a bit more and stay on st catherine for my comfort and be in the downtown area where all the action is.
2	I stayed for two nights during labour day weekend. The staff were very friendly which is why this place didn't get a 0-star rating but everything else wasn't too great. When I arrived at 5pm to check in, my room wasn't ready even though check in is at 3pm. We used the wait time to park our car downstairs. The reception informed me that the hotel was completely booked for the weekend, so in order to park my car, I'd need to search between the first and second level of parking to get a spot. What they neglected to say is that...the hotel has over 700 rooms but only 50 parking spaces!! It took 45 minutes, not only to find a parking spot but to park our car in the awkwardly placed spots. I was surprised at what was considered a parking spot, like a triangle or a box half the size of a standard north american car, but maybe they just weren't what I'm used to.Once parked, we headed up to our room on the 15th, and I was happy to discover that the view was nice. We were facing the city.  Part of why I give this hotel 2-stars (again, instead of 0) is because of the efforts made to maintain guests' privacy. Not once did I hear noise outside of our room, and the windows were treated in such a way that we could look out but no one could look in. The other wonderful bonus was free wifi which was useful.
4	There are many pros of this hotel.  First and foremost is the location of the hotel is excellent since it is close to everything-the pathway, the Eaton centre and transit.  We stayed here two nights and were happy with the service at the front desk.  Moreover, when we ordered room service, it was relatively quick and inexpensive.  The cons of the hotel are the wifi which you must plug in to and the cable which then means that you have to work at the desk.  Overall, I would recommend this hotel if you want to be downtown.
3	After my fourth stay in four months, it was time to review this hotel. I came twice for pleasure, and twice for business.Centrally located, it's about a 10 minute walk to Old Montreal proper, 10 minute walk to the Bell Centre or about 15 minute walk to St. Catherine Street. It's also connected to the metro underground - Square Victoria on the orange line. Sweet!The newly reno'd Mode rooms are decked out with flat screen tv's, mini philosophy bath products, and iPod dock alarm clocks. It feels like you're in a much chicer boutique hotel. The non-reno'd rooms are fine, expect a basic hotel room with old school tv's and comfy beds.Room service is prompt and the food is a-ok. Nothing to write home about, especially considering you're in Montreal with tons of foodie options at your fingertips.One specific thing to note, if you end up in a signature club room you'll have access to the signature private lounge and complementary continental breakfast. The lounge offers city views, free coffee bevies, national newspapers, snacks from "4 a 7" and a quiet place to get some work done. Pretty perfect if you're away on business.Parking is $24 a night.Last thing to mention, Quebec is a francophone province with Montreal being the most bilingual city. Staff here are fluent in both languages, but you'll note French comes first.
4	This was home for a week recently for conference. Location is key when visiting a new city and for anyone going by train, I dare them to find anything better. The hotel is located about two blocks from the main VIA train station and close to several lines in the metro system. But it's within walking distance of Old Montreal and Chinatown, both must-gos if visiting for the first time. The staff were fluent in both French and English, and even appease me a little when I decided to try my broken French on them. The two lunches and one dinner I had at the hotel were both with the conference, but it says something about a kitchen when even the buffet food is great! My only critique would be that the WiFi was a little weak in my room. Other than that, it was a pleasant home away from home for a rainy week in Montreal.
1	My sister and I decided to spend a long weekend in Montreal. We went with Priceline to get our hotel and were reasonably pleased with getting the Delta Centre-Ville as the hotel we ended up bidding on. It's a pretty good location and an okay price for a 3-1/2 star hotel in Montreal (from what we were finding were normal prices). We paid around $125 a night, if I remember correctly. However, take into account that parking is around $25 extra per night, so really you're looking at $150/night...so it's not cheap and I was expecting 3-1/2 star quality. I did NOT get that.The lobby looked pretty promising, clean and modern looking, but our room certainly doesn't look like any of those pictures you see on the travel sites. The furniture was old and worn. The curtains were also worn and one had a hole in it that looked like it had been burned with a cigarette. The bathroom was very dated. The mirror was all that fake, gold brass, with lightbulbs that got really hot and there was no fan! There was also a single hook in the whole bathroom to hang towels on. Not even a towel holder, just one hook. The wallpaper was old and peeling in places. The floor, where the door opened, was ripped and missing chunks. The bedding was old and dingy. There was TONNES of mold on the ceiling where the A/C vent was. In retrospect, we should have complained, but it wasn't so bad we couldn't sleep there, so we made due. All this even would have been fine. I would have given it two, maybe even three stars (if I was feeling generous), except for what happened AFTER we checked out.My sister had put the room on her credit card and she noticed a $100 charge from the hotel on her card when she got home. Since we had gone through Priceline, you pay in advance, so we had already paid for the room. She called up the hotel to ask about the strange charge. The girl she spoke with told her that this was a sort of "downpayment" that they charge when you check in and assuming you don't make any charges, they reimburse you. So far fine, right? Except this was not explained politely. The girl was very rude and curt in explaining. No one had mentioned this when we checked in and my sister said so. The girl then told my sister that, "If you ever travelled, then you would KNOW about this sort of thing, because EVERY hotel does it...Are you happy?" My sister was shocked by this response and just said yes and hung up. Then, regaining her bearings and realizing how rude the exchange had been, called back and asked to speak with a manager. She explained to the manager how she had been treated over the phone and the manager said she would speak to the girl. Obviously we have no idea if this happened, or how it was dealt with.The fact is that 1) We actually travel quite a bit and NO actually Hotel Girl, other hotels do NOT charge you randomly, for no reason and 2) What if we didn't travel often?? How rude to throw it in our faces, as though this is something that any idiot should know, when it hadn't been explained. So you know what....I can take the crappy room and old, dingy decor...but I can't take the hotel staff being blatantly rude and obnoxious. I would not recommend this place.
1	OMG, growing up I always thought Delta's were nice and higher end hotels.  After staying here for a few days, I couldn't wait to checkout.  This hotel is super dated, I understand they are making renovations to some of their rooms but the lobby, elevators, hall ways...everything will need an update!  So bizarre for trendy downtown Montreal to have a hotel like this.  The rooms were clean and service was ok though, but for the price point I would suggestion looking else where.
2	This hotel is well located on the edge of old Montreal. But, it is tired, the staff are helpful, concierge staff are great. checking in was not great.  Used Expedia to book the room and did not get the room we booked. We were told it was because we used expedia... You are treated like a second class guest. room was tired. Bathroom door had rusty hinges, sink cracked, only one bed when we booked for three adults. The did provide a cot for the other adult.Really tough to recommend the hotel but if you stay the concierge staff are great.
