5	If you like blues, this is where you go.  Period.  There's really not much more to say.  Blues and jazz bands play here almost every night of the week.  Drinks are cheap and the music's fantastic.  Check out local favorites Andy Walo and the surf rock band Thee Swank Bastards playing here.  They won't disappoint.
4	Liked the place.  Walked in, looked at the clientele, and went "oh oh."  I've walked backwards out of more bars than I'd like to remember.  There was this one place outside of Fayetteville, Arkansas...I almost had a Ned Beatty flashback...but I digress.  Everyone was cool here, and we had a great time.One of my fellow NoDaks recommended the place.  It's a nice change from the casinos if you're (a) traveling to LV and (b) like live music, esp blues.The band was great and the beer was cold and cheap - the bar's nothing flashy but it might be worth the trip for you.
5	Wouldn't change a thing about the Sand Dollar.  Great music... check, dive bar... check, out of the way location... check.  All these elements make for a true blues bar in a city where artifice has been wrongfully escalated to an art form.  Music that feeds your soul in a no-frills environment that won't bastardize the experience.  Out of the way for most tourists, if they're any there, they love the blues.  That's what it's all about... so good you can almost taste it..,.
4	Great discovery and a definite destination for future conference trips to Vegas. If you have a soft spot for bars with nondescript, slightly intimidating exteriors but a genuine, neighborhood feel on the inside then this place is for you. We arrived way too early (7.30pm) for the music and so was pretty quiet. What is one to do in such situations? Aha - a Eureka moment provided the answer in the form of multiple beers in rapid succession punctuated only by phoned in orders of burritos from a nearby hole-in-wall kindly ordered for us by the bartender. The band eventually decided to start around 10.30pm by which time we were definitely in the groove - a 20 minute, feedback infused bluesy-rock version of Voodoo Chile was awesome and inspired additional celebrations of beer. Overall, a friendly, sketchy, dark, welcoming place that (if you don't misbehave) is likely to be a welcome respite from the hell-that-is-Vegas experience.
4	A Vegas classic for, oh maybe 100 years...or so it seems. I hadn't been here in quite a while but  it's still how I remember it - in a good way. It went away for a period of time, replace by a ridiculous bikini bar but thank the divey bar God that they brought the Sand Dollar back!Great location, great bands (mostly blues and classic rock) they have open mic night so you can bring your shower voice in and give it a whirl on stage.$2 PBR drafts, yes it's low brow but I like it. They do have a great staff of friendly bartenders who keep you lubed up so go have fun, listen to some live music and enjoy a Vegas classic.
4	They had the Bar Rescue so its remodeled into the 702 Bar. But still it has the same style and music. Great place for pool after work
5	A great local bar with live music. Great place to hear rock and jazz. Off strip so it's easy for locals to avoid the strip traffic. The location on Spring Mountain, just west of I-15 also makes it easy for LV visitors to get a local vibe (and cheap beer/drinks).  About a 5 minute ride from center strip. They'll even call a cab to get you home.
