4	So, apparantly it's true.  Blonde's do have more fun.  And to think without Davanzo's, and Myra in particular, I would have never discovered this!  Living on the West Side, it's hard to find a decent place to get your hair done.  Who would have thought Tolleson would even have a salon?? But it doesn't come recommended without a few caveats.  If you are offended by religious propaganda, this might not be the place for you.  There is a Bible perched next to the latest issue of Hairstyle's Today and a cross in the bathroom.  Issues ot Christian Living (or something of that nature) are also available for the taking.  Truthfully, I've always wanted to wander in one day with a Pride Flag around my shoulders, just to see if they would kick me out.But I'm not going to risk rocking the boat because Myra does a kick ass job on my hair.  And she's very sweet, too.  I think the price is affordable, for about $100 bucks, I can get my hair highlighted, cut and styled.  And she even helps me tease my hair to cover my cowlick...that's the best service I've ever gotten at a salon!!
4	You have no idea how happy I was when this place opened - and turned out to be good! I was really tired of driving into Scottsdale to get my hair cut. I lucked out when I booked an appointment and by luck of the draw wound up being styled by Maira. She's great at what she does, sweet as can be, and always remembers little details of my life that even I forgot I told her!I really like that they don't even try to push product on you, unlike many other salons, and they give you a mini-massage before your shampoo.I took a star away because of a bad experience I had with one of their aestheticians about 2 years ago. She put Retinol on my eyelids, which is a no-no. Lots of itching and pain for a few days afterwards. She also made like she was giving me a product for free, but wound up charging me for it. Like I said, that was 2 years ago and I don't think that aesthetician is still working there, but I haven't gone in for anything other than a haircut since. If you want a facial, Blu-Sol is just a couple of doors down.A shampoo, cut and style runs me $32 plus tip. Much better than driving to Scottsdale and paying twice as much for the same service!
4	I am new to the area, just stepped into the salon to inquire about prices, etc. Kristina Eugenio was up front talking to the receptionist & we talked for a few minutes about my highlights, etc. I booked an appt. w/her & she turned out to be the BEST stylist I ever went to. She is extremely good at what she does & my hair never looked so natural! Highly recommend Kristina plus she is a nice nice person as well :)
