5	note: the 5 stars i'm giving this place is for their happy hour menu, not the regular menu. if you order off the regular menu no amount of advice can help you.M&S has to have one of the best happy hours in the world, aside from Spearmint Rhino. $3 drafts and a rotating $2 bar food menu, such as 1/2 lb. burger with fries, hot wings, fish tacos, beef taquitos, etc. don't order the fish chilli though, it tastes like A1 sauce. they got a lot of winners on tap, like kiltlifter, guinness, bass, fat tire, pyramid hefe, etc.happy hour is from 3p-6p and then again from 9p-11p, which is pure genius. make sure you get your parking ticket balidated, because the Eritrean girl in the parking garage will make you go back in the restaurant and get that joint stamped if you forget. BUZZKILL.
4	Just wanted to 2nd the high marks on the happy hour menu. Perfect place to get beer and food after a movie at the AMC right beside it. I was a little intimidated by how nice the place looked, but the bar is comfortable, and the happy hour menu is for real.
3	I agree happy hour is a great deal for the Esplanade.  Not major drink deals, last I was there, the drink of the day was a rum punch and it was six bucks.  Stick to beer.  The food, however, is a serious deal!  I think everything is under $4-5.  Burger was decent, the ahi tostado is pretty good.  You can definitely load up on food and drink for $10 a person.Now, the dinning experience has been different for me.  Bottom line, I wouldn't pay my own money to eat here for lunch or dinner.We received ALOT of gift certificates in trade for advertising.  So, we just finished out last trip last night.  I'm outta GC's, so I'm closing the door on M&S.Overall, the food is good.  Always cooked to order, fresh, tasty.  The service has been more of a problem for me.  It very predictably unpredictable, which is a big negative for me.  The pricing is definitely in the upper middle range at an average of $22-25 or so.  The dining room can get loud.  I'm just not "wow"ed. Happy hour -- Thumbs up!Everything else -- Thumbs down!
4	Three words: Killer happy hour. If it weren't for that, it'd be another run of the mill seafood place, lost in the mix between Steamer's and Red Lobster. The bar is cool and may serve as a breath of fresh air for Merc Bar patrons around the corner, but for the most part the food is good and the service staff is very friendly.
4	Don't know about the happy hour, went here for dinner.  Very good seafood.  The escargot was one of the two best I've had in Phoenix.  The Mahi Mahi crusted with coconut was done to perfection.  The shrimp in a spicy pomodoro sauce was delicious as well.  The service was very good.  I had heard this was a romantic spot, and I wouldn't agree with that.  It was very crowded, and still we got very good service.  Centrally located, it's a bit on the pricy side, with ala carte dinners from the $20 - $50 range.
4	Not only is it Happy Hour, but they have the REVERSE Happy Hour too. The menu changes about once every quarter, but you can always count on the hamburger and fries being there and they mix in some tasty treats too like Ahi tuna nachos and shrimp cocktail.
4	A special place for me...A few years back in Seattle my fiance (then boyfriend) and I had some vouchers to McCormick's and went for our first anniversary in January and still had some left over so we went for Valentine's Day that February.  We like it so much we go there for our anniversary every year and since the first year we have always sat in a "snug" which is a private booth with a curtain so you can have a nice quiet meal with your dining guest.The food is always fantastic and I always leave stuffed and satisfied.  I always order seafood (usually fish) and my seafood-averted sig other usually gets steak.  I think it can be romantic if you're dining in the snugs, but if you're out with the rest of the diners it's just another nice dining room and can be a little on the loud side.  We have no complaints and will continue the anniversary dinners and more.Their happy hour is fantastic.  The drink specials aren't anything to write home about, but the food is worth the trip.  The burger seems to always be around and I recommend the fish tacos if they show up as well.  I've never had any bad meals and the ever-changing menu keeps us coming back for more.  I've had many, many desserts and they are all fantastic.  The creme brulee is a solid choice and the flourless chocolate cake with raspberry sauce is as sinful and decadent as it sounds.  The wine list is somewhat short when it comes to "by the glass" offerings, but I never have a problem finding one I like.Another little-known perk is their Preferred Guest Membership.  You are awarded points for every dollar you spend.  If you are a frequent visitor like myself, then it's worth it.  Otherwise, it could take far too many happy hours to rack up enough points for anything substantial.  The best part - it's free.  Details are on their website.I've also been to two other locations in Seattle and Bellevue and have had great experiences there as well.  Eat, drink, repeat!
4	This is easily one of the best if not THE BEST happy hour value in the Valley.  I hold Caffe Boa very highly in that regard too.I was a regular for McCormick and Schmick's happy hour in Downtown LA.  Since moving to Phoenix, I seem to forget it's even here, in it's hidden Esplanade office tower location.Five appetizers are $1.99 and another handful are $4.99.  Their claim to their happy hour fame is the 1/2 pound angus burger.  The Angus burger, which comes with steak fries, is decently sized and pretty good for $2 bucks.  Not the best burger I have ever had, but good considering the chump change you pay, it's a steal. Bobo and I splurged and ordered enough food for everyone in the bar, where you could just about hear a pin drop.  The calamari strips and grilled salmon cakes were pretty good too.  Bass and Hef on tap are $5 each.Granted we were also there at 9 pm for their reverse happy hour, (which is another added bonus) and watched as the last of the douchey corporate expense account 24th and Camelback crowd dwindled.Service by the outgoing server Teresa was solid, and if you're even remotely in the area, I highly suggest it for some good cheap fun post-work.If it wasn't for the happy hour it would probably be a three star place for the corporate seafood chainey feel.
4	Sure, it's a chain but I like Schmick's at happy hour for sure and it's pretty good for lunch too.   Do not pass up the Thresher Shark, and their mashed potatoes are frickin' killer.  I've actually never had a loser from Schmick's I even have their cookbook!Dinner's a bit much price wise for me, although for what I've experienced off their lunch menu I'm sure the quality is excellent.  I am a 2nd generation cheapskate though so GIMME A $2 CHEESEBURGER!!
4	McCormick's is my new favorite spot for two of the things that make me the happiest: 1) freshly squeezed and mixed margaritas; and 2) a happy hour that features decent and really cheap food. I could go without the uninspired main menu and the fairly stuffy after-work crowd, but I plan to return as much as possible for the amazing margaritas and ridiculously cheap happy hour food!I first learned about the restaurant when I posted a thread in the Yelp Phoenix talk forums - I was trying to find out where I could go in Phoenix to get a really good margarita (that is, made with freshly squeezed juices and hand-mixed). A few people (thank you, Jim K. and Natalie G.!) suggested McCormick's, which surprised me because old-school seafood places don't tend to specialize in much besides wine, beer, and old-fashioned drinks like martinis and Manhattans. Anyway, I was thrilled to discover that they were right - that is one perfect margarita!  It was refreshing, strong, and the perfect combination of sweet and sour. When we complimented the bartender (who was really nice and helpful) on the margarita, he explained that they use only freshly squeezed lime and lemon juices, sugar cubes or simple syrup, and tequila. Yum. On to the happy hour part (happy hour is M-F from 3:30 to 6:30, btw). When we arrived and took a seat at the bar, there were paper menus that featured the list of happy hour appetizers. There were five appetizers that were $1.95 (this time, the choices were: the 1/2 pound burger with fries, blackened fish tacos, fried clam strips, steamed mussels, and a seafood tostada) and several that were $4.95 (pulled pork sandwich, shrimp cocktail, and one or two others that I can't remember). We had the pulled pork sandwich, which was actually surprisingly flavorful, the fried clam strips (crispy and not too fishy), the burger (decent but a little overcooked and dry), and the seafood tostada (just ok). A whole dinner's worth of food for around $11! Even though the food wasn't outstanding, it was definitely solid and along with the margaritas, made for an enjoyable and satisfying happy hour.
4	We went back to McCormick's happy hour last Friday and were pleased to find that the margaritas and super-discounted food were just as good as we remembered. We had four of the $1.95 plates (some of which had changed since the last time we went) and two of their freshly-squeezed, freshly-mixed margaritas. The margaritas were also still absolutely  delicious, but we were a little disappointed to find out that they still cost $10 even with well tequila (last time we had gotten Patron and therefore expected a higher price tag). I still recommend trying them if you're a true margarita fan, but just know that you'll have to shell out a pretty penny (5 times as much as the happy hour price for the bruschetta, in fact). One other note - if you're going to go check this place out (and either smoke or don't mind smoke), go while the weather is still nice but a bit cooler and sit on the patio (the side by the bar is happy hour seating). It was so beautiful outside when we went, the misters were refreshing, and when we looked up, there was a beautiful (and unexpected) view of the mountains across Camelback.
4	I usually have a hard time persuading Mom to join me for a restaurant meal.  Not so when I bring up seafood at McCormick & Schmick's!  We both enjoy the sour dough table bread and butter that is only given when requested.  Lunch items are decent in prices and portions.  I find that the dayshift staff here are more friendly and efficient than the night shift.  The lunch meals flowed very smoothly: glasses always full and extra hot bread brought to the table when asked (w/out our having to repeat ourselves).  Happy hour and dinner services are something else entirely.I don't deny that happy hour apps are nicely priced.  I've only experienced HH here once, and it took awhile before I found a table I wanted to sit at (outside was noisy and smoky, and the only chairs available by the bar inside were at the ends).  It took quite some time before my server arrived.  I usually only order HH apps since I rarely drink, but she told me I had to order a drink, any drink that costs at least $2.75, before I could take advantage of the HH app specials.  So I ordered my first (and so far, my last) Arnold Palmer, which is a beverage that is half-tea and half-lemonade.  For apps, I tried the clam strips, fish tacos, and the cheeseburger and fries.  I thought the clam strips were too bread-y: not much clam-meat, just batter and seasoning.  It tasted pre-frozen.  The fish tacos were decent, but not filling.  The star app here were the cheeseburger and fries!  The burger was HUGE!!  The fries were numerous in quantity, too!  The pleasant surprise in the value of the burger and fries mitigated the disappointment I felt over the clam strips.  One huge complaint, however, was the fact that my server only saw me once, and that was to get my drink and appetizer orders.  She never came back to check on whether I would like another drink or something else from the HH and dinner menus.  Mom and I had dinner here last night (Saturday).  I couldn't believe how dead it was, considering it was only 8:15p.  We already knew we wanted to order the Dungeness crab and shrimp bisque for her and the mixed grill special for me (salmon, seabass with coconut rice and asparagus, and the shrimp-crabcake, which Mom could have since I have a shrimp allergy (sob!  I LOVE crabcakes!).  The mixed grill entree also comes with creme brulee!  Mom wasn't sure which size soup to order, but our male server told us that the cup was very small in portion, so I asked for the bowl (which, in the end, was too much).  We also asked for bread, which thankfully arrived within a few minutes.  The soup took another ten minutes.  Mom didn't think it was anything special.  Indeed, she thought that the Red Lobster bisque we enjoyed in Illinois years ago was much better.  I do remember the bread bowls of deliciousness from years past; we loved the chunkiness of the RL bisque, as well.  I told her that the higher-tabbed venues seem to serve less-chunky and more silky-smooth pureed bisques (we both agreed that chunky bisques are the best!). The mixed grill took more than 40 minutes from the time I placed the order, which is unacceptable.  Grilled seafood doesn't take long to cook!!  The entree was very delicious, though, but I would be hard-pressed to order it again if it is going to take this long to prepare.  I was also disappointed to see that the coconut rice contained *.  I LOVE *, but my immune system doesn't, and nowhere in the menu description was it mentioned that * were included.  Mom took the tainted half, but I still ended with vertigo and painful abdominal cramps from eating the "clean" half (it seemed like the rice was pre-molded in a tiny bowl or ice-cream scoop with the * in the bottom of the mold, and then placed onto the plate).  The * looked beautiful in the presentation (and Mom thought the rice tasted fine), but had I known sooner, I'd have requested them to be omitted, or at least be placed on the side.  I loved the salmon and the seabass, which were perfectly seasoned, but I found the rice too squishy, as if too much liquid was used.  The sticks of asparagus were perfectly crunchy and great in flavor!  Mom absolutely loved the crabcake... I was so jealous!  Service was objectionable: long waiting time, 2nd request for bread was forgotten, and the wait times for the seafood, brulee (yum!), and ticket were too long in between.Hope to give a favorable happy hour update!  I'd like to try some of those grilled salmon cakes Stevie P. mentioned.  I'll have to take everybody's word on the margaritas' goodness... Not much of a drinker to justify my spending $10 on one drink.  (Although, Roy's Hawaiian Martini is definitely worth paying $10 for... so smooth!)
5	Great happy hours, great service and food.
3	McCormick & Schmick's... not a bad Yelppy Hour....for the money! So tonight we do the McCormick & Schmick's Happy Hour that has been reviewed and tried by everyone in the world... well, everyone be me! Not too shabby I say.. So the real deal here is... Lets give them good food at an outrageous price... and they will come! Great Idea! The interior has warm wood paneling and fabrics of rich jewel tones which set the stage for an east coast "feel". A few of us came after work tonight to see what all the "hub" and "bub" is about. (Thursday). First of all... depressing to see the place almost empty at 5:30... there should be , by any standard, more than 25 people in the bar. Who cares right... cheap food.. reliable quality. Our server was totally friendly and attentive, but I hope it gets busy soon..otherwise this place might close as so many have. So we ordered the "Angus" burgers with Cheese ($4.95 with fries) Fried Zuks ($1.95) and the Shrimp quesadilla. ($4.95) and our drinks...(no discounts on the drinks.. but who really cares) When the food arrives, the burgers were cooked well ( no choice, offered, but heard that they normally come out pink...so did'nt even ask) .. with a generous side of fries ketchup, onion, lettuce and tomatoe. The tiny side of Russian dressing set my bud back $1.25.. but he said worth every shilling! The Panko crusted zuks,, great... no lemon, but a small side of ranch... I understand the Shrimp quesadilla was ok... but not the favorite of the diner. All in all... I'd come back with buds in tow. I think for the $20.00 I spent tonight for 2 Skyy and tonic and "Angus" burger was totally worth it. The website has a much different menu for the bar food with accolades from 2005.. shame that they are counting on that to draw customers. 'common guys.. lets update the website!The Good: Location, prices on food!The Bad: Full price drinks..well the ones I ordered.Just Plain Ugly: The fact the bar was empty.
3	Went here for Christmas dinner. I like the ambiance of this place. Dim lights, wood paneling. Very cozy. I ordered the bisque as starter. It came with shrimp and I think crab. I was so yummy and had just a bit of a kick to it. Well I thought it had a kick, one of the people I was eating with who loves spicy foods didn't even notice. For my meal I ordered the stuffed sea bass. Soon after I ordered I was told that they were out, which seemed weird to me because I thought they printed out a lunch and dinner menu once a day and we got there at 4 and there weren't that many people there that early. Anyway, I selected the stuffed lobster instead. It was good. It was half a lobster that was stuffed and then the claw. I love seafood so I could have done with a more generous serving. Oh, well. Ask for bread! After reading the reviews here and getting to the restaurant I noticed that no other tables had bread. And although there were 5 of us eating dinner, I swear they brought us just enough bread for 2-3 people each time so we kept having to ask for more. All in all it was a nice meal with great company.
2	Sat at the bar and had Byron, nice guy, waiting on me.  I wasn't too thrilled when I saw that the $5 happy hour red wine selection was a Penfolds (?) cab/shiraz blend, but Byron said it was good, so ordered it.  (I'm not fond of shiraz...)Chose the deep-fried zucchini and the blackened cajun-spiced chicken sandwich with fries off of the $1.95 menu, with the chicken sandwich selection entered first.  It's a good thing I added the zucchini, as it arrived much earlier than the sandwich.  I'd already polished the dish off (nice, light, crispy coating of panko with a side of rather tasteless ranch dressing), as I ended up waiting another 8 to 10 minutes for the sandwich to arrive.  The sandwich was good (loved the spice rub!), allthough I had to throw away the **.  Still a good-portioned meal without the omitted items, as it came with a side of fries.Didn't feel comfortable enough to take photos of the food... Don't know why as I usually don't let what others think influence my actions, but there you have it.  I think happy hour at Roaring Fork's spoiled me a little bit...
4	I eat here at least once a week due to convenience and time, it's near my office. The service is uniformly excellent, the menu is basic but changes slightly almost daily and the prices are reasonable most of the time. They often have surprises at lunch on the specials menu and are very accommodating with changes, dietary restrictions and general fussiness that sometimes happens when everyone is on a diet. The GM Robin and Asst. Lise are a pleasure to deal with as well. Yes, it's a chain, and sometimes feels like it, but the beauty of chains is a dependable level or service and consistent value and food quality, they deliver on all three.
4	Love the 2.95 jumbo happy hour Cheese burger!I also enjoy the Tuna melt very much, this is the only place I will eat a tuna melt. Come to think of it I have never had one before this. Now I am a fan. Butter toasted sourdough surrounds this huge pile of yummy tuna with capers and such, don't forget the cheese. It is served with huge steak fries yummy. The lettuce wedge is a great lunch, the serve the wedge with 2 tomato wedges two slices of cucmber, real bacon bits, fried leeks and lots of blue cheese. yeah it's good. taste it and see.The clam chowder... hmmm shut the front door it's fantastic! The lobster bisque is delish too!Happy our food is yummy drink specials are so so. Happy Hour Monday - Friday 3:30pm to 6:30pm and Monday - Saturday 9pm to Close. Sometimes they will close at 10pm if it is slow.
5	Went here for lunch the other day...zowie! what a great place. Minute I walked in I was impressed as I have a liking for rich dark woods. Great looking place. had a seat in a big fat booth and server Kelly was over in a flash to greet us and asking what we would like to drink. I thought it was great how she explained in detail that all the juice drinks are made from fresh to order from freshly squeezed juices- WOW Are you kidding me?!?! My wife ordered a fresh squeezed lemonade and it was awesome she said. I told Kelly I wanted a glass of white wine and unlike seemi9ngly most servers these days, she guided me through the labyrinth of wines to exactly what was going to turn me on. That was artful service and it didn't stop there either.  We asked her for some appetizer selections and she explained many in great detail. We selected the Spinach and Artichoke Dip with Crostinis that was really very good - rich and creamy with large pieces of spinach (I hate when they are all diced). I ordered 4 oysters on teh half shell. Kelly brought them to the table and pointed and explained each oyster and wher it was originated: malpeque Oyster, Blue Point Oyster, Hama Hama Toyer, Gold Creek oyster. My favorite was the Blue Point. They were served with cocktail sauce and horseradish traditionally; however, it also came with if I can recall correctly was a Chardonnay infused oil or something that was outstanding to pare with the oysters. My wife has Chicken Alfredo pasta - yea she did. A bountiful splendor of  treasures form the grotto of the sea and she orders chicken. Each there own I guess but I'm not going to expand on her selection - it was chicken. This menu was so thick with things for me to order I just couldn't decide so I asked my server Kelly to choose for me and she hit it right on the mark with the Albacore Tuna sesame crusted with a Thai Chiki sauce. Outstanding hunk of fish and cooked absolutely perfectly - BRAVO! It was served with a nice Juliane of vegetables. My only issue here was the unsuspected slice of ginger hidden in there that I unsuspected ate and really hate. Great experience and outstanding service - top notch and remarkably affordable. There was so much to choose from and our server also explained that the menu changes TWICE a day - yes TWICE a day. Only thing I was out of the ordinary was a "10 UNDER $10 SPECIALS" list I guess for the penny pinching pamelas in the crowd - really seems your selling yourselves short there at the price point with  this quality, location, product and ambiance.
5	This last thursday night was my first night out to McCormick and Schmicks. The food was simply AMAZING! The menus are updated twice daily, one for lunch and one for dinner. The menu was even dated :)  This showed what was fresh and in season. I ordered the Alaskan Crab Legs that melted in your mouth! It came with a side of clam chowder that was out of this world! And served with potatoes and amazingly fresh vegtables.After a few rounds of drinks for the 4 of us the total bill was close to $200. So for about $50 a person you leave with a full stomach, left-overs for lunch the next day and GREAT taste in your mouth!!!
3	I lunched here today with a few business connections, we all had dark pants on (this is important to remember). The wait staff was very good and the gentleman who seemed to be the busboy was even better. Not only did he move quickly to clean up a glass of spilled water he validated my parking - where were the others, I have no idea.The food was fair - the steak in my wrap was a bit dry and the fries were cold. But, it was good. My belly/gut approves.   My only suggestion for them is, better linens - lint was all over our pants! Always great when you are off to another meeting.I have been here a few times... Never REALLY impressed!
5	I don't usually rave about food as I'm eating dinner. Heck, I don't usually stop to actually taste the food. I usually just scarf it down and go. Tonight was an exception.Starting with the steamed clams for an appetizer and on to the salad greens with pecans topped by balsamic dressing, the start of this dinner went very well.Then Chef Sanchez' main courses came out. My companion had the Maine lobster and I had the halibut. The lobster was done to tender perfection and the halibut was flavorful, moist, and flaky. I found myself taking time to savor the taste of the halibut along with the grilled portabello mushroom cap, deep fried tomato, and asparagus.Even the presentations were amazing and the service from our waiter, David, was exemplary.The ambience, the service, the food... all top of the line. I don't expect any of that from a restaurant chain which made the experience that much better.
4	I usually don't review chain restaurants since I don't want everyone to know that I eat at them...but I have to give a shout to this location of McCormick's!  We were in Phoenix for a quick weekend and I had neglected to do any Yelp research before leaving, so when my bf found M&S from the concierge we decided to give it a go.  We had been disappointed with our last experience at the one in Dallas so I was mainly just hoping to have my hunger satiated so I could go to bed.I was very pleasantly surprised.  We were hungry so ordered what felt like tons of food (don't judge!).  The mussels and bruschetta to start were great!  The mussels were small, the way I like them, and the sauce/broth/bread soak they were in was amazing.  I had the halibut stuffed with a bunch of stuff as suggested by our server, bf had the dover sole, both were good, but that dover sole was amazing!!!!  very light and perfectly cooked.  I wish I could cook fish like that.We finished with some kind of passionfruit mousse dessert that was SO good.  I almost took another one to go.The service was great.  I would go back to this M&S location anytime I was in town.
4	This place kicks ultimate butt when it comes to HH pricing! Martinis are about $6 which is decent but it's their version of bar food that is fantastic. I'm talking $1.95-$4.95 range for high end bar food. I had the Fried Chicken Biscuit sliders with Honey Jalapeno Mayo and it was freakin amazing & filling. I didn't need another thing to eat and it was only $1.95!! Im telling you the money you spend on food will free up the money for you to drink, and not have to drink on an empty stomach..and we all know that never ends well.
4	I have lived down the street for awhile and hadn't been here yet. Went there the other night with a couple of frineds, and it was amazing! We sat in the bar with the ever so much entertaining bartender Byron, love him! He was very helpful in us trying to figure out what we wanted to get. We started with the calamari, it was very good. It came with three different sauces to dip in, an orange whssabi, a classic cocktail and some kinda of mayo biased sauce that was tasty tasty. I had clam chowder, mac and cheese and a caesar salad. They had lobster bisque, the fillet (awesome!!!), and talapia in a Parmesan lemon butter sauce. Everything was great. The steak did come out over cooked at first but they remade is immediately and it turned out to be the best thing we had. It seemed that they also had a great happy hour, with oysters, and some other appy food and a few drink specials. I would love to go back all time time. They are a little pricey, worth it pricey tho, so that will prevent me from doing so, but as much as I can I will stop in.
4	Wife and I went there Saturday night for dinner. Kept forgetting that we had a $150 card from AmEx. This was our first visit to a location in the Phoenix area, we had been to the location in Columbus, Ohio several times and always enjoyed our meal and experience. This was no different. For apps my wife had Lobster and Crab bisque, crab was very fresh lumb crab on top of a little tower of rice. Lobster bisque was poured over table side. Flavor was wonderful and I loved the texture of the bisque. Next up was oyster sampler, 4 oysters of the day. All tasted very fresh, my only issue was some shell pieces in one of the oysters (quite a few pieces) it happens when shucking, but it was quite a few pieces. We then had the Tuna Tartar (chopped Ahi with capers, peppers, onions, dijoin and egg) served table-side with some crisps. This by far was my favorite of the apps that we had. Flavors jumped in my mouth and the crisps had a great texture to compliment the tartar. Next up was our entrees. My wife ordered the Pancetta wrapped scallops and I had the Crab, Shrimp and Brie stuffed Salmon. We also ordered a mushroom risotto for the table. I had some of my wifes dish and the scallops had been cooked very well, charbroiled just right to give the ham some texture and the scallops had absorbed the fat and flavor. Very yummy. The side with hers was a sauteed spinach that was very flavorful with wine and garlic and not over cooked. My dish was very good, could not really taste the crab, brie and shrimp as much as i would have liked... this was due to much sauce being poured over the fish. Besides that the fish was cooked perfect and I liked the side cut presentation for the stuffing. Fish was mid-rare as requested and I was happy with the dish. The risotto for the table was pretty much standard fare for risotto in most places, I was very happy that it was not overcooked and mush. Overall our experience was very nice and I will return in the future even without a gift card. One thing I would like to point out compared to our several visits at the Columbus location is that the drink menu was alot smaller, my wife always enjoy trying a bunch of the bar drinks since they use really fresh ingredients and make their own syrups. We had been used to like 6-8 page menu and here it was only 2. So overall I recommend the location and next time we will try the Scottsdale location and see if maybe they have a bigger menu.
3	McCormick & Schmicks is one of those restaurants that serves a very real purpose by providing a place to wine & dine clients, colleagues, & co-workers. The environment is really nice. If you need privacy or quiet for a more serious discussion, there are little alcoves that seat six comfortably where the curtains can be drawn to provide privacy. The service is polite, attentive, & everything service should be. My hesitation with McCormick & Schmicks is that for the price, the food is ok. It is enjoyable but not memorable & while it is not a really expensive restaurant, it is expensive enough that I expect a tad more.
3	Came here on Christmas day for lunch before catching a movie at the Esplanade. My parents and I noticed the valets in front, and seized the opportunity, as many places around here were closed for the holiday. The beauty of the menu is the ability to order as much or as little as you want. The salad with caramelized pecans was delicious, as was the crab cake. Service was quick and attentive, and we got in and out in good time, yet did not feel rushed, which is always appreciated. I had a gimlet with my meal and, though it was not made in the classic fashion with as much lime juice cordial as I would have liked, it still hit the spot.
5	They almost made me think there was an ocean near by with the large selection of fresh fish.I have visited this chain in several states and I am always impressed, parking at this one can be a bit annoying unless you just park in the adjacent center walk over. My visit started off wit their menu, which is printed daily and frequently changes, great for variety but hard for a reviewer to say try this dish. There is a very wide selection of fresh fish prepared to different global styles. I started the meal with the salmon cakes, salmon spices breadcrumbs and more all cooked in to a little mound, they were moist and crisp, the flavor balance was just right.For my meal I selected Ahi in a Asian presentation, This was served very rare if cooked at all sashimi style, there was a small coating of sesame seeds, a side of soy and wasabi. The quality of the fish it self was un paralleled. This came with an again style ginger cabbage slaw salad that was great.I did attend an event here once which had the most amazing fish presentation I had seen, there was a whole salmon cooked, and its body between the head and tail was skinned, thinly sliced cucumbers were used to create edible scales. I also enjoy the option of semi private tables, great for a date. They are in their on little cube / room with curtains that can be closed to provide additional privacy.For seafood in the valley this is my #1 recommendation and if you are ever traveling check to see if there is one at your destination as I found them to be quite consistent.
5	I love this restaurant (even though it's a chain and I can hear my brother saying it's just a "glorified Red Lobster"). I ordered the Crab and Lobster Bisque soup and am drooling thinking about how much I wish I could eat it right now. For my entree I ordered the Atlantic Salmon (stuffed with crab, shrimp, and brie cheese) which was unbelievably amazing. I also had some scalloped potatoes which was basically in the shape of a brick covered with cheesy goodness. I wanted to eat the apple pie for dessert because it looked so delicious, but could barely breathe after eating all that food. The service was outstanding, although the manager stopping by the table several times throughout dinner was annoying. I can't wait to come back here.
4	I truly enjoyed the meal i had there.  I went in for lunch and it was delicious, i had the Manila Clams to start, and the Fettuccine w/ Shrimp and Bay Scallops.  The Tilapia was also nicely done also.  Over all the service was great and i had a great time.  really want to try some more dishes.  Until next time!
4	First of all, I love to eat. Second of all, I am not a $30,000 millionaire, nor do I pretend to be one. I don't have a lot of money to splurge or waste, and most of my meals out (for my boyfriend and I) are rarely more than $30. Having said that, I was so pleased with the value here! We decided to skip Valentine's Day, and went for a "flashy" dinner on a Tuesday evening. I had a 20% off coupon, so we felt comfortable going all out. We started with oysters on the half shell, they had a mix platter so you could sample all 6 of the various types of oyster they had in house that day. Delish! Next, we ordered lobster bisque and wedge salads, two of my favorites and they were amazing. Next, came our main courses: surf and turf for me and shrimp scampi for him. Both were amazing. My filet was cooked to perfection - I asked for medium-rare and, what a concept, they served it medium-rare! It sounds like an easy "duh", but for some reason chefs in the valley are afraid to serve anything with pink!Everything was great, though, services was a little slow, but, I assume that has to do with the old-school vibe of the place, dark booths, lots of gray hair, and an old-school attention to detail and the thought that dining should be an experience enjoyed throughout the evening, not 50 minute race for the check.  The next time I am in the mood for a "splurge", McCormick & Schmicks will definitely be on the top of my list!
4	The happy hour prices are amazing!
2	Went there on a Saturday night, decided to dine at the bar because i was by myselfs.  I ordered bowl of Clam Chowder and the Main Lobster.  It took them about half an hour to bring out my chowder and during the mean time the Bongo player that was playing in the bar would not stop caughing (i feel bad for him, but they should really have just sent him home, poor judgement call on that one).  I guess over all, it was just a really slow night and no one really wanna be there.....maybe next time would be better.
3	The service was pretty awesome.  The food was very meh in my opinion.I got the restaurant week menu and ordered:lobster bisquesteak and lobster tailchocolate tuxedo cakeI enjoyed everything but the steak and lobster.The stead was worse than anything you'd be served at Applebees.  For real.  The lobster was tasteless and rubbery.Will not be returning for food, ever again.  Maybe I'd return just to sit at the bar and talk with the friendly bartenders and drink.  Maybe.
4	Check out their Thanksgiving lunch special.  Food, service and price was great.
5	I highly recommend this restaurant, especially for their happy hour! Totally worth it and the food is excellent! My favorite are the Seared Blackened Ahi which tasted superb and the Black Mussels. I tried the escargot, bruschetta and catfish bites as well and they were all tasted wonderful! I highly recommend to try this place as I found it's the best restaurant for happy hours and dinner! Great choice!
2	So, this was my first time visiting McCormicks and I was really looking forward to it as I had heard so many great things about the food , service etc..  We arrived on a Wednesday evening and there were 6 of us. The restaurant was pretty packed but none the less our server was friendly and did his best (Steve) under the circumstances.       We ordered apps, salads, wine and entrees. I ordered the stuffed salmon and was expecting it to be amazing but it fell short. The outer parts were overcooked and the inside was raw! not to mention that the crab and brie filling wasn't even as tasty as it could've been. Everyone else seemed to love their food (filo wrapped halibut was a hit) so maybe I just got the bad food on an off day. I will say that the bar service and drinks were excellent.  Again our server was good but I am hesitant to visit this location again. Maybe I will try the Scottsdale location for better luck next time :)
4	Great service. Met a friend at the bar. Good pupus. Reasonable price.
3	First off, dude that was taking care of our table was turtle slow o.k. He did not even bring waters to our table till we were in the middle of eating our entrees!! seriously, isn't water like the first thing to come out? Apparently not here. Calamari- ive had bettercoconut shrimp- prob my fav thing we had.Ohno- b/f seemed to enjoy it tilapia- was okay ( b/f has cooked it better for me @ home)martinis- very goodAmbiance was nice and romantic though..BUT LOOKS ARE DECEVING MY FRIENDS.....and everything was garnished really pretty , they use this fruit mango salsa on a lot fo stuff which was pretty tasty, but still nothing made me have an o.m.g that was good moan. in conclusion, i think i will be alright if i never eat here again.
4	Love how the menu changes twice a day! The food is always fresh, and the service is always great. We love coming here!!!
2	11/25/102.5 stars.Wasn't able to secure a reservation at either Chandler's or Ahwatukee's Mimi's Cafe, but I did have two reservations at Rustler's Rooste and McCormick & Schmick's.  Mom didn't relish the thought of having to dine outside at RR's, so M&S it had to be.Reservation was for two at 8p, and knowing we'd be slightly tardy (we arrived at 8:05p), I'd called before we left and was told that there wouldn't be any problems keeping the reservation.  It took about 10 minutes to be seated, which wasn't so bad, considering that the hosts seemed disorganized and slightly frantic, and there were about 10 or more people waiting in a scattered formation before us (it was VERY cold outside, and no one wanted to feel the breeze everytime someone opened the doors!).  However, it took another 15 mins. before our server greeted us, which also meant we had to wait that long before getting a sip of water!Food was, on the whole, delicious (w/ a few exceptions), but it was the timing that ruined the experience for us.  After being served water, we both ordered the Turkey dinner, each w/ a choice of side (Mom chose the sweet potato crumble, and I the macaroni and cheese), plus a side salad and dessert (cheesecake or upside-down apple pie- we both chose the pie).  Mom also wanted the calamari app.  How I wished I'd listened to our server when he recommended the crumble over the mac 'n cheese after I'd asked him which was better :(  The SPC was heaven (!), while the mac needed more cooking time.  Even the replacement wasn't any good.  The sliced oven-roasted turkey dinner was terrific, which included mashed potatoes, stuffing, fresh cranberry sauce, crispy green beans, and sliced carrots.  We were served cheesecake, instead of apple pie, and when we nicely pointed out the mistake, we were told that the apple pie would take a little longer as it was still baking, and the cheesecake was taken away.  Mom didn't care for the pie; I, on the other hand, really liked the homemade filling!Run-down of the timing of food delivery:8:25p- Water and server greeting.8:35p- Salad and app. delivered.9:25p- Turkey dinner entrees arrived.10:10p- Cheesecake slices placed on table and taken away shortly after.10:40p- Upside-down apple pie slices presented.10:55p- Credit receipt delivered and signed.As I mentioned above, food was solid (w/ exception to the mac 'n cheese and cheesecake mis-step), but service was extremely lacking.Even the women's restroom needed dire attention... Perhaps M&S' 4th year of T-day dinner will be more successful (I think this was the 3rd year since they first offered it), but I won't be back to find out.  Next Turkey day dining out, I'll make sure to place my reservation at Mimi's ahead of time!
5	My sister and I went here and it was great. She had the crab stack and I had the lucious fish tacos.I went back again and my husband had the fish and chips and I had the halibut special. Again just wonderful. Place is pretty and service was friendly. Plus they have valet parking!
5	Happy hour review.  This is one of the best happy hour values and quality in the city.  The fish tacos and cheeseburgers were great!  The beers are pricey unless you like PBR, $3.75, which I do and so the happy hour was great!  I will be back for happy hour many more times.
