5	Been waiting for this place to open for awhile and it was worth the wait! The collard greens were perfect. Homemade potato salad and mac and cheese. Delicious.  Also had the pulled pork and fried chicken.  Excellent.  They even dress up there fries with parmesan and fresh parsley. Will definitely be a regular customer.
5	I went on Day 1 of soft opening when you would expect things to be somewhat chaotic since no matter how much staff plans and practices...there is just nothing quite like being  Open for Biz and taking real orders with paying patrons. I was pleasantly surprised that they had plenty of persons on duty to help out and had all the processes and food dialed in.  Got to meet the owners in person (we've been waiting patiently for them to open and watching progress via social media) and they are a neat family and all very friendly. As to the food... we had the Pollack which was prepared well and had a good tasting sauce that isn't tarter and I'm not sure what it was but it sure tasted good.  We had the 7 cheese Mac-n-Cheese and..oh heck yea!  Great big noodles done just right so that they weren't too firm nor too soft and the combination of cheeses was seriously comforting as Mac-n-Cheese ought to be. And then there were the Fried Chicken Thighs which were fantastic! The owner knows his business when it comes to chicken for sure and I'm sure that will be on my favorites for some time to come.  I'll be down for Chicken and Mac-n-Cheese probably every visit and am looking forward to sampling the Shrimp and Potato Salad soon....along with any other cool surprises these folk have in store for me.
5	Yum!! So excited to have a place that offers yummy mac & cheese (7 different cheese, baked!) and the smokey hickory sauce on my chopped pork sandwich was soooo good. All it was missing was some sweet iced tea. We'll be back!
5	We have been waiting for this place to open. I am  happy to report it was worth the wait! Had the fried chicken with collard greens and mac & cheese. All was delicious. The collards were perfectly prepared. The chicken was sliced thighs that had a delicious batter. Would love to see whole fried chicken pieces in the future. This place is soul food at its best.  Go and Enjoy!
5	Our family went to Rhema on Wednesday evening not really knowing what to expect. We had the fried chicken, chopped pork sandwich, mac & cheese, potato salad and collard greens. Everything was delicious service was fantastic and quick and oh by the way you have to try the carrot and raisin slaw (wow). I can't wait to try the ribs. As we were leaving my wife commented that she felt like she had just gone to Ron and Via's home and had dinner with them. That's a huge compliment from my wife. We wish you a ton of success and will return for dinner again very soon. God bless!
5	So far it is the best soul food place in Queen creek ,but they will have more items on the menu.the chicken is the bomb.
5	A great little place for really good food. I had the beer batter fried fish and my wife had the shrimp, both were excellent. We skipped the fries in order to try other sides. I had the carrot slaw, fantastic, it was gone way too soon. My wife had the mac n cheese and it too was great. We will be back.Brian L.
4	Yummy fried chicken with crispy skin. Mac & cheese that is so rich and so good.Holding back on the fifth star only because I need to try your items on the full menu. Totally anticipating that is will be five stars. So glad we got to enjoy your scrumptious food during the soft opening. Can't wait to try other menu items. Wishing much success for this place. Love having a great family-run restaurant like this in the QC.  You can feel the love in the food. That's what soul food is all about.
5	Wow my husband and I found the best chicken thighs in queen creek Az, we were so impressed with perfection that went into these boneless one of a kind thighs. Oh and don't forget the homemade sauce is no joke. If you haven't been make sure you check it out you will be hooked,prices are great also.Tonya and Leon
5	Great family owned restaurant. The best pulled pork! The best Mac N Cheese and the Red Rice is da bomb! Go see them and support local businesses and restaurants!
5	Awesome ribs, collard greens with smoked turkey was also excellent. Place was pretty busy and food still came out quick. Will be back again soon!
5	Very good!!!! I loved the greens and fried chicken. I hope this place becomes a Queen Creek staple.
3	I'm excited to see soul food cuisine in Queen Creek Arizona. The sides was delicious but I was little bit disappointed with the fish that we ordered. But overall I can see myself coming back to this place in the future.
5	Awesome Fried chicken and mac n cheese!!  Can't wait to try the BBQ on the weekend.  We'll be back.
5	Being from St. Louis I'm pretty serious about barbecue, especially ribs. I have been unable to find a place that I will frequent until now. Uncle Ron's ribs didn't let me down. Can't wait to go back!
5	Yum! The food hit the spot and was amazing! The Mac & cheese was to die for, the fried chicken crispy and seasoned well, and the ribs were delicately falling off the bone in flavor! The "chef" and his family are very kind, welcoming people. We will definitely be returning soon!
5	When they opened last month I heard from 3 people at Norton's Country Corner (across the street from them) how good it was. My husband & I had the pulled pork, collards & red rice the first time (they ran out of ribs & tips). We both enjoyed, especially the raspberry/chipotle sauce! The following weekend was take-out of smothered chicken thighs & garlic mashed potatoes. You might not want to go out in public afterwards because it is really garlicky, but oh so good! Today the seafood cakes & 7 cheese baked macaroni. Could only eat half, so filling! But comfort food is supposed to be enjoyed, some now, and some for later. They have a small menu, and run out of certain items quickly, so order ahead or get there early. They are a small business just starting out, they put a lot of love in every bite, and the people working there are fun and friendly. They are a wonderful surprise and addition to QC!
5	Eaten here twice. Both times were excellent. I've had fried chicken thighs and the brisket tips with Mac and Cheese and fries. Food is fresh, portions are generous, and the hospitality makes you feel right at home. Definitely coming back soon!
5	Amazing yummy food! I kinda don't want to give them 5 stars cause this place will get too busy, ha! Truly a treasure for Queen Creek.
5	If I could give it 10 stars  I would. The Caribbean rice was amazing, the Boriritos (yes Boriritos) was excellent. Mac & cheese was just excellent. Collards were seasoned so well. If you need your soul food fix, go here. I am  waiting to see what the chicken & red velvet waffles taste like on my next visit. I will be back. Support mom & pops.
5	One Word Awesome!I had the fried pollock and the breading was light and not overbearing.  It highlighted the wonderfully flaky fish that was fresh and delicious.  I had a side of French fries which are really delicious.  They are made fresh and covered in parmigiana cheese with some herbs.  The Mac N Cheese was nothing short of amazing.  You must order it! There was at least 5 cheeses and they melted together perfectly to form an addictive form of this classic.I also had a side of collars which were also very tasty. The portion sizes are ample and all the food fresh and delicious. The only thing I would have liked to see is something for dessert to finish off the meal. I would recommend this place.  Can't wait to go back and try the BBQ on the weekend.
5	Finally, some really solid fried chicken in the Queen Creek area. The food itself was all excellent, we ended up trying most of the items on the menu between us. The sides are all excellent, and I could absolutely foresee going back just to load up on collard greens, mac and cheese, and some of the best potato salad I've had.I was a bit hesitant to try the fried chicken, as I've always been a white meat only person, but I figure if anything is coated in something tasty, then fried, if its done well, I'm sure I'll like it. And I am so glad that I did, the coating is phenomenal and the chicken was cooked absolutely perfectly, still moist, and served boneless in small sort of chunks. It might not look as pretty at first glance, but the flavor is excellent.To top it all off, there's the wonderful family that owns the restaurant. From the moment I called in my order, I was already happy that I had. They very obviously put their love into this food, and I hope they become a staple in this area. The experience was like getting dinner with your good friends whom you haven't seen in years.Now I need to go try the barbeque...
5	AWESOME HOME COOKED  FOOD and we need it here in San Tan!   We each had a dinner ( shrimp and pollack) which were both incredible in a light beer batter.   It comes with a side that you can substitute so we did with collard greens, carribean rice, fries and salad.  ALL --ABSOLUTE DELICIOUS HOME COOKED FOOD!   Simple sit down setting but all good and clean and really nice couple.   It's a husband wife team and they ROCK!  We are definitely going back and trying ribs, chicken, burger, etc.   YUM
5	Omg!!! The rib tips are on point. Don't be afraid of the carrot and raisin salad. It is excellent!! Mac & Cheese on point. The beer batter pollock is fried to perfection! Prices are excellent. Service is amazing, this is a place where they remember their clients. I can cook my own soul food, but I will leave my home for theirs!!!
5	This place is really good! This was my first visit and I was impressed my the quality of the food. My wife in particular loved the pulled pork. She said that it was going to be something that she craved. The boneless chicken thighs were great too. Even my super picky son liked them. The sides were good too... hand cut Parmesan fries and the red rice were our favorites. The service was also good. Since it was our first visit they took the time to explain the menu to us. Later they came around to check on us. They said good bye to us as we left. You know just the little things to make you feel welcome and valued.Just a note this place is very small. I think there were only 4 - 5 tables, so big groups should probably plan on ordering to go.We will be going back for sure.
5	Collard greens, shrimp, fries and fish were perfect!! I have a happy stomach and a smile on my face!! Nice place, great people...love it!! Cannot wait to go back and sample more of this yummy food!!!
5	Second time here and still impressed.   First off this place is run by a terrific family who cares about their food and customers. The food is delicious and you can't find anything like it for miles around. My kids love the chicken and waffles and keep asking to go back. Great BBQ and daily specials to keep it interesting and unique.  Loved the brisket tips! Really looking forward to seeing this place grow and can't wait to become a regular. Definitely make a trip out for their great soul food and even better people.
5	Awesome place. Met the owner, he was friendly & went through the menu with us since it was our first time here. Good homemade soul food. Definitely coming back again
4	Pulled up at 7, didn't know they closed @ 7 on Sundays. While sitting in the car tryin to decide where else to go the owner came out and invited us in and took our order. We chatted for a bit, dude is real cool. If the food is half as good as the friendly service we'll definitely be back.
5	I really enjoyed the owners and family and learned a lot about them.  Their food is just what queen creek needs (real food) and nothing was bad at all.  They're right on Ocotillo and easy to pull off quick to eat.  I'm full and satisfied and ready for more.  It was my first time eating collard greens and they were very good.  The menu is a decent size and they are accommodating.
5	Great food, great owners! The ribs were four MEATY tender ribs. The Jamaican heat sauce was delicious - sweet with a nice kick to it. The fries are cut into one inch pieces and seasoned with herbs-so much better than plain fries. The mac n cheese was cooked right and very tasty. Collard greens were very good too. The portion size was excellent. The owners were sooo friendly which is important to me when patronizing a business. Will definitely be back!
5	This place is fantastic!  We were a little disappointed that we arrived too early for the BBQ menu, but the food more than made up for it!  The fried pollack had a fabulous light breading, the chicken thighs were the best I've ever had, and the cheesy macaroni was pleasant and homey. I loved the spices on the Caribbean rice and didn't even notice the chopped green olives, which I detest- it was that good!  The service was kind, attentive, and friendly. We received a sample of the rib tips in a hospitable gesture. These things ensured we will return for dinner- quite possibly today!
3	The food is good but as far as value and the fact that they have things listed on the board that were not available was a little disappointing. I have been here twice now and the Brorito was excellent and the mac and cheese also good. Collard greens were a little tough and gritty. They do not offer free refills on there beverages which is also a  little tacky. I mean how much is a refill on Kool aid worth anyway? Overall the food is good but location is a bit of a hole in the wall.
4	First off I would like to say the owners are VERY nice and friendly, now off to the food part. The fries are about the best I have had from a restaurant and the potato salad was the BOMB best I have EVER had period. The Mac and Cheese was really good and the Rib Tips are the most moist I have come across and had very good flavor. 4 stars only due to the Tips not having any char on them. It's just my personal preference but will most definitely be back to try the rest of the menu for sure.
2	The food was just good. Nothing I would write home about. I found a few things that I thought was weird. The first thing is they charge for refills. Really what is the cost to do refills. Second thing as sitting there eating my food some more people came in and them like me was their first visit. They had 9 people in their party. The lady behind the counter said that they 15 percent gratuity. How do you charge this when you have to order at the counter and they don't have to bring you refills of food or drink. On the positive side the people were friendly.
4	1st time and I will definitely be going back and soon. had the chopped pork plate and you can choose 2 sides from 7 available. i choose the mac and cheese and the Caribbean rice.  everything was delicious, so glad to have found this place.
4	First time trying soul food and I definitely was not disappointed. Great food, awesome portions for great price! Awesome little place to try some good food in Queen Creek
