2	Typical grocery and drug store - owned by the Kroger chain.  Rotisserie chickens were okay, though soaking in big fats of grease within their individual bags (and we couldn't tell the difference between the "lemon pepper" and "garlic herb" varieties).  Olive bar, deli and bakery, plus the full drug store.  Just kinda underwhelming, especially compared to all the fresh and prepared foods at Fresh and Easy nearby.
4	I work in Henderson once or twice a month, there for four days at a time, and stay in a motel with a fridge and microwave.  I was grateful when someone pointed me to Smith's:  they have all manner of ready-to-eat foods available, salads, sandwiches, and single-serving microwavable hot foods.   There's a greater variety than at most groceries, and the quality of foods I have tasted was extremely high.They're also set up for the shopper who isn't buying a whole cart full of goods.  There's a very easy to use scan-yourself aisle with six checkout units so that a trip to the store for lunch or dinner doesn't turn into an hour adventure.Yay Smith's!  I am eating much more healthily after discovering it.
1	I love a good grocery store and am always amazed at the bounty of beautiful fruits and veggies found in an American supermarket, but no amount of good fruit is going to excuse a complete lack of customer service found in Smith's grocery stores lately.  Yeah, I know times are tough but is it so difficult to have at least ONE check out counter with an actual human being working?  I despise self check out (hey, at least give me a 10% discount or something!) and will opt to stand in line, even when purchasing one item, in order to make a statement that self checkout is BS, but Smith's doesn't even give you this option anymore.  They also don't even have all of their lights turned on, which is eerie and very cheap of them.  I go to Smith's for a quality experience, if I wanted a ghetto experience I would go the place where you bag your own groceries and get the discount... oh wait, at Smith's I do have to bag my own groceries... and check myself out... and still no price reduction?
5	I've never written a grocery  store review and I was taken back by the negative reviews on here. I've lived in the area for awhile, but have been going to Albertsons, Fresh and Easy, and Food 4 Less. I decided to explore today, the atmosphere is very inviting and the produce department is super clean with almost no rotten/ or going bad fruits and veggies. The store was very clean and although I only needed a couple of things I walked through all the aisles to get a better idea of what they had and it seemed like a good selection. The cheese selection was the most that I have seen (outside of Whole Foods).The main reason for this article is the excellent customer service!!!! 3 people asked me if I was finding everything okay and when I got up to the line and needed to sign up for a Smiths card, they had a bagger unload the cart so I could fill out the membership  card. I wasn't even done filling it out when they were done checking me out, very FAST compared to the other markets. This will be my new store!! Thank you Smith's for still caring about providing good service!
3	Found everything I needed and didn't encounter any odd smells our rude associates as other reviewers mentioned. I am a huge fan of Smiths because I feel like I am getting the best deals. I will definitely be shopping here again.
4	Been coming to this SMITHS Valle Verde for a few years, hard working crew, day and night,  polite and efficient.. Now that they are 24 hours a day, there is no reason for me to grocery shop anywhere else.
4	This is our local grocery store. They are not a gourmet place or boutique which seems to be why they've received a few meh reviews. They're a chain store... With that said, they've been helpful when we had a question and friendly. Shelves are always stocked and up front on the shelf. Produce is fresh, organics are expensive (as usual anyways) and the sushi is actually pretty good for the price! Be-careful in this parking lot though, people drive like madmen and don't care if you're crossing with 5 kids and two carts... you're in their way!
5	Decided to give this location another visit after years, and I mean years! I was in and out, like the burger, because a friend was on the hunt for Cristol but came up empty.I've been searching for a Smitty's in Green Valley that was comparable to my favorite location in Summerlin on Hualapai and Tropicana, and I think I have found it! Walked in with mom and we both looked at each other and said, "This is the place!" Front and center was a wine tasting in the wine section. Shaweet! The overall layout was very upscale, in which I like! The store was so clean and very well put together. I could have stayed here for hours just cruising the aisles, even though I know what to expect from a Smitty's.They had hot and ready Nathan's hot dogs that my mom jumped on for lunch. None for me, due to being vegetarian. Outside of that, I like the kosher and vegetarian selections here. Made this kid a happy camper!I would recommend anyone in the Green Valley area to come here and shop. It really does make a great name for the Smitty's chain. I do still miss my Summerlin Hualapai and Tropicana location, but this location is a totally different vibe and atmosphere that is right up there. Love it! I will be shopping here often, for certain!Oh and I agree with Matt W. People do drive like mad men and women in this parking lot!
4	Smith's is my favorite grocery store to go to since I've moved here. I always seem to get great deals on the foods that we enjoy (when we aren't going out to eat).  They have an online option to add coupons online to your Smith's card.  Plus I always get their store coupons in the mail.  Love coupons!   It doesn't hurt that it's right around the corner from me either.  ~ Their store is always kept clean.~ the produce department keeps their things fresh and displayed nicely.~ Bakery items are plentiful and so many options for goodies!~ Cashiers have always been friendly to us.. and helpful in the self checkouts!~ Like the Redbox rental is inside if we want to get a movie for the night.My only issue is a certain brand of salad dressing that we've asked to be stocked NEVER is.  There is even a sticker and spot for it on the shelf! it's a bummer when you ask several different people regarding it and they still won't order it.  Please take the sticker off of the shelf if you can't get it anymore.  It's been a year man!
4	The staff here is great! Derek is awesome and always remembers us! Good to feel welcomed at our local Smiths!
5	When I first moved to Henderson it took me close to two months to find a grocery store I liked enough to consistently go back to. Finally I found this gem! I first tried out one of the Walmart Markets and their produce just wasn't cutting it. Smith's has got very comparable prices and great produce! The employees at this location are super helpful and friendly as well! Best of all, by obtaining a Smith's card (for free from a cashier) you can upload electronic coupons to give you an even greater discount on featured products. Every Friday you can log into your account and download a coupon for the featured free item of the week! I will not be ashamed nor lie that I look forward to this! By using your card you also rack up points each month that will give you discounts on gas at Shell stations! Double win!!
5	Love them. Everybody is so nice. The staff at the express lanes are so friendly! The sushi lady is great as well!
4	I use to go to Smiths all the time when I lived close to one but now it's  harder to get to one. This one has great donuts and they always seem fresh. Now that they carry blue bell ice cream I might be making more trips even though it's not close to my house
4	I like Smith's, especially when compared to Albertson's closer to my house. The store is clean and organized. Deli counter staff are fast, friendly, and efficient. The produce always seems extremely fresh and it's displayed very nicely. And I didn't realize what a big deal it was until Albertson's got rid of them, but the self checkouts here are a major plus. Definitely one of the better supermarkets around!
5	It's clean and stuff is friendly and very good in what they are doing. Nice prices and fresh fruits and vegies. Wine tasting gives a nice touch.
