2	This location just opened up,so i've noticed they have a few kinks that need help.Mainly it's the service.Last time i went in,there were dirty tables everywhere.It was not busy at all,so i found it to be unacceptable.The girl at the counter was very friendly but forgetful.When i ordered a drink with my meal,she forgot to give me my cup.I had to ask for it.She also charged me for a med.drink,when i ordered a small.Then,when i got my sandwich,i went to get forks,napkins,and ketchup.None of those items were stocked where they should be,so i had to go to the counter and ask for them.the worker went into the stock area and pulled them out from underneath locked cabinets..The bagels and coffee were good,but they should really keep the condiment area stocked..It was just one thing after the other when it came to eating utensils.I feel that these items should always be fully stocked.Also the coke zero was "out"all water when i poured my drink.i just think the girl working there was pretty clueless..But she was nice and friendly.So hopefully they step up thier game.
4	First time here and was really impressed! The staff was really friendly and the service was quick! Menu is really great and prices are good! The coffee is pretty damn good!!Definitely coming back to this store!
5	Love there bagels & sammy's. not a fan of the coffee but everything else is yummy. Staff is always pleasant
4	Get there early if you want more selection of bagels. These bagels toast up really well, crispy on the outside but tender on the inside. Dang it, I all of a sudden want a bagel.
1	Wow, just left Einsteins and they were out of all of their featured and most popular bagels. Wildly mismanaged on their busiest day...example: a new employee was reading a manual how to make a specially coffee...asking the cashier questions...the cashier was taking phone orders (which he was told to put the caller on hold) he had to ask who had what because he was calling out the wrong orders. This is the second visit in a row there was chaos...they completely messed up my to go order by leaving a bagel out of my order...too corporate, seems like none cares about selling begals and giving the customer a great experience.
1	No improvement, still making mistakes on orders..I spoke to the manager, no response, like talking to an 18 yr. old McDonalds manager...my last visit, I tried.
5	The service and food here are excellent!!The manager has put together a team that impressed me so much, I called him and told him so.  The guys that work there -- and I say "guys' because most of my interactions have been with male employees -- take a genuine interest in making sure you have a good experience.  They are attentive and friendly.It took a few minutes to get the sandwich, but we didn't care because the time was spent well putting together a delicious product.  Not to mention, Richard, the associate that helped us, was chatting it up and asking us about our day as he worked. Nothing felt forced or "mandatory."  He is a genuinely nice guy.The manager told me that their corporate headquarters rely heavily on the surveys on receipts for giving the employees their bonuses, etc.  If everyone on Yelp could remember to do one on occasion, it is greatly appreciated by the staff there, I'm sure.
2	We were very excited to come to Einstein Bros, however when we got there we were a little disappointed. My mother ordered a bagel with humus, however they alerted us that they never took the humus out of the freezer that morning, so they did not have any humus available. I ordered a Italian chicken panini. (One of my favorites) and it was brought to me cold, and the chicken, cheese, and spinach was not spread apart throughout. When I went back up and asked them to fix it, the man was very kind and brought it to me hot. My mother re-ordered a toasted bagel with blueberry creme cheese on it, that was barely toasted. For an Einstein Bros, it was not great food. The staff was all male, and when there wasn't some one at the register to help, they were messing around. One of the boys was completely covered head-to-toe in flour! Not a great trip to the Einstein Bros!
1	Yes, there is a "eat at your own risk" type warning for the smoked salmon. I unfortunately developed food poisoning after eating the honey-glazed smoked salmon sandwich last month. I was chained to the porcelain throne from 4 pm to 4 am and had to miss a day of work. It was pretty much a bagel with pieces of smoked salmon and chopped onion/tomato on top of a bagel. No cream cheese was put on it (which would probably help anchor down the ingredients), and the whole thing fell apart on first bite. The workers are friendly and the drinks are fine; but I'm never coming back here.
4	I'm usually not a fan of Einstein Brothers, I've tried them all over & they all are just "meh." Before taking my mom to the airport we decided to stop & have a bagel.  The guys (literally, all guys) behind the counter were so friendly & didn't get annoyed when it took us a minute to figure out what we wanted.  As we were leaving one of the workers was sitting down on his break, saw us leaving & jumped up to open the door for us, that doesn't happen many places anymore!
1	I had the opportunity to visit this location a month prior, it was mostly all male staff, and the service was efficient and the guys worked together.  This time I visited the staff was mostly female.  What a difference!  This crew of women should never work together again.  This was by far the worst visit I have ever experienced.  Let's start with the environment,  this is summer so it's nice to go to a place and cool off.  The temperature was hot!  It was not only hot to me and my guest, I heard another person complain it was too hot to sit in the middle media area and near the door.  Although there was someone at the ordering area, she apparently had a problem with one of the senior staff putting her hands up after asking a question stating "I got it, I got it already!" When the order arrived part of the food was dropped followed by a prompt apology, but no one came back to clean the cream cheese that remained on the floor and our table!  I had no doubt this place lacked cohesiveness when one staff put her hands up in the air complained to her coworker, "I can't take anymore of this!" and promptly walked off to the back where further audible grumbling ensued.  There is no excuse for this entire episode, the environment did not settle until two other staff came that happened to be male.  It makes no difference if there is an all male or female staff, as long as service is conducted with the customer in mind.  I sent a survey to Einstein's and have yet to hear back from them. I hope to hear from them, but it has already been several days.
2	What a letdown!!  The redhead behind the counter....SLOW!!  there was no sense of urgency from most of the employees.  One guy was hustling.  Everyone else..snoozing.  The place was boiling hot and humid.  Probably about 85 degrees. You want to make a line full of people angry, keep it hot.  Our order got pushed behind a jerk customer's order. Squeaky wheel and all. Really unfair. I was so impressed with this place before.  They were completely ridiculous this visit.  I will not be going back anytime soon.  The food was delish, but it is not so good that I would put up with the lax service.  Management MUST have changed.
2	The bagels are good but this morning the service was horrible. I walked in and to my surprise there was only one person ahead of me in line. So I thought to myself, "great, this should be quick." Well, I was wrong. I sat there for over 20 minutes for two bagels?! The employees seemed to be taking their sweet time and messing up orders.
1	We have visited this location many times over the past year and dropped a LOT of money here. Consistently BAD service.  They never have Iced Tea in the metal containers (even though they will try and sell you some and then do a bait and switch and offer some other drink).  We watch the manager sitting off at a side table playing on her cell phone.  The help seems to always be in a state of oblivion and moving at half speed.  Bagel bins are typically empty and not restocked by early afternoon. And the floor is always dirty with pieces of food, wrappers, etc. laying around.  The help at this store (both male and female) need a commando type manager here to kick some proverbial a___ and get these 18 to 24 year olds to care, clean up, and restock ice tea containers.  General lack of caring. The shift manager needs to get off her phone.  I hope the owner reads this, but who knows, maybe they are behind this lack of caring.  Generally a slip shod operation.  And oh yeah - it is hot.  Mr. owner FIX your AC once and for all.
5	I come here every Sunday morning to grab breakfast and coffee for my family. I never have any issues. Staff is always friendly and food is always good! I always get my food and drinks in a timely manner and the manager is very friendly. I also think their coffee is way better then Starbucks too!
1	When this store first opened it was great! However, in the last year the employees have made this a place I don't even want to go to anymore, and I love the bagels! I keep trying to give this store a chance but it is irritating to watch the "I hate my job" attitude from the employees and never see any type of management or supervisor anywhere to see what the customer(s) are seeing.Today happened to be an all girl staff, I walked in after another customer we waited in line to order with no acknowledgement at all. When the girl finally took our orders she was polite but annoyed that she had to help us. I order an EW southwest turkey sausage sandwich (which is normally amazing) and a frozen pumpkin coffee. It took my about 7 minutes to get my sandwich, which was missing the tomatillo and the EW was cold. I stood at the counter for about 3 minutes before I could get someone's attention to correct my sandwich. I finished my sandwich and still waiting for my frozen coffee (15 minutes have passed). The very unhappy and grumpy drink maker is making drinks as SLOW as possible. She finishes one and it was wrong, has to redo and also starts the next. What a surprise she makes the second one wrong, when the customer says something she just stares at him doesn't say a word grabs the wrong drink throws it in the trash. Then rolls her eyes and grumbles something for everyone to see and here. Remakes the second drink correctly then sets it on the counter but doesn't call the name out so the man doesn't realize he drink is done until another customer witnessing all of this tells him his drink is done. Then she makes mine, by this time it is 25 minutes of waiting for a frozen coffee. I this was my last trip to this location, it is such a shame it is a great location other than the customer service!
5	I love the bagels here, especially when they're hot and fresh, which they were last week when I busted the door down at 5:30am.I have to give these guys big props because I was in a rush that morning.  I called the store 10 minutes before they opened just to see if they had the bagels I wanted ready to go.  They did and the guy on the phone (sorry, forgot his name) took my order for a dozen bagels and an iced mocha on the phone BEFORE THE WERE OPEN FOR BUSINESS!  TWO THUMBS WAY UP FOR THAT!!!I got to the store a few minutes before 5:30. The doors were still locked.  I saw a couple people inside, but I just kicked it in the car for a minute because I can tell time (I was early).  When the guy unlocked the door, he held it open for me, asked if I was Mike, and said my order was ready.  AWESOME!!!  Super happy!   Made my (early) morning.Thanks guys!!!
4	I went back to give Einstein's one last try and I am glad I did! They have a whole new staff and the manager was there. I took sometime to chat with him and I was pleased to see he is making great changes.  I ordered the same I didn't in my other review and it was still my favorite thintastic sandwich. The employees were full of smiles and happy to help.
1	Now that I can breathe...Look, I love bagels. I love breakfast. They delivered on this front, and earned that 1 star. I unfortunately also appreciate customer service and cleanliness. When you fail to deliver on that, I don't care how good the food was. The guy taking orders (I'm assuming he was the manager based on age) was great. Always friendly when I'm in there. I got to the payment register and found myself in the middle of a flirting session between the cashier and another worker. Since I disturbed their chat, they were quick to jump back in. Had to butt in again to ask for my drinks -- based on her reaction, I probably should've apologized for asking for what I paid for. My bad. Some time later, I noticed an extreme amount of smoke filling the restaurant. A dense haze filled the air and I had to step outside so I could breathe. I noticed a girl monitoring the toaster -- I saw flames inside it and she BLEW into the toaster to put the fire out. Shortly after, a large plume of smoke came out of the toaster. Sweet, found the source (and a health code violation). A worker came out and propped the door open with a rock from the side of the curb to get rid of the smoke. He returned to work with the same gloves on that he had picked up the rock and doormat with.I'll be heading elsewhere for bagels from now on out. Obviously little care is paid to experience and food safety here. Side note: my catering order earlier this week was 30 minutes late as well. It's not like we're making complex dishes here, so what gives?
