5	A+ service!
5	I will start by saying this is the first time a business (other than a restaurant) has even come close to invoking a "yelp" from me...but I had too, and if you were to use them I assume you may as well.I'll start by pointing out what everyone wants in a home service...of any kind.  RESPONSIVENESS and actual care for a customer, BOY does Del Sol fit the bill!!I have been through at least 4 different pool service companies over the past couple of years, now I've found the last one I'll ever use!My first meeting with the owner went as most others until I (bare with me here) actually got the feeling he cared about me and not my money...yeah, right I know...hard to find.The service had been going for some time and going well when suddenly my pump broke, normally wouldn't have been an issue except for the fact I was hosting a pool party in less than 48 hours!!  I know right...panic at the disco!!!!!In any case one call to Del Sol with my plight and within hours he was there, my pump was fixed within just a few short hours....and....wait for it...AT A REASONABLE price...or at least that's how I felt, especially given the circumstances.  In any event, the party went without a hitch and pool sparkled like Kardashian's huge rock!I give Del Sol the highest of marks, don't hesitate to give these professionals a call....you wont be sorry!
5	We've had some pretty bad luck with pool companies.  We found Del Sol after being taken by yet another company, and I was already on the defensive when I called them.  I'm happy to report that I didn't need to worry this time.  August listened to my problems, and arrived just a few hours later.  He not only fixed things for less than I expected, but he took the time to educate me on how to take care of my pool.  Boy was I doing some stupid things!I'm sure I'll need his services again, but for now I'm hoping to be able to handle a few more things myself.  Still --- it's great to know there's someone I can trust when I mess up again ;-)
5	We have had August out to help us with our pool twice now and I am very impressed with him. He's smart, knowledgeable, honest, and affordable. The first time he fixed a broken connector on the pump and the second time he got our in-floor cleaning system working again. It cost us under $50 each time. I highly recommend this guy. I found him here on Yelp.
5	I saw del sol pool service's yelp reviews, and i need someone to come fix my green pool (FOR CHEAP)! It's summertime and i couldn't even swim in my own pool :/I called, and I'm glad I did! August was always so friendly, answered all my questions, and had my pool back to sparkling in no time! (a lot cheaper than other places quoted me)I reccomend Del Sol and August to everyone!!
5	When you move to a new town, some of the biggest challenges are finding an honest mechanic, a great hair stylist, and a trustworthy pool guy.I consider myself lucky to have found August at Del Sol, first shot.  After reading horror stories about pool companies in the Phoenix area, I realized that there were plenty of unscrupulous people out there.  Having seen a number of Yelp reviews and after doing some additional web research, I was pretty confident that August was the man for the job when the pool at our new house needed some attention.  August was able to come out the next day and replace the sand in our filter.  He also did some routine maintenance and a minor repair--without any additional charge!Not only is August honest, but he's highly informative.  Sure, you're paying for a service...but August goes above and beyond by providing you with information about pool maintenance that could save you time and money down the road.
5	August offers honest, dependable and affordable pool service.  He answered all our questions and has the heart of a teacher.Our pool was green and we struggled getting rid of the algae.  He came in and rectified our issue and had it ready for the Memorial Day holiday weekend on short notice.  At his recommendation we had him change out the sand in the filter; we've also followed his advice on pool care and the pool has been looking good all summer long.Give Del Sol a try if you appreciate professional, courteous and timely pool service.  My only regret was waiting so long to write up this review on such great service.
5	We had August come out to help us with a fix on our pool.  He came out very quickly and was very helpful.  He had to come back the next day with the part we needed for our pop ups.  He didn't overprice us on the part or the labor.  It's been a couple weeks and the pool is running smoothly.  I will use Del Sol in the future.
5	To put it simply, they were great.  If you need help with your pool or normal maintenence just call them.  My big thing with service is responsiveness and price and they did well in both of these areas.  As the other comments mentioned, we had August at our house and he was a pool rock star.  They fixed our filter, pop ups and we now have them come for weekly check-ups.  Good stuff!
5	I can't say enough about August. He gave me the best price on a new cartridge filter and then worked tirelessly to turn my illegally green pool into sparkling clear water. Even when the project ended up being bigger than what he originally expected, he never complained, didn't charge me extra and was nice enough to answer all my questions and give me a lot of good advice - he even taught me how to clean my cartridge filter after his job was done. I will be using him to convert my pool from chlorine to salt and to get a more efficient pool pump. I originally called him because of all the great reviews he had here on Yelp - they were 100% right about him. Del Sol is now my go-to pool service.
5	This company is excellent! I had a pretty involved problem with my pool and these guys battled it until everything was fixed.All this without taking me to the cleaners! They do a great job of telling you exactly what is going on with your pool and their knowledge is impeccable.I'll never use another pool company.Reasonable prices and they saved our pool!
5	This is the best pool repair company I've ever experienced!!!  For THREE years now I've been fighting with my pool.  A "friend" that owns a pool service company told me I needed a new pump, and those are so expensive, I have held off as long as I can.  The work and frustration has been insane. (think green pool at least 10 times and the expense of getting it back to blue...). I decided to get a quote from someone else, just to be sure, and saw the reviews on Del Sol, and decided to give them a try.  OMG.  it wasn't a new pump that was required.  It was two O rings!!  That's it!!!!  My pool is humming along beautifully, and it cost me $50!!!!  I can't tell you how happy I am!!!  These guys are legit. And so nice and professional on top of it!!  I will never use another pool repair service again!!  If you need anything for your pool, don't hesitate.  Call them NOW!!!!
5	I had work on my pool a few months back and haven't had a chance to leave feedback until now. I fought with Black Algae for over 6 months and tried most everything. I finally called August at Del Sol and found him extremely knowledgeable and he got rid of the problem. His pricing was very fair and I would use anytime I need help with my pool. So far the best pool company I have used in 15 years and I highly recommend them. I just recommended him to a neighbor and they are calling him tomorrow. Honesty,integrity and fair. Doesn't get better than that.....
1	I TRIED to use Del Sol Pool Service (based on the great reviews here). I called and got a recording telling me that "for faster service" I should send my request via email.I sent a detailed email requesting service on not one, but two pools (I own a rental) - the next day I received 6 email "confirmations" with 2 different days & times that they would be out at the properties. On the morning of scheduled service I got a call from the "technician" 4 hours before the appointment saying the gate was locked and he couldn't get in. I explained that per their email confirmation he was not there at the advised time and I had schedule my day around the pre-set afternoon appointment. He said he couldn't possibly be there at time and I'd have to reschedule for another day. The same thing happened the next day when he called hours before the pre-assigned time, and again couldn't be there when promised.I called the office and left a message, telling them that I still had two pools that needed equipment repairs and wanted to establish regular weekly service at one of the properties... NOTHING - not a call, not an email, not a text - NOTHING!Don't know who's writing all the "glowing" reviews - but I doubt that it is actual customers! This company did not follow through or follow up. I'm still looking for a pool repair company and for weekly service...
5	I recently bought a house in Chandler with a long-neglected pool. It was filled with muck, and I feared it would take thousands of dollars to make it sparkle again.First, Ken came out and did a thorough job of draining and washing the pool. Once the pool was refilled, the filter decided to do an imitation of the famous fountain in Fountain Hills.August found me a used unit that works perfectly. He also replaced the pool timer and rebuilt the gears for the in-floor cleaning system - all at a very reasonable cost.He really knows his stuff and shares that knowledge to demystify pool care and repairs. Manda the office manager is great at scheduling and communicating with homeowners.I highly recommend Del Sol.
5	Had Del Sol come out to see why my pool's pebble tec was looking stained and to see about getting a sand change. They came out and looked at the pool and let me know I had black algae. They treated the algae and the pool looks really good. Their pricing for the sand change was the cheapest I got after comparing a few companies and they even took the old sand away. The other companies were more expensive and would not take the old sand away. Would definitely use these guys again.
5	I called Del Sol Pool Service after hiring yet another flaky pool service. My neighbor swore by them so I figured I would give them a shot.  I called late afternoon and had someone out early the next day. They trouble shot the system for free and gave me some pointers on how to avoid future issues. They also cleaned up my green pool in less than a week which is something I have been battling with all sunmer. I will be using them on a regular basis and am so glad to finally have someoone reliable.
1	These people may know pools but they don't know how to run a business.I called Del Sol and got a recorded msg that "due to the high volume of calls, they couldn't return calls for at least 24 hours..."  I was directed to their website and told to send an email.  On the homepage of their website was a big announcement that the email box was full and no further emails could be accepted.Del Sol better have all the customers they can handle, because they're making it impossible to get new customers!
5	I don't leave reviews often but Del Sol definitely deserved a review for their service. I'm a new home owner and I was having some pool issues I just couldn't figure out. I'd had multiple pool owners come over and see if they could help and nothing.I decided to call a professional. I had one company come out and tell me it was my cleaner and I may need to drain the pool because it was too green. I decided to get a second opinion (thankfully) and gave Del Sol a shot. Tom came the next day, he educated me about the different filters, gave me some tips on maintaining my pool, and put some chemicals in it to bring it back from the dark side. In two days my pool was sparkling blue, I cleaned out my DE filter (Tom recommended) and my cleaner was working better than ever.Thank you Del Sol for your honest service and great price. I would definitely recommend this company to anyone.
5	Excellent pool service company.  August was kind and professional and recommended what I needed to get my pool in top shape. He even came back to fix a minor issue that arose for free. I  recommend this company as honest and professional with reasonable rates.
