3	This location recently opened on 521 just south of Ballantyne.Tried them for the first time tonight - ordered a large pizza with pepperoni, sausage and extra cheese.  Thought it was expensive ($30) - until I saw the size of this puppy!  8 New York sized slices in a large pie.  Very tasty and just a bit on the greasy side, just the way pizza should be.  Pizza needed just a little more sauce for my taste.  We had the "Classic Original" crust but according to the menu, you can also request Sicilian, deep dish at no additional cost.In addition to pizza, menu offerings include the usual soups, salads, pastas and sandwiches.  Can't wait to try the meatball sandwich.  Alcohol seemed to be available to dine in customers.There is also another location in Waxhaw.Be prepared to pay a bit more - in order to get a bit more in terms of both quality and quantity.
3	Went there right after they opened - the pies are the real deal. Big, Northeast style pizza's with a chewy crust and quality toppings. In particular I like their cheese and sauce. However, I don't like their sausage and mushrooms (canned). Ugh!Also, it is fairly expensive for what it is - I think they are trying to compete with Tony's in Ballantyne Village. However, Tony's has a reputation and therefore can charge those prices. Marino's would go a long way if they dropped their prices a bit or issued coupons. As it is, I'd rather take my business to the 2-3 other places in Ballantyne that also offer quality pies but are cheaper. . .
1	They wouldn't know a real Philly Steak if the were standing at 1237 E Passyunk Ave (if you don't know where this is- you don't know steaks either)!
1	By far the nastiest food I have ever had and let me tell you I am not the pickiest eater. We went there for our lunch break, ordered stramboli, and an hour later the food showed up, not to mention that the waitress didn't even check on us, we were sitting outside, wondering whether the food will ever show up. I think I was among the "luckies" ones, because stramboli was barely even cooked. I flipped it over and had a completely raw dough bottom. I mean COMPLETEY RAW!!! When I showed this to the waitress she announced that the lady who was cooking it, didn't really know how to make them, therefore it took so long that's why it was raw. I left it on the plate and I was greeted with a FULL price check!!!! Come on at least appologize and take off some, but no! They should include on the menu- that the price doesn't include the gas price, therefore bring it home! Not to mention being sick for the rest of the day. AWFULL!!!!!
1	closed
