1	It's an Arby's, food tastes like every other Arby's. However, the service is consistently good and that's important when you're trying to cram a quick lunch within a half hour break, so they get a few stars from me.Edit: This outlet didn't honor their nationwide promotion of free curly fries after a Matt Kenseth NASCAR win. The cashier didn't even know who Matt Kenseth is, and made me feel like an idiot trying to collect on a dollar side item. What the crap?
3	The service here is decent. The food is blah. I went here because I was starving. I don't think I will go back for anything but the Jamocha shake.
5	Arbys's it's a fast food place and what more can u say about the food. The food I recieved tasted like anything from another one of their stores. My fries were fresh and my sandwich hot. So for the food dept it was good.What I really wanted to write about was the service I recieved. I believe the manager was on duty and she rang me up it was Kristen or Kurstin I can't quite remember. She was extremely polite and super friendly. The rest of the staff seemed very happy and the atmosphere here was just plain wonderful. I really felt welcome and had a nice dining expeirence. It's good to know that there are some people who can still provide great customer service in the fast food industry.
4	It's an Arbys.  The food is good, the prices are fair, and the employees are competent and friendly.What really sticks out at this Arbys is the faded, mid 1980's decor and the over squishy booth cushions that threaten to suck you, butt first, into the lower bowels of the booth's framework!!For crying out loud, I recently sat at a booth and sank down so low I looked like a 3 year old, barely able to see over the tabletop, and the next booth wasn't any better.  O_0  Fix that crap, STAT!
5	I only went through the drive thru earlier today, but, everything I could see was clean and Melissa was manning the window, great smile, super friendly.  I was able to see two two of the other employees and they all seemed to work well together being friendly AND efficient, wasn't even going to check in until I had such a great experience.
3	This Arby's 3 out of 5 StarsThe several times I have gone here the fries (curly) have tasted like the oil they fry it in needs to be changed, which should be done consistently or they taste very sour, and have a burnt taste. this is on the Management. The roast beef has always been fresh and tasty, but If I go back to this particular Arbys, I substitute the fries for something else. I hope the Mgmt gets the hint, and has their employees change the fryer oil, when it expires or you will keep selling a poor product.
1	I got food poisoning after eating at this location, I almost went to the hospital after about 12hrs of vomiting and diarrhea. I will NEVER eat Arby's again
5	this place has my favorite soft drink Diet Mountain Dew so come one come all for some good roast beef
