4	I want this place to succeed. It has a lot of potential and has a unique venue... but it has a long way to go. I was there for their soft opening, and the experience was on-par with every other soft or grand opening I've ever experienced... disorganized, chaotic, untrained staff, disgruntled patrons.-Staff was attractive and walking around in un-matching underwear.-Staff did not know their own drink prices.-We were there for a birthday and had bottle service, but I didn't hear the staff ever wish happy birthday. -Music was OK, but they did play Sweet Nothing twice in an hour. -Venue is right next to the popular Fremont Street area. Feels safe.- Restroom was clean and restroom staff was doing the usual for tip.- Venue was largely unfinished and there was not enough separation between the patron area and the brightly lit backrooms / storage areas, which could be seen from outside.- Staff did a decent job of keeping our booth clean and keeping the ice full. They were constantly checking up on us.- Venue is huge, which is a plus if they can appropriately tap into all that space. But even with only 1 dance floor open during their opening, which was probably a good decision (intended or not), it was still not packed. After a couple hours, it started to feel empty. They need to do a much better job getting people through the door.I'd come back in the future, next time I'm with friends in Vegas, but only because I'd like this undertaking to succeed, and not because my first experience at Krave Massive was good.
4	Put your name on the guest list to get a discounted rate if you arrive before midnight at www.kravemassive.com I came here during the soft opening on Saturday!This place is a work-in-progress, but there's a lot of potential for this place to be amazing.  The venue before Krave Massive used to be a movie theatre... so that can give you a gage of how large the venue is. You enter the large floor and you see the concession stands, which is now a bar. Theatre 5 is where one of the dance floors is located, and Theatre 6 is where the bathroom is at. (Yes, the signs/numbers are still there, but I'm sure they will take it down eventually!) The drink prices were inconsistent and the spirits/mixers were all over the place. Drinks were in a plastic cup and cost around $9 - $14! Even though it was a bit chaotic & unorganized, you could still tell that the Krave Massive staff were doing their best to run the venue and get everyone's order.Inside Theatre 5, you could see the dance floor. There are about a dozen booths against the back wall available . The staff did not want ANYONE to sit in the stalls, unless they'd order table service. At the end of the day, there were only two stalls taken.  The table service was pretty nice. The staff checked up on us frequently and refilled our ice bucket multiple times.The club closes at 4am and around 2:45 the staff started offering free shots. (They should have promoted this sooner IMO) The dance floor started dying around 2:15, but a few people were still there. The club seemed a bit overstaffed with bartenders, servers, and three bathroom service people in one bathroom, etc... Nevertheless, the club seemed to be a train wreck in organization & promoting, but I would be willing to come here again once everything is establish!
1	This...was...horrible. We went to Krave last year when it was located on the strip behind Planet Hollywood, and as tourists expected to find it in the same location. When we couldn't, not a single local working at PH could tell us where they relocated. The website was difficult to navigate so we asked a cabbie who told us they reopened in Rio. The cab ride to Rio was quick, as was the disappointment when the staff told us it closed, and again, they had no idea where it had moved to. Finally we figured it out and grabbed a cab downtown. Navigating through the complete mess of shady tourists and shadier locals we only found Krave by accident. I had emailed to be on the guest list...but wasn't added. After showing the email confirmation we were allowed in without charge. This place is an abandoned movie theater with temporary signage and reminded me of a bad trip from Fear and Loathing (not an exaggeration). There was one dance floor open with more gogo dancers than partiers. The music was good but I kid you not when I say that I have never experienced anything louder in my life. The bass was so heavy that when I sat down on an empty "stage" I felt like I was going to crap my pants. The lights were awesome but, like the club goers, couldn't fill the space. We had one vodka tonic (or maybe just tonic) and took off. In the elevator my boyfriend leaned up against the wall and was COVERED in lube...seriously the nastiest thing ever. The entire experience was such a disappointment as there are no good gay clubs anywhere in all of sin city for tourists and locals alike and this place has zero potential. There is no point in being the largest gay club in the world when you're only referring to space....empty clubs are such a downer. If you like being the twentieth person at a warehouse party head to Krave, if you like good music and good looking people head to any of the high end clubs on the strip and call the cover a draw on the time and cab ride downtown. (There are sexier guys there anyway and it doesn't matter that you're gay because everyone is drunk and dancing and NOBODY GIVES A CRAP)! Maybe we're spoiled coming from L.A.
3	Was at Krave on June 22-2013 wasn't that busy but given they only been open for a week and most people were at EDC, When Krave says the main dance floor which is the only one right now has the best sound system than any other club, they are RIGHT! those speakers can knock you off the ground, be aware of them if you don't want to pee yourself with that bass coming out! WOW- all I can say it must cost them a lot for that system. They didn't seem to have good air flow on the dance floor everyone was really hot. The lighting is excellent and this place can go far.... HOWEVER- they must train their staff on better customer service at the door those girls don't smile and are just rude, and good luck getting your parking ticket validated as stated on their website they would do that for you. YEAH they don't!! be prepared to pay when leaving garage- it isn't much though. Share night club still has the better Boys dancing and location is much better, Know one likes to drive downtown- it's annoying to get around- This might hurt Krave and getting the staff trained on making drinks and not having so many cocky straight bartenders. I do think that DJ Michael Graves is the best when it comes to the music than any club- Krave owners better take care of this guy!
1	New place out of way. Hardlvy any booze. No multi room(I.e the largest gay club).no movies. Cost 30$ cab from MGM to get there?23$to get back?. Part of Vegas isnt fun or enough to do? Sad krave was better on harmon near it all the action and could sell booze,.LOL
3	Like several of the other previous reviewers, I had been to the earlier incarnation of Krave when it was around the corner from Planet Hollywood on the strip, though I don't have particularly fond memories of the place (aside from the shot boys--those I liked... a lot). Aside from the location, the old spot didn't have much going for it.That said, I REALLY want this place to succeed. It's in the same complex as Drink & Drag, which was super busy on the Wednesday night that my friend and I visited (we were headed home the next afternoon--otherwise we might've gone on a Thursday or Friday instead).The space is utterly enormous. At the moment, aside from the massive lobby, there's only one room open which is sort of just a generic "club" feel with cool lights and a DJ and some VIP booths tucked away along the edges. There are also some random go-go boys dancing at various spots both in the lobby and in the dance... room (or whatever they call it).The drinks aren't terribly expensive, particularly if you're on the guest list via the website--the night we visited, not only did we get in for free because of that, but we also got special 2-for-1 drink wristbands, which meant that two giant vodka/sodas were something like $6 or $7.There's plenty of space to move around here if you're claustrophobic--but that's also the downfall of the place, particularly on weeknights when it isn't particularly busy. Let's hope it'll build up some steam as the owners put more money into it.
2	Alright here is an update of Krave club downtown.. I went 2 more times after the last review, and wow it's not living up to share or piranha for many different reasons.... 1- location- location- location bad, cab rides down from the strip is very Expensive, and if there is any events going on downtown- you'll be stuck in heavy traffic just trying to park!   2- you do have to pay for parking- not much and club does not Validate like noted on their website!   3- Way over priced drinks!! Krave your not on the strip anymore! One bar charge us $5 more than the other bar- what!! Unacceptable!4- Poor go- go dancing have really low lighting on them and not Involved with the customers in anyway! How do they make money here? No cute dancers here, got to go to share or piranha for them to be hot and up in your face! 5- The dance floor empty out by 1:45a!!!! A club clearing out that early hmmm maybe everyone ran out of money for the high drinks and had to get on the road back to nice part of town? Or probably went to share which I saw most people there when I arrived at 2:15a.6- If you leave and want to walk around on Fremont street- be very aware it's Definitely not gay friendly and you'll probably get robbed that late at night!  The only thing I would say is great is the sound system! Wow it's the best- but so many other things are not good, and Operations of this club is bad. Maybe it will get better in time! If you're visiting go to Piranha or Share both very close to the strip and piranha by far than any other gay club has the best drink prices!
1	went out for a nite of fun,turned out to be awful their site is incorrect, as to the time they open,we had to wait outside for 30 min. then they couldn't find our names on the guest list,once we got in we had to wait another 30 min till they opened the dance floor by then i was really pissed off and left,the other thing was no one seemed to know what was going on, would not recommend this place to anyone ! It was one thing after another ! They really need to get it together ! Not that I would ever go back again..
1	Looks like the city closed down Krave "massive" on Friday 8.30.13 due to unspecified permit issues. Hmmm wouldn't you think the club would have sent out info to their customers letting them know they are closed, instead people wasting time and money driving down there!!! Well at least the people had a real Option to go to  Piranha instead!! Good job krave!
