3	I have only been here once and it's been awhile.  I remember it being a little pricey for what you get, but the food was decent.  Red Lobster is probably a better bet, especially if you don't want your waiter pressuring you into making a fool of yourself in their conga line.
3	I thought we'd give Joe's Crab Shack a try and when we arrived at the restaurant, I remembered I had eaten at Joe's Crab Shack before but in Clearwater, Florida!  It's the exact same building and the same decorations inside and outside of the building.  On to the food - we wanted to go on the light side - so we ordered soups for everyone - lobster bisque was pretty good and the clam chowder was creamy.  We then ordered the Cajun Shrimp on ice appetizer and the "fireballs" (I thnk that's what they call it) was pretty yummy, too.  Then, we had the Joe's Original Crab Steampot for 2 and it was sizable and tasted OK - came with 2 corns and some potatoes and quite a no. of  dungeness and snow crab legs.  I think it needed a little more salt.  The zipper was a neat tool for eating the crabs!
1	This past Thursday night I was at Joe's and I chose to sit outside. Big mistake. It took me about 20 minutes to get a menu and about another 30 for someone to come take my order. The only reason that my order was taken was because I had to flag down another waitress who was very abrupt with me and told me that she would find my server. My food took about another 30 minutes to receive at which time my steak was overcooked and leathery. I didn't want to say anything because then I would be waiting another 30 minutes to eat again. Needless to say, the experience was not a good one. I wonder why they have outside seating if they are going to ignore us and treat us like we are not paying customers?
4	I thoroughly enjoyed myself at Joe's Crab Shack. The atmosphere is great for family and friends. The waitress was attentive and fun. It was my  boyfriend and I and our friends Vicky and her fiance Rob. We started off with a bucket of shrimp nothing spectacular the shrimp was clean (that's all I ask for... devine  properly please). As for the main dish...I ordered Seafood Enchiladas, which was heaven. The best enchiladas I've had!  I topped it off with a Perfect Patron Margarita and I was good to go (other than the large amount of ice, it was good). My boyfriend, Vicky and Rob all had Joe's Classic Steampot, the waitress gave them their bib's and they went to town...crab meat was flying everywhere! At the end of the meal, we were satisfied and full. I would recommend anyone to Joe's Crab Shack!
3	I had the salmon Orleans, which was quite tasty.  I also ordered a dinner salad that I had to return as too much of the lettuce was spoiled.  This is a common problem with those of us who orders salads frequently-- lettuce spoils easily.  The manager did come over to apologize, which I thought was very nice of her.
3	After seeing their commercial thousands of times, I decided that I had to check this place out.Decor: Your typical themed chain restaurant - think Chili's or Applebee's if it were on vacation at the beach. Service: Since the restaurant was pretty much empty at the time, our server was very attentive - but who knows how it would be had it been busy.Food: The appetizers were fair. I thought the bucket of shrimp were going to be fried shrimp but instead were cocktail shrimp served on a bucket of ice - I definitely should have asked first. The calamari was pretty good. I had the crab stuffed shrimp, which was good but very little. The rest of the table had the Bean Town Bake and the Fisherman's Platter. Both were huge and reasonable for their price. Both were pretty delicious, but not outstanding. It was a lot to finish and the Fisherman's Platter is pretty much a plate full of deep fried seafood. For dessert, we tried Sea Turtle Sundae. Good, but not mind blowing.Experience: I had a pretty good dinner. But it's a place you go out with your friends or family for a casual time together - not really your "special occasions" place.
1	Nasty
3	Ditry, Dirty, Dirty and I don't mean the rice!I don't even know how to start this review. Positive first:The food was pretty good, had calamari and hot pot of crab and clams.  They had a huge wait for a table and the hostess suggested we sit at the bar.  It was fine and we got good service BUT....... We sat too close and saw what really goes on back there.  Me originally from Calif. and being Calif State Certified in Food Saftey and Sanitation have issues with their food handling practices.Here comes the BUT:The bartender keep taking money, alot of cash $ and would ring up the sale and never wash his hands before dipping his hands in the ice and making a drink.  He would squeeze lime, lemons, break up mint but never once washed his hands.  I even seen him pull dirty straws out of glasses by the top of the straw and then make a drink.  Twice a manager looking type stepped in to make drinks, she walked back started making drinks without washing her hands, I must note that she did wash her hands before she left the bar area.  One other thing I saw that grossed me out...... A girl walked behind the bar, seemed like maybe she had worked eariler, she had her purse on her shoulder went to the tip jar and grabbed the $, she dropped the $ on the floor and picked them up, for some reason she dropped the $ again, she finally put them in her purse and walked over to the drink counter, with her purse on her shoulder made a drink.  OMG her hands had been everywhere and never, ever washed.  Don't get drink from the bar, especially ones from a glass, dirty hands all over the place, hands that dip into the ice bucket over and over.Don't get me wrong, its a easy fix, they were very nice.
5	I just fell in love with this place. I had never been before and the hubby suggested we try. It was awesome. Morgan the waitress was great!Thanks for a wonderful meal.
1	Never again , crab cake salad tasted like vomit , crawfish was way to plain and flavorless . Not worth my money sorry .
4	Prompt service, accommodating server, decent appetizers, we had both sausages the andioulli is my preference. It.s not as spicy as others I've had. The smoked was not very smoky flavored, crab in the classic bucket was yummy, the peel shrimp was over cooked therefore chewy. Had cheesecake for dessert and was an excellent end to dinner. Can't say enough good things about the service. Overall it's what you would expect of a chain. Fun place to eat, I think they intentionally seated families with little kids away from groups with no kids. I appreciate this. I don't have to listen to your baby cry and we have a nice adult meal without background kids. On purpose? I don't know, appreciated? Wholeheartedly.
1	Host staff was fine. Got seated sooner than expected.Once seated, it took a while to get anyone to acknowledge our presence. And by a while I mean about 10 minutes. After finally having our server come over, she seemed to try to provide good service and was prompt in getting our drinks. But she seemed overall overwhelmed.The food coming out was slow. And we even had to ASK for silverware.The food? Mahi was dry. Crab cakes were mushy. First order of coconut shrimp was raw. Second order, after being assured that it was cooked was also raw. Tip: Shrimp should not be slimy, shiny or rubbery. Even shrimp in sushi is never that raw. At least they took it off the bill.   I made a mental note to never come here again. And went home sad, frustrated and wondering what I will be eating in about an hour.
5	What can I say, we love Joe's.  We moved from Colorado recently where we went all the time and now we go to this location about once a month.  Nothing fancy, just get one of their buckets and enjoy some fresh crab legs.  Decent prices and good service and I am good to go!
3	I've only patronized this place a grand total of 3 times (if memory serves), but every time I visit, I'm always glad that I did.The staff are friendly and the food is wonderful, so what more reasons do you need to stop by?If you like good food in a "party-type" atmosphere, you'll love this place.
1	Where do I start?Waited a long time to get seated.Waited a long time to get drinks.Waited a long time to place an order.Waited a long time to get our food, refill, etc.Waited a long time to get out of here.We basically just waited and waited and waited.Lobster and crab were cold and like rubber. No hot melted butter!? It was nothing special.  Worst part of it was I tipped 15% and the girl still called me out in front of everyone. "Oh was everything OK because you only tipped this much." Blah blah blah... And on our way out we she was still complaining. I was being nice when I tipped, really should have given them NO TIP or a bill for wasting my time.  I don't know what she was thinking but someone clearly doesn't belong in the hospitality industry.Definitely the last time at this location.
2	Took my daughter because she earned a free meal coupon for good grades. We have eaten at Joes before numerous times but in California. We were seated outside which was fine but after a few minutes we were invaded by pigeons because the kids sitting behind us were feeding them. The servers said nothing so I ended up getting up and saying something to the other customers. They did stop but it added tension because they were aggravated that I said something even though I was sweet as pie when I said it. The server took forever with every part of the meal. The food was good and hot but if took her forever to bring me my check. While waiting for the check I noticed about 4 giant flying roaches! It is expected to see these in the dessert but usually with regular pest control visits you shouldn't see any! The servers were amused with the activity of the bugs but everyone that was sitting outside was not.
3	Went to Joe's this past Sunday. Never been there but said if it was any good I would write a review. Usually go to Red Lobster and was going to try Crab Corner but the buckets at Joes looked pretty good. We started with garlicky mussels. Broth was outstanding! Wine butter garlic sauce with lots of garlic and black pepper. Only a small piece of garlic bread cut in two came with. That was a bummer cuz that broth was the perfect dip for the bread. Had to order more bread which cost extra.Ordered the Sunset  Fire Grill for 2 for $40. Came with Snow and Dungeness crab, shrimp, sausage,potatoes, and ear of corn. The spice on everything was flavorful and went with the seafood well. Tasted great on the corn. No drawn butter was served. Just dipped it all in the garlicky mussel broth. Snow crab was sweet and cooked perfectly. Dungeness crab was more work and arguably more meaty but was a little overcooked. I like King crab the best and will be trying that next time. Didn't understand the sausage served with. Would have been  better grilled, but really could have done without. Shrimp was chewy and overcooked and one was not deveined. Finished with key lime pie. Nice and tart topped with a layer of whipped cream. A dollop of cream was served with which I found to be a bit much. An overall good meal. Around $100 for two. Can't give more than 3 stars- no salad, bread, drawn butter, and shrimp not that great. Also waitress disappeared for a while. I will get something different next time but will give the mussels and snow crab a 4.5.
4	Not a review of the restaurant or food, just the bar.  The bar tender was awesome and fun and served up some fun drinks.  SHARK BITE!!!Thanks.
3	I've eaten at Joe's Crab Shack twice, once in San Antonio and in Henderson this week. I have to say that I was disappointed in the quality of the dungeness crab and Alaskan King crab.  The dungeness tasted old and dry and the crab legs were dry and salty. My friend had the mahi and said it was good. So be careful what you order.
4	I like this place a lot. We come here with our kids nearly every week because of their relaxed, fun atmosphere and the fact that they have a playground situated in the center of a huge sandbox! I really wish vegas had more places like this. The service is usually good though once or twice itsbeen questionable. The food is good. Try the samuel adams steampot, or any of the steampots for that matter. The artichoke dip is AWESOME. The kids meals are pretty large so my kids usually split one. Im usually too full to try the dessert ;)
4	Yay!  I'm a fan!The rating says it all.  I love seafood, so maybe I'm bias.  I'll say right off the bat, that the seafood isn't the BEST I've ever had (easy, Drake), but for what it is this place is pretty awesome.I had lunch here when I was in Vegas one time.  No crowd, no wait, walk right in and sit down.  First star goes to the staff.  Fun, full of energy, always on top of it, and they give you awesome bibs (haha!).Next star goes to the restaurant.  For a bar/seafood pot restaurant, it's very clean!  The one in Henderson is fun like a sports bar mixed with a bubba gumps.  Just so many random things hung around on the walls, it's interesting.The last two stars is for the food.  Between 3 of us, we had 2 pots and a couple appetizers.  The pots are full of flavor.  Every piece of seafood takes on whatever flavor you choose to have.  One of the pots we had was with the cajun flavor, SOOOOO GOOD!!  The other pot we had was your typical garlic butter flavor...also very good!  The apps that we ordered were the spinach dip and coconut shrimp.  Both dishes again were very tasty.  As mentioned, the seafood isn't the freshest ever, but it's still very flavorful.  When you get those pots, it's like opening a christmas present of food.  You're usually not disappointed with a christmas present.Overall, I'd recommend Joe's Crab Shack.  If you live in Hawaii, you ALWAYS see the commercials and for the most part, those commercials are true.  Great food, great place, great price!
3	I went here with friends who were in town visiting. We are all New Englanders so we are very picky about our seafood. The waitress was nice -- friendly and attentive. She got everything right and didn't miss a beat with drinks. She got our food out quick and with no mistakes. My two friends each had burger (wtf? ;) ) and I had a seafood sampler -- fried shrimp, scallops and fish. They both said the burgers were great but we found it weird that they didn't come with cheese. But one of my friends said it was so good that he didn't even notice til he was almost done. My other friend really like the spicy sauce that came with her burger. Fries were kind of plain.My food was only ok. It was nice and hot and the batter had great seasoning but the scallops were small and the fish was very dry. I will say that the shrimp was decent in size and tasted fairly fresh. Overall it was an ok experience. Nothing extra special. I just found it weird that at a seafood restaurant the burgers were the best thing we ordered.
1	I had my family in town and my sister wanted to go to Joe's Crab Shack.  I haven't been here in years.  So it sounded like a good plan.  We arrived and there wasn't really a crowd and we were seated pretty quick.  There was 8 of us.  This is a chain so there wasn't anything that that stood out.  The waitress was typical, she came every once round every once and awhile.  My wife, sister and I ordered some steam pots.  Wow, these little things are really expensive.  They included shrimp, lobster, clams, potatoes, corn, and a sausage. I wasn't impressed at all, especially for the price.  My wife gave me her lobster claw.  Now I ate it and it tasted funny.  You would think I would spit it out.  But I didn't!  I have never been this sick after going to a restaurant.  I was a mess!  I will never go back to this place ever again.  They're so many better seafood options in Vegas.  Sorry Joe's.
4	I have to give this Joe's location props for accommodating me, time and time again, with my crustacean allergy. They are always willing to modify the dishes and provide each one without shrimp for me - with zero complaint from the staff. Thanks, you guys, if you're reading this.
4	Food was good, a bit pricey.  Atmosphere was fun.
4	The food was great as always, The service was excellent! We like the Henderson location more than the one in Summerlin. The staff in Henderson is much more friendly.
2	I feel a little bit weird about giving a sub-par rating.  I'm not much of a seafood fan, so my opinions might not be too strongly formed.  Though, it seems plenty of other folks have given this place less than stellar reviews.I ordered a "New Orleans Pot" or something like that.  The menu described it as shrimp and sausage with some spicy cajun seasoning.  Turns out it had crawfish too, but maybe I just didn't notice.  The sausage was just one link and a bit bland.  In fact, the shrimp was bland too.  The waitress "warned me" it would be spicy, but after removing the shrimp shell the shrimp tasted like regular ordinary shrimp.  The shrimp was a bit mushy too, is it supposed to be like that (like I said, I'm not a seafood expert)?The pot meal came with corn on the cob.  I asked the waitress to substitute with a side of steamed broccoli.  She said that wouldn't be a problem.  I suppose she forgot (it happens, not *that* big of a deal).  Problem is, she seemed to have quite a few memory problems as she also forgot to bring out my friend's side salad.Also, the food was really slow to come out.  The restaurant was practically empty.  It felt like it took forever.
5	I want to eat here everyday! Management has definitely made the experience a lot better! Snow Crab BBQ style!!!!
2	Why did I come here when I know damn well there are great seafood places all around town?  When we got here, the place was empty.  The server was nice enough, but the food took forever to come out.  I had some sort of overpriced pot with crab legs and shrimp.  It was around 25 bucks and didn't even fill me up.  Joe's Crab is to seafood as Olive Garden is to Italian.  Just safe options that appeal to the masses.    For the same price at Hot & Juicy, I could have has 2 and a half pounds of Cajan snow crab.  Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere if you want seafood.
3	Personally I don't care for the "wAcky" environment with the servers running around singing YMCA, etc. and the prices are a little high for what you get.  But it always tastes good, the crab is fresh and we manage to make it here every other month or so.  From what I see outside, there is a good looking playground so if you bring kids they'll have a great time.  All in all, nothing to write home about...and if you want lots of crab a good buffet is better, but still enjoyable and good for a change of pace.
4	Update: since my last review they seem to have gotten their act together. My server was on top of things and the food was good. Glad tgeyve shaped up!
1	This is my first time at Joe's and I went with people who have been to several in the tri-state area. I was excited to see the dancing and experience what Joes is supposed to offer. I didn't see any dancing at all, Lisa our server was not polite or personable, the food for our party of seven had to be sent back because it was cold or overly salted. The one year old boy was considered a diner so that our tickets would reflect an eight person table. (A party of eight is an automatic 18% gratuity). We had four tickets within our table. While we were sitting we saw almost every person's food get sent back. We saw many dishes prepared in the kitchen then sit at the end of the line for a server to take it to the front of the house. We saw one diner tell Paul Luedtke, the general manager, that he didn't want to wait for another plate to be prepared, he was told his food would come right back. It did not. Also, we heard Paul tell a table that their discount went on another tables bill. When Paul approached us to check in, he told us that there was a new system in the restaurant and that the restaurant was hectic. The restaurant was not at capacity, not even half. Not long after Paul left, Lisa told us the real story was that the lock on the freezer door was broken and that the door was left open freezing everything. I would not recommend anyone eating at this location. To say that I was disappointed would be an understatement. The only sort of saving grace was that we all got a 50% employee discount. (With the 18% gratuity added to it)
3	Have been to Joe's a number of times and enjoyed their food.  We have had terrible service every time, though.  It's worth going because the food is good and the atmosphere is fun.  Just be patient, and your night will be fine.
4	I have been to a Joe's Crab Shack in New Jersey, but the experience we had at the Henderson location was very surprising.For one thing, I don't recall ever seeing the staff dancing at a Joe's. I have seen it at Johnny Rockets locations where the staff half-heartedly does performances every so often. There is a clear difference between what I have seen there and the staff at this location; the staff members here actually seem like they are enjoying themselves. If they really aren't, then they are adept at making it seem that they are. Even the "Happy Birthday" routines were different from table to table. For such things that the staff is required to do regularly, I could see how difficult it is for them to be "convincing." I give them quite a bit of credit for that accomplishment.Food and service were top notch here. I would consider returning to this location in future trips to Vegas as an "honorary local."
5	Love the service and playground! Our family's top pick for "family date night"Have to try the cheesy chicken- crunchy and oh so flavorful!!
2	Ah, yes. Whenever I start wondering what it is I don't like about chain restaurants, I can always find a Joe's or other current-or-former Landry's restaurant to remind me why. Bland, tasteless, overpriced, swill.
1	I went here because of a massive craving for shellfish and it is not far from my house. I was sadly disappointed in almost every component of this experience.Service: Honestly some of the worst service I've ever had. After ordering a cocktail, I was very disappointed when after 20 minutes my server returned to my table, noticed I didn't have my drink yet and said "No one brought your drink?" It is a huge pet peeve when servers do not take responsibility for their tables and it seemed this is what he was doing. My drink ended up coming, but a few minutes after my food. Two other factors played into this horrible service experience. My table was about three tables away from the computer the servers used to ring up orders, and I heard one of the servers very loudly talk about how he was "screwed out of a tip" by a table. Very unprofessional. Finally, the manager of the restaurant did not really seem to care about his restaurant. He stood near the bar socializing with a young woman the entire time I was there, not once did he leave to check on tables or do any work. The only reason I even knew he was the manager was because the servers kept coming up to him with questions.Food: My food was served cold. Despite being in a steam pot...and it was all incredibly over-cooked. It was like they had steamed my shellfish and then let it sit in the steamer for hours before it was given to me. Very disappointed.
1	One star is for great service...butThe definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result.The definition of dining insanity is going to the same restaurant after you swore you would never go there again and expecting the food to be good!On TV I saw... "Fried Lobster Bites" which are two things I love: lobster and a light crispy breading (or so the picture on the TV represented them as "lightly coated nuggets of wonder").   Shame on me... what I got were overcooked erasers with a breading that was so thick it could have doubled as arctic parkas for tiny Eskimos.  The sauce had broken down, the corn on the cobb was dry, and gritts like paste. I will now stop the insanity.
4	Great atmosphere.  I like to visit once in a while.
3	Good food but bad service! People were running around like crazy, like they don't know what they're doing. There was a glass of water that spilled on the floor on a table in front of us, no one dared to clean it. Not very organized.
3	I am always amazed that the less people a server has the slower it is. Arrived only 2 other people inside at 12:05 pm first clue. Seated right away and 7 minutes before anyone noticed us or took our drink order. Our waitress had 2 tables and came out of the back after the 7 minutes.It may just be me but no one really seems to care anymore? Food is ok and prices are reasonable but maybe a buffet is better as you control your own destiny. The new mediocrity in service workers. It seems like no one wants to cover the floor anymore or interact with customers. Not smother them but at least have a presence in the floor. Then the 10 minute wait for the check.
5	The best service as soon as we walked in drinks were served they said are we ready to party and eat good and we said we are more then ready we had little bite of every seafood plate almost and it was very tasty and the moonshine flavored drink were great combo nice buzz good food and our server was really friendly and the whole staff was too and the mgr came over to mak sure we were having a good time and we thanked him great lunch didn't expect to have this much of a great meal and drinking fun at the same time..... We will be back we were spoiled !!!!!
3	Seafood is one of my favorites, I usually don't like the chain seafood places becase it just doesn't seem as fresh somehow, but I got to hand it to this place it has some pretty decent flavors, freshness and mixed assortment in my steam pot!Large Anartic king crab legs, clams, shrimp, New Zealand green muscles, smoked sauage, steamed with a spicey white wine and old bay seasoning. It wasn't mushy or chewy as I thought it might. Service was good, entertainment was fun and food pretty decent.
2	Been here about 3 times before but this last experience was the icing on the cake... Made a reservation for seven people at 6:30pm. Arrive & the hostess says yes, they do have our reservation but many other people also made reservations so we have to wait 20 minutes. Hmmm. So, because we had a toddler with us we decide that instead of waiting we would just sit outside instead. After about 15 minutes without a server coming by I go inside & tell the hostess. Then the waiter comes over & takes drink & appetizer orders. Brings the drinks but forgets my husbands for about 20 more minutes until we finally ask for it. At this point the music turns up about 50% louder, blasting. We couldn't hear each other...it was crazy loud. We ask out waiter to have it turned down. At this point he gets very augmentative & tells a member of our party to go inside & hear it in there cause it's even louder in there & we shouldn't be complaining about it. Soo we ask for the manager, who promptly comes out & explains it's just loud for 1 song that they dance to inside. No problem, our server could've just told us that. Our food comes. No drawn butter or the metal cracking tool for the lobster claws. I have to go inside to find out waiter. Next we need to ask for refills on our drinks. At this point our waiter is acting like we are putting him out & a huge pain in his butt. I was a server, so I know how it is...but this guy is in the wrong field. The food was fine, but the service left a lot to be desired.
2	The problem we had with this Joe's Crab Shack was the portion size. We ordered a bowl (not a cup) of the lobster bisque and received enough soup to barely cover the bottom of the bowl. We asked the waiter to top off the soup, instead of adding a dollop of soup the manager came by to argue with us. All you get is 4.0 ounces of soup, and that's it! I suppose that's marginally better than No Soup For You, but the attitude was the same.The rest of our meal was a couple of crab cake sandwiches and french fries, the number of fries each of us received could have been counted on one hand.Left hungry (this has never happened to us before at a Joe's Crab Shack).
2	Alright seafood. Nothing great and way overpriced.
1	If you're easily annoyed by hearing restaurant staff sing Happy Birthday every few minutes I would recommend a different place. It's actually been a little while since our visit to Joe's Crab Shack. I'm not at all going to regret saying we will never go there again. In a town where restaurants are everywhere they have to be on their A game to make it.My wife and I with a couple good friends make it a point to eat out once a month. Just to catch up and have good food. Unfortunately Joe's Crab Shack was my choice so it may be a while until they accept a suggestion from me :-). Since I'm writing this so long after our visit it won't be artistic in any way, just a list from what I remember.1) Constant "Happy Birthday" singing from the staff. This is VEGAS PEOPLE! Joe's Crab Shack? Really?2) Several times a service person attempted to take my wife's dessert away without asking her if she was finished.3) Saw manager standing near the fire exit for several minutes texting.4) When we were finally ready to go, we had to practically hit our server in the head with the receipt book to get his attention. Walked by our table a dozen times without acknowledging us.Never again Joe's Crab Shack. Sorry. If you can't appreciate your customer's why should they appreciate you.
1	My friend that flew in form Seattle and my wife ate there at lunch time. The first time any of us had every been at Joes Crab Shack, and I was really excited to go there for the fist time. But OMG what a disappointment, the food was the worst I we have ever had. It's like they never cooked the food. It all came in a bag, both our Lobsters was so tough never ate it, the Corn wasn't cooked didn't eat that, the shrimp really not deveined WTF. The Sausage was um not even fit for a dog. The money we spent was way over $150.00. WOW sloppy service and please don't waste your money. I will be going to Red lobster in the future I suggest every one do the same. Its not that hard to cook seafood.  I lived in Seattle and just moved here even the worst hole seafood place wasn't this bad something needs to be done.
3	It was okay. Nothing special. We don't have these in my neck of the woods and that night I felt like wearing a ridiculous plastic bib and spending $40....Sat at the bar where the service was so-so. Got the classic steampot which I enjoyed. More shrimp would've been nice.
3	All in all, it was just ok. One step above meh.We came here to celebrate a recent life victory. I expected much better service considering we were only one of three parties in the entire restaurant. Service, however, was glacial. They were perfectly nice and cordial, just very very slow.I ordered one of their special drinks and it took nearly 15 minutes to get it. Then we started waiting for dinner. I had to move my drink away from me because I was actually getting sick drinking it on an empty stomach. The food itself was okay...just ok. My husband's steak was overdone but he seemed to really enjoy his meal and didn't complain. I got the lobster and it was rather good. But, everything else was so salty I could barely eat it. Plus, it was served lukewarm. We then waited a long time for the check. Overall, I can see that would it have been busy, we would wait a long, long, long time. At least at Red Lobster we would have gotten cheesy biscuits while we waited. The prices were higher than at Red Lobster and the food not much better, the service about 1/4 as good. Sorry, Red Lobster is the closest comparison I could come up with for this one, and Joe's loses.
4	Popular food joint.  Good food.  High prices for the amount of food you get. I did get crab in my shirt but that was my own fault. They have a wide selection to choose from, so much so my server had to come around 3 times before I knew what I wanted.
1	I use to eat here all the time after a while everything started to change customer service and food went downhill, it takes them for ever to get my drinks n food isn't right last time we went it took them over 15 mins to get my drinks the place was empty  don't understand what took so long.
2	Everything was just....ok. they kept trying to give us the wrong food...twice. not cool when you are hungry. Our food took forever to arrive. I understand that happens every now and then but at least apologize for delay or offer to check on food for us. Once our steampots arrived, they were't even hot. More like room temperature which leads me to believe they might have sat in the back. Although I have a coupon to come back next month I am not sure I will.
4	Very simple seafood choices here. No stress. good steam pots and new menu choice. One of us order the salmon and over done, so have them under cook it. One order stuff shrimp with crab, delicious. One order maui mahi, very good. and of course coconut shrimp was Ono licious.
5	ate there with my boyfriend, and we enjoyed every single bite. we had an awesome waitress by the name of crystie (\maybe crystal) and we couldn't have been more pleased. she was suggestive but not pushy. she was quick, fast and friendly. we ordered two buckets. my dude had lobster which he loved and i had a classic steampot. we eat there at least twice a month, but i will say service is not as good on the dining floor or patio. but overall, thumbs up!
5	Having Birthday lunch at Joe's was a wonderful idea; my son chose it himself and I'm glad he did. Our waiter, Joe - yes, Joe - was amazing, fun, attentive to the Birthday Boy, and made the experience one to remember. Thank you Joe! And Joe's Crab Shack, you need more waiters like Joe!
5	Love, Love, Love Joe's Crab Shack.  This is our go to place when we are craving crab.  I always enjoy the Steam Pot of Crab: Queen crab with the Old Bay Seasoning, ear of corn, and new potatoes.  Always friendly service but it can be kind of slow at times.
5	AMAZING! Customer service was great and the food was just delicious. The manager even came up to us and greeted us, and solved any problems. A++
2	First time here..wasn't that great. Better off making it at home or a buffet. After all it is vegas and pretty sure you can get much better seafood for the price you'll pay here or even cheaper!! But my experience here..food wasn't cooked all the way and pretty much no seasoning (got one of the buckets..don't remember what it's called but it had a citrus seasoning). Took about 10mins to get someone's attention--place wasn't even busy/packed. Ended up getting the manager..he was nice and took care of the problem. Food came out better, seasoned, fully cooked, and he took 50% off of my meal. Which me and my sister appreciated. In my opinion I wouldn't go here again.. :/
5	I went in with my two friends and their twin babies.  You know what that means, right?!  We were a high needs table, but the crew at Joe's didn't hesitate to make sure all our needs were met-from beginning to end!Before my pals arrived I had sat at the bar and ordered a Strawberry Peach Sangria.  That cocktail is super good without being overwhelmingly sweet!  Very well done!  Both bartenders, Joe and another gal, worked as a team to make sure all bar sitters were taken care of.  They were uber-friendly, too, which is unusual and really awesome for bartender service.  You know how usually they are faaarrrr too busy to engage for more than your order?  Nope, not here.  Management has an eye for good people.Once we were all seated with the babies in tow, we had a super cool server (Cherise?  She was short and spunky with glamorous artsy tats) that made sure we had everything we needed.  She made some good suggestions---I ended up getting the crab appetizer and the shrimp caesar salad.  They were both really good, but you MUST eat the appetizer slowly unless you want to tear up the roof of your mouth.  (Why, oh, why must some of the tastiest foods do this?  Captain Crunch Berries...THOSE BASTARDS!)I'd also opt for dressing on the side next time, but all in all, these were great choices.  The service environment is superb here, lots of lively young folks that seem genuinely nice.  Pair that with tasty seafood and you've got a winner!
1	Went here for a late lunch with family on Saturday afternoon this place was not busy, but service was slow. We have to ask the manager if our food is ready, her  reply was, 'let me check, i dont think it's ready' . We're about to stand up and just left, but waitress brought one of dishes out, then all other food that we ordered was brought out too.
5	From the hostess to the waitress and even the fun balloon lady.... This place has HANDS DOWN the best customer service. Nasheema was our waitress. While ordering I casually said how I wanted the easier crab to crack for my daughter as I always spend my time cracking hers and never get to eat. This wonderful girl offered to crack hers so I could eat. That's just going above and beyond. The balloon lady remembered us from last time and was just so sweet. Other than the ac is broken and we are a lil chilly.... We love this place.
5	Really upset with myself as I forgot to check in on Yelp!    Anyway, 2nd time here @ Joe's and it was as nice as the first~ just apps & cocktails both DEEELISH! They really have great cocktails especially the Patio Punch  very nice taste and cold for the HOT days here in Henderson.  Our app was the Coconut   Shrimp, also quite good and generous portion certainly enough for sharing.  The servicer, Joe was very attentive, as always and he was also the bartender~ so this is a great guy to become friends with. No rush and easily paced allowed us to chat and catch up as we girls like to do
3	I've gone to Joe's a couple of times and I was disappointed both times.The first time I got some platter and it was so bland and one note. It all was just heavy and fried. Last night I went and got some soup and salad. The clam chowder was terrible. It literally tasted like buttery milk with some weird textured potatoes. The Caesar salad was standard.I love the ambience. I love how fun it is. The manager came and talked to us which was nice. I never got my water refilled until before we left.I always assume chain restaurants have good or decent service but I guess not. The seats are crowded. Hard to get around.I'll give them another shot and get a steam pot or something but I believe I'll stick to hot n juicy for seafood with corn and potatoes in a bag lol.
1	This place used to be good, the last 3 times have just been All Bad.  IF they even have the menu item you order the portions are so mediocre its SO not worth the money.  Its sad Joe's used to be our favorite date spot but after this last experience this past weekend we've both decided that would be our last time going there. We actually almost canceled our order and left but thought to just stick it out at the end the meal lacked luster and well the experience was disappointing. $68 later for two people and inly one of us got a steam pot, we could've enjoyed a better meal up the street at Red Lobster or even the Olive Garden.
5	Amber was a great server The food was tasty and the three dollar Margarita happy hours were awesome.   Oh ya. SHES HOT TOO
1	I was forced to eat here one time.Overcooked. Under-seasoned. Flaccid.Nice staff though.
4	On tuesday afternoon I attend the networking lunch at this location and over the last 4 weeks the service and staff has gotten much better about getting our orders out in a timely manner. I really enjoy the staff and they're very friendly and efficient. Foods pretty good. It has a very laid back atmosphere I would recommend it if you have time to hang out and have some pretty good food. If you're in a hurry though I would choose a different location or restaurant they still take a little time to get things out.
3	This place is great for kids if you can sit outside because of the playground. The service was ok. Had to ask for drink refills 3 times. The crab was good a lil on the salty side. But good. I think our waitress tried she was just busy. The Thursday night 1 Lb.  crab for $15 bucks is a good deal. Overall decent place.
3	Went on 10/18 for my birthday. As we walked in we were asked if we were celebrating anything ? I said it was my birthday and that was the end if that. Why ask then ?The crab was delicious. However the Lobster special was over battered and dry not the way it looked on TV.Ashlee was our server she was great. Next year we go somewhere else to celebrate
1	Not like it used to be!! I used to be a regular here about 10 years ago. The place was always packed and we would get great service. Well....Went back tonight and found it to be over-priced with poor service. No wonder the place was empty.   Shameful.
4	This was my first time here. Got the steamed snow crab pot with fries and hush puppies. The food was really good. Plenty of crab legs, and the fries were pretty good. The hush puppies had really good flavor. It just seemed like so much work to enjoy a meal. Everyone was so busy cracking crab legs that there was not much conversation.  They give you bibs to wear, which is good. However, I was not really pleased with the 'funny' sayings the waitress wrote on them. My father-in-law had one that was cute, it said 'Love me some crab'. My husband was given one that read 'My waitress gave me crabs', and mine said 'I came for a good time, and all I got were crabs'. Maybe if I had been in a party state of mind, or with a big group of friends I would have found this a bit funnier than I did. The stars are for the food. The waitress was very nice, but a bit overwhelming at times. Her heavy perfume was kind of unexpected at a restaurant. We sat in a booth, and for some reason my husband and I were really uncomfortable. Both of us had really stiff muscles part way through our meal. It was if the springs inside of the seats were all busted. If I was to return, I would have to try something completely different. I saw someone get a plate of nachos. Not sure what was on them, but they looked good.
4	Great service!!! Had the classic crab pot SOOOOOO GOOOOD!!!!    Bartender was great!   He will hook you up!!!
1	Don't waste your time or money. Had no wine glasses after ordering a bottle of wine. Ambience is like a fast food joint. Restaurant was not even busy! Head to King's Fish House.
4	We went to try there Fish fry for $10.99 available Monday, Tuesday & Wednesday.I have to say, you get a lot of food for the money.  But the fried calamari was the best.  The plate was full of calamari & frys.  Could not finish it all.  One of has the fish and the other the shrimp.  Also comes with green beens, onions rings, hush puppies & coleslaw.  Signing up for there club also gets you $$ off coupons almost weekly.
