5	Linda is the first person that has actually helped me with my stretch marks.  She has worked on my stretch marks with her patented process of camoflauging the scars.  I highly recommend her for skin care concerns. She cares and she is educated on the skin healing process.
5	I have been seeing Linda for about 3 years now. She is amazing, and my results are unbelievable. I had a few chicken pox scars, but my main issue was my dark spots and inconsistent skin tone on my face. I used to have to wear Mac studio fix foundation just to make my skin look good. Now I only wear blush and sometimes a little bronzer. Thanks to Linda I can wake up and not feel like I have to hurry and put makeup on my face. People don't believe my age- Lindas methods fight the signs of aging, while keeping your look natural. I love this alternative to fillers etc. I look like I am ten years younger. So many of my friends now go to Linda too because of my results. Thanks Linda!
5	Where do I even start? Linda is an absolute pleasure to spend time with and is great at her job. Not only does she specialize in a needling method to remove the appearance of scars and stretch marks, but she also creates unique facials treatment plans for each of her clients based on their specific needs. She cares about her clients and that shows through the effort she puts forth to create these packaged plans.Not only does she have over 6 years of experience working within this industry, but she is constantly doing research to find new methods and increase her customer's satisfaction. She really is a one stop shop for all your skin questions and concerns.As the others have mentioned on Yelp, she has the type of personality that makes you feel very comfortable within minutes of being in her office. She is highly recommended whether you would like a facial every now and again, would like to tackle an acne related problem, have scaring you'd like to get rid of and more.I came to Linda with acidic acne and really no rhyme or reason as to why I was continuously seeing breakouts all over my face, a problem I have had for over 10 years. After seeing many dermatologists and trying almost all of the medicines out there, I was ready for something different. She created a treatment plan to fight the acne on my face, which resulted in some very apparent changes after only two facial treatments. I have seen here for over 2 months now and could not be happier with the results. She has me on a new cleaning regimen, continues my facial treatments on an as need basis, has recommended some great products including the makeup I now swear by and has really made a difference in how my face looks and how I feel. I could not thank her enough for her work!!
5	Linda is so great. She explains everything so well and gives you the science behind what makes the techniques work. She is gentle and caring in her work and the results are outstanding. I highly recommend her.
5	Linda works miracles!  The most offensive scars, disappear!  She has such a talent and passion for helping people!  Even wrinkles disappear!  Linda is a master at anti aging as well!  Anything related to the skin, Linda is the best!
5	Scottsdale Skin needling is the only place in AZ which offers dry tattoo needling for scars. Linda's DC method was developed by her - so she definitely knows what would work on a patient and what wouldn't. I found her online while I was searching for an acne scar revision specialist. The best thing about her is that she prepares a treatment plan for you and orders products based on the conditions that she is treating you for. She is not a promoter of some big-fancy-branded products. I really like that about her. She just did my first skin needling last saturday and I'm really optimistic about the results that I will see in the coming months. I should say that she is an expert in her field !
5	Linda is AMAZING, not only is she an amazing person but she is also awesome at scar revisions.  I have a dog bite scar from 1996 that went all the way to the bone that I am self-conscious about.  I saw a crazy deal on Living Social for skin needling, WHAT??? I had no idea what that even was but after talking to Linda on the phone for 20 minutes I felt confident that she could help, at least, make the scar less noticeable. She never made promises that I felt like she could not keep, as in, she said it would be invisible or it would disappear, etc.  We are talking about a deep, old scar.  However, my scar looks AMAZING after 4 treatments.  It is flat, smaller and the discoloration is on the way to being gone.  I am beyond impressed with how it looks. I AM THRILLED! I get comments all the time from people that know me and say "Is there something different?", it's crazy!!!Now that we have covered the skin needling, let's talk about the other services Linda offers.  Along with the skin needling that Linda performed, she treated my whole face to make sure my scar treatment was getting the best chance to work.  Skin scraping and all over face treatment.  My skin looks and feels amazing.  I have not ever been this happy with how my skin looks and feels.  I have less wrinkles, less middle age acne break outs and the texture of my skin is amazing.  Linda never over sells products or pushes things on you, so you never feel like you "have to buy what she uses on you" like you do at some salons you visit.  She is one of the most genuine people you will ever meet and she will be honest about what she can and can not do to help you.  I really appreciated that when we started working on my scar.  I truly appreciated all her hard work and how my scar looks now!!Thank you Linda and Scottsdale Skin Needling!! Amazing place and amazing business!!
