5	This little gem has kicked it up 1000% since the new owners took over and got rid of the God awful smoking. The craft beer selection is awesome. Great atmosphere and very cozy. Will be nice when they are able to serve a little food, otherwise, if you are a beer lover this is a great neighborhood joint.
5	Awesome spot with good beer, a pool table, darts, and even board games. Haven't been there when it's busy so service was always top notch.
5	The Korner Pub is a delightful little dive with the perfect mix of classic Pittsburgh dive and craft brew haven. I grew up near this bar, and remembered the murky smoke-filled spot as somewhere I'd never venture. Since the Korner Pub has come under new ownership and cleared up the smoke, it's been recommended to me by countless South Hills dwellers. If you're looking for a laid-back spot to grab a beer, watch the game, or play some pool, this is the place. The draft list is fantastic, with a wide range of crafts brews both local and national. I bugged out when I saw the prices. $13 growler fills? This is officially my new growler filling station. The prices are affordable, and the pub also offers cans and 6 packs to go. The menu also offers pitchers of all the drafts--a welcome choice when you bring a group or plan to stay for awhile. If you're not a brew fan, I might not recommend this to you. The spot only offers beer, and there is no food sold here. I'm told you can bring in a meal--which is easy enough with several pizza joints nearby. The space is really simple, with a main bar, a dart room, and the pool table in the back. I played a quick game of pool while polishing off a Nitro Mojo IPA. I'm sorry I couldn't stay longer, and made a promise to be back very soon.
3	If you're looking for a place to grab some good beer, but don't want the hectic atmosphere of Cain's then the Korner Pub has that.  It is dark, quiet, and offers a really good beer selection.  Nothing much to review here, no food, just a place to sit down and have a couple of beers.  At times, depending on who it is, the employees tend to be a bit immature, but for the most part okay.
5	The staff and the craft brew selection is great. With games, dart boards and a pool table, the KP is a great local hangout. Linda
