4	QUICK convenient cafe in the Phoenix airport when you've got few options to begin with!!i like this cafe because i was looking for a salad, and normally airport salads are expensive & limp BUT they had a nice bacon spinach salad w/ strawberries here which was pretty cheap (it's extra if you add chicken)workers were SUPER niceNOTE: you can order at the register for a fresh salad OR if you're in a rush, they have pre-made ones in the fridge that you can grab & go
2	I have a sick addiction.  It's S&M, but for my taste buds.  Why I constantly subject myself to airport food is unfathomable.  I should have gone with something simple, which generally is safe at airports, but I opted for the French Dip sandwich.  The main draw of the sandwich is the horseradish mayo - this condiment (if one chooses to categorize it amongst the common ketchups and mustard) is my weak spot.  Much to my dismay, it was slathered with regular mayo.  I returned it and they were nice enough to prepare a new one for me.  Kudos for that.But the sandwich wasn't even great, despite the horseradish mayo.  Chips were a little stale too.  And it was expensive at like $12-13 bucks.  Y'all can try the other meals they have ... just don't get the French Dip!dmo out
2	I have myself to blame for part of this review.  After enjoying one of my top 5 dinners of all time at Monsieur Paul in the French Pavilion of Epcot, I expected authentic French food when we visited La Madeleine during our stopover in Phoenix.  After also visiting France, I have a basic idea of a typical quick lunch in France.  If I order a ham and swiss, I expect a simple ham and swiss with mayo on a baguette, possibly tomatoes if you're lucky.  Well, I was disappointed.  The ham and swiss seemed premade and reheated on a croissant.  There was no evidence of what was in the sandwich on the menu (not even bread) and the lunch rush at an airport does not allow a lot of time to question the menu.  Served with chips, they poured an individual bag of chips onto my plastic plate.  If we're at an aiport, a business should safely assume that this person is on the go.  I would have liked this explained to me so I could opt to just have the bag as it is.I have also struck out with wine at an airport.  Each white wine I've ordered, including here, was metallic in taste and hard to swallow.  I'm not a wine expert, but I know enough to know that is not good quality for the price paid.  I do not see any reason to try this place again if we find ourselves in the Phoenix airport.  They must have something better.
1	Avoid this place. I ordered soup and rice. After 15 minutes of no food I went to ask where my food was. They said they were out of soup. When I asked if they were ever going to tell me another guy said what do I want. I said my food and he proceeded to drain the soup dregs into a cup. It only got worse from there. (This is the short version) Finally the manager stepped in to give me a refund, never apologized once, but only gave me the cash for my soup. I then had to point out that they never gave me any food at all! Finally when I went to their corporate website, this location isn't even listed. Which makes me think that mismanagement must be company wide.
3	The Phoenix airport's dining options seem to be getting better, at least since I last visited in 2012. I remember reading at the time that the airport was making a concerted effort to bring in better cuisine. An airport location of La Madeleine Country French Cafe is a start. It opened in 2013 in Terminal B, sandwiched between a McDonald's and Cowboy Ciao (Scottsdale-based American restaurant and bar). These restaurants are all relatively new (or renovated) with open, fenced-in, dining areas along the concourse. All of these build-outs look good with nice modern designs.On a recent pass-through, La Madeleine looked most appealing to me for a quick meal. The restaurant has an upfront ordering system where you wait for food to be brought out to you or your table. There are glass display cases with ready-made foods such as baguettes, yogurt, cakes, and French pastries. A large window behind the ordering counter allows you to see inside the kitchen. The tables are small and the dining area resembles that of a French street cafe. The staff wears French chef uniforms and berets.The restaurant serves breakfast (eggs, bacon, oatmeal, omelettes), soups, salads, sandwiches (hot and cold), quiche, and chicken and pasta entrees. Prices are reasonable, especially for an airport restaurant, with no single item costing more than $9.99.If you're dining on-site, your order is brought to your table on/in disposable plates/bowls. If you're dining off-site, your order is securely packaged in sturdy disposable plastic containers and comes in a bag with handles. Practical and convenient. I saw multiple passengers on my flight leaving Phoenix who brought meals on-board packed by La Madeleine.Drinks (fountain drinks), napkins, plastic cutlery, and condiments are self-serve at a station next to the ordering counter.I ordered a Quiche Lorraine ($5.89) and one of the Soups of the Day, the Tomato Basil ($3.99). The other Soup of the Day was French Onion. The Quiche Lorraine comes with ham, bacon, and Swiss cheese. They've also got a Quiche Florentine which comes with egg, spinach, and Swiss cheese.The quiche have already been prepared and are reheated for new orders. They're served in plastic containers with clear, snap-shut lids. My Quiche Lorraine was OK, though it wasn't heated properly. I ate immediately after it was served and it was unappetizingly lukewarm. I think it would have been much better if it was hot. It reminded me of the frozen quiche I've gotten at Costco before. So it wasn't a very fresh or super tasty quiche. However, for airport food, it was satisfactory.The Tomato Basil soup was good, though the portion size seemed a bit small. The soup was flavorful, creamy, and a little thick (I didn't mind). I'd definitely order it again.Service was superb. The on-duty manager took my order at the register and also served the food to me. I saw him assist another custom with finding (and cleaning) an open table.
4	Located near terminal B20. Recommend Apple turnover
4	The second good place to eat so far in Phoenix airport. Ordered the turkey bistro with pasta salad for under$10.00. The portion size is deff good for the price. Baguette is nicely toasted and the sandwich did taste really good but I have to say, the side pasta salad is the star. It has the right balance of tartness and creaminess with al dente pasta. It's one of those, I wanna figure out what's in it bec I wanna make it at home kind of pasta salad. I've been at this place twice already and I've ordered the same thing bec it's soooo good. By the way, make sure to finish your meal with a baby lemon tart, that's all I'm going to say.
2	Picked this spot hoping for a quick bite between meals.  Looked to be slower than the McDonald's but quicker than the Cowboys restaurant each flanking this place in the Spartan B terminal (higher number gates).  Instead of being just right, this turned into a 20 minute wait for a quiche and salad leaving me stressed and a little mad. The last thing one needs at the airport after a mile walk from the upper gates of terminal A is slow service when u were trying to be good and not eat junky fast food.I now have to grab it to go and try to figure out how to eat this on a plane!
5	Extremely good airport food.  Highly recommend if you have time and are willing to get something more decent.
4	I have to say I didn't have a bad experience here during my short layover at PHX. After reading some other reviews, I just wanted to point out that this location is located in an airport. If your expectations are authentic French cuisine or food just like it would be in Paris, please just don't. I'm pretty sure you wouldn't find any 5-star meal at any airport. I ordered the omelette plate which came with a HUGE croissant (decent). My food did take a bit long to come out (~5-10min), but I realized it was because they actually made my omelette with fresh ingredients. I love mushrooms and was surprised that they used huge slices of mushrooms instead of sad little cubes of mushrooms I usually find elsewhere. The spinach was fresh as well.For $8.56 (tax included), I got so much more food than other airport restaurants would give at the same price. If you're worried about having to wait too long after ordering to eat there, just grab a sandwich or salad. They looked pretty filling to me. Overall, this place is great for decent airport food quality and really good for quantity. They don't skimp out on amount of food. Come here if you're looking for something that won't be too disappointing!
