5	Go there... Go there now...On Queen Mary Rd. just east of the Snowdon metro station is perhaps the best sushi place EVER. Okay, there may be better SOMEWHERE, but i have been trying really hard to find it (using guidebooks in other cities and friends' recommendations) to no avail.The 7 Dragon specialty roll is perhaps my favourite - crispy yellow rice paper outside, crunchy tempura inside - and the BEST sauce. Did i mention that each specialty roll comes with its own unique sauce?I never get the salad at a sushi place - all too often it is a little bit of iceberg lettuce covered in some sugary, thick salad dressing - it makes my skin crawl. The waitress - on what is now my sixth visit to Queen Sushi - convinced me to try their seaweed-cucumber salad. YUMMY!I can also recommend the Oh My God roll - a hint of strawberry at the very end of each bite. Scrumptious. For sushi - it isn't cheap, BUT well worth it as two people and two rolls makes for the need for a long walk.But be warned, as my gentleman companion complained last night: "You've ruined the cheap avocado rolls i buy for lunch at the Sushi shop. I'll never enjoy them again." That's me - raising people's foods standards one person at a time.
5	Order from the specialty menu when you visit this place. They have some very original and tasty items on this menu, including a sushi "pizza". The regular menu is ok, nothing too special but DEF check out the specialities, you will not be sorry!Come here if you want to try something different with a sushi twist. You won't find excellent sushi here, the 5 stars is really for the creativity of the specialty dishes. I wouldnt consider this authentic japanese style sushi, more of a variation of sushi with other influences.
5	This place is great!I was visiting from New York and had a sudden craving for sushi. The place is pretty small, but is decorated nicely. The owner of the restaurant was very friendly and accommodating! The menu was exquisite and unique with a variety of special rolls ranging from "Freedom Roll" - salmon/eel/avocado/caviar/crab/(which was my personal favorite) to Pizza rolls (a close second!). The portions were large and the quality of the sushi was top notch!The owner was very friendly and offered us a "Mango Tango" roll on the house which was delicious! Each roll came with a different sauce which complimented each other perfectly. When we asked for the check he also offered us with complimentary fried ice cream (with coconut flakes?) which was probably the best fried ice cream I have ever had. They managed to stick huge amounts of ice cream without any of it melting. Everything was amazing.As a side note - he had no incentive of doing all this for us because we told him we were visiting only for the week from NY. The great food and exceptional hospitality makes this place a must go! Highly recommended!
5	This is one of the best sushi place I have been to. Hands down. Great service, really yummy rolls.I never felt so content eating sushi before. A lot of restaurants just serve all the rolls at once which turns out to be overwhelming. However at Queen Sushi, they brought out the rolls one by one. I was really pleased with the quality of food. The presentation was extremely surprising-- they used a real flower as decoration. Food was great. Owners are very friendly!I'm from New York, but I would definitely go back if i plan on visiting Montreal again.
5	On a last minute hunt for a sushi place on a late Sunday night, my husband and I found this place and decided to give it a test drive. If you don't mind the location, on Park Ave.,--headache parking situation and the fact that it's right next door to a strip joint...you'll enjoy the food, it was superb. The decor was reminiscent of the late 1980's but we weren't there to redecorate! We wanted sushi! We went with a totally different sushi experience than what we normally get. Instead of the usual California roll and spicy tuna rolls we went with something called "Oh my God", which was priced at $14. We expected something divine and they delivered. We also had the "4 Ever", "4 Seasons" and the "Mango Tango". All were a refreshing change from the typical sushi rolls. They were filled with ingredients such as strawberries, mango, sweet potato, and topped with the most amazing individual sauces--each selection came with its own special sauce. The sake was also incredible. Our server Kevin was amazing, and truly knowledgeable of the menu. I highly recommend this place if you're a true sushi lover.
1	I'm not sure that the other reviewers went to the same restaurant as us!  I'm not sure how this place has 4.5 stars!  My partner and I went to this restaurant based on the reviews and were sorely disappointed!  We arrived for our 7pm reservation on August 8th to be told that they had no record of the reservation I'd made 2 days earlier.  After leaving us waiting at the entrance for about 10 minutes while they completely ignored us, they finally showed us to a table.  The table itself was dirty, the table cloth covered in grease stains and a few dead fruit flies.  We were tempted to walk out right there, but wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt.  After sitting for about 35 minutes, the waitress finally took our order.  It should be noted that there were only about 7 other tables seated, 2 of which already had food.  About 15 minutes later our soup arrived.  After 1.5 hours finally 2 of the 7 rolls we ordered arrived (and one of them wasn't even one we had ordered, but we were so hungry we ate it anyway).  The food was fine, nothing special, but at that point we couldn't wait any longer.  During that time another couple who said they were there for 2 hours without being served stormed out after seeing our rolls arrive before their food.  We went to speak to the chef (the waitress did not speak French or English) and told him we would take whatever else was ready to go and pay for what we'd eaten.  Only one additional item was ready!  The chef then left his post to spent 15 minutes adding up our bill, much to the annoyance of the other customers who had still not eaten.  On top of all this, they provided no beer or wine list and when we asked what kind of beer they had, the waitress made a "this size" motion with her hands.  They also did not provide napkins or soya sauce holders; we had to ask.
