1	Worst hotel ever! If you believe in showing up to your hotel room with your bed not made and no toiletries in the room...book this place right away. There are only two elevators in the hotel that the hotel employees and guests share which makes getting to your floor anywhere from 5-15 min. Almost every day was a rude awakening when my room keys reset and would not let me in my room. This would not have been such a big issue except for the time that it took to get the elevator to show up to my floor and then return to my floor. Out of a week of staying in this hotel, my room was only cleaned twice and that was when I requested this. The cleaners do not speak a word of English which I guess is good if you would like to practice learning another language. I fortunately spoke Spanish but it was embarrassing for me to stumble through a conversation with the cleaners when I just needed a box of tissues and some toilet paper.The elegant look of the hotel is summed up in one word...IKEA. Everything is cheaply decorated so you can bask in opulent trash while waiting for your elevator to show up.The staff is very pleasant and does make you feel welcome. That is the only good thing about the place. Parking is $22 a day which is a total waste of money and the hotel bill was double charged for several days of parking.In closing, I would not wish this hotel on my worst enemy.
5	I'm writing my review from the Hotel Sierra, it is a modern, boutique style hotel. The front desk is always cheerful and sincere. Everyone has been so pleasant, I wasn't checked in yet and one of the kitchen staff took my yogurt for me and put it in the fridge. The valet went to my car and got my suitcase for me instead of having me go get it. He didn't have to do that. When I walked in my room, I was greeted with a handwritten note welcoming me back (I had done a photo shoot of the grand opening) with a bottled water. And the reception called me immediately and asked was my room OK. Is my room OK? Are you kidding me, it has a separate bedroom, a kitchenette, couch and two flat screens. Full size fridge!! Free Internet. A big comfy bed. Black out shades, which are sent straight from heaven. The minute I walked in, I sent Billy a text with a photo (of the room) telling him to get to the Hotel Sierra! I guess it's not everyday you get a text from your wife asking you to meet her in a hotel. Scandalous.
5	I must say this hotel surpassed my expectations. It's one of Uptown's newest hotels so none of my friends could give me their opinions about it but I decided to book a room here for our Anniversary/Birthday romp through Charlotte. It's been a tradition of ours to get so tipsy we have to stay the night in Uptown after watching a hilarious movie. For example, 1st Anniversary The Hangover, 2nd Get Him to the Greek, 3rd The Hangover 2 :-) So anywho, I made the reservation and told the gentleman on the line it was our anniversary. When we checked in, Chad, the front desk clerk was very pleasent and was dressed sharply. We got upstairs to our room on the 16th floor and we were amazed. No lie, our room looked like a mini version of the room we stayed in at Boston's W Hotel. Except the W did not have a kitchenette in it. There were dark hardwoods, a stainless steel refrigerator, flat top stove, sink, dishwasher, and stocked cabinets. In the sink was a beautiful bouquet of flowers, a little congratulation note from guest services, and a plate of chocolate covered strawberries *wink*. Now let me say this, we have stayed at the Westin and the Omni Hotel and told them the exact same thing and received no flowers and no strawberries-so this place is on point!  Throughout the room was modern graphic art of Charlotte's Skyline which I thought was so cool. There was the usual city guide for out of town patrons and menu offerings for the Hotel's Bar. We checked out the bathroom that had a pocket door for space efficiency and a spacious shower.  The California King was plush and comfy and we had a great view of the city from our room.On our way out, we noticed the lobby area that was very chic, the color combination of gray, dark plum, apple green and silver was sooooo David Bromstad-ish (of HGTV). I wanted to check out the terrace that contained a sunken seating area, fire place, and hot tub, buuuuuut we didn't make it up there ;-).All-in-all the Sierra Hotel is one of Charlotte's best hotel's, the service is top-notch, decor is uber chic, with great amenities; we're talking mini-W Hotel here...Five Stars! :-)
1	My previous post did not show on the list so here it is again:Worst hotel ever! If you believe in showing up to your hotel room with your bed not made and no toiletries in the room...book this place right away. There are only two elevators in the hotel that the hotel employees and guests share which makes getting to your floor anywhere from 5-15 min. Almost every day was a rude awakening when my room keys reset and would not let me in my room. This would not have been such a big issue except for the time that it took to get the elevator to show up to my floor and then return to my floor. Out of a week of staying in this hotel, my room was only cleaned twice and that was when I requested this. The cleaners do not speak a word of English which I guess is good if you would like to practice learning another language. I fortunately spoke Spanish but it was embarrassing for me to stumble through a conversation with the cleaners when I just needed a box of tissues and some toilet paper.The elegant look of the hotel is summed up in one word...IKEA. Everything is cheaply decorated so you can bask in opulent trash while waiting for your elevator to show up.The staff is very pleasant and does make you feel welcome. That is the only good thing about the place. Parking is $22 a day which is a total waste of money and the hotel bill was double charged for several days of parking.In closing, I would not wish this hotel on my worst enemy.
3	This is a very nice hotel.  Everything is new and clean.  I was greeted respectfully.  It was decently priced for being Uptown.  There was an extra charge for keeping your car here which is expected for Uptown.  The pool here is on the north side of the building.  The deck does not get much sun at all.  The pool did not get sun all day.  However, the pool is heated and the out door furniture is very relaxing.  It is on the seventh floor and has some good views.  The pull out bed did not have any bedding and when we called they only brought us sheets, no blankets.  They brought them up the next time though.  They also closed breakfast early.  If you want breakfast you will have to get there sooner than 10 minutes before they close.  Overall, it was a pretty good experience!  This hotel is right next to Time Warner Cable Arena and you can walk anywhere Uptown.  They also have robes you can use.  My favorite part about the hotel was the room set up.  Our room had a FULL refrigerator, a two burner stove and a microwave.  Very nice layout too.  There is also a little store here that sells some random stuff.  I would recommend this hotel for long term stays.  I did not eat/drink at the restaurant at all.
5	Info:Just booked Hotel Sierra for $89 per night!  Beautiful new hotel that is under the Hyatt brand...  Go Look at Hotwire!!John
5	Very nice hotel with a good view and close to late night attractions
5	This hotel is a must stay in Charlotte!  Everything about it was impeccable.  The staff went above and beyond every expectation I had, the valets were really helpful and offered me directions pretty much every day that I walked out the door, and the made to order omelets were a treat too.  Everything was clean, the gym was great, and the bar served up quality drinks.  True Southern hospitality!
5	I booked 4 nights here through Hotwire and I got so damn lucky.  This place is crazy legit!!  My hotel room was like an apartment.  The color scheme was so classy.  Everything just felt new!  On top of that, the breakfast was free and Im not talking no cheap ass toast and coffee.  They went all out on your ass!  Omelettes cooked to order, potatoes, eggs, pancakes, cereal, bagels, muffins, toast, oj...all of it!!  If you can get a good rate, stay here.  Its worth it.
5	Absolutely fantastic! The decor was beautiful, the staff was exceptional, and even the breakfast good. I wanted to move in. I mean really, I wanted to move in! Sigh...
