5	Arrichion Hot Yoga has now opened their 2nd NC facility! YAY! Now, when I travel to Charlotte, I can still get in some hot yoga with the Arrichion team! If you're familiar with their Raleigh facility, which is fantastic, you will not be let down with the new location, which is equally as nice. Also, as you might guess, all of the instructors are well trained and professional, and they really give you a great workout!If you're relatively new to hot yoga and/or have only tried Bikram hot yoga, the classes are about 1 hour (I think Bikram is usually 1 and 1/2 hours, which is too much of a time commitment for me). There are a number of different class formats to try at Arrichion so you never get bored with your workout. That is, the classes are of varying lengths and feature a variety of different types of yoga moves.Hot yoga is a great workout, and the format is more motivating for me than other fitness programs I've tried. I'd definitely recommend Arrichion if you want to experience the benefits of yoga... or even if you're experienced with traditional yoga but want to find out what hot yoga's all about.
4	Hooooooooot. Arrichion isn't kidding when they said this was HOT yoga. 102 degrees hot (for some classes). I was originally intrigued by Arrichion's studio when I saw their card dropped into my mailbox. Since I live only a block away, as soon as I saw the Living Social deal ($20 for 20 classes within 2 months), I jumped on it. Inside, Arrichion is a sweet, well put together yoga and martial arts studio (two separate rooms). Since it's in South End among a handful of industrial like buildings, there should be plenty of parking nearby. And how about the classes? I went to Arrichion's first Saturday morning class (after the LS deal was announced) and oh my it was crowded. And hot. Did I mention it was hot? Pile in more than 50 people and you have a sweaty yoga party. But the instruction was spot on - quickly moving through the repetitive poses you won't have too much time to ponder how toasty you are while in warrior I or downward facing dog. A few things to remember when stopping by Arrichion: 1) If you are heading there for hot yoga, bring a mat and a long towel so you don't slip all over. 2) They offer a variety of hot yoga class types, martial arts and a mixed class of cross training and yoga (named Warrior), 3) Be prepared to sweat. I know I mentioned this plenty of times already, but with the super hot room, the (potentially) packed house and the challenging and fulfilling workout you will be gleaming! I'm looking forward to heading back to Arrichion for more hot yoga and trying out their other classes, too! Namaste!
5	If you would have told me 6 months ago that I would enjoy sweating profusely, I would have called you a liar. However, since finding Arrichion, sweating has become my new addiction. Since I pretty much brag about Arrichion to everyone I know, I figured I'd write a review to tell my story in hopes that YOU will read this & decide to give Arrichion a try, too!I decided to try out Hot Yoga, on a whim, when Arrichion offered a 20 classes for $20 offer on living social. I'm always willing to try new things, but I never anticipated making it to the 20th class. (Let's be honest, I didn't think I'd make it through the first class.) Fast forward to today, where I've been a member of Arrichion for 6 months and I feel like I can finally stop looking for a gym. In addition to the Hot Yoga classes, I've recently started mixing in some Warrior & MMA Circuit training classes. Between the the yoga & circuit training, I've gained upper body strength that I've never had before & I'm more flexible than I was as a cheerleader & gymnast in high school. My body has never felt so good as it does after a class at Arrichion. Not only is my body more toned & my love handles are gone, but I have more energy than I've ever had before. There are some days when I even forget to drink coffee!! (And if you knew me, you'd know how amazing that is since I normally have approximately 4-5 cups of coffee a day. And that's just to get through my morning!) What I love most about Arrichion is that the classes are a mix of girls AND guys. Every class at Arrichion is a "go at your own pace" type of class, which allows weak girls like ME to work out alongside the big, bulky, GTL type of guys. (No complaints here.) ;) Also, unlike a lot of other gyms & studios, they really cater their classes to the "working crowd." There are early morning classes starting at 6:15am,  lunch time classes & evening classes anywhere from 5-8pm. Yet another way to reiterate what a great workout Arrichion is for everyone!!So I hope that maybe something I've said peaks your interest into giving Arrichion a try. I guarantee once you start, you'll become addicted too! You can thank me later. :)
4	After moving to Charlotte in October 2011, I immediately began the long and arduous journey of searching for yoga studio/gym and today, I'm happy to report I found what I'm looking for...Arrichion!  To say the least, I'm a tough critic, I've been a group fitness instructor for 15 years, yes since 1996...I've led college students during the days of step classes and "hi-lo", I taught boot camp before it was popular and began teaching spin at the beginning of the program, so again, tough critic and very picky about any teacher, whether I was trained in that activity or not.  Back to my search: Even though I can walk to Arrichion, for some reason I visited every other studio/gym within a 5 mile radius and liked a few but nothing really grabbed me...when my new student pass expired at each, I simply tried a new place but this time I committed (which I'm a bit phobic about), jumped in with both feet, got a membership in Dec and I'm not disappointed in the least.  First I must say this isn't a traditional yoga studio, it's athletic yoga with a bikram focus and it's HOT, hotter than any studio I've ever been in.  Being an athlete all my life, I find this comforting because I want someone/something to push me to my edge and their yoga does this for me, as long as you have it within yourself to push but that's another conversation.  In addition to 4 different yoga classes and one pilates, they offer a strength circuit training called Warrior and a MMA circuit that are both fun and challenging, which remind me of my old boot camp days and high school sports practices (wall sits anyone?).  Now onto the people, another important factor for me: The instructors here make it a point to learn your name (they knew me before I knew them) and they are genuinely nice people, the MMA fighters are the sweetest group of guys who motivate/high five when training with you during circuit and the other members are great - I've already made many friends here.  In my short time at Arrichion, I've already seen improvements to the facilities, they've added classes due to their rising popularity, are in the process of offering more strength training options similar to a crossfit platform and planning to offer two teachers during yoga to provide adjustments during class.Lastly, I am extremely motivated by their band system (this from a girl who keeps a spreadsheet for her half marathon training) and I love the idea that when I achieve certain levels here by attending classes, I will get a band and a congratulations message on their facebook - how cool is that???  So, after 30 classes at Arrichion, I'm a fan.  If you're looking for a place to get into shape, maintain your high fitness level or change up your workouts, this is the place to try but after winning some awards, the word spreading fast - GET THERE EARLY!  Happy sweating!
5	I started off with a preview with Yelp. I followed up with the 20 classes for $20.00.  I really enjoyed the people, Quinn and Allison were great.  I look forward to the next special and I will be going back.  It help me to lose some much needed body mass and to increase physical fitness.  Thanks Yelp for previewing this event.
5	How do I begin to convey my love of this little Charlotte gem?!  Two friends of mine told me about Arrichion on a Thursday night...  I woke up Friday with a groupon in my inbox for 20 classes for 20 dollars at Arrichion and thought, it must be fate!Needless to say, it was.  This place is a 15 on a scale of 1-10.  The classes are intense, which I love.  I've been to hot yoga before, but nothing like this.  Every time I go I feel like I got an actual workout in.  Not to mention if you try one of the circuit classes!  This place really is the best of both worlds - workout and inner peace.  The space is limited, so you definitely need to get there a half hour before class starts, bring a mat, a towel, and lots of water.Another thing I love is that Arrichion is completely judgement free - even with MMA fighters & wrestlers training next door.  Classes are difficult, but you can go at your own pace and feel comfortable.  It's family owned and run.  Quinn & Clay are so sweet.  It's a great place to work out, relieve some stress, and maybe even make a few friends.DEFINITE RECOMMENDATION.  I'm addicted.Namaste
5	I first tried Arrichion a couple months ago using a Living Social deal. Now, you can find me there getting my downward-facing dog on multiple times a week.When they say it's Charlotte hottest studio... they mean it. Some classes heated to 102 degrees. And unlike studios that offer the traditional 90 minute yoga session (seriously, who has time for that?), Arrichion's classes are 60 minutes of intense movement. Trust me, you won't miss the extra 30 minutes. It's a great workout. I leave some classes and contemplate laying face down on the cool pavement of the parking lot. Don't do that though, you may drown in a puddle of your own sweat. Arrichion offers several different types of hot yoga classes. My personal fav is Krystallos... a yoga/pilates/core strengthening series. Think abs, abs and more abs. How much do I love this class? On Wednesdays I go to the early AM session, which is two hours before I normally get out of bed. Arrichion also offers mixed martial arts, circuit and crossfit type classes. Their schedule accommodates everyone. Classes 7 days a week... from 6:15am to 7:30pm. You can take each class at your own pace.This is the second North Carolina studio for brother and sister duo Quinn and Clay (They opened their first location in Raleigh a few years ago). The staff and members are all so friendly. They call themselves the Arrichion family and that's exactly the feel you get when you walk in the door.I've used several yoga studios throughout Charlotte. If you're looking to try hot yoga for the first time or just want to try a new place, they offer a great special for new students: $20 for 20 days unlimited. Bonus: if you buy online it is only $18.Things to remember: 1) Drink plenty of water. 2) Bring a mat, towel and water to class. 3) Get there early. Classes can fill up quickly. 4) No seriously, drink plenty of water throughout the day before class (you'll thank me for that later)If you don't like to sweat, then this place isn't for you. And beware- hot yoga can become addicting. But hey, at least it's a healthy addiction.Namaste!
2	Like many people, I purchased the excellent deal in December 2011 for 20 classes. I have mixed feelings about the place.Pros-They do an awesome job of heating the room for hot yoga. Lots of places claim to offer hot yoga, but then the room maxes out around 80-85 degrees. For those of us yogi's who love us some steamy yoga that's disappointing. Arrichion does a super job in keeping the room toasty so you can get your sweat on. They also offer a variety of classes and times which is great. Cons- You will be crammed into the yoga room like tuna in a can. They have tape on the ground that outlines where to place your mat, I believe in an effort to maximize the # of ppl in the room. I couldn't do some moves bc of the awkwardly close proximity to your neighbor. It's a turn off. Lastly, for someone who hasn't done yoga or hot yoga before, there's not a lot of instruction or personal attention as other places offer.I appreciated my classes but I wouldn't go back again.
1	Like many folks, I purchased l deal to try Arrichion for $20. I am surprised that they actually even call what they do here yoga. There is an instructor that calls out poses in the front of an overly-crowded room.  I have had better classes at the YMCA. If you aren't doing the poses correctly, no one would ever notice. You might as well listen to a tape or buy a DVD.  You are rushed in and rushed out. You must wait outside in line to even get inside, despite the weather. If you don't get there well ahead of class, you run the risk of being turned away (waste of time). I felt like the place catered to very young, non-professionals ( think college gym class). It's a cheap exposure to what it feels like to move in a heated room, but is a far cry from yoga, and def is not a relaxing, enlightening practice where you can develop any sort of skill. You cant even do half of the movements without hitting your neighbor. I wouldn't go back, and I certainly wouldn't pay a monthly fee here when there are so many good practices in Charlotte ( Be Yoga, Yoga One, Laughing Buddha).
5	I can't say enough about Arrichion! The staff is incredibly personable and friendly. I have only been a handful of times but I'm seriously considering going back  ASAP. I initially went to Arrichion when a friend graciously paid my way for a class. He figured I would like that sort of thing and he was right! My first class was the Hot Yoga/ Circuit class and I felt AWESOME afterwards. The class was an hour long and consisted of half an hour of hot yoga, then half an hour of lifting and plyometrics. I remember thinking to myself "If I did this just 3 times a week, I wold be diesel." No joke. This class is NOT for beginners or those who aren't too familiar with yoga or lifting. If you are a beginner, I would suggest you make sure the staff knows this as well. When you do take a hot yoga class, be sure to bring a mat (or rent one) and a very big towel to cover your mat (or a yoga towel) as well as a water bottle and a hand towel to wipe your sweaty-as-crap body and face. Umm yeah.... you're gonna sweat like you never thought you could. But it's a good kind of sweat.. like when you just KNOW you're ridding your body of chocolate cake, beer, pizza and makeup. (Does that even make sense?)Bonus: Arrichion usually offers Living Social deals and deals for beginners for only $20 for a full month of classes. That is a downright steal for the amount of attention and results that are guaranteed from these classes. Call ahead and ask questions if you're scared to take the hot yoga plunge and the nice peeps there will even give you a tour if you are still apprehensive of joining. I promise you, though, that you will thank yourself for trying even the first class and will most likely become addicted after that. It's never felt so good to be a sweaty, hot mess!
4	Yay I'm a fan!  I'm not going to lie I bought this Living Social months ago and still didn't have the courage to try hot yoga well that was until yesterday.  I am so glad I did it.  This is a great workout and being a newbie to hot yoga the instructor didn't make it intimidating at all.  Sure there were times where I didn't think I was going to make it through the class but you soon get past it and by the end you feel great.  I love that this class challenged me and kept me wanting more.  I can't wait till my next class.*Another incentive you can't beat the price (introductory)  $20 for $20 classes (you can still get this deal on their website if you want to check them out)
2	I started going to Arrichion last fall before their LivingSocial/Groupon deals started going out, and I loved it. The heat, the instructors, the feeling of community - everything. But then...dun dun dun...the dreaded crowds came. Arrichion puts out so many LS/Groupon deals that the studio has gone from popular and well attended to absolutely-jampacked-unpleasant. Every class I've gone to since the late fall has been totally packed. I've waited outside for 30 minutes and gotten turned away because the class is full (on-line sign ups would be VERY helpful at this gym). Also, there is no instruction in the yoga room whatsoever. The workouts definitely left me sweaty and sore, but the monthly fees are way too expensive for the experience. Sorry - I was a lover but have moved on.
5	Let me preface w this: there is no such thing as a one size fits all yoga studio. There are one size fits most yoga studios and Arrichion is an example of the latter. Also, I am neither an instructor, family friend, related to, or dating anyone on the staff or management team at Arrichion. Layout: the studio has 3 rooms; 1 for HOT yoga [no mirrors, mat "parking spaces" relatively close to each other but not creepy close in my opinion], 1 set up w different stations for MMA style training (punching bags, weighted medicine balls, heavy ropes, etc) w 2 water fountains and music system, and 1 for circuit training (kettle balls, free weights, resistance bands, bosu ball, etc). There is 1 [unisex] shower with toiletries, a wooden bench and wall hooks for belongings and/or hella sweaty clothes, and a scale [boooohiiissss]. There are 2 single stall bathrooms next to the shower in the small hallway connecting the lobby to the circuit room. A women's changing room w 2 cubby shelving units to store belongings during class, a full-length mirror, and a 3/4 length mirror. I believe it's the same setup in the men's changing room. Classes: MMA circuit: mixed martial arts drillsSparta: crazy intense plyometrics. Must complete an intro to class before taking.Tiger's Eye: 30 min circuit training, 30 minutes hot yogaWarrior: circuit portion of Tiger's Eye done 3x as opposed to 2x in TETopaz: 22 static poses. 11 standing, 11 on the mat/floor. Very similar to Bikram yoga. Diamond: same as Topaz w less prompts during each pose. LED candles in front of room. Krystallos: core work. Think HOT pilates. Mostly on the mat. Bloodstone: HOT vinyasa flow. Heavy emphasis on warrior series - sequence involves a great progression of warrior 1-3. Black Opal: HOT vinyasa flow. Not as repetitious as Bloodstone is in the beginning. Students are given options in many poses to take their practice where they feel best that day/night. Instructor will demo said options of poses.Fun workshops are offered on a monthly basis and are always announced in classes, on the Facebook page, and maybe now via Twitter @ArrichionCLTInstructors: MMA and circuit training side is Clay, Corey, and for TIger's Eye (the amazing 30 minute circuit, 30 minute hot yoga class) Heather. They will motivate, push, and encourage you throughout the circuits. Quinn, Alexis, Melissa, Dianne, Corey, Megan, Alyssa, and Heather comprise the lineup for Arrichion hot yoga instructors.  Each lead class w  own persona and flair; all are willing, able, and happy to provide asana adjustments to students who don't mind a pair of hands on their sweat-soaked clothes. Pricing: I have heard about different deals Arrichion has run through Living Social, Circle Southend and/or other residential buildings. What initially attracted me is the $20 for 20 classes ongoing promotion. It's a great way for someone to take all Arrichion's class offerings in just about 3 weeks (doesn't it take 21 days to create a habit?). After the $20 for 20 you may make use of another sweet offer: $100 for 2 months and then a recurring $89 monthly autopay. Arrichion does offer student, military, and senior citizen discounts, in addition to multiple class passes if monthly doesn't suit your needs. No contract nor long term commitment beyond the first 3 months is required. You may cancel at anytime, without being hassled, by submitting your request in writing 30 days before your next scheduled autopay. Miscellaneous: During the summer ice/freezer pops are provided after class. Rental mats and towels are available. Bottled water in mini fridge $1. Arrichion shirts available for purchase at desk. My suggestions for first time visitors: arrive 15-20 minutes (preferably 20 if possible) before class starts to fill out a waiver, take a tour of the facility, and change clothes or put stuff away. Bring more than 16oz of water, a face towel, mat, mat towel (or beach towel if you don't have a mat towel so you don't slip and slide on your sweaty mat), set of dry clothes to change into after class or bath towel to sit on in your car. Plop down your mat in the center or back row and towards the center so the instructor is always in your line of sight. If and when the class is packed to the max (cold mornings, chilly evenings, or really just randomly) the instructor isn't quite able to walk around and provide adjustments so being able to see them is a big plus. Please leave your cell phone in the changing room or in your car. Please keep noise level low in the hot yoga room before and after class. Please shut the door on your way out. Even though a lot of us enjoy chatting it up in the lobby, changing room, and bathroom hallway, more than a few of us really enjoy the silence/getting in the zen zone on the mat. Finally, there is a strong sense of community. I have connected w a fantastic group of people through Arrichion. Working on health & fitness in an awesome, supportive environment? That's a perfect fit to me!
2	Arrichion was my first exposure to hot yoga- so I have to thank the studio for that. I'm now a die hard hot yoga student- just not at Arrichion. I went to Arrichion for 3 months first starting out with their 20 classes for $20 deal- which is a great on-going introductory deal. (See their website) After that, I joined for the $100 for the first two months and the $89 per month after that.Many of the other reviewers did a great job of summarizing the classes and the studio itself so I won't go through that. I'll just summarize at some points that I experienced while I was a member. I am no longer a member and my main reasoning falls on two points. First, lousy customer service and second the downright unprofessionalism of one of the owners. $89 is just not cheap enough for me to deal with either of these things. 1. Hot: Yes, it's hot. It's definitely hotter than any of the other studios that I've tried out- to a fault, in my opinion. I found myself getting out of poses or needing a rest more because of the heat than my muscle fatigue which cuts down on my overall workout. The temperature is also all over the place though depending on the teacher. Some make it extremely hot, others not as hot, some open the door at the end of class to cool the room off, some don't. For a cookie cutter studio this is the one area that there are differences in the classes. Plenty of people enjoy the heat though- I prefer the 95-100 degrees I practice at.2. No variety in the yoga classes: A few of the other reviewers have mentioned this and I very much agree as a point of annoyance. There are several hot yoga classes that offer different experiences for different levels of skill. However, those classes are the same, each time. Topaz is the same regardless of the time, day or instructor, the same with the rest of the yoga classes. And by the same, I mean the instructors say the EXACT same thing EVERY class. They are holding an instructor training and I can't help but think that all that it is is memorizing each script. At first, it was okay, I knew what to expect. However- after three months of going 2-3 times a day being able to recite the script in my head with the appropriate inflections in the right place along with the instructor was driving me crazy. "Flex your toes back toward your face engage your right leg, inhallleee, lifffttt, exhalllleee, lowwweeerrr." It's like the gym version of Ground Hog Day. Obviously, I practice a lot, so it will take someone going once a day to a few times a week longer to get to the insane asylum point, but you'll get there. 3. "This is not yoga" A few reviewers have said this and while on one hand, I understand where they are coming from, there are some points to be made. If you're familiar with yoga- this is vinyasa flow using Bikram poses- which are different from poses in other yoga disciplines. So yes, "Triangle" at Arrichion is "Side Angle Pose" at the studio I go to now. It doesn't mean that they aren't using the proper terms for the poses- it's just Bikram style and the poses are different. However- there is very little emphasis on connection with breath to movement or form outside of the occasional Topaz class that has adjustments- much different than yoga at any other studio. There is no emphasis on any of the other benefits or principles of yoga other than the poses- which could be good for some. If you're looking to get into a hot room and exercise using yoga poses- this is the gym for you. Reviewers and staff insist that what they practice is "athletic yoga" which I can only assume to be their way of dismissing any of the other aspects of yoga. In my opinion going to any of the Ashtanga or Baptiste (the only other ones I've tried) yoga studios- you'll get just as good- if not better and certainly a more complete workout. 4. The Groupon: Also something that other reviewers have touched on. The groupon was really what kicked off my growing annoyance with this studio. Many studios offer groupons as a way to attract new clients. This studio needs a lesson in diminishing returns. By the time the groupon was offered, I was a member paying $89/month. Word went around the studio that the groupon was oversold- 1600 were sold and this studio is TINY! Suddenly I needed to leave my house 40 minutes early (I'm approximately 15 minutes away) just to get a spot in the class. Who has time for that? There is no online sign up. If you're a member running a bit late to leave you stand in line (outside by the way) behind everyone who paid $20 for what you paid $89 for and you may or may not get in. Plenty of people are okay with this and will leave their houses extra early to ensure their spot in a class of which they are a member- not my style. Speaking poorly of students and the endless, name calling tirades about the competition- in the open- also got old. (Chicken Legs? Grow up.)  I want a yoga studio- not a clique. Thanks for the intro to yoga but I've moved on.
2	I bought one of the Arrichion deals last winter and attended my first few classes with the mad rush of others who jumped at the discounted classes. It is not the gym for me. While I have tried my fair share of hot yoga studios, this one felt very impersonal. The routines were just that. . . the same thing every class. I like yoga because it is generally a more personal practice where the instructors lead everyone to find a personal level accomplishment and each class varies in the flow. I didn't get the same sense of trust or guidance since the Arrichion instructors did not provide any one-on-one correction or clarification. I know I need help finding some of the postures. I'll have to look elsewhere.
4	This place is small but great for what they do. I have never seen a studio offer the variety of classes that they do and at different times through out the week so you can always find a class that fits your schedule. My first class was the Tiger's eye class which is 22 mins of circuit and 22 mins of hot yoga. the circuit part was definately challenging but the variety kept you going. I loved it. The 22 mins of Hot Yoga on the other hand was extremely difficult. After the 22 mins i did not think I could handle a full 45 mins of hot yoga but decided to try the Topaz class which is for beginners. If you are new to hot yoga this is definately where to start. It was a lot easier which made staying in the hot room for 45 mins a lot easier. I am still undecided about hot yoga but I love their circuit training classes.
4	Great hot yoga place. They like it hot and so do I. The classes on Sundays are packed so if you don't feel comfortable doing yoga with someone 3 inches from you then this is probably not your place. I enjoy the instruction because it is the same every time. I feel like I always know what to expect although I see some of the reviewers did not like that aspect. I do feel their prices are a tad high but it's worth it. Namaste
3	I have been a long time YogaOne member and a friend of mine gave a living social 20 class yoga pass here. I practice hot yoga for several reasons. I enjoy the type of full body work out I get,  but I also practice because it helps tremendously with my stress and anxiety levels. The staff was very friendly And the young lady teaching the class was pretty knowledgeable. The room was hotter than what I was used to. I just assumed it was because the class time was actually shorter, They compensated by turning the heat up a little, but I'm not sure. The actual workout was great, But it definitely lacked the spiritualness and calming factors I was used to from YogaOne. If you're trying to just get a workout in, This place is great. If you're practicing for additional reasons like me, however, I would recommend maybe a different venue.
5	I have just purchased a unlimited hot yoga classes from Airrichion. Most of instructors are awesome, knowledgeable, and friendly. I do prefer the instructors would actually practice with us since I'm not expert at all yoga poses. For a student, Airrichion offers a pretty good deal for unlimited package. It's less than $2 per a day. I know Arrichion via LS, and Groupon, and can't help it just love it!! Hot yoga is an absolutely addiction!! The length of class per a class is 45 mins. I thought was prefect since I don't think I can stay in a 102 degree room over an hour. You will love this studio!
5	I have been a member at Arrichion since January of 2013.  Since then, as difficult as the classes were for me at first, I have been a faithful attendee of any and all classes they offer.The owners are young, but extremely knowledgeable about their field.  Yoga, and especially hot yoga, can be very intimidating to the inexperienced, but Quinn & Clay Reynolds train and foster up new teachers who make the entire experience of being good to your body by working hard an extremely positive one.  I cannot say enough good things.  I started out with a shrug and a $20 Groupon, and it is THE BEST thing I've done for myself this year.  I look forward to every class, and every new step.  I don't think I could ever go back to doing yoga in a room-temperature environment again.  I love that their motto of "Leave your 'om' at home."  The "no BS, but we will help you achieve your goals" attitude is the drug that has me coming back almost every single day now.
4	Overall, I like the workout I get here.  I've been attending their early morning classes for about 20 days (just finished their intro deal), and so far so good. Be aware they are very strict on their start and stop times, so allow for a little extra time to get there just in case your clock doesn't quite match with theirs. Their staff also seem very knowledgeable about what they do here, and are approachable if you have concerns. Each class is very consistent and is taught the same way, so, for example, if you come in for Topaz it'll be the same class no matter who teaches it. I've seen some people on here complain about that, but I personally like that so that I know what kind of class I'm coming in for that day.
5	Well, I figured I should probably update my review. So how do I feel about this place 325+ classes later? Love it more than ever. I would like to start with a new student who walked in and said, "oh my place is intense. The heat is at like 80 degrees." Aw, isn't that cute. You're in for a shock here. These hot yoga classes flirt around the triple digit range. One of my favorite things about the A is the family like feel. Members and staff become friends. Feel like flaking out and skipping your workout? There's always someone to push you. Encourage you. Make you a better person each day.Want to try it out? The 20 for 20 deal is still one of the best in town. $20 for 20 consecutive days unlimited for new students. This let's you explore all the different classes.Break down of the classes:Topaz: your basic hot yoga class. Traditional posesDiamond: Topaz but with less instruction. Room is lit with candles.Krystallos: think hot pilates. All abs, core workBlack Opal: fun, challenging pose classBloodstone: flow. Lots and lots of flowWarrior: circuit class. Stations (pulls ups, bench, jump box, etc)Tiger's Eye: 30 minutes of flow hot yoga and 30 minutes of circuit. This is one of the hardest classes I've ever taken... and I LOVE it.Sparta: for all you people who enjoy crossfitAny level can do any class. You go at your own pace. Noon classes are my favorite because they are not as crowded. The evening classes (especially the 6:15pm can get pretty busy). They are getting ready to add a 7:45am class on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Quinn and Clay take great pride in what they do and their students. I'm happy to have found them and this place. Here's to hoping to hit my next milestone by the end of the year.... class #500.
2	Meh... This yoga studio is just okay. There are much better hot classes in Charlotte (and at a much cheaper price). It seems like people just go here so they can check-in on Facebook rather than practice yoga.
5	I'm so happy to be writing an update two years after my first experience at Arrichion that is even better than before.  I loved Arrichion two years ago when I started working out there - so much so I thought about quitting my corporate job and trying to get certified to teach yoga.  The community, the people, the atmosphere, the sweat... everything about it is addicting.  Sadly, shortly after I joined two years ago I landed a job in Ballantyne and moved closer to Southpark, which made the trek uptown almost impossible for the classes I wanted to get to.   Alas - I ended my love affair with Arrichion and found a gym that was easier on my schedule.... but the flame was still there... burning like an ember in my sweaty yogi heart.Last month I moved back uptown, and lo and behold Arrichion ran another Groupon for 20 Classes for 20 Dollars (what are the chances!?).  I met a friend for my first Tiger's Eye class in two years and I walked in the door and Clay (one of the owners) remembered my name!  I was shocked and so humbled.  Another reason why this place is unbelievable.  It's a family and the management team goes above and beyond the call of duty to make you feel at home and welcome.  Tiger's eye didn't disappoint.  I walked out of Arrichion a sweaty and exhausted mess... which is exactly what I want after a good workout.  Needless to say the love affair has been reignited and I won't let it slip away again!
3	I got the $20 Groupon deal and was excited to try out a new studio. My first class was yesterday. It has a convenient location for many people and schedule has a lot of offerings. It was PACKED in the class. This is to be expected with such a great Groupon deal. However, I get a much better workout when there is a bit more room. Compared to other hot yoga classes, this is really HOT. Having so many people in the room, no window, and the low lighting may have made it feel even hotter. The heating system was a bit loud and hummed throughout the class. I would rather hear the music and instructor. Since the room was packed, the instructor could not provide much help with adjustments or demos. So, for that reason I would not recommend this class for beginners...unless you go at an "off" time with less crowd. Overall, it was okay.
3	I'm feeling *HOT* HOT *HOT* They told me that they have the hottest studio in town. That's no joke. Classes are short and sweet. You definitely get your sweat on. Look for discount deals on their website and daily deal sites. They seem to always be running something. Bring a mat, towel and water  and you'll be set.
5	Just wanted to throw out there that I've now been a member of this wonderful studio for nearly 2 years.  If anything, my resolve and determination have doubled since I started.  The community of yogi's, fighters, lifters, runners, etc... is so wonderful that it's more like an extended family than just the people I workout with!  As long as these doors stay open (I mean, they're locked during class, so don't come late or anything!) I'll be coming back again and again!
5	I've been going to Arrichion Hot Yoga almost every day for the past 3 years.  I never imagined I would find a yoga studio that offered a wide variety of classes along with circuit and weight training that pushed me every day, combined with teachers always willing to challenge and support me, and members with whom I would grow close and eventually call true friends.  After my first few classes at Arrichion, I knew that I had finally found all three.The atmosphere created by the teachers and members stands out the most and is unlike any other yoga studio I have ever attended.  Each day, you can come as you are and know that you will be surrounded by good people encouraging you to help reach your personal fitness goals, whatever they may be.  The workouts are intense and the class schedule is set up in a way that offers a wide range of classes at different times throughout the day to accommodate all types of home and work schedules.  Of the core classes that I take Monday through Saturday, each one is different than the other and getting to the studio at some point during the day is never an issue, even with a busy work schedule and two small kids at home.My physical and mental health have never been better.  I'm actually stronger today in my late 30s than I was in my early 20s and am excited about what goals I will reach next.  I'm thankful every day that Arrichion is such an integral part of my life.
5	To any guy on the fence about joining a hot yoga gym: Try it.  Don't not try it.  In fact, to ANYONE on the fence about it.  You can do it!I started at Arrichion about 2 years ago when a friend of mine gave me her soon-expiring groupon just before she left for vacation.  I went to a few classes, and discovered quickly that not only did I like the challenge, and the fact that it gave me a chance to get in my own head and compete against myself, it also made me a better all-around athlete.  I'm primarily a cyclist, and yoga has helped me to be more flexible on the bike (which means I can get tucked into the drops just a little tighter, and have no back pain after a 4-6 hour ride).  I've also dropped a bunch of weight since joining, and have gotten lots stronger, thanks to the group weightlifting and circuit classes offered at Arrichion.This is all not to mention the people there.  The gym is run by the friendliest, most accepting, down-to-earth group you'll ever meet.  They'll work with you to help you get better and stronger at everything you do.  From elite endurance athletes to triathletes to dancers to hobbiests to runners and people just trying to get into shape, there's so many great people at Arrichion, you'll wonder why you wasted your time NOT going there before.It's a game changer, and a life changer.  You won't want to stop.  I haven't, some 200 classes later.  And I'll be back for more.
