3	I recommend any USPS location with an APC, automated postal center.  If you don't print your label online you can do it here and ship without having to interact with a human.
4	Wow.  Points for the friendliest USPS employee I've ever interacted with.  I wish I'd gotten her name.  All I needed was to make sure I had the right postage on my larger-than-usual letter.  I said so and she said all righty.  She checked it and said yep you're fine.  You need anything else today?  I said nope I just want to mail this in.  She said okay if you're ready to mail it I'll take it now.  You have a good one!  I said thank you, you too!That sounded like a normal customer service interaction to me!
3	Sometimes I feel as if there aren't enough post offices in the QC...then I remember I need to mail only 5 or 6 things each year. Regardless, this is one of the closer locations to me, so I've been here many a time. Support local, ship stuff. Pros: Pretty friendly employees and fairly efficient. If I know exactly what I need, I'm usually in and out within ten minutes. They also offer plenty of packing supplies, stamp, automated postal counter, P.O. boxes etc. Cons: The passport line can be loooooong - so plan accordingly. Parking can also be a bear, so avoid the law of the invariable right and head to the left side parking lot. For convenience and gettin' your affordable ship on, this is a solid post office.
4	Always in and out here, plus the staff are always so courteous!
3	As has been mentioned, this is not one of the nicer-looking post offices in the area.  To be fair, Charlotte does not have a whole lot of fancy architecture to be found, even though the city has been around for a while.  Shame, really.  But this place is definitely in the bottom of that list.On the inside, it actually gets worse.  I would call it Purgatory, but that would be an insult.  To Purgatory.  Little babies in Purgatory are told tales of this post office by their parents so that they clean their plates, do their homework, brush their teeth and go to bed at night without fuss.At least, that is the case if you are waiting in line for a passport.  The postal services are not all that bad - though the inside looks like something out of Beirut in the 1980s, including a small store area with absolutely nothing on the walls - the service moves quickly, and generally with a smile.  But the passport line moves as quickly as sorghum molasses.If you are one of those people who needs to submit your passport application in person, be prepared.
2	I've experienced better isn't exactly true.  The USPS is crippling. I walk in here knowing that this is the USPS and I'm there to beg for service.My main gripe isn't the station here but the mail carriers that serve my building are just horrible and when I have a larger than normal package (hehe) they leave the slip and then I have to trek down to this station to get it.When I get there it's always a treasure hunt as to if you will get your intended mail or someone elses.  Last time I was there they were just about to give me someone else's mail from their vault and continued to tell me that it was worth over $500.  Jeeze.  I quickly corrected their error and they finally came out with my correct mail.
1	ughI plead the fifth!
2	Having a few packages to mail & this being the closet post office to me I headed over around 11 to miss any lunch crowds. There were only a few other customers there, but I noticed there was only one person working at the counter. As I got my packages organized there was a lack of slips, packages, etc. so I headed to the line, hoping the counter girl could assist with what I needed. After waiting almost 30 minutes in the line, she was very rude and was unaware they were out of certain boxes and told me I should go to another location. I paid for what I could and left disappointed with the service.
3	It's sad when you drive through Atlanta, and go to Charlotte, and you need to ship important documents to Atlanta.  Since it's a PO box, you can't ship it UPS (well there is a way around that but I can't spoil that one on here, sorry)- so I had to take it to the post office.  Oh yea, I do live in Memphis, but I am just that damn busy!I needed to find a post office, and it was Black Friday.  Now, this could go either way.  Now call me crazy, but I have been to plenty of post offices on Black Friday where the place was a zoo (people shipping their newfound deals, Christmas cards, etc etc).  Thankfully, that was not the case here.I assume this is the main PO downtown, as it had a nice size.  Thankfully, it was empty.  I went up to the self serve machine, did my business, and off I went.  I was surprised to see the rates went up- I sent an express mail envelope (so it could get there by Sat) and it was $19.95.  Yes, it is much cheaper than Next Day Air Saturday delivery, but I could have swore it was only $13.  Maybe I just live in the past!The good news is, my package arrived on time, and all was good, so I will take it!  I did not deal with any people there, so I have no idea if they are courteous or rude.  However, on a side note, I said hello to a person walking by and he gave me this look.  Well, "F U too!"
3	It's the USPS so I think you know what you're in for, but this location is very easy to get in/out especially with being in Uptown. They have plenty of parking and the handful of weekdays I've been here the lines have moved quick and the staff have been friendly and helpful.
1	The worst location I have seen! 16 people standing in line, two oblivious associates with attitudes that wont answer questions or care.
