2	My husband and I lived here for just over a year. We started in a one bedroom apartment. Of course when we toured the models, they were impeccable; perfectly painted and taken care of. We were taken back to the office and shown a layout of the entire complex with the open units indicated. We chose the layout we liked and picked between the different location options. We weren't given the option to actually tour the unit we would actually move in to. When we did move a few weeks later, we were quite disappointed. It wasn't explained to us that certain bells and whistles that were in the model weren't in the unit we chose. Built-ins that we thought we standard were only in some units and the appliance weren't the same quality. Awhile into our lease, we got pregnant and asked to transfer our lease into a two bedroom. This time we made sure we got every bell and whistle that we would be paying for even if they weren't included in the unit. The real reason that this is only getting a two star rating is the NOISE and management's total lack of care. Getting a full night's sleep was rare and when we would call and complain, management would claim to 'take care of it' yet the same raging music would continue without pause. Needless to say, as an exhausted, hormonal pregnant lady, I was steaming mad. I went to talk to management face to face and they said simply that there was nothing they could do and that 'kids would be kids.' Turns out that most of the units in our building were being rented by newly HS-graduated kids whose parents had signed the lease. There were sometimes up to 8 people living in a 3 bedroom apartment - something that we were told was prohibited.Once our son was born and he was continually awakened in the middle of the night, we decided to say screw the lease and moved out. The only reason I'm not giving it one star is because the facility itself was really nice and pet-friendly. The pools were well-kept and the fitness center had good-quality equipment and was kept clean. They also had a business center with free internet access for residents that came in handy since I didn't want to pay for DSL or cable at the time. The price was pretty high however. When we did eventually move out, we got a 1900+ square foot house for the price of our two bedroom apartment.
2	Management of this property pick and chose what items of their lease agreement they want to uphold.  If it involves charging tenants more money, they will enforce something; however if it doesn't monitarily benefit them, forget about it.  On the south side of the complex, you have to fight for a covered parking space.  The lease agreement states one COVERED parking space per unit, but is not enforced.  There are multiple violations of dog breed restrictions, satellite dishes hung from areas NOT authorized in the lease agreement, and people storing stuff on their balconies.  Compare the common area outside the models to those of the residents and you'll see a big differece.  The stairwells are dirty and dusty and the bushes/landscaping are .  They claim there are bbq's throughout the grounds, however, there were several times I'd have my meal prepared to grill and could not find a working grill.  The pools were kept fairly clean, but the decking, chairs and tables were rarely, if ever, cleaned.  If you get an apartment by either of the pools, be prepared for alot of noise and late into the night.  The only recourse you will have is the local police department.  The gym is decent and basically well-maintained.  Overall the complex is decent, but definitely overpriced.  You could get so much more in a larger house with a garage for the same price or less.
2	I'm currently living here at the moment and I have to say that the management is very bad. Although they offer all of these amenities for tenants the business center created to assist us in being able to use the internet and have a printer the computers are never working and when you ask what's wrong with them they say oh the storm messed them up but their computers in their offices are just fine. The printer prints very light so you can barely see what you've printed. The maintenance people are weird and obviously stalk clients because I got a dog on a Monday and that Wednesday the office called and said you need to come pay for having a pet when my dog never barked once so I know they didn't find out through a complaint. The apartments are nice at a glance but I can tell there's a lot of stuff covered up with nice paint and ikea like designing materials. Lastly the office is always closed!
5	I lived her and currently still here for 3 years now and must say so far no problems , people pick about the dumbest thing , you do realize that you live in an apartment complex if you want perfect living conditions than get a house , so far yes the printers dont work sometimes but thats cuz some assholes go in and mess around with the equipment break it and make it hard for the next person , office is always open and yes they do have showings and lunch times just like anybody else , the girl are always helpful and nice , and yes the grills break down some times for over use but they get fixed, maintenance is very helpful as well never had problems with them either , with this said , The Paseo is a nice place to live , Thank you ! Thank you Veronica for all you do you the best
2	We have been here for a year and I'll have to agree with the previous reviews. The overall landscaping is nice the pools are usually clean and maintenance people and the Monday bug guy are great! Alex in the office is sincere, helpful and friendly. I don't know what happened to Kathy but this new guy Aaron must be related to Veronica because they are both ass holes! They care more about the new people they are scamming into renting here then the people in line to drop off their rent and pick up packages. They say they'll be right with you yet still allow you to wait for 20-30 minutes. If I were the people checking this place out it would be important to me to know they care about me after I sign the lease too. We are by one of the pools and there are certainly times it's loud. The neighbor above us are always up and always loud!! Your lucky if the grills and the hot tubs are working. We will be moving soon and purchased a house and will be paying less for more than what we have now.  Our apartment was not up to par and barely cleaned before we moved in. Good bye Paseo. We won't miss you!
3	We live here right now. Its a good place to live if you stay in your apartment. With the staff you never know what to expect sometimes they are wonderful and other times they are horrific. The pool is disgusting, they seriously never clean the tile where the water doesn't touch there is a half inch of grime on there been there since I started living there. Also they never clean the workout room today there was live mold growing in one of the cup holders and the whole place just smells. . . It was making me anxious just being in there. It would be a wonderful place to live except for those three things that show they don't have much consideration for their residents comfort
5	This place is nice i been here for 4 years now and the staff is wonderful , the maintenance people are very prompt when needed , the pool/spa area is very nice to relax ,thanks  the girls in the office doing great job and Veronica the manager is awesome
