4	Why is it that every dry cleaner in the Phoenix area charges an arm and a leg to clean your clothes???  I live in Chandler but drive over here to dry clean because the price is right and the quality is pretty good.  No funny smells and quick service are some of the reasons I like this place!  No more $50 dry cleaning bills... thank you!
5	Same day service on a Saturday.  Enough said.
1	Terrible service.  I brought in a suit jacket and pair of pants.  The pants came back more wrinkled than when I brought them in and they ruined my suit jacket.  It looks like they put the suit jacket in the washer and dryer and now it has permanent little wrinkles all over.  Employees didn't try to fix it and said it would have to wait for the owner and they didn't know when he would show up.  After a day of waiting I took everything to a new cleaner to salvage.I would rather pay a little more to make sure my clothes come back in one piece.  Not worth it.
3	Realistically, 2.5 stars...If you just need your standard shirts and slacks (no premium fabrics) cleaned quickly and cheaply, this is your place.  My husband has had several of these types of items cleaned here with no problem.However, if you're looking to get something more delicate cleaned, I wouldn't recommend this place.  I wanted to get a couple of dresses cleaned, but one has a little bit of beadwork and one is strapless and has that rubbery/plastic lining on the inside.  In both cases, the attendant said that I would need to sign off on a no-liability clause in the event that the beads broke off or the rubber/plastic melted.  Ummm... huh?  I've never had to do that to get these particular dresses cleaned at other cleaners.  No thanks!  I'm not taking any chances.  I'll go elsewhere to get them done properly and with no damage.
5	This place is one of a kind.  I make frequent business trips to Gilbert and I actually save my dry cleaning just so I can take it here.  The quality is great, the staff is friendly (especially the owners), the turn around is quick, and the price is unbeatable.  Thank you Meridian!
1	So..I hardly ever write reviews for places (as you can see) and I just felt compelled to after I picked up another round of dry cleaning that was less than great to say the least. I have tried out Meridian a few times since I ive in the area. Like other Yelpers have said...great for men's shirts. My husband's shirts come out fine. Thats because they require no work. I could do it, but why? So now on to my laundry...they can not seem to iron or press my shorts on the crease for the life of them and have now managed to just make my shorts look like crap. On to the button up I took there the other day (I dont really know how this is that different from a mens shirt except it was short sleeve) well where my sleeves roll up it was not pressed and was not rolled up properly....like the person that was taking care of my shirt really had no idea what they were doing. I did just as good of a job in my bathroom the next morning with my flat iron on my shirt. On a seperate previous trip I took in a dress that said "dry clean only" after examining it for what felt like ever (it was not super nice just had some silver designs) they asked if I had it dry cleaned before and I said no, but the tag said "DRY CLEAN ONLY" they then refused to dry clean it because the silver "would come off" - Something I highly doubt as I have put it in the washer since and it has been fine.  These are just a few examples of the crappy results I have had from this place....so needless to say, even though yes, they are close and yes, they are cheap I will NOT be going back. I will be going to the more expensive, further away dry cleaner that seems to know how to do their job properly.
5	You couldn't ask for better cleaning for this price. And it's always back the next day. I haven't had any issues. But I do mainly use them for my shirts and suits. My wife brought in a dress and she had to sign a waiver because of the beading. Even though the tag says dry clean only, they explained to us that that's because the manufacture puts on the beading after they make the dress, so it's applying to the material, not the beading. It is what it is.... I'm thoroughly happy. It's hard to find a good discount cleaners.
5	About eight years ago I decided to try Meridian Cleaners and have gone there every week since.  My guess, that's somewhere over 1500 pants dry cleaned and another 1500 shirts laundered and starched.  In all that time, not a single issue.  (Unless you consider how much money I saved an issue.)  I've never been let down on same day service - in by 10 out by 4 - great for the procrastinator.  My only disappointment is that I'm moving and they don't have a store where I'm going.  I will greatly miss the service I've received from Jerome and Olivia over the years.    I did read over the other reviews and  they appear to be from the few who have come in on a single incident and had that rare issue.  Take it from a long-time customer - OUTSTANDING!
5	I DO NOT understand how anyone could give this place a bad review. It's a drycleaners! No matter where you go you're gonna run into issues. I recommend this place cause they've always been on top of things with me.  They actually ruined an old shirt of  mine, which they explained to me clothes get old and material wears out. It's that simple. So even though it wasn't anything they specifically did, they reimbursed me for the shirt and just warned me for the future that this could happen again with other worn clothing that has just seen better times.  They were nice and on top of the isssue the whole time. They told me it would take the owner about two weeks to get a check to me and it took a lil less than that. Another issue, that i've had with another drycleaners but they weren't so nice, my order came back with one missing. They said they held it for pre-spotting or some crap. I was bummed cause i needed it but said ok. I came in the next day and a different employee was there. He looked for the shirt. Well he said it wasn't there and I was about to get really annoyed but then he said he'd call the "other store."  So he did and they said they sent it. He looked again and found it! Well I could tell he was embarresed and he said it was hooked on another order and so it was hidden and hard to see. My point is is that these people are not perfect but I would recommend them to ANYONE! Especially if you just need shirts and slacks for work cleaned.  They are super cheap and they do a solid job. I see these other negaive reviews and just think these people are either idiots or had a one time experience they can't get over... I've used them for 4 years now and they've been spot on. They re-do things for free all the time whenever you ask. No other drycleaner does that. So yes, I'd recommend them. Don't listen to these idiotic reviews, go in and see for yourself..
2	The prices are good and they do a nice job cleaning but I'm pretty sure that they don't press anything, although I did see a clothes press when I was there.  Maybe it was decoration?  Plus side, they can have your items done the same day if you bring them in early enough.I would go back but with the expectation that I will have to put my iron to use.
1	Loved this place until they hired this new lady. No  personality and quite rude.   I've been going there forever and drive 20 min to use what was great service. Time to find a new cleaner.
2	Been going there for years.  Sadly, after the manager left, this place has gone down hill very rapidly.  It is too bad cause this drycleaner use to operate pretty smoothly.  I can't possibly recommend them to anyone if they can't keep good help around there. So long...
