2	The Cook Out is an interesting beast because no one can seem to figure out where they're based.  I've heard reports that they are out of Greensboro (NC), but they don't seem to have a web site at this writing, and it just doesn't seem to be anything that anyone can verify.Nonetheless, the company is doing something right.  Their down-home style, the original hamburgers "cooked outdoors style", the 36 "creamery" premium milkshakes and the retro styling of the building has kept the double drive-thru near our house hopping since they opened nearly six months ago.My only complaint is that the milkshakes are more like a soft-serve sundae.  Nothing wrong with that, mind you, it just makes it hard to drink through the straw.  The flavor is stll quite good, you understand.  It's just better eaten with a spoon.As to the food, it's good.  I'm not a huge fan of burgers, so it's tough to judge, but I've been happy enough with what I've had to eat, and the family seems to be okay with what they have had as well.  Not earth-shattering, but not bad either.  Probably worth checking out the next time you're driving by one.
3	Cook-Out; the first time I went there I was pleasantly surprised by their hot dog selection, the "Mexican Style dog" is really good, and so is the "Bacon Cheddar dog". Yesterday,  I went there for lunch with my little brother, andI got the 1/4 pound burger "Cook-Out Style", which basically means Carolina style, or for those of you who don't know... that means with chili and coleslaw on top of the cheeseburger.  The burger was OK, personally I think Wendy's "Carolina Classic" is better, but it was still good, a little dry and overcooked for me.  However, the fries were some of the best I've ever had, straight up delicious...crispy, with just enough grease, and the skins still on.  True I could have gotten lucky and received the first order of the batch, but hey, I think their fries are amazing.  The onion rings were so-so, not as good as the fries, and a little too ordinary for my taste, too much batter too.  And then the milk shake...ohhlala, fantastic.  My brother ordered the peanut butter- banana shake, and it was perfection in a cup, I mean they greatly exceeded my expectations with this one. The consistency was just right, thick and creamy, with chunks of banana and clumps of peanut butter, ooh the kind of shake you never want to end.Cook-Out Great Shakes, Amazing Fries, and decently cheap prices.
5	I try to get my friends to mail me the shakes, or at least bring them with them when they fly out to see me. When I was living in Charlotte, there was no way I could drive past Cook Out without stopping. And it's super cheap!!!!
3	what can i say this place has some of the best burger's i have ever tasted.  i love the fries and strawberry shakes.  if ever in Carolina don't leave until you try them.
5	Oh, I am afraid even to write about Cook Out. I gained 20 pounds last year with their crackshakes...I mean milkshakes. My standard is the Oreo cookie shake, but every now and then, I'd mix it up with a cobbler shake or a crazy chocolate cherry kind of thing. You also can't go wrong with the peanut butter fudge option...and add bananas to the peanut butter fudge, and you have something spectacular...Cook Out may not have the greatest service, and other than milkshakes and french fries, there is absolutely nothing for vegetarians...but it matters not. There is no better milkshake in the world...nowhere, ever. I'm not exaggerating.Perhaps it's not quite proper to call them milkshakes, as you can't really suck them through a straw. It's spoon-only.If you haven't had Cook Out yet, you are missing a vital part of Charlotte culture. This little chain is only available in our region...we are truly favored by the gods.
5	Once again, I am dumbfounded that I have just now been to the Cook Out after living in Charlotte for this long.  Oh my God, this is the best milkshake I have ever had!  My loyalty to Mr. K's has flown out the window with my move across the city because these shakes are out of this world.  There are 30-plus flavors to choose from, they are thick and creamy, and yes, they are certainly spoon worthy.  I usually just take the lid off and eat the chilly yumminess off the straw.  To date (and I've been twice this week!) I've tried the carmel fudge...standard and delicious....and the orange push-up.  The OPU is where its at!  If you liked these little tubes of orange sherbert as a kid, this shake will transport you back to being nine years old in an instant.  Classic!  The burgers are also great....they come in four differet sizes and I think there are also four different topping combos (Carolina style, steak style, etc.)  They also have $.99 hushpuppies, chicken nuggets, and sweet tea....rockin'.  Oh and they're open until 4 am, 5 on the weekends.  Word.
4	Before I moved to Cotswald, I lived eerily close to a Cook Out.  I would tell myself I was going repeatedly for the food, but deep down I knew it was a lie.  I was going for the milkshakes and my former size 32 waist could vouch for this realization.The milkshakes are simply devastatingly good.  Do not attempt to suck these bad boys through a straw, you will get lockjaw faster than Paris Hilton on Ritalin.    Use the provided plastic spoon and eat yourself into buying new jeans heaven.
4	Main Meal        +2 sides        +Drink = less than $5need I say more???
5	Was in Charlotte in March and Omg the cook out!!! Why oh why do we have nothing whatsoever like this in Miami??? 4 am - yummy pulled pork, corn dog, hush puppies, cole slaw and the best damn banana shake I've ever had in my entire life for like 6 or 7 bucks. Coming from the land of batidos and where bananas actually grow, I'm tempted to look up franchising information but apparently this little chain does not stray far from it's queen city. Win. All around.
4	Cook Out otherwise known as my fatty food fantasy; simply put this place is amazing. I have to stop here every time I'm in Charlotte. No, it's not healthy, but who cares when you can get a foot long hot dog, hush puppies, chicken nuggets, and an oreo milk shake for under $8!!!Oh and the milk shakes are truly amazing!!
5	This place  can  and  will  hurt you:), Every time  i  go  to  Charlotte  i  make  bee line  right to  Cook Out! and buy  4 BBQ sandwiches, Knowing  that  is  to  much  for   the  avg  bear. Ok  you get the bbq  plate  -  bbq, 2  sides  and  drink for $4.50 WHAT IN  THE  WORLD.  I wish someone  can  send  me  some overnight to  Tracy  Calif.  Going  back in  less  then  20  days.
1	This is the second worse place I've eaten. My son ordered a "cheese dog". Now, when I say "cheese dog" you would think they were talking about a hot dog with cheese. NOT. Their version of a cheese dog is a hot dog bun with American cheese and toppings....NO HOT DOG. I asked them why do you call it a cheese dog...it should be called a cheese bun. Furthermore, it is a drive-thru only (well the location we went to). Day-um.
2	I went there yesterday and ordered a chocolate/cherry shake and a half-pound burger. I gotta say the shake was dynamite, but the burger sent me howling for mama! Never in my life have I had such a dry crumbling burger. It almost, no, it actually did fall apart in my hand,  I'll never order that again, but I do have to say the shakes are worth getting...again and again!
4	Hello Friends,Simply put, you can't go wrong with cook out food. Cook to order, and inexpensive.Never had a milkshake but it's their claim to fame. I won't waste time repeating what's been typed already. I will say this..... Chicken club is my favorite. And this is prime location.TTFN
3	Customer service needs improvement , forgot items on my order. Fortunately manager was apologetic!! Got my items right
4	Is it sad that I'm sitting here to write this review so I can remember how good the peach cobbler shake was from Cook Out?  I should probably get in the car and head on over there again.  Last time I went there, which is 15 minutes out of my way, I had an excuse because I left my NCDL at a golf course.   Now, if I make a Cook Out run, that's just straight being a fattie mcfattie.  Hmm... I'll justify it by writing this review - First thing I love is the double drive-through action that they got going on there.  It's like instant gratification pretty much.  Can't sit patiently behind the old lady ordering her quarter-pound cheeseburger, chili and slaw? I don't blame you, ain't nobody got time for that!  Go ahead and zip over to the right side so you can place your order.  Peach Cobbler shake - Get outta here. It's not a shake.  It's super-thick... (giggity)... The straw has no chance of being a straw.  Hoover vacuums don't stand a chance.  Cook Out employees know - they hand you a spoon and a smile.  Anyways, get the peach cobbler shake. It's cold amazing goodness. It's not tarty, if that's what you're expecting.  It's vanilla base with crumbles of peach cobbler pie that was sitting out on the windowsill and just perfectly cooled down.Yeah, I think I'm gonna to the "driving range"... dmo out.
