3	Pretty good chinese food.  Quick delivery, nice folks - but the language barrier can be an issue on the phone.  HUGE potstickers, really meaty.  Lo Mein is quite good.  The rest of the menu is good, but if you're looking for spicy, this place ain't it.  (Except for the hot & sour soup... that was actually very good and decently spicy.)These folks get my business by being the closest to my home, not because they're the best of the best.  But when I'm jonesing for chinese food, these guys get the job done WAY better than the standard chain around these parts.
4	Way better than local chains. Fresh prepared, efficient though brusk. Best for takeout.Very good prices. I only mark it 4star because it is no way fancy. Delivery only until 4pm.
4	Great food for the price, nothing beats Golden Flower off Russel and Pecos but this place is right at the top. The Lemon Chicken is good and so if the BBQ pork fried rice. Friendly staff and you can see them cooking the food from the counter which is cool. This place is worth going to again.
3	I've been looking for decent Chinese food near me and am glad I found this place. It's good food, certainly better than Panda X. I had chicken and snow peas. Would have liked it a little more bold in flavor but overall good. The small portion is more than enough also. I'm going to be sure to have it to go in the future since its not much of place to sit and eat.I'm editing my review from a couple of years ago--the food is still OK, although today's KungPao shrimp was REALLY spicy, a little too much. I read somewhere about the order takers--as being less than friendly, and that still applies. The middle aged Asian lady today was just one step away from being surly and the younger lady who is here sometimes isn't much better,.
4	Walking out of Albertsons at 6PM after scouring the isles for those few odds and ends needed for that awesome meal that i am planning on making and...well...We noticed the glowing lights of China Joy, we both did not want to sit in an establishment tonight so we grabbed a menu and noticed that they deliver. We rolled into the driveway and decided to take advantage of the delivery option. I am all about the sesame chicken and the wife wanted to be hooked up with the honey walnut shrimp. They give you a large white rice with every entree which is a ton of rice. The sesame chicken and the honey walnut shrimp have been moved into our top 2 for delivery or take out Chinese food.  I would have given the fifth star but i have not tried anything else there....Yet.
2	After seeing the earlier reviews, we ordered from China Joy this evening.  I was hoping to find something similar to Golden Phoenix in NLV, as we really liked them but moved to the south side last fall. I'm thinking that we either ordered at the wrong time of day/night, or everyone else who reviewed them is insane...The potstickers were drier than my backyard in August, and not helped by the bland dipping sauce.The orange chicken was flavorless, not even remotely spicy, and we found a neck bone in it, of all things!The sesame chicken tasted "weird", per my preteen son... Not sure what that means, but it's not favorable.The sweet & sour chicken was passable, though the sauce was quite thin.  Didn't really matter to a three yr old, so it was fine.The curry chicken was interesting, and not too bad.  Since I have been looking for a good curry place, as well, I think I'll probably order it again to make sure.Overall, not a great dinner.As my husband says, I guess we'll be ordering from the place that takes forever to deliver, because at least we know the food's okay.*sigh*
2	My family and I stayed in Vegas one night and wanted some Chinese, so our condo manager recommended China Joy.  We should have taken one look at the place and run away, but alas, we were blinded by hunger. Upon opening our take-out box containing the egg foo yung, my mom remarked:  "well.... that looks..... authentic?"  My grandma thought the foo yung looked like a huge fuzzy tarantula, and that's not far off.  The taste was okay, if you could get past the huge parts that were blackened and the other parts that were basically pure solidified grease. The pad Thai was the best thing we tried, and it didn't taste like "real" pad Thai at all.  Very tomato-ey, kind of spicy, but decent enough.  The fried rice was too sweet and the lo mein was pretty forgettable.  Basically if you need your monthly serving of grease and oil, you should consider China Joy.  Otherwise, save yourself a cardiac arrest and go somewhere less ...Joy-like..
1	All i can say is YUCK.  Worst Chinese food I have had in Las Vegas.  Stupid rating system wouldn't let me give it NO STARS.When we moved to Silverado Ranch, we were looking for a neighborhood place for easy weekday take out for those days when no one is in the mood to cook...  This was definitely NOT the place.Even though I am Asian, I am not going to purport to be any sort of Chinese food snob--  but this place fell far short of even the Americanized take out chains like Panda Express, which I would eat any day of the week rather than have to eat take out from here again...Everything we ordered ranged from fantastically unremarkable to barely edible.  Even the fried rice was greasy and bland...  I mean, how do you mess up fried rice?!Definitely on the NOT RECOMMENDED list.
3	Better then Panda express...thats all I can say.
2	I've had dinner here two times and both times the staff was angry and the food was mediocre at best.  Not sure why I would ever come back here.  Would rather go to Panda across the street for some 2000 calorie items than go here.  Why is good chinese hard to find in Vegas?!?
3	Very average chinese food. tastes the same as any other cookie cutter chinese food place.Plenty of food for the money but plenty of boring food is still just boring foo.
1	Having been born in San Francisco and being a resident of Los Angeles, I've been a chinese food addict from the start of my life. That having been said I'd like to award China Joy my very precious WORST OF: Chinese Food award. We had a party of 6 who ordered the orange chicken, kung pao beef and egg foo young. 3 of us ended up vomiting up the contents of our stomachs within 15 minutes while driving down the 159.What went wrong?The kung pao was breaded with a coating of what felt like that green slime the nickelodeon channel used to dump on people, the pot stickers were filled with chicken jerky and the egg foo young was stretchy. Needless to say we tried a few bites and then tossed the rest while attempting to eat the sides of rice or soup. Even the hot and sour soup looked like something I'd blow out of my nose during a run in with influenza.--- The Bottom Line: Bland, over starched and completely stale nightmares are served here on a daily basis. The only time I'd visit China Joy again is if I ate something poisonous and needed to get it out of my stomach.
1	Just plain nasty.... Foods cold always.... Restaurant is Dirty (How are you in Business) Employees really now your rude as f***! Change is indeed needed!
1	Just thinking back on this food makes me want to vomit! The various meat was indistinguishable..is it chicken? is it pork? who cares, it's a surprise! A surprise to your stomach that will promptly try to cleanse itself from this garbage by making you vomit for 24 hours. The food here makes Panda Express seem like a Michelin 5 star restaurant.
1	I never leave reviews but this food was so terrible I threw all $40 worth in the garbage. In 32 years its by far the worst food I have ever tried.
1	I've eaten at a few Chinese restaurants around the Vegas area and this one by far was probably one of the worst ones I had ever been to. I usually read yelp reviews but didn't do so for this location. Big mistake. It was around lunch time and I should have taken the hint that not a single person entered the establishment the entire 35 minutes I was there. I ordered the lunch special with orange chicken, chow mein and fried rice. The orange chicken was very oily and fatty and didn't really taste like the regular orange chicken I am used to having at places like panda express or other chinese restaurants. This orange chicken to be honest was simply, gross. Do yourself a favor and skip this location.
1	I should have read reviews before I went here but I wanted something that was cheaper than Yummy Grill & Sushi...but I guess I should have just went there, I'm Vietnamese and of course I've had a lot of Chinese food in my time and this is one of the WORST Chinese places I've ever been to, I mean HOW can you do Chinese food wrong? Even the dirtiest of the dirtiest places in NYC are 100x better than this place, the Lo Mein noodles were disgusting...the only thing I liked was that I could order online but even when I get there, they had to question my order because I guess their website is flawed...oh well!
4	I love this place! have been going here for about 4 years! Their Cashew Chicken is amazing! They are quick and the prices are good!!!!
1	Unfortunately, I don't have a smartphone yet.  If I did, I would have skipped this place and I hope you, dear reader, do too!  I was heading home and wanted McDonalds when I saw this place.  I figured "why not?" and went in.  The menu on the board in front of the register is not the same as the carryout menu (the carryout menu lists more options).I ordered cream cheese wontons, sesame chicken, and chicken chow mein, adding up to $22.00, which I think is ridiculous considering the quality of the food!  Of course you can't really screw up cream cheese wontons, so let's leave them out of this...The sesame chicken almost tastes like corndogs and I mean that in the weirdest way possible.  It's something like 90% breading and 10% chicken.  Speaking of chicken, (which I happen to remember ordering because I never order beef or pork) I'm not sure where it was in either of my entrees.  The meat-like-substance was weirdly chewy, discolored (not undercooked), and straight up weird.  Hey and I guess if you're really hurting at home one night for some Chinese food, you could just throw together spaghetti and soy sauce and call it "chow mein."  Why not?  It's what they did!If you're reading in disbelief that they *actually* used spaghetti, please believe me when I tell you that it is 100% spaghetti... And not even whole grain!!! Obviously, I won't be returning!
5	Eating there for years, consistently good food never had any problems with quality of meat, decent prices and i want good tasting chinese american food i go there.
1	Do not eat here. Although they were very nice on the phone and the food arrived quickly, the quality was VERY bad.
1	Went there for years and loved it. Went there tonight and  while the website is the same, there is a sign on the door under new management with a new name of AAA. This was the first time I had General Tso's chicken with chunks of pineapple and onions in it. Not sure what it was but it was definately not General Tso's. Also they no longer give white rice with entrees if you get a family combo. Pretty cheap if you ask me and it was enough to piss me off never to go back again. I called them and told them they forgot our white rice, they told me they no longer offer it. How can you be using the same web site as the old restaurant but not honor what is on it? Menu clearly says white rice and fried included. Also, cream cheese wonton'sare much smaller and tasted stale. Huge dissapointment and we won't be returning. Very sad as we loved the old China Joy.
4	I have to say, I'm a bit surprised by the low rating I saw. My fiance and I stopped by this place late one night.  We always saw it as we would walk to and from the Albertson's from our house and we wanted to eat some Chinese food.  Small place. The huge menu posted on the front of the establishment is nice.  Our first time walking to this place, we took our puppy so she could get some exercise, so the menu out in front was a good perk.  Their portions size was very generous. My fiance got the tofu with eggplant in garlic sauce.  Delicious! A bit spicy but not overwhelming.  I got the sweet and sour shrimp.  Again, portion was great.  I loved that they put the sweet and sour sauce on the side. I tend to eat in small portions, but all the time, which, if the sauce was already mixed in, the shrimp would have been super soggy.  This allows me to put how much sauce I want in and keep my food longer without worry of the soggy factor.  Another plus was that they have Honey Walnut Shrimp.  Yes, you can get this at many Chinese food establishments, but seeing as how I hate driving in Las Vegas and this dish tends to be pricey, I'm glad to find a place close-by that sells it for a decent price (less than $15).  Planning on coming back!
4	Great food. Decent service. Prices are comparable to others. I have never eaten in but the dining room is clean and well kept. The house rice and house chow mein are amazing. My last order was house fried rice, house chicken chow mein, sweet and sour chicken and and order of fried wontons. Total price was about $30. Food is always fresh and hot. One of my favorite Chinese restaurants in town.
5	I have no problems with then n I went here for many years.  Always nice, fast delivery... And good food
1	I wish I checked yelp before coming here.
