4	A great local hangout.. Not real keen on the fact that it's IN a casino (Green Valley Ranch), but a real wooden Irish pub nonetheless. Pub Quiz night is Tuesday nights at 8:00 PM which is pretty fun. The "potato wedges and cheese dip" is really freaking good if you don't mind the calories.
5	I make jokes about the UK being the home of bland, boiled food.  I use those jokes to explain the reason why I can't handle spicy food - I'm just not bred for it.  I was made for boiled cabbage and boiled meat and boiled...everything.Then I went to Fado, and I had a few delicious items that weren't boiled yet were delicious.  I can't attest to the authenticity of the fare, but when my taste buds are Michael Flatley-ing all over my tongue, I couldn't really care less about authenticity.Things that are awesome:* Their fish and chips are great, second only to the Crown and Anchor.  It's also what half of everyone in the restaurant has, and I hope it's not because they're afraid of black pudding.* The All Day Irish Breakfast.  Eggs, Irish sausages, rashers, black & white pudding, baked beans and tomatoes.  This thing is HUGE, and it's delicious.* Blackened Chicken and Shrimp Boxty.  This is by far my favorite.  A generous portion of blackened chicken and shrimp with tomatoes and mushrooms in a creamy white cheese sauce, all wrapped up in a potato boxty (a thin, crepe-like pastry with a wonderful texture).* Black and Tan Brownie with Guinness Ice Cream.  Yeah, it's a variation of the same chocolate brownie/cake with ice cream and fudge that every restaurant has which is always called the Vesuvius or the Chocolate Thunder Mountain or another such mountainous moniker.  But this is a BLACK AND TAN brownie with GUINNESS ice cream and, let me tell you, you can tell.  It's so stinkin' tasty.They have trivia some nights and entertainment others (check the site).  I think they deserve some serious kudos for being a chain but never feeling like one.  I didn't know Fado was a chain until I went to write this review.  Good show, lads.
3	If this place were a bar by itself on a street somewhere, I'd probably be considering it for 4 stars.  Unfortunately, like many things in Las Vegas, it is tucked away in the corner of an obscenely large casino.  The casino in question is WAY off the strip.  The pub is up on the second or third floor and way off in the corner.    Our search for this place felt like an episode of  Lord of the Rings:  Following signs, backtracking, splitting up and meeting again, etc.  We had a great advantage over the hobbits in that we had our cell phones to keep in touch.  Furthermore, we could stop and rest along the way with booze, food, and of course craps.  Those poor little hobbits...Our 8 person party was escorted to a table through a labyrinth of small rooms/anterooms and seated for dinner.  We drank like fish, ate lots of fish and chips, and enjoyed the band.  It was for the most part a great bar band, the kind you often see in Vegas if you're just walking around.  It was a little jarring to have to leave the nice dark wood and dim lighting of the pub to go out into the casino and find the restroom, but we all survived.  Unless you're already out in Green Valley for some reason, I can't imagine any great reason to hit this place.  However if you are already in the building, it's a decent place to drink.  They also show lots of Rugby, Premier League, and other European/International sporting events at the usual early morning time if you're so inclined.
5	Amazing food and drinks, as well as amazing service. I just started coming here a week ago, and have returned 3 times in the last week. I can't think of anything negative to say about this place since it moved from Green Valley Ranch, other than that the bar itself doesn't have enough seating. The staff here are amazing people. Already they know who I am, and what I drink. Everything is taken care of. There's no gambling in here (a HUGE plus in my opinion...) and the smoking is outside the bar, which is even better. Will definitely keep coming back here. I'd like to give special thanks to Daniella, Nelson, Brendan (sp?), Rich, Aaron and Vanessa. You guys have made it a wonderful experience each and every time that I've gone in there. Would definitely recommend to anyone who wants a good pub experience, without the pain in the ass of video poker and slots around as well.
4	With an invitation from Daniella S. to check out Fado's for an UYE, how could I not resist?  The original Fado's has moved from Green Valley Ranch and opened up shop on the busy streets of Eastern Avenue.  It ended up being quite an intimate event with Tiger W. and Sean S.  Our hostess for the evening brought over a round of drinks on the house including some appetizers to try.  * Dublin's Sampler Platter "This favorite combines full orders of our Cheese Dip, Chicken Tenders and Chicken Boxty Quesadillas." $19.95 * Cheese Dip and Wedges "A creamy blend of three cheeses served with boxty wedges for dipping." $6.95 - What makes this appetizer unique is their wedges.  Tasty things and who doesn't love cheese for dipping?* Chicken Tenders "Chicken tenders in crisp tempura with a side of our own honey mustard." $7.95 - It really is the tempura batter that makes these tenders pretty delicious!  The Big F really enjoyed these treats!* Chicken Boxty Quesadillas "Our signature boxty potato pancake is richly layered with grilled chicken, melted pepper jack cheese and drizzled with a red chili aioli.  Tomato pico and sour cream on the side." $9.95 - Quesadillas that are yummy with the potato pancake mix.  Good stuff.And if you don't know what a boxty is, "Associated with rural sections of Ireland, the traditional Boxty is a gently seasoned potato pancake filled with special ingredients and cooked on a griddle."With it being a Thursday, it's Trivia Night!  This turned out to be quite a fun event, despite us having to bail early.  Gift certificate prizes are up for grabs and you can work in teams.  Although the games reminded me of weakness with trivia, I had a pretty good time with good company in hand.Additional appetizers we got to try included:* Corned Beef Rolls "Tender corned beef and creamy mustard sauce tightly rolled inside a traditional boxty topped with a cabbage salad." $6.75 - Corned beef and cabbage put together into the perfect bite size portions.  They do this really well!* Smoked Salmon Bites "Traditional cold-smoked, oak salmon on crisp boxty "blini" with capers, onions and a light horseradish sauce." $8.95 - Another bite-size treat that is pretty good stuff.Overall, Fado's is a pretty big pub with an upstairs area too.  A relaxed atmosphere with an interesting mix of people.  My only complaint was that a waitress forgot to bring a menu at one point, and then forgot a drink later on.  No big deal really since there's a bunch of people there.  The food is quite a standout from what I'd expect or had from a pub.  A few large TVs around minus the token video slot machines.  Too bad it's so far from where I live!They also have happy hour too!
3	Add a half star to my rating--It's not bad.  The decor was very Irish-pub, but it's too new to feel truly authentic.  It's not something that the management can change unless they want to close the place down, have a smoky peat bonfire inside for about a month, then bring in every chain smoker in Las Vegas for an additional month, send the help around to ding edges and rub things with century-old grime and generally batter the place up.  Yeah, I know, not all pubs are battered, but there is a distinct feel of age and wear in even the cleanest of them.  The service was okay--the waitress had a few too many tables to handle well, and that's not her fault.  The food was decent as well--I had bangers and mash.  Unfortunately, it wasn't as authentic as I would have liked.  The bangers were dead on--with thin, crisp skins and nice fatty pork inside.  The mash was made from real potatoes, not instant potatoes, but the cabbage was some bright green stuff (or was that parsley?).  The gravy had a very red-wine flavor--lovely, but not traditional.  And the peas?  The frozen green things, not proper marrowfat peas.  It was the sort of interpretation that will and should appeal to Americans who haven't gone to English schools in the UK.  My complaint is simply that  I wanted Bisto gravy, marrowfat peas and overcooked green cabbage instead of a more upscale treatment.
3	Went with 2 of my friends on a Tues night and service was pretty slow. I ordered the steak salad (which was listed as a special) but the steak was COLD and the salad was tiny. One of my friend's ordered the burger which he said was good but nothing special. Not sure what they're really "known" for, but it def wasn't what we ordered!
2	I was disappointed in my experience at Fado Irish Pub.  My friends have really enjoyed Fado for lunch in the past and so I thought I would give it a try for St. Paddy's.  Probably a mistake going to a very busy Irish pub on St. Patrick's Day but I thought it would be fun to check out the live music under the tent and reasonably priced Killian's Irish Red.  It wasn't the immense crowd that make me unhappy, but the fact that on a day when Fado knows they are going to be turning a huge profit, they still charged a $15 cover charge just to get in and wait in line for 20 minutes for a cup of beer.  In principle I usually refuse to pay a cover charge but my friends and I had already made plans to meet another friend there and so we felt obligated to stay.  Plus, the doorman said that I would be receiving a $10 gift card for entering, really only making my cover charge $5.  Too bad he didn't mention that you had to spend $20 on items other than alcohol in order to get the $10 discount.  That's not called a gift certificate, that is a coupon.  By the time my other friend arrived only 30 minutes after I did, the line was so long (around the block!) that she would have to wait at least an hour to enter, so all of us ended up leaving and going to another restaurant/bar.  $15 per head cover when you already know you are going to turn a huge profit is just greedy.  On a positive note, there was no line for the ladies room inside of the bar due to the crowd control at the door. Perhaps contributing to my negative attitude is the fact that I am possibly just getting too old for this kind of experience, with the meat-market atmosphere and drunk idiots everywhere.  If you are young and looking to hook up, this might be just the place!  Next St. Patrick's I will probably go somewhere more low-key where there is no cover charge.
1	we went here twice and on both occasions we left because the service was so bad. The first time the pregnant waitress told my boyfriend she wouldn't get him beer because he had been drinking already, ummmm isn't this an IRISH PUB? I was driving i hadn't had a thing to drink and in his defense he hadn't given her a reason to deny him a drink. The second time was this past St. Patty's day, the radio station was there and it cost us $30 cover to get in, w/o any drinks btw then we get up to the bar and its slam packed every one around us is getting served except my Bf and I. we waited for 45 minutes watched all these people who walked up after us get served and us not. The bartender was Liam i still remember his name, he made eye contact with me and completely ignored me??? I was so upset we just left and said never again...
3	Fado seems to be the default hangout for my friends and I.  Basically, if we can't think of anywhere else to go, and we don't want to think too hard about it, we go to Fado.  It's close and it's not too pricey.The beer selection is not fantastic, as far as I'm concerned.   I end up drinking cider half the time, which is a far cry from the usual ambers I tend to enjoy.  The do have Smithwicks, which is a decent amber, but not much else I'm excited about.  Of course, they've got the British/Irish kinds of beers, but not as many as I'd like to see.Their happy hour appetizers are very good, and fairly cheap.  The crab and cheese dip is tasty, as are the beef curry bites and the guinness mac and cheese (all are 3-5 bucks).  Oh, yeah, FYI, there is absolutely nothing healthy at all on the entire menu, so...be aware if you're into that kind of thing.  Tasty, but not healthy.The ambiance here is nice, and it's what keeps me coming back.  The bartenders and servers are very friendly, and there's a laid back vibe about the place.   Basically, it's as close to a decent neighborhood Irish pub I'm going to get in Henderson.
2	The last couple times Sean and I have popped around here, we've been very sorely disappointed. Gone is our cute little watering hole pub that we used to frequently hang out in, and instead we find that the place has become very fiscally greedy and capitalistic. I'm just not willing to pay cover for an off-the-strip pub. I loved me some Fado's but sadly, it's no longer the place I had grown to love. Oh well. Luckily I live right near a Lee's Discount Liquor, and have an extremely nice view from my balcony. Getting plastered at home is much more fun anyway.
3	Great pub to drink at. Good happy hour app specials. Don't pass up the Guinness wings but don't expect the same food quality in all the items from the past. Fado's has had better days.
3	I will say that this location is MUCH better than the location in downtown Denver.  Nothing spectacular but they do pub quiz on Tuesday nights and the service is great.  I am just not a fan of their menu.  I scoured the menu for something healthy but I found only a few things, none of which sounded appetizing at the time.
4	I'll be completely honest here-- I go for the hot whiskey.  I'm a girl that loves her hot beverages, and the one here is not bad at all.  In fact, it's down right tasty on a cool night.Last time I ordered food here, I got the boxty stuffed with corned beef and cabbage.  It was okay.  Something that I would go back for?  Probably not.  Something that was horrid? Definitely not.  It was just okay.  The black and tan dessert was pretty good.  I definitely loved the Guinness ice cream more than the brownie.  The Irish coffee was one of the better ones that I've had.  The server was polite on the dead night I went on... but he's actually extremely chatty if you get him talking or if thinks he's seen you before.  On a trivia/karaoke night, I could not find the waitress to save my life.  I ended up ordering my drinks at the bar and walking back to my table, which she did notice and immediately apologize.  It was busy, and I know I'm at a pub; so it was not a big deal to me.What this place is great for is the pub atmosphere, grabbing a beer with friends, watching some soccer, maybe a couple of rounds of 2 for 1 Irish car bombs on karaoke night after a round of pub trivia, and watching the countdown clock for St. Patty's Day-- the one night of the year we are all Irish or at least that's what The Boondock Saints taught me.
3	Cesar salad not good. It's stale lettuce and a bit bitter. Fish and chips is a good choice. The fish is large and so are those potato wedges. Decor is pretty classic, but I think it's a bit too dim.
4	Wed Night Pub Quiz!!  so much fun and the food is very good too.
5	So here is the deal. I am not giving five stars because I had the best meal I ever have, in fact the kitchen was closed.. I had one guiness, which I may add was a great pour. Anyways a group of fellow yelpers who I had never met before all met at this location to have a drink and bid fado goodbye since it closed tonight at 12 for the last time. The stars are being given for the experience.. It's not every trip to an irish pub that you hear stories about crossiant wrapped wheaties just prior to packing a "SATCHEL" with bar glasses, this was a prime example of the good times that can be had here in town, there are some great things to come with this group of yelpers.
4	I was sad to hear this bar closed as they had great St. Patty's day parties.
