4	Open til 11 pm on this happening part of Ste. Catherine Street, the trilingual (Chinese/French/English) menu has all the standards.  Many lunch specials for around $6 (tax included).The fried tofu with oyster sauce was the highlight, but the other two dishes (chicken with ginger & shallots) and the Cantonese chow mein were great too.
5	This is where all is going well. The price are excellent the food tremendous.  the staff is nice and it is one of the rare place you can be served in french.  The chicken and seafood hotpot is a must.  The variety of plates is endless
5	Great Food, Great Selection, Great Prices ! Try the BBQ Duck !
2	meeehhhhhh!!!!!!! Very average at best, much betta options out there.
5	BBQ Duck and Sesame Beef are to die for ! Very reasonable! Great Value!
4	I came here with a Chinese friend who eats here all the time.  We were a large group which was great as it allowed us to try a lot of different dishes.  My friend ordered and chose a really good variety of dishes: oyster mushrooms with some kind of greens (I didn't try this), eggplant with tofu, fried halibut, chicken and ginger, lamb with cumin and some kind of green pod thing and baby bok choy.  I really liked the eggplant-tofu dish; the tofu was very silky and the eggplant soft-textured and deliciously garlicky.  I loved the lamb; it was a unique preparation that reall worked.  The fried halibut was really good; the sauce had a carmelized flavor that wasn't sweet and very good.  The bok choy was excellent, very tender but still crunchy.The best part was the price: roughly $18/person including tax and tip.
3	Before I go into the review, some tips at eating at a Chinese restaurant, hopefully will add more to your dining experience.  Trust me, I have been a Chinese for over 32 years, I know a bit about eating at Chinese restaurants.1)  If you seek authentic Chinese food, it's a good sign when you see lots of Chinese people eating there.2)  Most authentice Chinese restaurants have two menus, one is filled with westernized Chinese food (think orange chicken, egg foo young), the other contains "real" authentic Chinese dishes.  In some restaurants they will hand you one menu as opposed to the other, depending on if you are Chinese or non-Chinese.  In some places they will hand you both, which is what they do here (or was it because we had a "mixed" party, with myself and two non-Chinese people, hmmm...)  At this place, the booklet menu is the western one, the oversized one-page menu is the Chinese one, and contains more adventurous dishes like steamed whole fish, so choose accordingly.3)  Family style dining is what Chinese people typically do.  That means we order for everyone and we share all the dishes, instead of each person having their own plate of food.  Try it, it's fun.Now, for the review.  This is an acceptable Chinese restaurant, which by my high standards means it's decent, especially considering that there's not as big of a Chinese population in Montreal, at least compared to other Canadian cities like Toronto, Vancouver, or San Francisco in the U.S., where I live.  I was really keeping my expectations low, because it's also in a very touristy part of town.  That said, I was just relieved that the dishes were not overly oily and sugary, which tends to be the case in many restaurants that cater to western taste.  They have a decent selection of authentic Chinese/Cantonese dishes, including steamed whole fish, boiled chicken, stir-fried lobster in a ginger scallion sauce, etc.  I also had a bowl of shrimp wonton noodle soup here another day, which has wontons stuffed with fresh shrimps and ground pork, along with nice and firm egg noodles.Again, not great by my high standard, but OK enough that I would eat here whenever I'm in the area, which is saying a lot.P.S.  Fortunes from the cookies are funnier if you add "in bed" at the end.
4	In all honesty, it's been quite a few years since I've had Chinese food. Mostly I got tired of eating out at the greasy dives back home. We were wandering around the neighborhood and figured what the hell, we're on vacation and the reviews on Yelp were encouraging.It was crazy busy on a Friday night, but we only had a quick 10 minute wait for a table. Just be ready to share a table if there aren't many open spots. The staff was friendly and attentive and took time to answer our questions despite how busy they were. The hot and sour soup was amazing. We had some peppered beef and chicken with broccoli, pretty simple dishes but both were flavorful and very good. I walked out of there feeling full and satisfied and not like I just ate a big greasy meal. Which for me, is a sign of good cooking. Like Jackson Z. mentioned below, we were handed two menus one with more familiar dishes and the other with chef's specials.Great spot with reasonable prices and hospitable staff. Recommended if you're in the area and craving some good Chinese grub.
4	Fantastic food, very reasonable prices, slightly spotty service.I have nothing but good things to say about the food. From the hot and sour soup to the chicken with ginger, it was all delicious. The portions were huge, and the food was of the highest quality.This would've easily been five stars except for the service. Despite not being very busy, I was seated at one end of a six-person table that had a couple (apparently on a first date) sitting on the other side. Awkward. When I went to pay my check ($15), the owner refused to accept my debit card, despite a sign that stated "credit card minimum: $30, debit card minimum: $5". He insisted that my debit card was a credit card because of the Visa logo and would not be swayed, not even by me pointing out the word "DEBIT" printed on the card. When I paid with $20 cash, he would not give me $1 bills so that I could leave a proper tip. Quirky service happens. The food is too good to not go back. Next time I'll bring small bills.
3	Pretty good chinese food but unfortunately for them there is a better alternative right next door in Kanbai. PM's food pales in comparison and often feels too "fried", fatty and bland in taste. Initially PM was one of our favorite spots but it seems like the competition in the city has increased tremendously as more and more south-east Asian and Chinese students are coming here to study.
4	Above average Chinese fare.  Bonus was $35 (didn't order drinks, though) for 5 people.  Amazing value for money especially in d/t MTL.
4	We were the only non-Asians during dinner time and the staff spoke little English or French - it's that authentic! We ordered the Chicken Hot Pot, Beef ChowMein & Dumplings for about $24 total. Superb food & amazing value!
4	Did I ever tell you how I feel about Chinese food?  Let me be frank (I feel like we're there) it is never my first choice.  In fact, I almost never sugget it.  My budgie Cracker hates it...so does my dad.Anyway, after a long day of biking and walking around, my sister and I headed over to Kazu for dinner.  We got there at 9:31pm.  It closed at 9:30pm.  Sad...so sad. (N.B. It may been 9:01 and 9:00...but you get it.)I was hungry.  My sister was hungry.  We no longer cared what we ate.My sister suggested P.M.  She said it's the only Chinese restaurant in downtown Montreal that she and her friends will eat it.  When it comes to ambience and environment, a Chinese restaurant is like the average girl.  You do one, you've done them all.  Sorry, was that too brazen? P.M. is no different.  It had the usual white table cloth and that subtle clean but unclean feeling.  Nothing some tea can't fix.  Service was just as quick-quick, but friendly.  I ordered up my favourite dish: "gong chow how woah wow" (my Chinese friends are REELING right now...I totally butchered their language, meh).  The waiter knew what I was saying - beef fried rice noodles, and eggplant and tofu.The food was good, a little better than average.  I didn't take photos because when my sister asked if I was going to post about P.M. I said "no...it's Chinese".  But then...random friend of a friend asked me if there were good Chinese restaurants in Montreal.  Ding, ding, ding.  I always forget that there are people out there who love them some Chinese. For me, the best thing about Chinese restaurants is that you tip small, leave full, and your wallet's still heavy.
4	So I thought this was a another french bistro on Mont-Royal, but it's a bona fide through-and-through Shanghainese restaurant that runs with the best of them. You walk into the usual predictable "decor," and I use that term loosely. Tables, chairs, white walls, a photo or two of the motherland, a few tchotchkes on or around the cash register. The food, though, is incredible for two things: One, you order and it nearly instantaneously comes out of the kitchen piping hot. My first reaction was that I was just screwed into eating a reheated pile of leftovers sitting around, but it was, in fact, totally whipped up on the spot. Two, the food is bloody good. Beijing duck, hot chicken pot or whatever it's called, sesame beef, spicy eggplant, it was all excellent and totally delicious. And cheap too - four people, $62 tax in. Not bad at all - when's the last time you ate well for under a twenty in this inflation-riddled city?The discerning Chinese guy in our group of friends gave it a big thumbs up. If that's not an endorsement, then I don't know what the hell is. Enjoy! Well worth the trip!
4	I just love the Chinese food of Montreal. And now I know why. It seems that the northern regions are inhabited by, you got, it Northern Chinese. Hunan and Scheuan dishes abound and it's not the kind we have back home in the South.    Today I had the hot and sour soup though thick with ingredients was surprisingly not that hot or sour. The cumin beef however was wonderful. Salty yes, as some have commented but when you enjoy it with the plain white rice and shredded iceberg, it's perfect!   Love to go back with a crowd and try more items on the menu. I would shoot for the specialties and anything with a chili next to it.
3	Ownership/management changed a while back.  Food not as good as it once was.The wait staff are pretty good, and as others say - service is very FAST! Nothing to go out of your way for, but one of the better Chinese options in the area.Some dishes are far too oily (and I hate to think what type of oil they use).  Would be great if they would address this issue.
3	I kind of stumbled over this place while walking on ste catherine. I tried the salted crispy tofu & calamari as well as dumplings in peanut butter sauce. They were all ok but nothing out of this world. It's an ok place to dine if you are feeling like eating chiniese food but if you are looking for the real deal in authentic chinese cuisine, you probably will need to look elsewhere.
4	PROS:1. The food is authentic Chinese and realllyyy delicious. I ALWAYS get the eggplant & tofu dish (best!!!), 2. Service is quick and food comes out in a blink! 3. Personally I'm not Chinese and usually prefer to avoid Chinese restaurants because I am not a fan of generic general tao and fried balls but PM's food offers AUTHENTIC cuisine which I think also caters for everyone's taste buds. 4. Complimentary dessert of either: taro & tapioca or sweet red bean soupCONS:1. The food is verryyy oily... but I suppose that's where the flavor and texture comes from? 2. I would give PM 5 stars if the decor was nicer and the service was a taaad friendlier.OVERALL:-PM's a good place for quick, casual eats with friends & fam.-Get the Eggplant Tofu dish. You will not regret it!-This is my Go-To place for Chinese food.
3	Your average Chinese restaurant. The waiters are friendly and the service was great.The food was alright, and the portions were fair. The dishes came out of the kitchen really fast, so this is a perfect place to go out for lunch.
3	For a fast meal, quality/price is pretty decent.
3	This place is very fast!!!Order and five minutes later you get your first dish!! My friend recommended the japanese tofu and eggplant dish, which I ordered. I liked it but it wasn't the best, the tofu is silky and all but I could use more sauce.One dish we ordered that was superb was the steamed chicken with ginger sauce, the chicken was fresh and moist, cooked just right, yum it was so good. There was three of us and it was under 15$  per person, what a deal.The hot and sour soup was a bit runny but it tasted right. The chow mein is is not so crispy but the sauce is perfect. Aside from the chicken, everything else seems a bit off, but the price and service more than makes up for it.The staff is super friendly and efficient. Love this place and will be back often :)
5	When I'm in the mood for Chinese food, I always choose this over the Japanese/Chinese/sushi restaurant a few doors down. The prices are a bit better, service is a lot better, and the food is delicious.
5	After reading some good reviews, we decided to give it a try.I had the Singaporean rice noodles with chicken and shrimp, extra spicy. The portion could easily fit 2 or even 3 people for a very fair $10 including tax. It tasted quite good.Service was excellent which is extremely important in my book, will definitely come back!
5	The food quality is excellent and authentic.  The portions are pretty big.  I really like the hot and sour and corn (egg drop) soup.  It's very tasty.  My fiance likes the corn soup there.  We normally order the spicy calamari and eggplant tofu for us two.  I made reservations for my family of 11 people and they gave good ambiance and fast customer service.  My family like the food and service so much we came back again 2 days after.  We order a lot of different dishes and they were amazing.  First dish finished was the Chinese broccoli and mushrooms.  Favorite dish was the beef stew and orange chicken.  They kids ate the chicken fried rice with no soy sauce.  All 9 dishes was finished!  The price is reasonable and fairly inexpensive.  We loved it.
4	Good overall Chinese restaurant. It's the kind of place that you look for in every new city that has the good Chinese food. The lady on the phone who answers take-out orders is extremely friendly and helpful, and she'll give you suggestions in a very cheery manner. Take-outs are fast and very convenient!
5	This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in Montreal. My bf and I always go there when we find ourselves downtown together. Our favorite dish, no competition, is the General Tao Eggplant. Sometime general tao is hit and miss, with some restaurants creating sauces that are all sugar and almost translucent. But this place makes the best sauce I've had in mtl. also, I often see g.t. Chicken or tofu, but this version, with big pieces of deep fried eggplant, is a different take on the dish that I really appreciate. The eggplant is always cooked perfectly so that it just melts as you chew. Besides this one dish that I am obviously crazy about, everything else on the menu that I have tried has been good. The portions are generous for the price and the service is fast and friendly. The restaurant isn't very interesting decor-wise, but it's clean and not overpacked.
2	First time I went to this place I was so happy with the BBQ dock which was so tasty and crispy so I decided to invite some friends the week after. But second time, I had a bad experience. The food was good which was sweet and sour chicken while the service was AWFUL!! The waitress was so unfriendly and even she collected the dishes while I wan not done with my food and not apologizing at all!!!! she just said sorry and went! while half of my dish was still full and I was eating!! so overall I really don't like to go to a place where they do not treat you as they should!
2	We went there as a group of 12. The food was delicious and the sauce was unique, especially the XO sauce.However, the service is terrible there. Sure they pour out the beer in front of us, but that doesn't do anything if the rest of the service is slow and takes several minutes between dishes to come out. It just left most of us hungry and impatient.The icing on the cake is that they have the gut to force us to pay 10% in an extremely unfriendly matter. Because the service was slow, I tipped very little, but she kept insisting I have to pay more even though it was apparent I was reluctant.Anyways, suffice to say, they have good food, but they focus too much on money and not the service itself.
1	My husband and I ordered food from this place because of its high reviews on Yelp,  and will NEVER be calling them again. We barely ate anything of the meal. What a waste of money!Peanut butter dumplings: The best part of the meal, but really not great.General Tao chicken: the batter was soggy and seems as though the dish had been made the day before. Spicy porc with eggplant: the dish smelled like urine. We dared try it, and it had no flavour. Very bland. Chicken fried rice: We thought that we could at least rely on the chicken fried rice. How do you mess that up? Well, the chicken had NO flavour, the rice was dry and the vegetables did not seem fresh at all. Overall, the food was not fresh at all. I really don't understand why it has gotten such great reviews.
1	Not recommended at all. The service is disappointingly poor. I found dried shrimps and chicken feet in my order. I ordered shredded pork but instead I received the items above. I fought for a refund, which I received after a lengthy argument with the management. The management was being aggressive, rude and made racist comments regarding my ethnicity. The food got delivered one hour later after being ordered. The other dishes were cold, blend and tasteless. The food was definitely not worth the price of purchase. I would not recommend anyone order from or dine at this restaurant.
4	I'm quite fond of this Chinese restaurant. Located in the heart of downtown, its surrounded by stiff competition. I actually used to go to WOK cafe down the street for all my chinese needs but had a change of heart after trying PM one day. Its lunch special is unmatched! At 7.99$ for your choice of wonton or hot and sour soup with your choice of main plate from black pepper beef to general tao chicken (generous portions), yet not too much food, the deal has me coming back time and time again. They even honour this price for take out during the lunch hour. This restaurant is also great for groups. They have several large rotating round tables that allow for groups to order several dishes to share. Just don't expect a fancy type restaurant cause its not, but it is worth a visit for a casual chinese lunch.
1	Fast delivery and very friendly delivery driver. However, the food, for how pricey it was, was really bland. The beef was really tough, and had the consistency of shoe leather, and the fried rice was dry and flavorless. The soup was just heated water. Perhaps they were having a bad night, but thoroughly disappointing.
4	Came here mostly with friends. yea good place
2	Maybe I'm outgrowing my love for deep-fried foods, but the last few times I've ordered my "usual" here (general Tao chicken), I've been disappointed by the hard-to-find pieces of chicken under the very thick coating of batter. I'm a creature of habit and wish they would just make my "favourite" like they used to, rather than me try to find a replacement on their menu. There are too many other consistently good restaurants in mtl to bother.
3	lots of choices in this area.not the best, not the worst.
4	I went there after hearing a friend rave about the authenticity of their Chinese food. There was also that one dish I wanted to try after reading some great reviews about it and I wasn't disappointed in the least. I highly recommend ordering their minced pork, Japanese fried Tofu and eggplant casserole. It is absolutely a favorite of mine. I would have it again any day. I don't know where they get the tofu but it was amazingly flavored and melted right in my mouth. I cannot emphasize how good it was and I am very hard to please.We also got their sweet and sour soup which was agreeably balanced with maybe a touch too much vinegar.I went again during lunch time at some point and ordered from their lunch menu. The food wasn't exactly bad but it came nothing close to the casserole. Get the casserole! The price was good. The portions are generous and very fair. Our waiter was very friendly and actually replaced water by tea free of charge when we asked for something hot to drink.5 stars for the casserole. 4 stars for the service. 3 stars for everything else.
