5	great place they help me almost everything that  i had to replace
5	Customer service is great here... We had a check engine light... They explained what needed to be done, looked up the parts.. Didn't have them :(  Edgar took the time to tell us which of the codes were more important and needed more attention.  As a plus... A couple with kids were having car problems and the guys at auto zone went out to assist. Totally coming back... They never made me feel dumb cause I'm a female !! Love the guys here!
2	I came here to pick up a part that I had previously called on to be put on hold.  The associate found my part after a few minutes.  He double-checked that the part ordered actually fit my car, which was a plus.  I then requested another part, which they didn't have in stock.  The associate didn't offer to look at other stores so I had to ask myself.  "Do any of your store's have it in stock?"  After checking the system, he found what I needed at  another Auto Zone about 15 miles away.  He told me he could order the part and it would be in the next day, but I told him I didn't mind driving there and picking it up myself.  I asked if he could call the store to verify that they indeed had the part I needed and if they could put it on hold for me.  He took down my information and told me he'd call immediately.    Upon arrival to the other Auto Zone, they found no record of the part I needed.  The associate even showed me the computer screen and that it didn't have my name or request anywhere, which means no one called to place the order.  So instead of just walking in and picking up my part, I had to go through the whole process again in order to find the correct part number necessary for what I needed.  It took longer than it should of because the associate didn't put it on hold like he told he me would.  Thank goodness the part was there and it all worked out in the end.  Will I come here again?  Most likely, especially if they have the part I need.  Don't come expecting some awesome customer service though.  Pros: *  Associate double-checked my part to assure proper fitment *  Auto Zone offers holding items and delivery to your store of choice *  Nice little clearance section in front with little trinkets (air freshners,  key chains, and a bag of rags perfect for cleaning your car).Cons: *  They didn't offer to call other store... I had to ask. *  Told me they would call store to hold item, but failed to do so. *  bad customer service Overall: *  I'll come here if they have the part that I need, otherwise; I'd rather go to another Auto Zone.  Compared to other stores, this Auto Zone rates as a mediocre when it comes to customer service.Tips: *  Ask about the Auto Zone card *  Battery Charge (1 hour) freee *  Free Resurfacing of rotors *  Free Alternator testing
5	The battery in my car alarm died and I couldn't get my car to start. Luckily, Autozone was right across the street. The staff was very friendly and willing to help me. They even installed the new batteries and walked over with me to make sure I got my car started. I was so thankful. I now know I can always count on this location!
2	Needed to replace a dead battery previously purchased at this Auto Zone. Technician was not helpful in any way and resistant to anything my husband had to say regarding the battery not holding a charge. I understand that AZ has a policy about testing the battery prior to replacement and that's fine. The problem was this guy insisted that they HAD charge the battery before they could replace it. My husband had already had it on the charger and it wouldn't hold a charge. We told him this, but that's not good enough, apparently. Charging the battery takes one hour and we didn't have that much time. He should have swapped out the battery based on his test and the fact that we already charged it. Long story short, we left and went to another AZ where the battery was promptly replaced. Customer service is lacking at the Jones AZ.
5	Had to get a recharger for my a/c that gave out on my way home. Read the reviews for this store and decided to stop by regardless that it was out of my way. The manager...Edgar or something very similar (I'm sorry buddy!)...but he went above and beyond to go out and help me out in the parking lot. Found out I had a bad compressor but still...the manager there is a wonderful guy. I'm just so sorry I forgot your name! Driving without a/c made me forgetful but he deserves all the praise in the world. Fellow yelpers led me to this specific store and I wasn't disappointed with the service they all gave thumbs up for. There are 2 autozones closer for me to go to but will gladly drive just a bit further and give my business to that store because of that manager. Good job and excellent service!
5	I came in here to get supplies to clean my idle air control, not knowing exactly what I needed. I walked in ever so rudely on the phone with my boyfriend who was telling me what to purchase. William was so kind! He went right to the shelves and grabbed the exact cans I needed without any hesitation. Of course I apologized for my rudeness but his customer service stood out! Thank you very much William for making a lady not feel like too much of a fool in here
5	Great service.  Had engine check light was told needed new throttle sensor   Elderick fixed it right up for me and was easy on my pocketbook than going to a car repair place.   Thank you
3	I needed a thermostat for a car that was overheating. I called them asking how much, and it was only $11. They did ask to add on a gasket. At $1.50, hell why wouldn't you? I fixed my car for less than $20 and with these guys' help. They put the part on hold for me and actually had it on hold when I got there.
5	Always very helpful and knowledgeable here. Everyone is quick to ask if you need assistance with finding anything. Even though there are two competitors closer to my house, I prefer coming here, knowing that I will leave with everything that I need for my car.
