5	Awesome artists!
5	I've been a follower, as well as a patron of the owners of Om Ink Gallery for quite some time now and have traveled to all corners of the valley to have work done by Duane Rhoades. A class act and overall great guy, he captures your tattoo ideas well and manages to deliver them in a way that not only keeps you satisfied but finds you wanting more of his work. I am excited to see that they have opened Om Ink Gallery and expect great things from them. If you get the chance, stop by and see them. Entrust them with you ideas and watch as they come to fruition.
5	I would not go anywhere else...the artists are amazing and their work is outstanding. I would only trust them with putting ink on my body!  I have gotten several tattoos and a few piercings and have nothing but good things to say about Om!!
5	My husband and I have had several pieces done by Taija. In fact, she is the only artist my husband allows to do his work. She is an amazing artist and a good person in general. She is very proud of the shop and is insistent on safety and cleanliness above all else. I wish Taija and Duane all the best in this venture.
5	Taija Rae is so awesome!! she did a cover up on my back and a quote tat on my forearm and I couldn't be any happier! She is very good and very specific in the placing of the tattoos which is great to me! If anyone is looking for someone who can do some great stuff it's this girl! Highly recommended! And the new shop was so clean and very nice!
5	Duane & Taija are amazing. I have been going to them for 5 years and would never stray. They run a very clean and professional shop, have great talent and surround themselves with great talent as well. Also very personable, fun, open people to be around, which I appreciate greatly. Not like other shops I've been to with some what rude and short artists.  Duane pretty much owns my arms and I can't wait to go back and get them finished!
5	Duane and Taija are WONDERFUL artists. I refuse to get ink elsewhere, even being hundreds of miles away. They are very professional and have a clean shop, always. You would be doing yourself a disservice to go anywhere else! Side note: Taija does amazing dog portraits!!
5	Om Ink Gallery and the artists/owner there have been the most professional, courteous, talented group of artists I've had the pleasure to work with.  I've been going to Duane and Taija for over 6 years now...This is due to a great first impression...no big ego's, no uncomfortable exchanges...Just great ideas, thoughts and art.  (That is how you run a business)  I appreciate them and tell ANYONE I know to visit the shop to brainstorm ideas for great tattoos.  I have work from both Duane and Taija, and the line work, colors, and durability over time is noticed....Thanks guys!
5	Taija, Duane, & Marah Rock. Beautiful tattoos & great piercing in the cleanest & best shop in the valley!  Taija has tattooed 3 generations of my family (daughter, my sister, me, and my Mom).  All 6 of my tattoos are done by Taija!
5	If you are looking for a great shoppe go no further.  First timer or like me and have a few they can work with anyone. I have had work done by all three artists and they are great. The shoppe is clean and inviting.  And they artists are good people. Check they out.
5	Taija, Duane and Marah all all awesome!  All of them are very professional and do amazing work!  The shop is very clean and easy to get to.
5	I love the work the artists do at OM Ink Gallery they are all amazing.....special thanks to Duane Rhodes for all of my amazing tattoos and the entire full backpiece we are finishing up.
5	Came in here and got my belly button pierced!  I love Marah, she really took care of me! And it's healing well...very clean place and everyone is so pleasant!
5	I couldn't have chose a better tattoo artist to start my sleeve . Taija's the  best !!! I will definitely be coming back to her !!!  I'm so in love with my tattoo it feels so surreal lol
5	Researched lots of piercing shops as I wanted a place with a sterile environment, knowledgeable piercer, and someone to make me feel comfortable. Om Ink was just what I was looking for. Talked to Marah on the phone for a while before stopping in. She was very polite and took the time to answer all of my questions. When I arrived, I met Marah and she was just as sweet as she was over the phone. I went into the room, she explained what was going to happen, and pierced my tragus and double helix quickly and as comfortably as it gets (it is a piercing, lol). I am definitely coming back to see Marah if I decide to get any more piercings in the future. I recommend this shop to everyone!
5	Came in for some odd piercings...a fellow by the name of Dwayne was kind enough to help me. He was so calming, as i was a nervous wreck. These were not my first piercings but they were more personal ones, so I was literally about to poop my pants. Halfway through the procedure, I passed out with the needle still in me. Dwayne woke me up, reassured me with water and a jolly rancher, took the time with me. hours of no eating and no sleep + pain = lights out. I was thankful Dwayne was quick and very professional. I've had my nose and ears pierced here before with no pain at all; plus everyone is truly talented tattoo-wise.Great experience! Thanks Dwayne!
5	I love this place! It's the only place in AZ I'll go to for piercings and tattoos. I've been following them since their first shop since I was 16. Even though I live in Oregon now I still make trips home and get work done here. The artists have great attitudes and are always excited to give you the best tattoo they can. They are more than fairly priced and have a great clean and sterile environment. I'll  keep coming back for the great service until I run out of room!
5	5 stars are for amazing service. 10 stars it I could. Always a good time and always beyond satisfied. 8 yrs later nobody tatts me but Duane
