4	Excellent middle eastern food in a pretty sketchy, run-down location. Almost a little too authentic for me. I though I was a big Baba Ghanoush fan until I ate here the other day. It was pretty weird consistency and had a very pungent flavor. I'm guessing this is how it supposed to be made. I'm not sure if I'm a Baba Ghanoush man anymore.I had a vegetarian plate, which was very diverse, large, and tasty. I think it ran 8.50 and came with hummus, the aforementioned pungent baba ghanoush, dolmades, falafel, tabouli, spanakopita, pita bread, and soup or salad (I got the lentil soup). Everything was very flavorful and delicious, except for the dolmades which were surprisingly tame. The falafel which was perfectly crispy on the outside and warm, tasty, and chewy on the inside was a welcome change from the pedestrian falafel I've had recently at the big fat greek and cyprus pita grill.My companion got the Arabic alliance certified mixed kebab platter. It looked awesome, but didn't blow my friend's mind. It had baba ghanoush, hummus, rice, a chicken kabob, and a beef kabob as well as pita and soup/salad. The biggest issue with this place is its location. Seedy, old strip mall trying to class it up with a whole foods market, arab market, fattoush, etc. But that area is not the kind of place to walk around at night and the dining room at fattoush isn't much to look at. It's the kind of place you want to eat at and get out of as soon as possible. Hopefully in due time they will be able to move to a better location.Although the staff is very friendly, seemed to be on a first name basis with most of the people who came in, and of course makes great food. I'd recommend it for lunch or take out when you are looking for a big, flavorful meal.
4	First, NO atmosphere.After working at the Clarendon for as long as I did, I recommended Fattoush quite a few times and never heard a bad word about it. But, honestly, I rarely stray further west than 15th avenue as general practice. Lucky for me, I was broke and at the will of my paying lunch partner, and he took me here (it's Ben from the Clar, FYI... here's proof that he's as into non-chain and local joints as most of us yelpers... and we drove there in his p-i-m-pin Prius... owoooo).We had virtually the same thing and were both very pleased with it. The humus is very, very good. Incredibly smooth and flavorful.Lentil soup also gets incredible thumbs up.
4	Fattoush is an amazing little place, family run with wonderful fresh, homemade tasting food. Seriously the best hummus I have ever had.The prices are great, you can have an amazing lunch under $10.The menu is pretty broad with a lot of traditional dishes from lamb to fava beans to hummus. Vegetarians can find plenty of choices.Never having been to the Middle East, I am not sure of the authenticity of the food, but if I were to guess, this is what it would be like to eat a home cooked meal there.The staff is friendly and helpful and the service is great.Most of the people eating there are Middle Eastern each time I have been there, which I think say something about the quality and taste of the food.The place is great, you can't beat the price and better yet, you can't beat the taste.
5	I just had lunch here for the first time in months. Man, i've missed it. I can't speak for authenticity, never having been to Iraq or anywhere else in the middle east, but I can speak for flavor. Yum. In the many months since our discovery of this great little joint, we have worked our way through a good portion of the menu. We take friends and family to Fattoush, and no one has been disappointed yet. (except for the time they were closed due to a kitchen fire- that was pretty disappointing!)Norma R. is right- there really isn't much atmosphere, so don't expect a romantic meal here. It's a no frills place, with friendly service and great food.  What more do you need? Things like falafel, hummus and baba ghanoush rank high on my list of favorite foods, so this place is an automatic win for me. The flavors are incredible, particularly the smoky baba ghanoush and the tangy garlic dip. I could eat that stuff with a spoon. The falafel is the closest thing to garbanzo bean perfection that I have ever tasted. The meat dishes, such as chicken shawarma and various kabobs, are all flavorful and fantastic. Served with rice and another side depending on what you order, these plates will fill you up and send you home happy. For the light eaters, their pita sandwiches are fantastic and cheap. They'll cost you between $4-6, but they are huge and stuffed to the max. All entrees (sandwiches too!) come with either salad or the fantastic lentil soup. Skip the salad. The soup is too good to ignore.
4	I used to work at a Lebanese restaurant/bar for years.  And...I'm from Michigan which gives me a fair position to judge Middle Eastern food, as Michigan is crawling with homemade pita and baba to die for..This place is not about gyros or belly dancers, it's a real deal Middle Eastern deli.  I agree fully with the average 4 star rating losing one star ONLY for lack of atmosphere.  But, if you are craving falafel, warm pita, hummus, or chicken schwarma for lunch than this is your place.  Nothing on the menu will disappoint!
4	Finally made my way to Fattoush and I have to say "mmm mmmm good!" Not since my old neighbor, a refugee from Iraq, moved out have I had I experienced such robust flavors combined with healthy food. Lord I miss that man!!!So yeah there isn't much of an atmosphere, the pictures don't really fit in the molding that was hung to frame art, but does that effect the food? Absolutely not! Physically, not much has changed since this place was the Green Leaf Cafe which was the predecessor to the Persian Garden. Except that the food here is less on the fusion side of Mediterranean flavors and more middle-eastern authentic Iraqis with a little Jordanian thrown in.I love that you start out with the green lentil soup or salad with every meal. The name of the restaurant actually comes from said salad, which is a mix of romaine, tomatoes, cucumber, mint and toasted triangles of pita bread, covered with a tart balsamic vinegar dressing. But the soup is where it's at. It's unlike your average lentil soup - smooth and creamy, with bits of pasta. Very mild. It's a nice homey touch which is really what this food is all about. And that homey touch comes naturally, as the two main staffers are brother and sister. Their mom often helps out in the kitchen (and dad is busy cooking in Scottsdale).When we arrived there were just two tables with guests, so we had our pick of eating spots. And there were a steady stream of people coming in for take-out throughout our visit. The menu is actually quite large considering their kitchen is about the size of my bathroom. On this visit, my sis and I decided to sample as much as we could to get a feel for the place. She was a little iffy as she had never had this kind of food, but once the dishes started rolling out, she quickly became a fan. We started with the fava beans, mixed with olive oil, garlic, and lemon. Main courses consisted of the Falafel Plate which comes with warm pita, hummus, pickles, and tomatoes and Chicken Shwarmas which were spiced perfectly and had juicy - dare I say succulent chicken. We topped the meal off with some freshly made baklava and rolled our way out to the car for our trip home.Just after the soup course, a large Ford taxi pulled up and out of it piled out 8 full grown (some more fully grown if you get my drift, than others) ME men. It was sort of like the proverbial clown car... I mean seriously I didn't know you could get that many men in one car. They headed straight for the table next to us and then things really started to pick up. Four of them ordered Lamb Kuzi and the rest all got something different. Let me just say that my sister had to hold me down because their food all looked so good. Their table was literally crammed full of dishes with smells so good that I swear my nose grew just trying to get a better whiff!Our meal came to $25  but in retrospect, we really didn't need all three dishes and could have easily gotten out of there for about $16. Service was attentive, food was phenomenal (and healthy - how often do you find that?!!), and it's only .5 miles from my house. This is probably the best ME food that I've had at a local restaurant and the place would definately warrant the coveted 5-stars on the food alone, but the afore mentioned atmosphere knocks it down one. It may have taken me years to get over to Fattoush, but it won't be long before my next visit! That Kuzi is calling me!!!
1	Oh my.  The solidly 4 star reviews directed me to not miss out on this authentic Middle Eastern eatery in my neighborhood so with happy anticipation we sashayed into the place named Fattoush; but it wasn't the restaurant I read about below in the glowing reviews. I totally missed out on this fabulous Fattoush experience. I wanted to go to the place you all visited, badly!  It's making me not want to review things. I look mean or snobby, but I'm really not. Let me share the experience with you.We were alone, except for a relative eating his dinner. The lady asked if we wanted take out, but we wanted to eat in, She seemed surprised and disappointed. She took her time getting the menu's and she took 15 going on 20 minutes to deliver two green ice tea's. I'm not kidding~ I watched the Iraqi shaped wood clock pass the time while she chatted on her cell phone. I watched her back mostly. She paced back and forth from the man enjoying his dinner and the behind the counter area.  I'm thinking we should at least have drinks and soup by now. Sigh. Was she brewing the ice tea... from scratch? The iced tea came warm and the soup came cold. There weren't any solids in the soup it was green lentil broth. Would have tasted great if it was warm and had lentils. The soup bowl was nuked. I could tell because my chipped bowl was hot, like in a typical poor microwave situation. We were abandoned by the server, no ability to send it back, she was busy on the phone. She wasn't taking orders on it, it was a personal call. A long personal call.We ordered the King combo dinner for two. Might as well sample a lot of things to be fair. We got to sample very over cooked and dried out meats. re-heated rice that clumped, curdled yogurt, tabouili without bulgher,vinegary dolmades, greasy spinach pies, crusty falafal, mediocre hummus and burnt babaganoosh with a huge pool of oil in it. Flies buzzed over our meal and I shook my head. This whole platter was pre made and microwaved and it wasn't good. Not one item was worth a positive review. Swishing the flies away, I was regretting the visit. We had empty tea glasses and wanted to get more drink, but the lady was now talking with a woman who walked in and wanted to give them some figs. From her yard or something. I don't know.. it was, "Let's not Pay any Attention to the Customers Time" I think.Re heated poor foods, coupled with inattentive service sealed Fattoushes review. We were ready to pay and leave. My partner is questioning my judgment on these yelp approved places. We keep trying them and getting bitterly disappointed.We went up to the counter to pay as we didn't want to wait longer for a bill to be presented. The lady said "I hope you liked it!" She seemed to want me to be happy, but I'm sorry. I made a small polite smile and left a small tip.I don't think this place is worth returning to.
4	so.. i've read many reviews that made my mouth water about this place and have been wanting me some fattoush for a while! so randomly driving by about 2 weeks ago with my dusty  i realized omg "fattoush!" pointing out the window, looked at him and said "i need it!"the thought of being in falafel heaven, made me happy.. it had been a while since i had good falafel, it didnt let me down. i had the veg plate that came with lentil soup, hummus, a pickle!, dolmas, eggplant mmm so good and of course falafel! they gave us plenty of pita bread which i was thankful for since most the places i have been to give you 1 or 2 thin pieces! and charge you for extras. ugh! i love my bread. thank  you.we sat near the window next to their cute decorated christmas tree and annoying flies :/ , and watched the rain. other than the flies it was grreat.
4	I have to give Fattoush 4 stars because their baba ghanouj is, by far, the best I've ever had.  It is fabulous.I like everything I've tried there.  Great options for vegetarians and meat eaters as well.  The lentil soup is yummy, the tabsy, even the french fries...haven't yet found something I didn't like and we've tried all the veg. options.  A really nice addition is the garlic sauce - we love that stuff.It is true that the atmosphere is...not so impressive.  But I actually like that - I like that it is laid back and casual.  And the people there are very sweet and friendly.Prices are decent as well.  One caution: we always call before we go to verify their hours for that day because there have been several times they have been closed unexpectedly.  But we enjoy it enough to take that extra step!
5	Mmmmmm... de-LISH!
5	Extra friendly service and great food at decent prices. We have only ordered take out but have enjoyed quality service when picking it up.
5	Great Middle Eastern food.  I used to eat there with some friends from Turkey and they all agreed that this was one of the best places in the Valley.I am huge fan of Kafta and theirs is one of the best I have had.  The portions are huge and everything from the meat to the rice to the sauces are great.  The lentil soup is also a nice touch.
4	Great menu. I had never had middle eastern food and this was a great first experience. I had the Chicken kisara. EXCELLENT We were on a fast time frame for lunch in between meetings and using Yelp with previous reviews, we choose Fattoush, reviews & location where driving forces. I will definitely be back and more adventurous with each visit.
3	Why is it so hard to find some good fried ball of fun, Aka falafel.I rolled on in here with a coworker on our adventure lunch trip for the week. We were relived that we were not the only customers or outsiders when we showed up. We picked the table of our choice and were given the menus a few minutes later.The menu had many vegetarian dishes including a sampler plate, for lunch the prices of the dish items was a bit high $8.95. Many of the menu items had recently undergone a crude price charge with a label maker. We waited a bit until they came to take our order.If you read any of my reviews it should be no surprise that I went for the Falafel sandwich. The sandwiches came with either a salad or soup. I oped for the salad, it was a basic mix of ice burg lettuce with diced tomatoes and cucumber dressed with a light balsamic dressing. Our sandwiches arrived after another 10 minutes. During that wait we  took in the interesting, whimsical, tacky decor. Floral paintings, painted cornice upon cornice moldings, and a Iraq clock.My falafel sandwich was basic, falafel, lettuce, a picked and tahini. It was decent, the falafel was soft inside and had a good flavor. The size was a bit small considering the $5.25 price. The service was a bit slow, and we oped to get up and pay at the register as we could not wait any longer.The food was decent the service and prices were not so only awarded 3 stars.
5	Great prices. Fabulous flavors. Friendly staff. Clean place. The atmosphere was great. I felt I was in the Middle East. Minus the political turmoil over there. I had the Kibbi, my mom had the Lamb Kuza, Dad had the mixed grill. So we tasted a variety. From the hummus, baba Gannouj, Chicken, Kefta, lentil soup. Everything was superb.
4	I've never had falafel from anywhere but P.J and H.B (in Tempe) before, but when a friend of mine wanted to meet me for lunch here on Monday, I jumped at the chance to try a new place. I ordered the falafel pita (of course) and a choice of soup or salad came with the meal.  I opted for the salad.  Both the salad and falafel were tasty.   Price for my meal - Under $6 My only gripe is when I was asked what I wanted to drink after I sat down.  Our food came out, and yet I was still without a beverage.  So, I asked again for a glass of water.  Finally 5 minutes later, she brought me a glass.  Other than the beverage oversight, everything was great.
1	I was displeased with the quality of the food. The lentil soup was unusual tasting, the hummus, babaganoush, grape leaves and spinach pie were mediocre in taste. The prices are very cheap. The mango juice was very good though
4	Stopped into this cute little Iraqi restaurant for lunch today, & ordered a Lamb & Beef Gyro for this first visit.  It comes with your choice of soup or salad, & I went with the cup of nice hot lentil soup.  At only $5.95 for everything, it was even less expensive than Al-Hana, & it all turned out like this:Comfortable dining room + lovely staff + excellent service + delicious food + very reasonable prices = Yay, I'm a fan!!    :-))
5	I admit that, like other reviewers, we had to get up to get our check when we were finished.  However, the service was great when it counted (when we were eating).  And even if it hadn't been, the food was really AMAZING.  I ordered the gyro sandwich -- I love them, but they're usually pretty standard no matter where you go.  The meat was tender and flavorful here, though, and not greasy like in other spots.  We also had the hummus, which was great, too.  I had the lentil soup, which was superb.  My husband got the lamb kebab plate and was impressed with everything down to the rice -- and he's an extremely picky eater.  Great food, good prices and good service -- what more could we ask for?  We'll definitely be back.
5	THIS IS TRULY THE BEST OF ITS KIND IN THE VALLEY.... THE MIXED GRILL IS AWESOME. The quality of the meat is excellent. This is one of those that we go back to again and again..... Better than all the others you are reading about really really....
5	Love mom and pop restaurants.  The food is really great. Service can be slow but its totally worth it.  Have not had anything bad on the menu.  If you're not sure what you want, try just a simple pita.  It's inexpensive and filling.  Save room for baklava!
2	Had such high expectations after reading the reviews! The food is mediocre at best and out of a can at worst. I had the mixed vegetarian plate (my standard to get an idea of the food at any new middle eastern place) and C got the gyro sandwich. The grape leaves were absolutely out of a can (and microwaved to the point of scalding) and I'm guessing the same applies for the hummus and baba. Gyro meat was not fresh sliced off of a spit - it was totally uniform slices, all the same exact shape that had probably been microwaved. Clearly out of a package and not of the spit. The falafal was ok but not seasoned well enough. If you're looking for authentic mid eastern fare - find another place to eat.
4	I've been here twice and I can assure you it will not be my last time. Had lunch today and it was yummy and the service was particularly nice. I got the gyro and lentil soup and the fiance got the chicken shawarma, lentil soup, and a side salad (the Fattoosh salad). It was all really good but I think the chicken shawarma was the winner. The lentil soup is also amazing with a bit of squeezed lemon and pepper. I could eat it all day long. Also, the prices can't be beat. Super duper deal.
4	Good little family owned restaurant. Friendly service with solid middle eastern food. The leg of lamb was very good. Also, there is a great Uzbek grocery store next door.
4	Great familiy owned middle eastern restaurant.  The food is great, serivce is fantastic, and everyone is very friendly.
4	What a gem! I've driven by this several times and read some great reviews about the place and finally decided to check it out. And man am I happy! We did the king's feast, which was supposed to be for 2 people but ended up feeding two children as well as my wife and I. It was $25 for Chicken kebab, Kafta kebab, gyro, rice, hummus, babbaganoush, falafel, dolma, spinach pies, meat pies and salad or soup. The only thing I didn' t like was the spinach pie, everything else was great. My favorite was the kafta kebab, although it did taste exactly like a good meatloaf (which I like, but not sure it's what I expected). We also ordered these little chicken rolls with garlic sauce that were great. All total, I think we spent $33 and had a terrific meal. Can't wait to go back and try some of the other dishes on the menu!!
4	Chicken Sharwarma is amazing!!  I get the chx sharwarma sand, it's in a pita--and hummus on the side.Very cool small joint, family run, enough said.  Very good food!
4	Had lunch here about a week ago.   I was the only person there at 11:30 but soon folks started showing up for take out.  I ordered a fallafel sandwich and salad.  Both were incredibly fresh and tasty.  Casual atmosphere.  Friendly service.  Great prices.  Great place to eat.  I will go back!
3	I love their hummus, but the fattoush itself left my teeth hurting for days! I couldn't bite down on much after that. This last time I went, I had the falafel and spinach pocket. I don't know what it is about their phyllo but it has a strange texture to bite down on. It's not awesomely crispy. The falafel itself was yummy! I do wish, however, that they had romaine and tomatoes on the sandwich rather than iceberg.Overall, it's good - some dishes even amazing! - definitely give their world-ending hummus and baba ghannoush a shot.
4	Great food, friendly service and a good value.I had dinner here recently and the four of us shared a Kings Table combo.  It was delicious, fresh and served with a smile.
2	I must admit that I have already begun to lose faith in quite a few reviews that I've read on Yelp.  Please let me assure you that of all the reviews I read, I should have completely ignored the 4 & 5 star reviews and trusted some of the more knowledgeable but unfortunately negative reviews.  If you've eaten at some of the great mediterranean/middle eastern restaurants in the valley (I'm thinking of one unnamed delicious place in Tempe in particular), trust me this is nothing like them.  I took my wife here for lunch because of the solid 4 star rating, ignored the mild seediness of the location and ordered the gyro plate while she ordered the chicken kabob sandwich.  The waitress looked at me with a perplexed appearance so I finally asked her if there was something wrong with my order.  "We are out of gyro meat but someone will be back from the market with it if you will wait"..... So I ordered a beef schawerma sandwich instead.  Why would I wait for someone to bring back gyro meat to warm up - what happened to a spit of beef and lamb roasting on a rotisserie?  After a reasonably moderate wait we get lentil soup which was not horrible and a plate of lettuce sitting in a pool of oily dressing.  The hummus was pretty darn good - bread fine just like if I bought it at a market...not warmed but fine.  Our sandwiches each contained pretty dry, unremarkable meat - again not inedible but far from what I'm used to.  My drink was an overpriced can of soda and the whole deal was several dollars more than a wonderful meal elsewhere...complete waste.  Just because a restaurant is family owned non-franchise does not make it good or a reasonable value - sorry.
5	Amazing mix of excellent food and a lil culture.  I do enjoy the little unique places you have to dig for, especially if its a family run location.  The baba ganoush, and dolmas were perfect.  I'm a huge fan.  Will definately return, I have so many things to try now ;)
4	The lentil soup is the star of this restaurant.  I wish they sold it by the gallon.You could say Fattoush is kind of a hole in the wall, which I appreciate in an ethnic restaurant.  The decor is eclectic and seems to embody the spirit of the family owners.  If you expect fancy you may be disappointed, but if you expect a delicious meal at a fair price you'll be headed back for more.Tonight I had the Chicken Shawarma sandwich (seasoned and served in a pita with tomatoes, pickles, and sauce) which, served with soup or salad at $6.95, was a steal.  And the tiny cup of Turkish coffee was just right.The service is good and definitely very friendly. Fattoush fits right in on that magical stretch of 19th Ave. between Indian School and Camelback, among so many great diverse food spots.
2	After having dined here before & given it 4 Stars, I raved it up to Norm R., Robyn N. & MIke C. who joined me for lunch here today.Well, this place was a disappointment today.  Each of us ordered the same thing, the "Mixed Grill", a platter that was supposed to come with Gyros, Chicken Kabab, Kafta Kabab, rice, babaganoush, hummus, and pita bread.*  After a little while our platters showed up, missing the Gyros!     :-(*  After some back and forth, we were served the two strips each of Gyros, but it was very greasy.  We shouldn't have had to ask for it either, let alone beg!     :-(*  I tried to order a bowl of their renouned Lentil Soup, but they didn't have any.     :-(*  On top of everything else, this plate was expensive, at $12.49.     :-|Ugh.  I doubt I'll be returning to this one, especially since we have excellent alternatives such as Al-Hana.     :-)
3	I ordered the mixed grill platter, as did my yelp friends Rand, Mike, and Robyn. I found the babaganoush, kafta, and chicken kebab to be very good. The hummus was OK. The gyro slices came only after we reminded them that those were supposed to be part of the platter, and they were greasy and unappealing. I did not care much for the salad that came with the platter. Service was friendly and the food was served promptly. But for the same kind of food - well, actually, more of it and at a lower price, I'd rather go to Babylon Gyros.
2	Had lunch here with Robyn,Rand,and Norm .We all ordered the mixed grill platter wich consists of chicken kabab,kafta and gyro slices.when the food arrived it was missing the gyro slices and after short argument over the gyro slices they decided to give them to us(they are on the menu and on the picture on the sandwich board out front) there should have been no question about it,its not something new to the menu.Anyway they were really greasy and not that good anyway.I did like the kafta it was very good as well as the rice. The chicken kabab was ok and the pita bread and hummas was good I also liked the garlic sauce.So I ask myself , would I return , well the answer is no. So 2 stars for Fattoush.
5	AWESOME.  Their grape leaves (although meatless) were some of the best I've ever had.  We also had the lamb kabobs with rice, hummus, tabouleh and lentil soup.  This will be our new staple place to go!
3	I've had better falafel and better hummus....mashed up chickpeas with no spices. The lentil soup was pretty good. I wish I liked it better because I live really close.
4	You can smell the wonderful food when you get out of your car. I love this place for the food!! It's a small, mom & pop, restaurant where the food is cooked with love! It great for middle-Eastern home cooking like mom's.... Especially, the mansef (mnisef)!!! it's all good, tasty, well spiced and fresh! the only down side is the location... it's not on the best side of town. Oh well, can't have it all!  Though, it's so worth the drive.... I go every 2-3 weeks.-What to expect? a good Middle-Eastern home cooked meal for a fair price!Save this one in you GPS fav's!
5	The food here is exceptional as are the prices. This place has my favorite falafel, best lentil soup in Phoenix (rivaled only by Sahara in Tempe), delicious rice and the iced tea is a yummy cardamom black tea blend that makes me happy. The vegetarian combo platter is also delightful, with outstanding hummus and babaganoush. This is not a place you go for atmosphere but if you love good veggie food, you should not miss this place. * Bonus, you can stop by the Middle Eastern Grocery next door and pick up the Sadaf cardamom tea by the box to brew at home.*
1	I know my middle eastern food. I eat and sleep Kabobs!Being indian with a middle eastern background and culture. The food sucks. No I don't own a restaurant. I love my food.Slow service, bad food, poor food prepping.I didnt get sick but the food was not tasty at all
3	This is a great little Middle Eastern Restaurant if you in the mood for a quick fix. Very friendly people, typical atmosphere, and good food.To me the food lacked a bit of spice, it seemed slightly bland, but overall it was good. I ordered the hummus appatizer and kibbie plate, the hummus was a generous portion and wile the cube did come with salad, I felt the price point was slightly high.Throw in the ice tea and tip, I was out of there for slightly under $20, but I didn't leave hungry.I would stop again.
2	Very nice atmosphere service was fast and courteous but Far from I had expected. I had lots of Middle Eastern food in the valley but I never had a chicken shawarma sandwich with lettuce on. Overall the garlic sauce was good and the meat was marinated gooood.  Like they say you get what you pay for. The $5 choose your sandwich with salad lunch special is very inexpensive but I won't be returning.
4	Don't let the kind of down market feel to the strip mall turn you away. This place is worth a look. I've been looking for a place to get good falafel since the Cyprus Grill at Town & Country closed. Since this place got good yelp reviews, off we went. Bottom line: I'm still looking for good falafel, but this place is pretty good on other fronts.I had the vegetarian plate. It was loaded with good stuff. The following were very good: grape leaves, hummus, and baba gannouj.  These were good: lentil soup, spinach pie. On the disappointing side were the falafel and tabbouleh. Also, the pita bread was store bought and a bit blah.  Overall, the food just wasn't as spiced as I've had at other middle-eastern restaurants. Maybe that's because I'd been to Syrian and Lebanese places and Iranian food is different. I don't know.Our server was very nice.I'll come back for the good stuff and continue my falafel search. I'm actually going to try to make it myself.
5	For me it was reallly good! the food, service albeit a little slow cause of the weekend crowd and ambience was good! Affordable and yummy! Definitely will come back when I'm in AZ !
1	Disgrace to Mediterranean food, got there at 5 pm for dinner on a Friday night no one in the restaurant not even 1 customer,,, order chicken and lamb, few minutes later the waitress came back to tell us we do not have enough lamb, so we order chicken and gyro instead, again came back, we do not have gyro, so we settled for one plate of kafta,  one plate of chicken,and some tabouli plate, 25 minutes later food came, got my raw kafta, and the 5 days old tabooli plate,and instead of the chicken got some small pieces of lamb sitting on a pile of rice, and she said we found some lamb even though we were told they were out and ordered chicken instead, tried the tabouli  ( disgusting) the waitress came back told her about taking the tabouli back she left it on the table and said you have to pay for it anyway.Got ready to eat and realized there is no pita, we asked for pita she brought 1 piece, (mediterranean food with no pita)  when it was time to pay for the food we did not eat , we had to look around for someone to ring us up by the cash box.Traveled the world eating meditteranean food, never had this experience before. do not do it and do not go there.
1	Sad to be called fattoush, filthy, dirty, worst food ever had in 17 countries and 32 states.do not do it do not go there. If you do not believe me go and find out,Mediterranean food and you have to ask for pita, oh sorry sticky pita and you might get one for four people,  just like  having a  pizza without the dough
2	Wish I could say more about this place because I live so close! BUT of the items I've had during 2 visits: lentil soup, house salad, feta pita, hummus, baba ganoush, shawarma, tabouli, falafel...ALL MEDIOCRE. Shawarma was not authentic it was a shredded up beef steak. The dips tasted like they could a been from a can. Its inexpensive but disappointing. Prob won't go back.
