4	The Arts District is alive and growing as evidenced by the grand opening of the Art Square Theatre on Friday, September 21, 2012.  The theatre is a 99 seat black box.  Seating for this production was on two sides facing a raised stage that was on a diagonal to the seating set up which gave great line of sight to everyone.  Up the hall are bathrooms, so the place is a great venue and they have a super lineup of shows planned for this inaugural season.There is plenty of parking even for a Saturday night behind the theatre.  Across the hallway from the theatre is an entrance to the Artifice Bar and Lounge--nice for having drinks before or after a show.The first show being done is called "Nurture." It's a witty play filled with lots of good laughs.  It also provokes a lot of thought.  The play was the winner of the 2012 Sin City New Play Contest, an award well deserved!  The acting was superb!!Las Vegans, put down the remote, buy a ticket online and have it on your smart phone so you don't need to worry about printing tickets or forgetting them.  Get out and support the arts in Las Vegas.  This theatre and company deserve your support!
5	I must say how surprising it is to walk into this space every show and see the transformation that takes place in such an intimate setting. New to the Las Vegas community, I find myself drawn to the arts and this place is my new favorite spot. Its' a rather small theatre located in the Arts Square and reminds me a bit of Narnia. I mean, you just see a door but whats behind the door is where the magic happens. All of the shows this season have been quirky with some dark twists to them which sets them apart. Its nice to see a show that isn't predictable and stereotypical. The actors, directors, and tech crews all do their jobs bringing a good story to life. The prices are great for Las Vegas tickets and there is a fun bar right next door called the Artifice that gives you an opportunity to grab some wine or a cocktail to bring in with you. All in all if you are looking for a date night place or just want to check out a great quality production I reccomend the Cockroach Theatre!
5	Just saw "Death of a Salesman" and it was very good. The theatre is small but very nice. I thought they did an excellent job with casting and the sets. Great job by the lighting crew as well. I was actually late, but it was easy to check in and pay for tickets. The staff was very friendly and helpful with any questions that I had. I can't wait to go back for another performance. In case you aren't sure where it's located.  The theatre is right behind The Artiface (in fact they had the door open so that you could go in between the two during intermission. This makes it within walking distance of Bar+Bistro, so it's easy to have dinner before or after.
5	Walking into this theater for the first time brought me back several lifetimes ago, to the New York I knew, and that New York was filled with many Off-Off-Broadway adventures, some wonderful, some ho-hum, and some just unbearably boring.  But the hallmark of all of them was the impossibly tiny theater, often seating no more than a dozen people.  And sometimes, even the concept of the word "seat" was loosely defined. Occasionally, those productions begat greatness - "A Soldier's Play," whose original cast included Adolph Caesar as Sergeant Waters, Denzel Washington as Private Peterson, Samuel L. Jackson as Private Louis Henson - went on to become the acclaimed "A Soldier's Story."  Cockroach Theater evoked that same feeling of electricity.  But this time, the seats were comfortable, though the elbow room was a bit evocative of a coach airline seat.  With only three or four rows of seats, it's an intimate experience that has the viewer so close to the action that it's hard not to be woven into the story.  We were there to see "The Chalk Boy," and all four of us were all impressed with the set, lighting, background music, story, and most compelling, the high quality of the acting.  Each of the four actors, two of whom played multiple parts, were consummately polished and professional.The theater is a true gem in the evolving Downtown scene, and I wish it a long and successful life.  I can't wait to go back.
4	Not in the best location, but it adds to the place. Go see what the "real" Las Vegas has to offer. Immerse yourself into  some ART.
5	I can only speak to the one production we saw, "Corner of Hacienda."  It was an original and it was excellent!  The space is very intimate, with the actors just a few feet away.  No bad seats in this very small theatre.  What impressed us most was how the time flew. Before seeing this show, I thought the 2- to 3-hour production should be dead and buried, our attention spans minimized by our steady diet of rapid-fire television shows and movies.  But this show kept my attention from beginning beyond the end as we discussed it on the way home.  I will definitely attend another production at Cockroach theater.
4	Last night was my first visit to the Art Square Theatre and it will not be my last! It is small and intimate, it is situated in the Arts District so one has the opportunity to browse around before and after. There are several bars nearby and of course the eateries. Because the venue is so small, and the seating is not reserved I suggest you arrive early if you would like to sit together. We were fortunate to be a party of 3 and we were ready to sit separately and the other patrons offered to move and make room, that is community! What a gem and I look forward to returning!
4	Small theater, interesting set-up, nice staging, good directing, and good acting.  Just saw "No Exit" and was very happy.  I thought the seating process was a little to campy, especially as an introduction into the existentialist drama by Sartre, but that is just a minor detail.  A culture filled night at a price only slightly more that the movies.  Plus the setting in the Arts District makes for a wonderful night out.
