5	Located at Woodlawn & Park Road just under Jason's Deli.  Great sandwiches and wraps for lunch and nightly dinner specials.  Kudos to Hef's for being open on Sundays when the restaurants across the street at Park Road Shopping Center are closed.  People gotta eat every day of the week!I would call it an upscale neighborhood pub.  Service can be slow when they're really busy on Friday and Saturday nights.  But that's not the time to go if you want lunch or dinner in a friendly "Cheers" type atmosphere.  Also, FYI, these guys are not affiliated with Hugh Hefner and Playboy in any way.  It's a straight up bar and grill.
3	I stopped here yesterday with Joel to grab some dinner.[+]Food. My chipotle burger was thick and delicious, and so were the fries. Interesting to note that they won't cook your burger past Medium, so be comfortable with some pink.Atmosphere. Relatively small interior and dark red wallpaper with black flourishes worthy of a comment.[ - ]Location. Seems an odd place for a 'bar.' It's off the street and surrounded by tamer chain stores.Price. The majority of the menu is 8.95. I got a burger and despite it being delicious, include two beers and it's a 14 dollar meal.Service. My food came back exactly as I ordered it, almost.
3	The snob in me has a prejudice against any bar a in strip malls, but I ignore that bias often because Hef's serves food late and my friends seem to like going there after they get out of working the late shift. It's usually not very crowded, but still very smoky. I'll have to try it for dinner to get a different perspective.
4	You know what.  I dig Hef's. I visit ChArlotte a lot for business and this place delivers well on the friendly bartenders, good bar grub and some arcade machines to keep me busy. Is this the place to satisfy your foodies desires, no. But when I miss my local bars back in Minneapolis where I curl up with a beer and a City Pages, I go to Hefs (when in CLT please replace "city pages" with "creative loafing."). The only thing I don't dig is the top 40 pop rock music, but hey dirty hipsters speaking, it's my job to disapprove of music.
4	I have been frequenting Hef's since their opening night. I almost always find myself satisfied. The place is rarely crowded during the day. The staff is very laid back and generally friendly. One thing I have noticed is they must have a subscription to like ESPN6 because there always seems to be some offbeat sporting event on their TV's. I have always enjoyed my food there. Yes, always. They have a good burger, excellent turkey club... yeah it's not a complicated menu but they get it right. There's not much to the salad if you get it as a side so I'd probably opt for the fries or pay extra for the mixed veggies. I haven't had the wings in a while but those were pretty good too.Unfortunately, as of January 2010 they no longer do lunch hours. I told you it was never crowded in there so I guess that's what happens. That kind of sucks.My one gripe? They're charging in the 8 to 9 dollar range for many of their sandwiches. I have no problem with the price because it's quality. But for God's sake, their house ketchup tastes terrible. If I'm paying top dollar for a good sandwich, can I get a decent ketchup for the burger or fries? It's like having Marilyn Monroe as a model and dressing her in parachute pants. C'mon Hef's, you've gotta do better than that.
5	I love this place so much for many different reasons.  I have been a regular since almost the beginning.  Now I almost always get the Turkey Club sandwich which is to die for.  Most sandwich bar and grill places don't use such fresh ingredients.  The bread they use for their sandwiches and burgers are soft and just perfect.  They can be toasted for those who prefer toasted bread.My girlfriend always usually gets the veggi pita, it comes with a dill sauce that is to die for.  Now if you go here you have to try the fries.  They are some of the best fries I have ever had.  The fries are made from yukon gold potatoes, fried to perfection.  I have never got greasy, overcooked, or under cooked fries here.  I usually am not a fan of large wedge shape fries but I make an exception for these.As far as the atmosphere goes it is great for that small bar feel.  There is outdoor sitting, which usually has music outside on weekends.  The bar is small and does allow smoking for those that don't like to be around smoke might want to sit outside.  I love the staff there for so many reasons.  You feel like they aren't trying to just get a good tip but to actually be generally kind to people.  If you don't know what you want they will definitely offer honest and great options to choose from.  They have even given me free concert tickets once.  Like I said I go there a lot.  I haven't eaten at the bar or got many drinks here, but I heard the bar area is great to enjoy.As far as price goes for bar food they might be a dollar to 2 more than most but I say well worth it.
4	I really like hef's. I wouldnt call it a hole in the wall because it is a very nice place but it is almost a whole in the wall because of its location. It is set in a corner of a shopping center on park road. I really enjoy going there during happy hour as they have some killer deals.
4	The only reason I'm not giving Hef's 5 stars is because I've only come during happy hour and I've only ever ordered the chicken wings and oysters. And know what? That's all I really want. I'm satisfied. The wings are freshly, perfectly fried, not greasy, and come slathered in barbelo sauce--a mixture of barbecue and buffalo that's sweet with a solid kick of heat. Since they're only .30 cents a pop (and oysters .50) during happy hour, you can come here with your buds and get it on, drinks and all, for around $10 including tip! Plus, they have one of the most famous servers in Charlotte and gorgeous burgundy velvet flocked wallpaper. Hmmm. Think I'm going to add that fifth star now.
5	Love this place!  Good food - yummy burgers and wraps, cheap beer, and I've never had to wait for a seat.
5	I love Hef's! Great small bar, wonderful service, and great food. Everyone is always smiling and I have never seen a frustrated customer. It is a great place for happy hour!
4	I don't think I had the normal experience here.  I walked in with a fellow yelper hearing about how awesome this place was and I wasn't disappointed, but not really sure what the deal is.I stumbled in after a very long day just looking for that Bell's 2 hearted on draft, and I got one very quickly.  I then decided to walk to the bathroom to do what I needed to do, when I saw a guy videotaping an extremely wasted and out of place looking asian guy kinda peeing on himself.  I started to ask questions but eventually just walked away.  I went back a few minutes later to find a "jugalette"(female ICP fan), guarding the men's bathroom for one of her friends.  This all seemed so out of place, but its what happened.I was tired and not expecting much but I got a show whether I liked or not.  Don't expect the same as this place probably does not see this crowd often.I will be back to try those tasty wings I smelled, and to have more than one strange but great beer.
5	I went into Hef's last night and had a wonderful time.  Amy was our server and she was wonderful.  She took our order efficiently and very courteously.  At no time did we have to go looking for her.  She made sure our needs were taking care of.  When we completed our order, she did it with a smile and was very bubbly in attitude.  Our food arrived in a reasonable time and well cooked well.  The food was excellent.  The fries were whole cut potatoes and fresh not frozen.  Amy is what good customer service is about.  She was attentive, courteous, with a positive attitude and made sure you were welcome to be there.  She really liked working there.  I would recommend anyone to go to Hef's Bar and Grill.  Don't forget to ask for the artichoke dip.  It is really yummy.
4	We had never been to Hef's despite 3 years of frequenting the Park Rd shopping area. We've now gone twice in the past month. Why??? First they got us in there with an Entertainment Book coupon for buy 1, get 1 dinner. Sweet. Then at that first visit, they gave us each a VIP card to come back for a free beer every time we visit after 10 PM (in December 2011, you can get your free drink any time of day!). So of course we came back for our free beers. The free drink doesn't even have to be a Bud Light or cheap domestic beer, you get to pick one at the time you get your card, so we both got a free Highland Gaelic Ale. Not too shabby. Combine that with their Happy Hour (until 7 pm) 40 cent wings or cocktail shrimp and you've got more than enough reason to go check it out. Their wings were pretty good, surprisingly meaty. Not a huge beer selection, maybe 6 on tap (also had magic hat and southern tier ipa at the time). Seems like every day they have some sort of drink specials. i feel like i'm making this up now that i am typing this, but i swear i saw some sort of frozen drink machines in there. Hef's is a pretty small with only about 8 tables and a bar, but it seems like a fun place. We had different girls waiting on us each time and both times they were friendly and actually seemed to be enjoying their job.Almost forget to mention that the first meals we had were both excellent. i had the Smokin' Brunette (chicken breast ,Apple wood-smoked Bacon, Cucumber, Fresh Mozzarella, Lettuce, Tomato, and honey mustard Dressing on a warm Croissant) which was very filling and delicious. The buffalo chicken sandwich at the table was very good, not as spicy as i like it though.  If you're like me and appreciate a free drink just for stopping by, you better check out Hef's.
4	$5 for a key chain where you get 1 free beer a night?  HELL TO THE YEAH YEAH! I usually only come here during the week ( okay once a week after bowling), but the free beer lures me in.  The bartender is awesome, such a great personality and is always available.  The food here is actually pretty decent as well.  This place has one of the best buffalo chicken wraps I have ever had and the fries are decent.  The only thing that takes a way is that it is usually a very young crowd.  When I get there around 11:30 it is usually whiteboy wasted 21 yr olds who are obnoxious.  It doesn't bother me that much, but it may bother some.  Needless to say, this is my new go to spot for some food and a beer during the week when I am in the area.
4	My husband and I always enjoy Hef's. The atmosphere is cozy, yet usually hopping and exciting. The clientele is usually quite diverse. Their fried tomatoes are delicious and the drinks are good. Great neighborhood bar.
4	Been the Hef's a few times. Always get pretty good, friendly service. I love the oysters even though I did get one bad batch(it was out of season so you take your chances) Drink specials are wallet friendly and the crowd is generally local and lively. Quite a few options on the menu to play around with if you are easily bored.
1	World's smallest bar! I kept seeing Hef's and was excited to finally go there. Total let down. The staff was friendly but the drinks just weren't good. The couple next to us kept raving about how much they loved Hef's so I really wanted to love it too, but it just fell short. I did not use to bathroom, but my guy friend did. It's bad when I dude come back from the bathroom and says "Call the CDC. We should geet out of here".
3	There's always a varied crowd at Hef's and it's never packed so it's a great place to just chill.  The drink specials and happy hour specials are unbeatable. 50 cent oysters are great. (I think the special runs Sun - Fri 4 - 7pm)and Wed night is half priced wine night.
4	Love this place. You get great service. I been coming here for over a year. Their wings and nachos are soooo good. The music selection is good. The patio area is well layed out and comfortable.
4	The first time I noticed Hef's was YEARS ago. There was a sign outside advertising their happy hour oyster, wings and shrimp. I meant to go back to try the crazy cheap specials, but slowly forgot all about Hef's through the years.Recently, I had an oyster craving and Hef's came to mind. I was able to stop by and luckily, they STILL have the same specials! The prices went up a little bit, but are still reasonable. Oysters (cooked/raw), wings (mild/hot/barbalo) and shrimp (grilled/raw) are all $.60 each. For $.60, the oysters are pretty fresh and decent in size. Although the size does vary by season, the overall quality is pretty good. If you're not much of an oyster fan, the Barbalo wings are to die for! What is Barbalo, you ask? It is a mix of buffalo and BBQ wings of course (which sounded amazing, which it amazingly was!) The wings are drenched in this dark redish/brown sauce (Barbalo sauce I presume) and still retains its crunchy texture. All wings are made fresh to order! I'm not much of a shrimp fan, but maybe you can try and let me know if I'm missing out.The perfect complement to my meal was a quaint space with a lit fountain for outside seating. Charlotte is slowly warming up and it was a beautiful day to enjoy the fresh air (even the pollen was low that day!)
4	Awesome service, terrible oysters, amazing grilled shrimp old bay sauce wrap.  Stiff cocktails. 4-1=4 stars.
4	Great happy hour specials with shrimp, oysters, and wings many different ways.They also have some great frozen drink specials.  It's nice sitting in their patio and people watching.
3	Came here a couple of times with buddies during happy hour. It's a bit smaller than I expected. We sat at the bar and had some nachos and wings. They were pretty good.They have very good drink specials at happy hour. Service is pretty good and they have some tvs too.I haven't been here at night, but I imagine it gets lively.Overall it's not bad, and if you're looking to drink or eat on the cheap, come here for their happy hour specials. And I wouldn't mind coming back. But I think I'd prefer the many other bar/restaurant options around (I.e. duckworths or the many options off Montfort)
5	Best wings in Charlotte!  Best drink specials!  and hands down some really great service.   I recommend the 4-7 specials every day.
4	Great staff, yummy sandwiches, and awesome drink specials! I hope I can make it in during their happy hour for the cheap and delicious shrimps. I split a fried shrimp wrap and the brunette sandwich with a friend and both were very good! Two thumbs up :)
5	My husband and I just had an awesome meal at Hef's and had a great time. Great food (although, the oysters had a little more grit than I like). The cocktail shrimp were so great and the wings were perfect. They have awesome happy hour food specials every day, and good looking drink specials. The bartender who was there at the time, Bobby, was very attentive and on point with refills. It is a small place so get here early. But otherwise, Hef's is going to be a regular spot for us!
3	I hope the guy that made their website was drunk off their beer specials.Went there for a karaoke night and it's not the best venue for something like that. The karaoke guy had the words on the TV behind the singer so everyone was turned around.
