5	I bought a wedding dress online because I couldn't seem to find what I was looking for in a stores. Wedding dress nightmare... I wanted a classic timeless wedding dress. I brought my dress in to get alterations done and some touches that the dress was lacking. My dress was done within a month of dropping it off which was perfect, being that I am getting married on August 8th... When I went to pick up my dress I was speechless. I couldn't believe how amazing it looked and how quickly she got my dress done. Finally after a long search my wedding dress was complete and she paid attention to everything I asked for and wanted. Nina did such an amazing job!!!! Words can't describe how grateful I am to her services. I recommend anyone and everyone to go to her. I finally felt like a bride and that my wedding day was now going to be amazing.   Thank you so much for your great customer service and amazing skills....
5	My wife and I have used this tailors for years, however we have had our most impressive experience with them a couple days ago. My wife has a baby blanket that was her mothers from when she was a baby.  She washed it one day to use for our babies, and the washing machine completely shredded the delicate silk border around the edges....needless to say, she was quite upset.She took it to Celebrity Tailors and they completely repaired it....like, brand new repaired it!!They are always so nice and have a very quick turn around....we do not go anywhere else!! Thank you Celebrity Tailors!!
4	I'm pleased with my experience here. They altered my wedding gown which was an extremely delicate chiffon beaded gown by Tadashi Shoji. Its pricey, but the craftsmanship is excellent  and that might be worth the peace of mind. Its run by a husband and wife and they could not be nicer people. My only complaint is that they are soooo far from where I live!
1	I went Celebrity Tailors in las vegas on flamingo and got one of the worst customer service I have ever gotten. The two people I worked with were a man and a women didn't get their name because they never introduced themselves manners at all! The lady who fit me seemed nice and quiet and some what polite. So we went over what I wanted to do with the dress and I asked for pricing and she said" I'll tell you after we are all done". So after we got done she went to a scratch piece of paper and started to write down some numbers and figure how much it would be .so  I went to take off the dress . When I came out I asked "how much are we looking at?" and she said "900" my mouth just dropped that's way out of my budget!. As soon as i said that she was very upset and her mood and attitude just changed for the worse. Then her husband came over and was just pushy ,rude, and just disrespectful. I told him I would have to think about it and get back to him because 900 was way to much! Let's just say after that he sat his fat ass down and no one helped me take the pins out or say "thank you for coming"  Really? what if I just needed to go home so I can look at my budget and make some adjustments. I will never,never,never go back to that place. If there place of business was doing so well why does it look so dirty and sloppy. Clean up your shop because your place of business looks like pigs work there. Horrible customer service.I will keep writing bad reviews horrible people
5	I was in a huge bind, I had purchased a "Mother of the Bride" Dress online which arrived two days before I needed to leave out of town.  The dress was way to big in the bodes which needed tobe taken in and the dress was way to long so the dress needed to be hemmed.  The dress was chiffon overlay and the skirt portion was satin fully lined and  the dress was extremely heavy to maneuver by myself as I am handicapped.  I spoke with Nina, and at first she was telling me there was no way she could help me she was terribly busy.  I believe she heard panic in my voice she told me to bring it to her.  Needless to say I was extremely happy with her work.  Her husband and her mother both work there they are all wonderful people to do business with, I can not say enough good things about Celebrity Tailors Alterations, I will certainly be using them again.
5	So happy with the work done on my wedding dress. I bought my wedding dress from a small boutique that was way out of my price range, so I purchased the one off the rack that was a little to big in the chest and waist. When I went for my first fitting it fit perfect, and you could not see that any work had been done. I asked if she had any sashes or belts to add a bit of bling to my dress and being a bit picky did not want it to tie in the back or to have the sash show at all and she said she would figure something out. And she did it looks amazing exactly what I wanted but better. Ahe matched the fabric perfect. And had the belt done in less then a week.I found the customer service to be great.  Nina was very kind.
4	I got my wedding dress altered here and they did an amazing job! I originally bought my dress at David's Bridal and took it to Celebrity Tailors just to get it fitted, but we ended making some other changes that made the dress look even better than it did before. The woman who does the alterations was very nice and knew exactly what to do to make my dress look beautiful. My only downside is that it was very expensive, the alterations ended costing more than the dress itself (350 for the dress, 450 for the alterations), but I'm super happy with how the dress came out and am really glad I came here to get it altered. I'd definitely recommend this place if you buy a dress that isn't super expensive and have them fix it up for you to make it better! The woman who runs the shop seems very knowledgable and knows what she's doing, so I understand the high price for the fantastic service.
1	WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE!!I experienced the worst customer service I have ever had at Celebrity Tailor. I made an appointment for a wedding dress fitting, I also arranged for a close friend to come with me so she could see the dress. I had to pick a particular day and time to work around her schedule because she has 3 children, and I also made arrangements to leave work early on this particular day.  When I arrived I was informed that my appointment was cancelled due to a "celebrity" emergency and they did not call to tell me because they did not have my number which I informed the guy no one asked that information when I made the appointment. The guy said they handle "all the celebrities in Vegas", the way he kept saying "celebrity" and how they did not have a choice made me feel like a second class citizen because I was not a "celebrity".He then proceeds to offer to not charge me the $50 dress fitting which I would never be charged in the first place if I had "Celebrity" Tailor do my alterations. When I presented the fact of how ridiculous that offer was due to the huge inconvenience they had caused me and the fact I would not be charged a fee anyway, I was informed I could take my business elsewhere. So not only did they insult me by the fact that they cancelled my appointment to handle a "celebrity" they also offered 0 accommodations to fix it. Unless you are a "celebrity" I would take my buisness elsewhere, which I did.
