4	I haven't been to Embo deli in a while, but thinking about their delicious wraps and sarnies makes me want to go right now. Offering a sit in option in fresh modern surroundings or take away if you're in a bit of a rush, Embo is a great place to grab breakfast, lunch or just a quick snack.The menu is devilishly good making it hard to make a decision of what to go for. They have an excellent selection of sandwiches and wraps with so many fresh, delicious fillings to choose from. In addition to this they also offer soups, antipasti and an excellent vegetarian range including my favourite Baba Ganoush.  The prices are reasonable and the staff have always been friendly on my visits whether I've been sitting in or taking away. An excellent choice if you're looking for a bite to eat in the area. Thumbs up!
5	Unfortunately I work next door to this deli. It's starting to cost me a fortune even though I get a neighbours discount!I'm addicted to the Mocha with hazelnut syrup and am trying to wean myself of them these days with just plain coffees but I'm still drawn in by the smell of those freshly made wraps and knowing how tasty they are it's hard to resist.Damn you Mike and your friendly atmosphere, fresh and tasty food and addictive coffee's.
5	Note to anyone who is reading this and thinking I have never heard/seen this place before........ check. it. out! I ended up here after a wee stroll round town this Saturday afternoon, now this place does have only a few seats so I wasn't expecting to get one, but I got a lovely stool by the window to watch the world go by.Main reason I am rating this place, the salads........ YUMMERS. I had a hot smoked trout, crayfish, creme fraiche and salsa salad, man alive was it heaven for my belly! Plus they are not stingy with the fish, which I was half expecting as it was only a fiver which seemed very reasonable. Another reason..... everywhere these days seems to do paninis, not that I have anything against that whatsoever, but it was nice to see something different. Instead of your usual toasted panini, they do toasted wraps, with a selection that sound devine! And I would imagine you can mix it up a little and choose your own. Service was good, friendly and efficient. Nice, interesting interior, free newspapers and they have a specials board, always a bonus. I already have my eye on a toasted wrap with parma ham, mozzarella and pesto for next time!
2	Embo didn't float my boat. It has a lot of competition from nearby places, particularly on Broughton Street, that offer higher quality for less money, so it isn't on my list of places for a repeat visit.Overall, we said: "Embo didn't quite hit the mark, for me. I like their ideas, but the balance of the dishes isn't quite there, and I don't think that the quality on offer justifies the significantly higher price-tag than some of the similar offerings from their near neighbours. It strikes me more as a place to sit-in for a relaxing hour (the side salad that comes with their wraps when you sit-in looked quite impressive), rather than grab a quick take-out."
4	Embo is my standard lunch option when I am uninspired by anywhere else... it is a short walk from my flat, and on a sunny day the few tables outside are in a great wee sun trap where you can watch the often colourful characters of Leith walk wander by! The owner goes out of his way to please, and never without a smile.  I am always interested to see what local artist is showing their work in the cafe, and if they took card payment I may have spent a small fortune by now... :-)I highly recommend the halloumi & chorizo salad ... *drools*.  So, give it a go and tell him you read about wee Embo on the inter-web... he'll be well-impressed! :-D  Enjoy!#IndependentEdinburgh
