5	Ladies and Gentlemen... the Bitch *is* Back!Last night I was one of the lucky 4,000 or so people to see the preview to Elton John's Million Dollar Piano that opens to the public tonight.In a word? AMAZING.Energetic, visually and aurally entertaining, and edge-of-your-seat-dancing all night long. He started promptly at 7:30pm and played past 9:30pm. The segues were perfect, the tone changes were fluid, and the entire experience was well orchestrated. He was funny, engaging, humble, and appeared to genuinely embrace Las Vegas, the new show, and his fans. Singing, a little dancing, amazing work at the keys, and always with a smile and a sense of humor, grace, and gratefulness. At one point, a velvet rope was brought on stage and a group from the audience was allowed up during one of the songs.The general layout of the show is (I am told, I didn't see it) the same as the Red Piano - awesome set, stunning projections behind the stage, and, of course, glittery goodness in his own clothes and those of his backup singers (including 2 members of Sly and the Family Stone!).The piano - THE Million Dollar Piano - is beautiful. Everyone is very mum on the subject of the piano and what was done to explain its cost, but it was a 4-year endeavor between John and Yamaha and is custom-built from the ground up. The outside includes a LCD screen that sometimes plays something along with the tempo of the music and others plays something that fits the theme of the music or song.Young or old, a fan of the man or just able to sing along with some of his songs... this is a show for everyone. I thoroughly enjoyed the experience, shared many rounds of applause, squeals, squee moments, and tears.
4	We saw the show on Sunday evening - fantastic 3rd row seats.  The song set is excellent, Elton's energy shows, I would never use the word humble in describing him - he loved every minute of it and encouraged the audience to appreciate him.  The video graphics were for the most part excellent.  The overall stage design given what is out in the world was underwhelming.  Even though Elton rotates on this stage with other headliners - it could have been a lot better IMO.  The million dollar Piano - you be the judge - Yamaha received a 1,000,000 in PR.  Elton's command of the keyboard seems to grow with time - so it really didn't matter what the piano cost.The band and singers - nothing short of fantastic.  Elton's costumes - won't ruin it - but not much to ruin - quite dated. He really could do a lot better.It's a wonderful show fan or not.  I was lucky enough to see him at Doug Westons's Troubador (those were great years with so many legends)  all those years ago - and he did pay homage to those days.
5	I saw this *again* a few weeks ago. I loved it so much the first time, we paid a good sum to go again... and it was worth it. This time we sat in the orchestra seating and had a much better view of the whole stage and show.I have read that people are disappointed in his less-than-flamboyant clothing... but I have to say that is still the only thing missing. The staging, the piano, and his command of the show - from start to finish - are engaging, exciting, and worthy of all that the show commands. The video complements areI cannot be certain as I didn't write it down each time, but I think the song set was changed up a little. That was awesome to discover because, as a Vegas local, I like to repeat shows and find something new when I see them. It keeps me interested and, I can admit it, wanting to go back again.See the show, take a loved one or just one who loves the music. Completely repeatable; I definitely see a third run in my future. ;)
3	It was fun. The piano wasn't as special as I thought it would be. I actually preferred the red piano.
4	Second time seeing Elton, would have been a third time but he cancelled last time the night of the show. We saw him on 10/13. First thing we noticed was that the crowd wasn't nearly as hot as last time. The clapping died down rather quickly, sometimes before he even sat back down at the piano. Last year, the crowd wouldn't shut up, so it was a bit of a change. Elton is an icon and that's why you go to see him. He sounds great, puts on a good show, and you know you are apart of history when you see him. You sense he really enjoys what he is doing and his stage presence is great. Everyone should see him at least once!Being an Elton fan, I like his music. But be warned, he's never played Candle in the Wind (I am aware why), Sacrifice, Sad Songs Say So Much, a full version of Daniel, Sorry Seems to be the Hardest Word...and many others. His set list is good, but he should vary it on occasion otherwise I would give five stars. I will probably see him again next year...
4	If I had to present myself as an expert on any subject, reviewing Elton in Caesars is a definite expertise.  Whether you're a veteran fan or a curious newbie, you've come to the right opinion place.  This is the easiest review I'll ever write.If you're a curious newbie, in that you enjoy Elton's hits but still haven't managed to see him these last five decades -- GO NOW!  One of these days he might finally say THAT'S THAT and you'd hate yourself for having missed him.  He's 67 and I think even Sir Elton might feel 70 years old is pushing it, right?So on the age thing you fear he's too old to rock maybe.  Nope.  Just saw this show and somehow his voice was better than the Red Piano show, his prior extravaganza at Caesars Palace.  And so, please, if you're tempted -- splurge on some solid seats and do this.  You'll be happy you did.Suppose you're a veteran fan, however.  As in you've seen him once or twice or more before, and/or you've seen the Red Piano and doubt you need to see him YET again.  That's where I was frankly.  I couldn't believe the Red Piano could be topped ---- and I was right.  Red Piano is a five star event, where Million Dollar Piano is a four star tour date.  Where Red spent a fortune on visuals and sets, Million didn't... despite it's piano bragging rights.  I've heard somewhere that Elton uses computer screensavers as backgrounds... as in... the visuals you sometimes see weren't even created for this show.  If that's true, it shows.  If it isn't, it feels true.  If you've seen Million but not Red, remember the fantastic visuals during Philadelphia Freedom?  That's how ALL of Red felt:  big, bombastic, fun.  Million is a little more sedated and serious.  My partner in crime suspects Elton wanted to be more of the center of attention this time, and I can understand that.  Imagine being Elton and you sense half your audience is watching a giant TV behind you.  It would be weird, right?So veterans know that the playlist is similar to Red Piano, but with some interesting changes.  I don't want to give them away and so I'll say there's one song that Elton played he typically doesn't like playing.  Not Candle In The Wind, by the by.  I'd never seen it live and it fit... especially so close to the Mirage (wink).  There were also two songs included specifically for the legendary percussionist Ray Cooper.If I may be picky here, the longer Ray Cooper bit is a song I've never liked.  It's akin to Mad Men Across The Water... but nowhere near as good.  It was included for thematic reasons, but even so, I'd swap it out for something better.  The song that occurred to me (which could sort of be on the same subject) is LIVE LIKE HORSES.  That would be a superior choice because Elton could have done the duet with a visual of Pavoratti.  (If you have no idea what I'm talking about, go drop a visit to YouTube.  It's a stunning unheard single.)  One other song that I believe was a misstep was Circle Of Life.  I'm spoiling this because it simply shouldn't be the last song of any Elton John concert.  The lyrics weren't written by Taupin and the tone isn't quite Elton.  It comes off like a cover song somehow and that's fine in the middle of the show but not as the finale.  Elton should have been brave enough to do his new single HOME AGAIN... with that majestic music video playing in the background.  Maybe have it lead into SKYLINE PIGEON and call it a day... and a blessed career.One thing you should know:  I've never seen a show where half the floor stands in ovation at the end of every song.  I'm not kidding.  That says something.
4	What a great show! Elton delivers with his amazing voice and sparkly wardrobe! He came out in a cape and ended the show with the first few rows on stage with him.His voice was amazing and he sang all the well known songs except Candle in the Wind. The set was beautiful and very fitting as well.
5	Suddenly the familiar guitar intro from "The Bitch Is Back"  churns the air.  The lights come up and Sir Elton John struts out on stage.  He mouths a thank you and quickly sits down to finish out the song.  There's a brief pause to say hello and thank you for coming and then he hits the first chord of "Bennie and the Jets".  Everybody in the house is on their feet and cheering.  Another Elton John concert has begun and it's a damn good one too.Goodbye Yellow Brick Road, Philadelphia Freedom, Your Song, Rocket Man, Levon, I'm Still Standing...they were all there.  Elton John also includes Empty Garden - one of his best ever, his tribute to John Lennon.  Elton John gives you your money's worth with a full two hours of music, banter and insights into his songwriting with Bernie Taupin.  The stage is impressive too in a typically Elton John over the top way.  Add in some excellent background videos to keep things interesting.  There's something going on at all times.  His band is also in top form.  They've been playing with Elton John for decades and they all come together seamlessly.  Ray Cooper on percussion is particularly entertaining.There's so much I could say and I could go on and on.  Whether you love him or hate him, Sir Elton John is an icon.  He's one of the greatest showmen on earth and he's still at the top of his game.Simply said:  The man puts on a damn good show and I had a great time.
