5	My husband and I have bought rings and a necklace here.  This is hands down the nicest jewelry store in the area. You won't get low-quality, cheap, overpriced diamonds here like at some other overly hyped jewelry stores in town. The best feature of this store is their no-questions-asked lifetime warranty. Lose a diamond? Bam, new one for free. Need your white gold jewelry re-rhodiumed? Bam, done in a week for free. Need your jewelry cleaned, bam, done in 5 minutes, for free. Need your ring re-sized because you broke your finger? They'll advise you to wait for 3 months because that's how long it takes your finger to fully heal, and then they'll resize it for free. They don't have sales because they don't need to have sales. You are paying for quality. They also offer payment plans where you get 6 months or a year (I can't remember the duration), free interest. Pay it off in the time allotted and you won't pay interest charges. They're a local business too and we all know how important it is to support local business!
5	they plated my wife's ring and polished it for minimal cost. Upon completion we picked it up and noticed that a diamond was missing. When we called them they did not question a thing, simply had us return to get a new diamond put in at no cost. Selection is great, service is stellar, and I will be there for each piece of jewelery i need moving foward.
5	My wife and I went into Kessler's to replace her engagement ring. We didn't make a purchase but were still satisfied by the help we received. Richard Kessler greeted us and cleaned my wife's current ring while a sales associate worked with us. I always swore I wouldn't shop at Kessler's because of my hatred for his radio commercials, but the atmosphere and attitude of Kesslers is far superior to The Diamond center or Jared.  We have yet to make a purchase there but plan to do so after the new year when we have time.
5	I purchased my engagement ring here and I have nothing but great things about this place. I worked with Brett S., who was fantastic. I made three separate visits to Kessler's before my final purchase. The first time I just sat down with Brett and we talked about diamonds for an hour. The 4 C's, what is important, what is not, the type of setting I was interested in, looked at several different stones under microscopes, etc. There was no guarantee of a sale at that point and Brett spent as much time with me as I wanted, just explaining all of my options. It was great, and after that, I felt 100% comfortable. I came back a second time to narrow down my options and again felt absolutely no pressure. When I finally made the purchase, I was confident I was getting a great diamond and a great ring. I got the ring appraised afterwards, and it was appraised for more than I purchased it. So to top it off, I got a great deal. The diamond sparkles and my fiance loves it. I highly, highly, recommend Kessler's. I drove from Chicago three times (upon a recommendation) to buy a ring there, and it was worth every minute.
3	You are the only game in town because we purchased my ring at Kessler's.  I used to really love Kessler's, but my last few trips there have been awful.1. I wanted to buy my mother a charm.  They did not know the price options on their jewelry.  Awkward?  It was a standard item.  2. They told me paladium was no longer a good metal.  As my ring is made out of it, I was concerned.  I asked why.  Response?  Nothing, just some mumbles about issues with it.  I asked what issues? No response, again.3. My white gold ring.  They had very few options with regards to wedding bands.  This one needs to get dipped so often.  And it always takes a week.  I just wish they had faster time options. There is just something about the staff there, I always feel uncomfortable around them.  I miss my Milwaukee area location.
1	I'm so disappointed in Kesslers customer service. I go here for any jewelry needs and have found this to be a place I could count on in the past. I'm getting married next week in Greece and noticed a few diamonds in my engagement ring were loose. I called and they said the on-site jeweler would be able to tighten the diamonds. When I took my ring in they said they wouldn't do it for me because I could come back if a different diamond fell out one day and they would have to replace it for me (but it wouldn't have anything to do with the diamonds they were currently fixing). This made no sense to me. So, basically, this man would not fix my ring because one day another diamond could hypothetically fall out? I told the man who was "helping" me that his excuse sounded like nonsense and seemed rather political. So instead they sent me out the door with my wedding coming up immediately and the threat of my diamonds falling out looming over my head, as if I need anything else to think about during this hugely important time in my life. "I'm Richard Kessler, and I want to be your jeweler...except for when you really need my help. In that case, I'm not interested." End of rant.
