5	Gregory at MP K9 Dog Training has been training our GSD Zorra for a few months and I have to say we could not be happier!  His professionalism and knowledge of dog training are exemplary.  We have recommended MP K9 to many for our neighbors and friends.  Thank you Gregory!
1	If you do not mind using negative reinforcement on your dog (i.e. shock collar) than MPK9 is for you.  The "Master Trainer" is or was associated with another GSD/CGC training facility called Goldstar.  Among many in the German Shepard Dog community, this is someone most would avoid.  Do your research as there are many good trainers in the Las Vegas Valley.  Watch out for the shilled reviews (reviews all posted on the same day).German Shepherd Advocate
5	After losing our American German Shepherd, we got a GERMAN German Shepherd. Big difference. Our Xephyr came from a line of very intelligent dogs, and to not allow her to use that intelligence would be a dishonor to her. Thankfully, we were given a business card for MP-K9 training. After calling and meeting with Greg, we decided on training her to be a service animal. Xephyr and I trained with Jaymi and he has been a fantastic teacher/trainer for BOTH of us. We have continued with the group classes which are such a bonus, and we learn something new at every class. MP-K9 will work with you to help you have a well trained, socialized canine and with that comes a lifelong relationship with you and your best friend. A well trained animal makes for a happy animal and a happier household. Best investment we have ever made!
5	My wife and I are retired seniors who sleep in separate bedrooms due to my wife's snoring (ok, maybe I am the one who snores, ha).  We live on the NW side of town (Centennial area) and our home was burglarized 2 months ago while we were home.  We immediately got two German Shepherd pups from California...they are brothers and were 3 months old. Our goal:  One dog to protect her wherever she is...a second dog to wake me up in the event we are burglarized again...the second dog should also be Protection Trained.A friend who lives in a compound guarded by dogs trained by Greg told us to go to him.  Greg started basic training a week after we brought the pups home....Heel, Sit, Down, Stay, Come.Last week, at age 5 months, Greg introduced them to a taste of Protective Training by controlled barking and running up to an intruder.  I don't think you usually do this training at such a young age, but the pups LOVE it.  And I asked Greg to introduce them to it a little earlier than you would normally due because I just could not wait to see what it would be like to have a Protection Dog...ha.Good on Greg for being flexible!  This morning's training was Excellent!  One of the pups bit Greg on command!  They are only 5 1/2 months old!  I was soooo impressed.  I can't wait until we get into the Protection Training Phase for real.In summary, Greg has delivered on everything he promised when we hired him.  If he starts "slipping', I will write another review reflecting my thoughts.  I urge others to write reviews because this is the best way to sort out the bad from the good trainers.  We love our dogs and want the best for them.  And that starts with responsible care and professional training.Feel free to email me with any questions you have...VegasFighterPilot (at) yahoo
5	Greg helped train me to train my dog.  The knowledge I've learned from Greg is priceless.  I was reluctant but decided anyways to get the full executive level dog training with Greg and was in complete surprise.  I was surprise how quickly I learned to teach my dog everything I've always wanted.  He is friendly and great to work with.  Do you have dog issues?  Call Greg at MPK9 and those issues will be of the past.
