4	This place is the essence of a great local business.  It's the highlight on the sparsely populated Water Street, a place I wish there were more enticing businesses (it's a great, walkable street).Inside, it's pleasantly packed with a variety of scented soaps and bath salts.  Do you love Nutella?  They have it in soap form.  Ever wanted gold flakes on your soap? They have that too.  The highlight for me, however, are the soaps shaped like cupcakes, doughnuts, tarts, and various other pastries.  There is some serious artistry at work there, they are amazing.For example, the soap "tarts" are topped with soap "raspberries" that are completely lifelike, detailed, and realistic.  The soap pastries are a bit pricey, however, around $12 a pop, but it seems worth it considering the amount of work put into each little masterpiece.  Also, each piece of soap is handcrafted in the store and the owner told me that they may open an area so customers can watch the process (the prospect of this excites me but I may be a very lame person).So, if you're sick of Bath and Body Works, or are just interested in supporting local businesses, check out Sweet Bubble Soap Cafe.
5	Amazing soaps. A creative, delightful spot that will entrance you. If the prices seem steep, remember everything is made by hand, and they have a pretty ample selection of clearance merchandise in the corner. I've got to say something special about their service here. It's friendly, efficient, and humble. They take great pride in their shop and my products were gently wrapped and sent home with me like the treasures they are. I've gotten too many compliments on their soap in my guest bathroom to mention.
5	Honestly, as much as I'd love to see Water St. turn into something great...it just isn't.....and Sweet Bubbles is too nice to be in such a location. I was happy to hear them focusing more on their TS location. The last time I visited, I encountered (if I remember correctly) a red-haired woman and she was kind and attentive. She was very knowledgable and explained many products in the store. I'm a big fan of their "butter balls" and the "cake" slices that are supposed to make bubbles in the bath tub. The bubbles they make are minimal and fizzle out quickly, but they make my bathroom smell amaaaaaaaazing for at least a week after use! I think there's only 2 colors they sell and I LOVE the pink one. The "butter balls" make my skin super soft and they're especially great for a foot spa. I'm actually surprised to read reviews about harsh skin reactions to these products. My skin is about as sensitive as it gets and I've never had a problem. This is definitely a must for (my husband's) Christmas shopping...he he he.
2	I was excited to have Sweet Bubble Soap come to my hometown of Houston in a market booth, so I could finally try out their products. I picked up and smelled one product, asked for the price and was sneered at and VERY rudely told that what I was holding came in a pack only. I was so taken back by her response, that I quickly removed myself from the products and left. Inexcusable. Bitterness and nastiness don't belong in sales. Pity.
5	This place is more than just a shop. It is an experience. This new location is great and the selection is also impressive. You feel like you have walked into the finest bakery... but it's a soap shop.  We always buy the mini bath bombs and the bars of soap.  I also have like the sugar scrub.  Totally worth the money.  Plus the packaging is cute too!
