5	I love this place!  The owner is as sweet as can be and really great with her customers both human and furry ;)  The groomer is awesome!  I have two Yorkie boys and every time I take them there they come home looking so adorable and most importantly they are not stressed out.  Great store with with really cute items for your fur baby and an amazing groomer!
1	10/2010 update - After going to OMD monthly for a year and a half, we're finding a new groomer.  Have to agree with Steph R's review because on my last visit, I dropped my dog at 11am, and Susan said he would be ready at 3pm. I arrived at 3:16pm to find that my dog had not even been started.  In fact, he was sitting in a cage shaking.  I waited in that store (fuming!) for another hour and 15 minutes, part of which included a fascinating conversation between Susan and Jackie's mother-in-law about Susan's bracelet and the MIL's "fabulous hair."  Not a care in the world when she was "running a little bit behind."  Jackie apologized later when I declined to leave a tip.  Susan, however, blamed me, saying there was no "out time" in her book.  This makes no sense because 1) I live 40 minutes away and don't just pop down there on a whim and 2) who leaves their dog there all day with no expected pick-up time?   I understand Saturdays get busy, but call your clients and let them know you're running behind.  And when you screw up, apologize and don't blame the customer.  Certainly don't take it out on the dogs.Jackie and Susan lost a customer and reference in me.**********************************************Oh My Dog! is a great little boutique with unique collars, pet items, and healthy dog cakes and cookies.  Susan, the groomer, and Jackie, the owner, are fabulous.  After having had a disastrous cut with another groomer, I called OMD! to see if they could fix my 6lb poodle's cut.  They fit him into their busy Saturday schedule and made him look adorable again.  Since then I'll only take my dog there, and Susan always does a great job.  I've gotten 2 dog birthday cakes there, and the dogs love them.  Jackie always has a treat for visiting dogs too!  Very nice, friendly people who are committed to a great experience for the dogs and their owners.
5	Jackie and the staff at OMG are amazing!!!She has the cutest small dog items ever! If you want to spoil your pup this is the place for you! She also has off site activities like Doga and Dine with your Dog. So you not only have a cool place to shop, you have fun things to do with your dog and a new friend:)I pet sit and recommend OMG to all my clients and they thank me after they visit the store! I also do dog rescue and Jackie has opened her store to homeless dogs and let me do dog adoption events. Jackie has a huge heart and I am so happy that OMG is in Old Town Scottsdale and a staple in the community:)Thanks for being awesome Jackie!
4	While Harley looks like a scruffy teddy bear who always needs a hair cut, he's really a diva dog inside. So, if he had his choice of retail, I'm pretty sure Oh My Dog would be at the top of his list. What I love about Oh My Dog is the variety they provide to dog owners. Rather than being an in and out store that I visit when I need dog treats, this store provides me with an experience for both owner and canine friend. I've been visiting OMD for several years and I love all the events they throw. My favorite event was a pet/owner scavenger hunt through the Waterfront shops, preceded by a dog trainer providing quick tips for obedient pooches. OMD isn't cheap and because of that, I'm not able to shop here as often as I like, but when i do I know Harley is getting the best of the best. The grooming salon is pet pampering to a tee and the owner herself has at least one dog which happens to be a very large and sassy poodle. It's great. So if you have a mut you adore, check out OMD. It's a great experience, the store has awesome products and the owner is thoughtful and creative which provides the customers with an all around good time.
5	OMG....I mean OMD!!!! I know most of these reviews refer to small, pretty, get dressed up in princess clothes dogs but I am here to tell you it's so much more!! Halo, my darling Malinios is 65 lbs of hiking, camping, playing in the dirt, barking at the mailman, etc. NOT primp and never let her feet touch the ground, as some pups are. (I'm not bashing those dogs either, its just not my lifestyle :) Needless to say, I always manage to find a plethora of goodies. Plus, Jacki (the fabulous owner) will special order anything you need. I came across bison bully sticks on a trip to CO, after looking everywhere for them, I finally asked Jac and about 7 days later, Halo was once again chewing her beloved bison bullies. If you have a couple extra bucks and choose to spend them on your pup, I'm telling you...spend them here!! Your dog will thank you.
5	What a great shop! I took my dog Nikki ( a Maltese) to Oh My Dog to get groomed this morning.  Not only am I highly satisfied with the way she turned out, but the care she was given while she was there!First, you have different options for grooming - you can either get a bath and cut or for $10 more you can get the works (nail trim, sanitary, whiting shampoo ect.)! For the past two years I have been taking her to a grooming chain and it costs about $65 per grooming to get the works. At Oh My Dog Nikki got the works for $40! What a steal! And you get a coupon if you are a first time customer! After she was groomed she wasn't put in a cage to wait all day for me to pick her up...if the dog is well behaved they let them walk around the store (the door is gated so they can't get out) and socialize with other dogs! I love knowing my dog is as happy as she can be after getting groomed. She almost didn't want to come home! The owner of the store is a very nice young woman. She knows her stuff! I felt very good about leaving Nikki there all day to get groomed and   I HIGHLY recommend Oh My Dog if you want your dog to have an excellent grooming experience!
3	Oh my ... you need to take some lesson's in customer service!  Before this review gets nasty and you become confused by my 3 star rating.  I must say that Ivan (The groomer) did an excellent job on my babies, exactly what I asked for.  Unfortunately, a good groomer does not make a good doggie salon!  When I walked into OMD, I was not greeted.  Instead I was pointed to the back of the store where it appeared to be the grooming area.  A female (groomer) was standing at the counter; she looked up at me, then my pups, and then continued to look at her book.  Still optimistic, I said, "Hi, my puppies are here for their appointment at noon".  I'm not kidding, her response was " You're not with me".  She obviously hasn't heard the... there's no I in team speech!  After standing there awkwardly for about a minute, she realized I wasn't going to help myself so she screamed back into another room, "Ivan, I think you have some poodles here".  Ivan came out and asked me several questions about exactly how I wanted them cut.  It was a little more specific then what I am used to (Something like: Stella gets a puppy cut, Guinness gets a Mohawk).  It actually made me worry about his experience.  As it turns out he was going to follow the instructions exactly, so the conversation was well worth it.  After poodles were in the room, I meandered around the store for a few minutes to see if there was anything that caught my eye.  Besides the price tags... nothing! It appears that they are more of a host for smaller boutique items brought in by outside vendors.  I mean $60+ for a dog collar is just not in the budget!I picked them up at the exact time we specified.  They were ready,  looked great and they seemed happy. Ivan had let them stay in the room with him and his dog so they didn't have to be kenneled.  Then it got weird.... I waited for nearly 20 minutes to check out (only 2 people ahead of me).  Meanwhile, Ivan was standing right there at the counter.  When it was my turn to pay, the cashier whispers "Did you want to leave gratuity for Ivan? I know it's weird, he always stands right there!" I don't mind leaving gratuity, but it was just uncomfortable with him being right there and she obviously felt a little awkward too.  All said and done, I paid about $25 more than I normally do for the same quality of cut, and worse service.  I probably won't be back.
1	The rating is based solely on the grooming service, the store itself is very cute and the sales people were always very professional. My boyfriend and I just moved to old town Scottsdale and we were searching for a pet groomer.  I stopped by the store on a whim and found the cutest collar for our girl Scottie so I figured why not try their grooming services for both our Scottish Terriers? The first time, we called and brought them in on the same day, we were told our groomer would be Susan.  We were very pleased that they were willing to squeeze us in at the last minute.  We explained what we wanted and were told to come back in a few hours. However, when we picked them up Susan was nowhere to be found.  The cut looked good so we just left the tip with one of the girls at counter and got in the car.  Once, we got home we noticed some blood on our wheaten Scottie's neck.  When we looked a little closer, we realized he had a deep cut on his neck from the groomers. It took about 2 weeks to fully heal but we figured he probably jerked his head when she was trying to groom his face.  I just found it odd that no one mentioned this to us when we picked them up.  It was a pretty bad cut and there is no way she wouldn't have noticed it when it happened.   But we figured mistakes happen, and they are so convenient to where we live that we would give them another try.  Similar the Steph R's experience, we made our appointment a week before for 8 am on a Saturday.  We arrived at 8:05 am and Susan was nowhere to be found.  There was a Hispanic man inside the store, that didn't speak a word of English but motioned for us to come in and he took their leashes.  We felt very uneasy and decided to go grab a bagel and come right back to check up on our pups.  We came back at 9 am and Susan was there.  The Hispanic man was washing our dogs and Susan just seemed to be standing around.  We explained that we felt uncomfortable with the situation and had come back to check on our pups.  She assured us they were in good hands.  We explained what we wanted, and asked when them would be ready.  She said 1 pm and that she would call as soon as they were done.  1 pm rolled around and no call, at 1:45 pm, my boyfriend called wondering if they were ready.  The groomer said that they were and to come get them.  Once, he brought them home, we immediately realized that she hadn't cut their skirts at all even though, we had specifically asked that she cut their skirts very short.  Also, she had cut one side of my girl Scottie's eyelashes but not the other side.  Needless to say, we will not be returning for a third visit.  I think Susan is a nice woman and means well but a manager needs to look the job she is doing and work on her customer service skills.  I very much hope that this review, will help the store improve their grooming services.
5	Ivan has done my two dogs for about six months now. One is half Maltese and half Shih-tzu and the other is a Lhasa. They always look great!!! I highly recommend him!
1	This poor review is specifically for the groomer Susan.  We brought our dog in at 11am and said to pick up the dog in 2 hours.  When I came back at almost 4pm she did not even start grooming her.  She said she will start on her asap and instead did a 20 minute haircut that looked horrible.  I left the store and will never go back to this groomer.
2	The place itself is really great but after a year of having our pets groomed by Susan we had to stop.  The dogs were never done when she said.  Sometimes running hours after our initial pickup time.  When we got the dogs there were really uneven.   We had to stay later then and coach her how to cut the dogs.
5	I was hesitant to get my dog groomed here due to some of the bad reviews, but overall I am so glad I did!The store is adorable, some of the prices on some things are kinda pricey only because I've seen the same products online considerably cheaper. There's also cute charms and toys and other odds and ends for our furry friends which is nice.  I also love all of the dogs running around the store, my puppy got to roam a little bit before we came and got her so she wasn't in a cage and she got to be with other doggies.We had Ivan cut Mias hair, he came out before hand to see her and ask us what we wanted done, we ended up getting her bathed, and cut and styled as well as getting her nails done! It took 3 hours for her to be finished, I wish it was a little faster but maybe in the future it will be! We will definitely be back to get her hair done! Ivan did a great job!
4	This review is only for the store aspect; I have no idea what the grooming is like.Stopped in today to check out their collar/leash selection. I am now the proud parent of a German Shepherd pup and wanted a nice sturdy leather set that would last several years.The store is tucked into Old Town Scottsdale, and really beautifully decorated inside. They have a dog gate up at the door, so pups can run about inside (and a gate is a  good idea anyway for any grooming parlor). 3 girls were working, all pleasant. The blonde was very helpful; she went sorting through all the collars, trying to find one that would fit but allow growth room and wasn't too girly (Nately is a boy dog, gosh darnit, no rhinestones needed!). She had personal preferences from her own large puppy and was knowledgeable about the different brands and how they would wear over time.I was impressed at the fact that she wasn't pushy; I'm used to Scottsdale sales clerks being like used car salesmen. Nope! I was hesitant, since the collars are very pricey ($65-$110), and while I have no qualms about paying that much for a good quality one that will last his whole life, I have no idea what size he needs as an adult. I explained to her that he is a rescue, and we can only guess at his age and how much he'll grow, and instead of just selling me a smaller collar, she suggested I buy a cheap nylon one now, and bring him in in a few months when he is mostly grown, and they would size him/custom order one if needed.They also had a lot of cute dog treats and toys, all healthy stuff. I also really liked that the grooming area appeared to be completely see-through - my mom is a groomer and that is a big plus to her when a shop has nothing to hide.We shall return!
5	My handsome beagle Eli, my friend KJ, and I stopped in to check out the accessories in the store.  We were so kindly upon entering and felt right at home.  Even though it was hot, I was checking out sweaters for Eli, but none of our teams were available.  The store's owner Immediately offered to take a custom order we could get exactly what we wanted.  She also suggested Eli join the group for "Doga" and offered an option to get Eli's teeth cleaned.  What started out as a quick look in a store became a fabulous experience.  We wii be back!
5	I've known Ivan for a while and every time I see him with his Chihuahuas they look so beautiful. He's told me many times that he could give my Miniature Australian Shepard's a great natural looking cut. Since, OMD grooming fees are higher than what I was already paying at a groomers that came highly recommended by a friend I hesitated to change.  However, Last week I had to have the dogs out of the house due to home repairs and their regular groomer wasn't available so I decide to take them to Ivan, at Oh My Dog. Max and Lily look phenomenal!!! They have never looked so good and totally worth the little extra money.I love the experience at Oh My Dog!   Everyone is friendly and helpful.  The homemade dog treats and merchandise are fantastic!
1	The store is darling but the grooming services are AWFUL!  I went to Susan for years and tolerated the 12 hour grooming sessions.  I'd take my boys in to have them done and LITERALLY 12 hours later she would tell me they were done.  This happened on MANY occasions.  I know Susan has some health struggles (standing long hours on her feet for years) but seriously enough is enough.  The last time I took them in she not only didn't have them ready after more than 12 hours in the shop-yes I was told I could come get them at 9 pm on a Friday night when I took them in at 8 am- but they were barely touched.  I paid for her services and I have never been back.  She needs to hang up her scissors or take fewer animals because that was a terrible way to treat a longtime loyal customer.  I was furious and felt VERY mistreated and had every right to feel that way.
3	I have two Mastiffs and have been bringing them to Oh My Dog for over a year. Once a month, I'd show up after the dog park with no appointment and they always worked me in. They loved the dogs and treated them well. I went in last week and they said they no longer take dogs over 100 lbs. Too bad, nice place, nice people, poor decision to exclude so many breeds of dog. They lost a good loyal customer.
1	We won't be back. I took my Sheepadoodle in to be groomed by Susan, who apparently is very experienced. She hardly asked me any questions during our "consultation" which occurred while she was grooming her own dog (yes, I made an appointment, but adhering to a schedule doesn't seem like a practice Susan is competent at). I was very clear about the length I wanted my pooch taken down to, having his nails filed, ear hair pulled, etc. She called me to pick him up about 2 hours after the time she quoted (which was not a super big deal to me), but when I arrived my doodle's haircut was absolutely not to my standards. I asked if she would please shave him down shorter, file his nails as we discussed (which was not done), etc. Susan agreed, but of course she would have to work him in between other appointments she had. My husband picked him up about 2 hours later & he still was not as short as I had requested (the first or second time), his ears were not done (they weren't even cleaned), but his nails were filed. Bottom line: I dropped off my dog @ 10am, he was picked up at 6pm & still needed to be groomed. No injuries, nothing negligent. Susan just isn't as good as someone with so many years of experience should be.Perks: The dogs run around the boutique & play in between services & pick up.Surprisingly not very expensive for my dog's cut; but I would have been angry had I paid more for the poor service.
1	We had taken our dog to get groomed on June 11, paid $40, and we weren't happy with the proportions of the cut; the body was left full and the head was cut very short which made our dog look silly.  My wife called the next day to complain and was told to bring the dog back and they would fix the cut for an additional $10.  My wife returned with the dog on June 21 and when she returned, was told the charge would be $45.00.  She argued with Susan as well as the store manager and they would not return the dog unless she paid the $45.00.  This is an unscrupulous business and very dishonest.  To be paid $85 for doing a poor job the first time and then fixing the cut 10 days later is unacceptable.  The fact that they won't stand behind their work is the reason we won't take our dog back nor would I recommend anyone else take their dog there.
5	CUTE CUTE CUTE!!! I love this store. I shop here for special gifts for my dog friends. The staff is awesome and the original selection of items makes this a no-brainer for a unique gift. They love dogs and if you do too, this is a great place to shop.
4	I come here sometimes to get my dog some treats. They are expensive, but my dog adores them! The only negative side to this place, is that it is about $40.00 to get my dog bathed. That wouldn't be so bad if I only seldom had my dog washed. My dog is an indoor dog who enjoys rolling around in dirt when I take her outside, so I bathe her weekly myself. Bathing her myself every week costs me less than $3.00 a month. I would rather take her here to get cleaned, but not for their prices. I wish they had a frequent customer card, or package for people who like to go weekly.
4	This little boutique is so adorable!  We are a dog family so whenever my mom and sisters and I are in the area, we stop in with our Shih Tzus and browse the inventory.  I've actually never had my dog groomed at this location (I learned how to groom her on my own because of her anxiety), but I can say that this is heaven on earth for a person who loves dogs and loves to shop.  I have also noticed that their grooming prices are surprisingly reasonable, particularly for the area.  I especially like when Jackie is there because she is informative and I can speak with her rather than one of her sales people.If I lived nearer (I live in the Washington, D.C. area), I'd probably be in once a week just because it's cute and I love to spoil my dog.  Overall, I'd absolutely recommend shopping here!
5	How cute is this doggy boutique! If I lived locally, I would absolutely leave my four legged son here for doggy daycare! What a clean, loving environment! The owner is such a gem, and I really enjoyed shopping for my pooch! I ended up purchasing a cute lil dog treat dipped in pretty icing, and wrapped with love! My clients loved it! Be sure to support this locally owned private establishment. Can't wait to go back! In fact I plan on having them ship special doggy gifts to my clients and family over the holidays!
2	Boutique gets a thumbs up but the grooming is a BIG THUMBS DOWN :( It's with a heavy heart that I wrote this review because I really like the owners and people who work at the boutique, but today I had an awful grooming experience!!!We had a grooming apt with Susan and I specifically asked her to not cut my dogs mohawk (we love it and its her signature look)! So I confirmed it with her verbally, she noted it in the appointment book and I even wrote it on my dogs client chart. Well as I was waiting for her to finish cutting I noticed she was spiking up my dogs hair in the front, well when she handed her to me I was in shock that, SHE CUT THE MOHAWK! :( I was so upset at the point that I didn't really know what to say, so I paid n left. Well as I was driving home I was more n more disappointed because not only was I flexible on her tardiness for our appointment and also running behind finishing up, I now was so unhappy that she did specifically the only thing I asked her not to do. I called an spoke with one of the owners and he was very professional and understanding and offered us a free grooming on our next visit. After some thought though I would not feel comfortaable returning and will not be back :( Signed - puppy looking for rogaine
5	Came in with our yorkie to pick out a Halloween costume and there was a great selection but we ended up just getting a cute outfit for her. The employee was very nice and helpful as we were looking around. Our yorkie was a little nervous being there which was kind of odd but she's scared of everything so wasn't much of a shocker. We were informed if you check in with Facebook you get a percentage off your purchase as well as a free snack, that was cool. We were told grooming services were also cheaper than Petco, etc so we will have to check that out. Cool store, great location.
5	I love OH My Dog! My little Ellie, a miniature poodle, and I trek across town for visits to one of their two master groomers (top grooming classification). Given that the owner has poodles, it's one of the best places for a superb poodle cut. In addition, they have amazingly adorable soft suade dog collars, leashes by Susan Lanci- a local designer. omD also stocks Stella and Chewy- which is our favorite dog food... And a whole doggie bakery.... With beautiful assortment of mouth watering cakes and cookies.
5	Oh My Dog is one of the best dog boutiques I have been to.  Jackie is the best!  She is so helpful and genuinely cares about your dog! I have quite a few products (clothes, collars, harness, treats, dog bowls, toys etc) that I have bought from here and each one has been the quality of product Jackie told me I would be getting.  I have had my 2 chihuahuas' nails clipped at the grooming department and never had an issue. I also had 2 doggy teeth cleanings done and had a good experience with that (despite what my dogs think!).  Although the price of a lot of items is high, each item has been higher, lasting quality.  This boutique is a monthly stop on my route for my doggy products!
4	Dog heaven. Ok I didn't buy anything here.  My dogs weren't with me and you need to fit them for the stuff in here.  That said,  all the dogs were happy. Many thanks to the dog owners that let me take pics of their pups.  I just can't resist petting happy dogs !!!   I take that as an excellent canine recommendation for this place, even though they lack the typing skills !!
4	Made an appointment for grooming while in town for thanksgiving. Location was convenient, although parking can get challenging depending on when you go. My dog got the bath/nail/ear/sanitary cleaning for $35, and was there for just under 2 hours. The people here seemed nice enough, but I was a little offput by the groomer telling me my dog peed (he mentioned it more than once) on him while  clipping his nails. I mentioned when I dropped him off he hated having his nails clipped, so I'm sure he was scared. If I lived in the area, I'd probably ask for a different groomer next time.
4	I had moved to Arizona in August and my Pomeranian's fur had started shedding very unevenly to adjust to the Arizona weather. His long hair on the top of his back all fell out while the hair on his sides continued to grow making him look as if he had a mullet. haha I hadn't found a groomer and Arizona yet and had just been bathing and brushing him myself. I brought my Pomeranian in for the first time yesterday for a groom. I had been in before to do some shopping, but had never used their grooming services. After observing many customers leaving satisfied I decided to bring in my baby for a bath and trim. He looked so adorable afterwards! His fur was all even and they had brushed and shampooed him so well. It was the cleanest I've felt him since he's been a puppy. The only reason I'm giving four stars was that he was back in the play area for a while and I don't think he had any water. Though I was late picking him up, (totally my fault) when I picked him up he ran to the store's water bowl and gulped it all down. He also had to go to the bathroom very badly, but again I was late picking him up so that was my fault. All in all I was very satisfied with their services and will be back again!
2	Very nice store.  They had a couple really cute dogs walking around and one in baby crib that was just adorable.  This is a great place to go for one of kind items or great gifts for the dog lover but nobody paid attention to us.  Nobody made eye contact nobody said hello so we just walked out.
3	Like all puppy owners, I want my two bundles of chaos to have the best pampering. The inside of the store was super cute and offered trendy accessories for the four legged kind. I had made an appointment for my two pups last minute, and they were very accommodating (which was nice).  After four hours, I was expecting them to smell wonderful with clean teeth, fresh expressions, and a bandana. I got them back and they didn't smell dirty...but they sure didn't smell like sweet peas.  Their breath was the same, and one of them still had an iron smell which means her glands weren't expressed. For $90, I was hoping they would at least look like I took them to the groomers.Overall, they're alright.
5	My first time at Oh My Dog! was just alright, I was generally happy with the cut and appreciated that my puppy could hang out with other dogs and people rather than being locked in a kennel while waiting. However, after asking multiple times that the groomer not cut my dogs eyelashes, I came to pick her up with cut eyelashes. I was so upset, I paid and left immediately. I also noticed when I got home that her nails had not been cut. I was unsure if I wanted to complain or not. Unlike most who would run to social media to complain, I decided to email store.The owner wrote me back within 24 hours and offered my next groom free of charge with a different groomer. I was so appreciative of the offer but wasn't sure if it was worth the gamble again. I didn't want it to be awkward when I brought my pup back in and debated trying to find another decent groomer. (I have tried 2 others before Oh My Dog!).Today, I took the offer of a second chance with Oh My Dog! and I must say the results were absolutely perfection! Not only is the other groomer no longer there, but my pup came out with the best cut she's ever had, she smelled like baby powder and was so soft and fluffy, I couldn't put her down!  I am very thankful for the owner remedying the problem and the result now being I have a permanent groomer in my new home! I will recommend Oh My Dog! to any dog owner in the area and will remain a #loyalcostumer.*Other small business owners should take note, this is how you properly run a good business.*
5	I have a Maltese and am extremely particular about having her groomed properly! Not only was all staff I encountered courteous, friendly, and genuinely concerned in my specific instruction to what I wanted, but they also did exactly what I asked!!! Sadly that shocks me, but it is so refreshing that they did exactly what I, the customer, wanted!!!! HIGHLY recommend this place for dog grooming and high end food and gift and accessories! THANK YOU SO MUCH! You made me a new loyal customer! Keep up the GREAT work!!!!
5	Excellent service. So many options to spoil and paper your pet at a reasonable price. Cash says thank you!
5	Adorable boutique, sweet employees. I purposely waited until after my second visit here to review, and they passed the test with flying colors. When you walk in to this trendy Scottsdale store, it smells nice, the employees are calm and friendly, and all the dogs look perfectly groomed and happy. They don't crate the doggies here and allow them to hang out in designated areas. After both visits our puppy looked and smelled great and we really didn't have to give any direction to the groomer. Decent pricing for the area and a lot of cute items available for purchase. I hate being away from my little girl, so my only wish is they would groom a little quicker, but oh well!Absolutely recommend Oh My Dog over other grooming places in Scottsdale. We will definitely return!
5	Just picked up a cake for my dog's 6th birthday the other day. It was my first time in this boutique and definitely not my last.  Jackie was super helpful helping me pick out some tasty treats to make my pup's bday extra special.  I'm really picky of what kind of treats I feed my dogs and she has a very good selection of very high quality treats that you would normally have to mail order. Organic, made in the USA, no recalls, etc. they also carry one of my favorite brands of dog accessories - Susan Lanci. My dogs really loved the cake! I will be back with them to try out the grooming in a few months :)
5	Oh My Dog couldn't be any cuter! I have been taking my 5lb Pomeranian there for a few years. I usually call only a day in advance and they get him in right away for Full Groom/Cut/Wash. He always looks perfect! The girls at the counter always treat him like a little King. The clothes, leashes, toys and accessories are top notch! I've also purchased lil Birthday treats that were almost too pretty to eat ;)I highly recommend Oh My Dog!
5	Went today for the first time. Great toys, treats, and other goodies for my pup! Bought a new collar and matching leash that is not only great quality, but also super cute and priced fairly! I will definitely be back soon!
5	Happy Pup Happy Mom!!! LOVE this place and wishing I hadn't waited so long to visit!!  Just picked up my Pumpkin this afternoon from her first grooming here.  And what a happy & beautiful pup greeted me!! Everyone is very friendly and helpful. They did a fantastic job on her and I completely appreciate the NO kennel!!! She gets to hangout with the other doggies which hugely reduces her stress.  I can not say thank you enough for that gift!! I have a household of 3 pups and we will be visiting again soon!
3	I got my dogs groomed here for the first time last week, and they looked amazing! I was a little dissapointed that they didnt trim my dogs tails (I have two poms) so they get poofy! But I did like the idea that they werent kenneled, and my dogs loved that too! I give it three stars because the groomers that did my dogs didnt really speak english, so it was hard to communicate, the front desk girl helped with that though. That also may have been why my dogs tails didnt get trimmed. But my main concern was that they didn't ask or collect my dogs vaccination forms. My dogs are current, but it freaks me out about other dogs....and how there sanitation guides might be!?  That was a huge red flag for me, unfortunately! The place is super cute, and I love that they don't kennel, but Im on the fence about returning a second time.
5	I have been here before to buy items from the shop but today was my first experience having a grooming at oh my dog and I am so pleased with the results! We rescued a dog from the pound last week and she was not in the best of shape after being found as a stray. After getting a quality groom from oh my dog my pup has completely transformed into her new and improved self. I can really tell that she is happy with how far she has come since being rescued and I have oh my dog to thank for this! I can now say that this has become our go to spot for my dogs grooming needs!
4	I got to perform with Jackie for about monthly while her pet groomer was on hip alternative surgery treatment healthcare keep. I had a lot of fun and Jackie likes her shop and tries really difficult to support clients and their animals.
4	I've taken my Yorkie about four times now for a grooming.  The staff and owner are extremely nice and helpful.   However, I sense the groomers are not well trained.  I've even had the owner ask them to even out my dog's cut.  They do not remove hair from my pup's ears as well or trim areas out as well as I have done in the past.
4	Took my lil man here for the first time and they were so nice..place is incredibly clean with baked goods and couture for you fur babies!
