3	I think they have every bridal shoe you can find online all conveniently located in this store and what they don't have they are willing to order for you with no hassle. Their prices are average on most things; I was actually expecting a lot more in the way of accessories (guest books, pens, cake toppers, etc.). They did have an okay selection to choose from but I guess I expected a little more from a place calling itself a "Superstore". The attire half of this shop was pretty decent though, they appeared to have an acceptable amount of bridal and wedding party dresses in the store. I'm glad I stopped here, because I got to try on shoes and my mom got a shirt that said Mother of the Bride, but that was pretty overpriced at $40 for a cotton t-shirt with rhinestones on it. Actually, being that we found my mom's dress for the wedding on clearance at JC Penney's, the shirt cost more then the dress! Customer service was okay, but I had a heck of a time hunting down someone who wasn't busy doing something to help me out.
2	I am pretty torn on this place. The customer service was not good. I was told it was going to take 12 weeks for my bridesmaids dresses to come in once ordered so I planned accordingly. Well, when I ordered them, I found out that it was 12 weeks from when they get the order in to the designer and so I was forced into paying $80 to expedite the dresses, or the would not be on time for my wedding. I did not want to take the chance so I paid it. They were not good about communicating with me either. They said the would call, but never did. They do have a lot of bridesmaids dresses cheaper than other bridal shops though, so it may be worth it. They also have a good selection of gift bags and invitations, but just make sure you know exactly how long things will take before you order them.
1	I was supposed to receive my dress in the mail a month ago.  I have not received in and I'm not getting a response from the store as to when it will arrive.  I have no idea what their products are like, but I definitely will never shop here again.
1	Great variety of products and dresses but TERRIBLE customer service. On several occasions I spent 45 minutes in the store obviously looking for something and needing help without anyone even acknowledging my presence. If I can get someone's attention, she always tells me she's busy and she'll be back in a few minutes but takes an hour then says that she doesn't know the answer and someone who does isn't working that day. I have called with questions and often get a fax machine or busy signal. If someone answers, she says she'll call back in 10 minutes but never does. Even while staring at two employees sitting and chatting, they didn't acknowledge my presence. When I said hello and asked for help, they told me it "wasn't their job".The store also charges about 40% more for dresses in the store than on the store's own website, but of course they don't tell you that in the store. Other websites also sell the same dresses for much less (try google shopping).When you order dresses online, even when you click the box that says "purchase now", they still wait a while and call twice to make sure that you really want your order before submitting your order, thus delaying the process and potentially forcing you to pay rush charges. Furthermore, even when you ask that the dresses be shipped directly to a house in another part of the country, the order is delayed by shipping them to the Phoenix store first.I tried to speak with the manager to get some answers about the dresses I was ordering and explained that I had tried without success for several weeks to find someone who could help me, but she INTERRUPTED me to tell me that her store won a customer service award. She doesn't seem to realize that interrupting a customer is bad customer service. She then proceeded to tell me that I shouldn't have expected anyone to answer the phone on a weekend, let alone answer my question (Is my dress here yet?). She didn't bother to ask if I had even called on a weekend, which I did NOT. This is ridiculous on many levels. How can you run a business with a policy that it's okay to ignore your customers and never call them back? How can you base your customer service on telling your customers not to expect any service?I understand that this business is a one-time deal, as (hopefully) most people only get married once. However, not needing repeat customers is no excuse for treating your customers poorly.FYI- the Bill Levkoff dresses run VERY long and at least a size larger than the measurements.
1	This place stinks.  I understand and appreciate it's purpose, however what I don't understand is how they are still in business considering how they run the place.  I've been to this store COUNTLESS times between my own wedding, and several other weddings I have been a part of.  Most recently, I am the Matron of Honor in a friends wedding and we purchased the bridesmaid dress here. First off, when choosing the size for my dress, the girls measured me and told me to order a size six.  I am a small girl (or at least I like to think so), the previous wedding I was in, my dress size was a two - and I haven't gained weight.  Now, I could have ordered a different size, but the girls scared me so much I just ordered the six... fast forward several months later when I pick up the dress.  Surprise, surprise it doesn't even stay on.  So now I have to get major alterations.  Considering I don't usually get these kind of alterations I decide to get it done at the store because I figured they were the experts - WRONG choice.I make an appointment, which is hard to do on the limited schedule the alterations lady works.  I settle on a Friday in the middle of the day, causing me to have to leave work early.  Turns out the lady shows up 20 minutes late.  Then, when I picked up the dress she blew off my appointment assuming the dress will fit... well it didn't (again I left work early for the appointment).  Then, the lady says she can come back in an hour to fix it... I go home - 20 minutes later she is there and I have to rush back to the store to get the dress fixed.  There is more to the story, but I won't bore you.At the end of the day, the store owner offered me $35 dollars for my troubles... that's right $35 off of the $145 I paid for alterations--- BTW the dress cost me $120, so the alterations because I was convinced to order the wrong size cost more than the dress itself.  SO ANNOYED.I WON'T be back to this store.  I've bought so much here and now realize the lack of service is not worth my convince.  I promise I will be driving out of my way to get wedding related items in the future.P.S. They don't take American Express, which I find VERY annoying since it is the only credit card I carry.
4	First of all...this concept is brilliant. Don't deal with the ultimate drama with the bridal gowns, but specialize in EVERYTHING ELSE! This store has a gazillion different dresses to try on. Every concievable color, style, fabric, length, etc. I am not a standard size. I wear a 16 and am used to never having anything in my size, but I could literally try on 50 dresses in this store without even looking hard, as could my size 0 daughter. Amazing. I am so surprised by all the negative comments about the customer service here. I received AMAZING service from Vickie. First of all she is knowledeable, second honest, and third multitasks very well. I was in one Sunday with my two daughters looking for a MOB dress and there were at least 4 bridal groups all wanting specialized attention. How is that even possible? It isn't....so I realized that I wasn't going to get the individual attention I desired so I came back during the week. Perfect. Had her all to myself. I have also priced both their in store prices and their website. You aren't going to find a better deal.
3	I came here with one of my bridesmaids to try on some bridesmaid dresses...First off, they get one star for the variety of bridesmaid dresses they showcase. I mean they have a TON! They will also tell you to buy the dresses from their online store because it is cheaper in comparison to the prices on the rack. They get kudos from me for that!The next star goes to the variety this store has to offer. I mean they have everything, it is literally a one stop bridal shop, which is nice and refreshing.Lastly, the next goes to Sharon, an older short hair brunette lady with glasses who was extremely helpful during the last two hours of being there. I mean, she pulled out TONS of dresses that ended up looking awesome on my curvy bridesmaid! Kudos to her, she was so nice, so helpful and just awesome!Now when we first arrived here, it was dead, there was barely anyone in the store and NOBODY would help us. There were a bunch of girls in the corner looking at the computer, one of them got up to unlock one of the dressing rooms for us but never did any of them got up and was like, "hey, can I help you guys find a dress?" Until 2 hours later when the angel Sharon graced us with her presence. That's why I knocked two stars off because most of the women were goofing off rather than helping anyone, other than Sharon of course. I LOVE HER!!
2	Hated it.  Expected HUGE wedding superstore with all kinds of decorations instead it's mostly wedding party clothes.  Air conditioning was working very well.  Sales rep wasn't listening to what I said I wanted and brought horrible dresses to me.
3	After checking out a similar kind of business on the West side of town, and being treated horribly, we checked out WAS. We bought our invitations here, as well as a few other items for the big day. I also had my dress altered here. I think they did a fine job. Our invitations were lovely, and Kim did a great job. I know that I could have gotten my dress altered other places, but they got me in, and all was well. The only problem was that they did not include my steamed veil with the dress when I picked it up, so I had to drive back up there from central Phoenix - that was not fun, with the big day so close. Overall, it's a good concept, and I did recommend them to some other people.
5	I came here with a couple of my bridesmaids to place the order for all the bridesmaids dresses. The sales associate was very helpful and attentive. We ordered the dresses in early July and they told me it would take about 12-16 weeks for the dresses to come in... I called the store in October just to check on the order and they told me the dresses would be in right before Thanksgiving. Wednesday before Thanksgiving, I got the call that the dresses were in! I was so happy that they were on time (I was a little worried due to other reviews). All the dresses fit the girls great and only small alterations will be necessary. My wedding is early March so there is plenty of time for alterations but I'm glad we placed the order early. I had a great experience with no issues so I hope this helps you have a little more faith in this store... because they have amazing prices compared to other stores! $160 for Bill Levkoff dresses that are at least $205 everywhere else!
5	Dana pulled the dress I wanted to try on yesterday, I visited her today, she was wonderful, very sweet, great smile! Busy place!!!
1	The employees are sweet and work as a team. But I would NOT recommend going there for ANY of your wedding needs! TRUST ME, she does NOT do business the way it's supposed to be done! You want to talk about getting down to CRUNCH time for your wedding, even if you planned ahead and placed your order wayyyyy in advance, you will NOT get your ordered items until a couple of weeks before your wedding! This lady bashes her employees, asks them to lie to customers about ship dates  *very disappointing*  Not to mention the poor money managing skills.. Who gives checks to their employees and asks them to wait AT LEAST a week to cash them?!?! Or who waits almost a month to give an employee a single check?! I had received 2 paychecks from my current employer before I got my first check from her! You ultimately make the decision of whether or not you want to go through this store, but trust someone who knows what that store is like and how it works behind the scenes. (None of her employees respect her, like her or agree with how she does things)
1	if there was a way to give this place no stars, I would. I walked in on a Friday afternoon to buy a birdcage veil and a cake topper. I realize, this is not going to be the largest sale for the store, however...I am not sure how any of them would know I wasn't going to be a big sale because no one ever spoke to me. Not a "hello" or "how can we help you?" or even a "we will be with you in a moment.". Nothing. I found my own veil, with no help and my own cake topper, with no help. Then when I went to the front to pay for my items, I waited behind a bridal party who were ordering dresses. At no point did any of the other employees offer to take my money, nor did the employee behind the register even acknowledge that I had been standing, waiting to pay for almost 1/2 an hour. I left the items at the empty counter after two employees walked right past me to the back room and left. In tears. Way to make my wedding shopping an awesome experience. Not.
1	The store is full of wedding knick-knacks and some pretty cheesy stuff. They also have standard flower girl dresses, cheap jewelry, bridesmaid dresses, and "grandma/ mom" dresses.We came here looking for bridesmaid dresses back in January. I'm the MoH in my friend's upcoming wedding this June. The store wasn't very busy, but the staff all seemed to be. We asked them for certain dresses to try on that the bride had found on their website- she brought the dress numbers and even had called ahead to confirm they had them in-store. The lady who went to look for the dresses came back with two out of the five. Said they didn't have the other three. "Yeah right..." I thought. I went to go look through the racks myself and ended up finding the other three. She was no help, and either lazy or gave up looking when she let herself be distracted by someone else. When she finally decided to check on us again, she saw we were wearing some of the other dresses she didn't bring us. She said, "Wow! Where did you find those?" They were on the rack. Where did you think I looked? The bride ended up choosing one of the dresses, and we went to order. The lady took our measurements. The size dresses she told us to order seemed a little off. We all know it's not going to me your normal dress size for these fancy dresses, but it was still going to be too big for most of us. We picked our own dress sizes. I think they just try and make more money from alterations. Then she asked us to order online on their website at home. Strange... Well, we did, and I got a conformation email. I called over a week ago to check on the status of my order, and to update the address it was going to be shipped to. The woman on the phone kept putting me on hold. She asked me for a bunch of information, and then at the end of the call, asked me to email the same information to their store email address. Really? And she didn't tell me the status, just that they would email me back. Eight days later, haven't heard anything. Called again today, lady put me on hold. I was on hold for 15 minutes before I just hung up and called again. Pretty sure she forgot about me. The lady who answered the second time I called told me the order should be in "early this month" and it would be 5-7 business days to get it from the designer and then once it's in store they'll call me and send it out to my address. I sure hope so. But after the customer service we've received, I'm prepared for the worst. Hopefully I have a dress for the wedding.
1	They tell you you're a couple sizes bigger so you HAVE to get them tailored when your order comes in!!! Me and 5 other girls ordered our bridesmaids dresses from here and went in to get our measurements before we ordered. The girl told us all our sizes and we were confused by the drastic difference from our normal size but were assured the sizing for that designer ran small. I am usually between a 4 - 6 and was told to order a 10?! We just got all of our orders in the other day and were shocked to see the extra 3-5 inches of fabric hanging off of us. The dresses literally fall off of us. One of the bridesmaids was told to order a size 20 because of her bust!! Which in turn they made her pay extra for the larger size and then when she got the dress in and saw it in no way fit her at all (you could fit a watermelon in there with her) they told her it would cost extra to do the tailoring because of how much extra fabric there was!! Really?? RIDICULOUS! If we all had ordered my normal size we would have saved a trip to the seamstress. Needless to say... none of us used theirs. A scheme to get people to spend more money at their store?? Sounds like it to me! MAKE SURE YOU ASK THEM YOUR MEASUREMENTS AND ASK TO SEE THE BOOK FOR SIZING. It'll save you $70-$100!I will never order/shop from this store again.
4	Each time I visited the WAS it was a great experience.  The salespeople are extreamely helpful and friendly.  I found an extensive variety of wedding accessories.  There are lots of invitation books, which are difficult to find anywhere else.  They carry a good selection of dresses from many designers.  I was looking for a motb dress. I would recommend the WAS for your wedding needs.
5	Let me start by saying that the WAS seems to be perpetually understaffed, which leads to a general Aura of oddness. That being said, the word SUPERSTORE is an accurate description if you are shopping for a veil, headpiece, jewelry, or shoes, they have TONS of options. Its kind of a small space for the amount of stuff they have too, so keep your eyes peeled and make sure to bring someone to help. I would highly recommend getting on the mailing list and going in on a Saturday when they are having a big sale. Not only will you get ridiculous deals, but they also have free cake, every Saturday :) I am serious about the deals.... look for the neon orange tags. We found a silver stitched and beaded veil in a different store for $200, I bought it at WAS for $31. And a sterling silver headband with feathers, pearls, crystals and sequins... $129 elsewhere? I paid $11 at WAS!!!!!! I can vouch for the alterations department, not only do I get my evening gowns altered at WAS, my bridesmaids all had their dresses done there as well
4	Truly a superstore for wedding fanatics! There are bridesmaids dresses galore and even a seamstress or two on staff to help get those dresses fitted. It's a nice alternative to David's Bridal and many of the dresses can be easily ordered online, and sometimes at a cheaper price!The staff is friendly, but this place can be an absolute zoo! The hours are weird too. Tuesday nights, they are open until 9pm, but other nights they can close as early as 6pm, which makes it tough for those who work and get done at 5pm.
2	Really not the super store I was expecting. Much smaller than the name suggests and too high for my budget. To give you an idea I was there for hair stuff and hair jewelry was $60 and up. Veils were $120 and up. Got a "how are you doing" from a couple of associates which is enough for me.This may be it for some brides but I was able to scan the store in ten minutes. I ended up DIY'ing my hair accents with Micheal's help for under $10. SAS is a great crafters paradise too. It just wasn't meant to be for a budget bride like myself.
5	I took my son there to get his tux. Right away the owner Kim came out and took care of us. I've never seen an owner of the business so hands on and caring. My son instantly was comfortable, and her suggestions were "spot on", as my son choice what she recommended. She also brought to our attention a coupon, and we saved $40. She didn't have to do that, but did. I will no doubt bring my son, and next year my daughter here for their prom stuff. I highly recommend this store to any bride looking for bridesmaid dresses, as well as all the wedding accessories you'd ever need, all in one store. Their location being right off the 101Hwy is ideal to get in and out.
1	I'm a bridesmaid for a friend's wedding in Phoenix and I live in Houston. She wanted the dress ordered from this particular store and I had not choice but to comply and order online. I ordered my dress in early January- as of mid May it STILL has not arrived. Why on earth does it take five months to send a dress? What's worse, is that- as others on YELP and google reviews have mentioned- their dress sizes are extraordinarily small. I had to order a dress three times the size that I normally wear. This size was considered "plus" by the Wedding Accessory Superstore and they made me pay $20 more for the "extra fabric". Seriously?!?! I'm convinced that they do this to: 1. Make any woman who is not a stick figure feel like shit and 2. To take advantage of average sized women by marking up sizes and prices accordingly. Phoenix brides: pick another place for both time, especially if you don't have almost half a year to wait on a dress.
2	Took me 5 months to get my bridesmaid dress. Ordered nov. 1 and got it a week before the wedding on April 6th. Good thing I didn't need to have it altered. I called 3 times to check on the delivery of my dress, each time was promised a call back that never came. Another bridesmaid had a nightmare experience with them as well.
3	It seems like every woman who has ever shopped here has a love/hate relationship with the place.  I was dragged in here a couple of times by my wife and her mother as we prepared for the wedding.  My personal observation is that you can find everything in the store cheaper online, but this is probably the one place where you can physically see and touch the item you are interested in before you purchase it.The first time I ended up in the Wedding Accessory Superstore, I was bored out of my mind in two minutes, while my wife and mother-in-law looked at invitations and a dress (for the mom).  The second time (when my mother-in-law was having her dress altered for the third time) one of the employees showed me the store's little man cave.  Brilliant!  I got to watch basketball while they dealt with the seamstress.  So much better.  It's hidden in the corner to the right of the shoes.
3	This place is a great spot for everything wedding related, except wedding dresses!  They specialize in ensuring that all your details are taken care of, including bridesmaids dresses, favors, guest hotel welcome bags, napkins, etc.  When we walked in we were warmly greeted and the staff was really helpful at showing us around to see what they had to offer.  I wanted to see what they were all about prior to my two sisters flying in to Phoenix to figure out my dress and their dresses for the big day.They had a lot of options as far as bridesmaids dresses, but it wasn't quite what I was looking for as far as style and feel. It seemed like it might be difficult to get everything figured out since I have bridesmaids living in three different states all over the U.S. and they wouldn't all be able to try the dresses on until they were already ordered - so this place didn't work out for my needs, but it was a great concept!Overall: B+It didn't work for what I needed for bridesmaids dresses, but it will still be a great option for favors, napkins and more!  Never hurts to check a place out!  Cons - it can get really busy and the hours are weird (so check before you go).
1	This place was a waste of a trip! They put on such a good show at the Phoenix Bridal Show.  My daughter had a list of what she wants for her upcoming wedding & we did not find it there. Much less did anyone tend to us either.We made the trip to check out 2 main items that my daughter found online. One was flower girl dresses w/butterflies on it & the 2nd item was a "flashing ring" she saw at the bridal show & was told it can be bought @ the store. We were there for about 45 minutes & still no one came 2 us. We finally found a bell @ the "cash register". We told the sales person (surprised it was a sales person - dressed in normal clothes & no company logo or a name tag) what we were there for. To our surprise we were told: The flower girl dresses are only available online & we have to "take a chance on placing the order. Because they do not honor returns if we choose we dont like it after all". But then yet - their website says you can "view any item in the store". When "THE BRIDE" inquired about the "flashing ring" -- we were told is that we have to order a minium of 12 online & they are not sold in the store. Another lie. What the heck is that crap about??????? Obviously the reason we wanted to see the butterfly dresses was to make sure they were as pretty as in the pictures online. Great disappointment to us & a waste of gas to be told "take your chance on the flower girl dresses because they dont honor returns".
2	This is a low budget high priced store. Superstore? Not really. They don't have a huge selection and then they direct you to their website. If I wanted to buy something online then I would have bought it online! They also have no return policy, which for a mostly online store, strikes me as a bad practice. The store itself is dusty and disheveled, with badly designed window units. David's Bridal seems high class compared to this. However, they do have a good clearance section. It's in the section of the store where the broken display items and torn signs are.
1	Ay yi yi!  I hate leaving bad reviews but sadly, this one is deserved.  I'm a bridesmaid in a friend's upcoming wedding and the bride decided to order the bridesmaids dresses from here.  Everything was fine and good...until the bridesmaids dresses failed to arrive by the promised date.  The poor bride and maid of honor made repeated frantic calls to see if the store could put a rush on the dresses or at the very least, provide a new estimated arrival date.  The staff here was very rude and unprofessional -- they never once apologized for the delayed dresses, got flustered and angry on the phone, and refused to pay any extra amount to have the dresses rushed so they would actually arrive on time.  Very bad customer service!  In the end, the dresses arrived a mere week before the wedding, the bride had to pay out of pocket to overnight them to out-of-town bridesmaids, and we all had to pay extra to have them rush tailored.  If you're a bride, save yourself some unnecessary stress and find another place to look for your wedding accessories!  Bad bad BAD!
1	Horrible customer serviceDon't you hate when someone is quick to take your money but slow and rude when delivering their product/service? If I pay for a dress in full the day I order it, I don't think it's too much to ask that it be delivered on time. Am I crazy? I also do not expect to be yelled at or ignored ...  I've worked in the retail business and from my experience places like this don't stay around long.  Brides- save yourself the headache and find a competent wedding retailer.
5	They are so nice here! After a not so enjoyable experience at David's bridal, I came here looking for shoes. It took me forever to find the right shoes to go with my wedding gown so I was a little behind. I needed the shoes for my fitting two days later. The girl who helped us out let me borrow a pair of shoes for my fitting while I waited for the new pair to come in!!  I would recommended this place highly as they are down to earth, offer up suggestions, and very helpful.
3	I was disappointed by the prices of veils, jewelry, and hair pieces. The name of the store invokes something much different than what I found - an overpriced and limited selection of albeit nice-looking accessories. I ended up purchasing a veil and bridal jewelry set for a quarter of the price on Amazon.
5	Wow! The employees and owner here provided the BEST customer service for my mom, future mother-in-law, future sister-in-law and young nieces. The mothers tried on several dresses and the saleswomen were SO helpful and sweet. They have a huge selection of bridesmaids dresses as well- a little more spendy than David's Bridal but it is worth it for the quality and selection. I am the bride and was able to order my invitations the same day we were there. I didn't have an appointment but the owner, Kim was very willing to help me anyway. She sat with me and designed a custom invitation for an hour and she helped me get exactly what I wanted within my budget. It is very rare to visit a business with such amazing care for their customers these days!
4	They do not have bridal gowns, just all the extras, including the biggest selection of bridesmaid dresses in the Valley from every designer you've been pinning - it's worth the drive! If, like the upset bridezillas who gave low ratings for customer service issues, you need to be wooed while picking out an ugly dress you will never wear again, by all means, go somewhere else. It is low frills - and in fact, the first time I went there, I was told to just go home and order online - but again, the biggest selection PLUS the lowest prices. The second time I went, the sales girl was extremely helpful with my indecisive bridefriend, pulling together color schemes and explaining all the materials to us and we actually didn't end up ordering from them, but she got the bride on track and for that, I am eternally grateful.Let's be honest, bridesmaids dresses are a necessary evil, so why not go to the WAS, have some fun with your girlfriends having your run of the place (it's so big and I have not seen it crowded) and get a cheap one?  The only negative is that the dress I ordered took a really long time to arrive, like longer than quoted, like it came in two weeks before the wedding. The wedding was out of state and the other bridesmaids actually ended up ordering from WAS as well because it was the cheapest option, but they ordered theirs even later and it took plenty of upset mother-of-the-bride calls to ensure they arrived on time. Now, if that's on the manufacturer or the store is unknown, but just proceed with caution and order way early just in case.
3	This would be a 5 star since my mother and myself have had great customer service except I watched with my own eyes the manager speak to her employees like they were trash. After the manager walked away I even commented to the employee that I would have punched her a long time ago.The darling lady that helped my mom who always seems to be there and is so good at her job patently helped my mom for hours finding the right dress!The manager needs to learn to appreciate her employees or at least not speak to them in such a disturbing manner in front of guests.
1	TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. I've never been so frustrated in my life. I am no bridezilla. All I wanted was my bridesmaids dresses to match. One of the dresses we chose was from a different designer so we were concerned, but the ladies at the shop ASSURED me that they would match based off some swatches they showed us. I ordered 8 dresses in different styles. (Spending well over $1000 mind you) 7 came in beautifully. The one from the different designer did not match at all. Ok. No worries, We have time... I'll just pay the rush charges to order a different dress. I work in customer service. I know that when the customer is not happy there are SIMPLE solutions to rectify the situation. My simple solution would have been to order a new dress. The one that was a mistake can EASILY be sold off the rack. However, this store does not believe in customer service. They have a "tough luck" policy that they FAILED to mention at the time of purchase. The "manager" Shelley is completely condescending and has absolutely no compassion for a bride in distress. She wants us to pay $160 for a dress that we cant use AND THEN pay another $180 to rush order a new one that actually matches. At any point in time while I was ordering these dresses, if one of the employees made it a point that matching would have been an issue I would have simply made my bridesmaid choose the same designer. On the contrary we were promised there would be no issue. Well there is a huge issue. This company, its manager, and their policies. Do not expect ANY competence, care, or customer service from this business.
5	Kim, Shelley and the entire WAS team are great!!!  From the minute I walked in to just get ideas, to ordering invitations, purchasing accessories and our tux rentals, everything was perfect!  Even when we ran into slight snags with the tux sizes, they were quick to accommodate us and get the right size within a 24 hr turnaround.  Thank you WAS for making my wedding planning experience so pleasant and fun!  No bridezilla moments here!
5	I am best in words to express my gratitude towards Wedding Accessory Superstore. She made my family and myself feel at home. I knew I could count on her for anything. She never once hesitated to help or simply give her advice. Her experience was very visible. I am very pleased and will stop by to say hello.
5	I actually found the staff to be very attentive and engaging when I first walked in. The hard part was dealing with my 3 yr old son and trying to get him fitted. In which the staff was very patient.  Got the call when the tuxes arrived and went and tried them on.  Mine was a little off where in lies a problem when a wedding is approaching quickly. This is where I was the most satisfied.  I realize being in a consumer industry not everything goes according to plan and is sometimes out of your control. It's how it's handle that makes up for it. And they handle it for me perfectly.  Thanks again.  Will definitely recommend to my newly engaged friends.
