5	This is the best massage therapist in Summerlin by a freaking landslide. I had the worst neck pain and within the first 20 minutes he had made it disappear. At $45/hr you seriously cannot afford to NOT go. Theres all sorts of little $5 add ons with essential oils and such to further enhance your experience. As someone who is a picky massage junky from NYC, I'm absolutely blown away. It's SO hard to find a good massage therapist in las vegas, let alone such a high caliber healer as this. The ambiance is super relaxing;  its in a residential area and the entrance is through a little white gate with a patio that opens to the massage room. Quiet, safe, soothing, and deep tissue that's precise and focused on trigger point therapy.I have friends that recommended him who knew him from The Stirling Club downtown where massages are upwards of $180/hr- so needless to say the massages root in luxury and now a luxury I can afford!!! I wound up tipping $20, and cant wait to get back.It would he hard to settle for anyone else. Ever. Thank you!!!!!
5	I am always looking for a serene place to get a massage. So this is perfect far from the strip tucked away in Summerlin. I had John, ask for him!! He was great. You cannot beat the price, it is amazing. If you looking to treat yourself, this is the place.
5	I recently bought two 90 minute massages for my parents from John. Both of them raved about the massage afterward. Actually, I am going to buy two more massages for them right now - check this guy out!
5	John is an excellent therapist. I did a 90 min Deep Tissue that felt great and it was just what I needed. He can go as deep or as light as you need. But if Deep Tissue is what your looking for, this it the place.
5	John is one of the best therapist . I am a massage therapist myself and look forward to having John make my aches go away. I have searched and searched and finally I am happy to find a high caliber of work for a very fair price.
5	John is a great healer. I've gone to him bent over unable to stand upright and afterwards almost without any pain and fully mobile. Whether you want a relaxing massage or are in pain, he's your man. His home is safe and quiet. John is a total professional and no one need worry about anything.
5	I was suffering for about a week with trapezius strain and really needed a massage to get the kinks out. I was barely able to move my neck,  shrug my shoulders or even carry my purse. Yeah it was that bad. I swear I hold all my tension in my upper back/shoulders. I also admit, I am guilty of bad posture which doesn't help. I chose John because of the positive reviews on Yelp, the fact that he is board certified, and it was one of the closest places to my home. I called and was able to get an appointment the next day for a one hour deep tissue massage. Just FYI -  Swedish massage is $45/hr, deep tissue is $60/hr which is very exceptional considering his skill set. Given that I had specific problems, I booked in as a 1 hour deep tissue. I arrived at his location which is based out of his home. I let him know what my issues were and he was able to pinpoint the problem areas -  including spots that I didn't know that contributed to the problem like the sternocleiodmastoids, the scalenes and the insertion points at the base of the occiput. This was definitely beyond my expectations. Literally within 2-3 days,  my pain gone and my range of motion was back to normal. I told my massage therapy buddy in Calgary and she was super impressed (she is also a board certified massage therapist with ART certification as well). The first thing she said after I told her about my experience was she wanted me to book a massage with him next time she is in town!
5	I've had painful wrist and hand issues since April and despite a cortisone shot, physical therapy and other pain relief efforts, every so often it becomes unbearable. Yesterday was one of those days. I woke up in so much pain I could barely function. I called John, who I've visited once before with great results, and he found time immediately to help me. He's close to where I live, very reasonably priced, and excellent! I love the fact it's in a private home, low-key, and safe.Plus, he's board certified, really understands pain and how to relieve it, has taught massage, has strong hands and a great personality. Even though pressure point massage is extremely, I repeat extremely, painful while it's happening, it's worth it due to the relief that comes after a few days. I tease John he's my torturer, yet I keep coming back for more!:)He also does Swedish if you're not in considerable pain and will adjust the massage to your particular needs. I highly recommend him having gone to numerous massage therapists over my lifetime. He's one of the better ones I have experienced.
