5	Goddess Salon has been around for about 5 years, and before that, salon owner and hairstylist Maryam Ahmad had been doing extensions for over 10 years. As one of the valleys most experienced stylists in all aspects of the hair arena, she truly is a master stylist. I have had two different kinds of extensions several times over the last couple years from Goddess Salon, and every time was excellent.At one point in my existence I thought it was a really good idea to cut my hair into a Maddox Jolie inspired mohawk....ya......great idea.I then used hair extensions to help me grow everything out, without having to suffer through those awkward hair length stages. The hair is fine, beautiful European hair, not "European" hair.The techniques are not damaging, and Maryam is incredibly knowledgeable about hair. Almost like a wizard. A very funny, sassy hair wizard lady. If you need extensions, or a non damaging color job, or a color correction because some other chi chi Scottsdale salon totally botched your weave, or maybe a beautiful, flattering cut, you can find it here. Call for a consult, or visit the site.P.S. Maryam is the ultimate hostess, always trying to feed you sushi, hummus, and champagne and beer. P.P.S. The salon just moved to a beautiful new location in the new Safari Lofts on Scottsdale and camelback. yaaay.
5	i cannot believe there are no other reviews for this salon posted yet. are the clients for Goddess Salon too elite for yelp? probably. Maryam Ahmad is a hair MASTER. she is in league with the likes of vidal sasson, paul mitchell, frederick fekkai and whatever other famous hair dressers we are currently worshipping. i know that everyone thinks that their hair dresser is the best just because their bangs look good and their hair is easy to style and their bleach job isn't too expensive but i don't think that there are many other hair professionals in the world who have or ever will reach the level of knowledge and skill that Maryam possesses. I have never met another person who takes so much pride in providing a super premium quality service to her clients and who also is completely unwillingly to skimp and use cheap products even if all of the other salons are doing it and getting away with it. i personally go to the Goddess Salon where Maryam and the small, intimate team that she has trained to work in her gorgeous loft salon turn my short choppy hair cut into beautiful long mermaid extensions. i had been working on growing my hair out of a very short haircut for years because i desperately wanted to have long, sexy hair again and for some reason my Los Angeles  hair dresser conned me into cutting it all off. i contacted Maryam and within a few days she was able to see me and fix me up. Maryam uses only virgin russian hair. that might sound a little bit goofy but any google search will tell you that russian hair is basically the mink-fur coat of extension hair and anything else is a bunch of junk. she uses a completely non-invasive, non-damaging method of applying the extensions. they are long lasting. i have had my extensions in since March or so and they are still super luxurious looking. everyone is constantly complimenting me on my beautiful, GODDESS hair and no one has ever asked if they are extensions. they are undetectable, low maintenance and long lasting. i think that this hair will easily last for a year! totally worth the trip to arizona from los angeles. i even drove once last minute to go see her because she was planning a trip to NYC and i wanted to have some maintenance on my hair before she left. she opened up the salon on a closed day and came in to personally work on my hair with an assistant. when i arrived there was a huge platter of sushi and a selection of wine waiting for me. getting your hair done here is more than just getting your hair done. it's truly a luxury service. maryam has a number of celebrity clients and though i am not famous, i certainly feel like i am during and after getting my hair done by her. ken paves has nothing on maryam ahmad. i hope that she expands her business to include more salons throughout the US so that more people can experience what she is doing. did i mention she's a total babe? haha!
5	i am writing this review almost exactly 1 year after maryam did my extensions and i wish i could leave her a 50 star review. my SAME HAIR that was initially "installed" is still shiny and beautiful. ONE YEAR LATER. these are not disposable hair extensions that other stylists do. nothing shoddy here at all. i am still incredibly happy with them and i cannot give a more glowing review. they are low maintenance, easy to deal with and LOOK AMAZING. my girlfriends who opt for ''cheaper' extensions and think that i overpay while they are stuck replacing all of their hair every three months are fools. this is about value and getting an amazing product with amazing results. i have saved money in the long run. i am thrilled. THANK YOU MARYAM!
5	Words don't describe my love, devotion, and adoration for this odd little salon. After some mullet-loving "stylist" screwed up my hair up like no one ever has (please reference my E's Urban Hair review), I reached full on H-bomb crisis mode. I was starting a new job in three weeks with a poorly done emo/dykey hairstyle with a horrific and eternally brassy blonde color that may or may not have made me cry on multiple occasions. After having made much raucous fun of hair extensions for many years, it was time to eat crow and lick the plate clean. Fervent and frantic Internet searching led me to the Goddess Salon. It was a little odd initially; you call the central number, leave a message, someone gets back to you, it's all kind of weird and frankly sketchy. They invited me to stop by when they were working on a client so I could see the process and they could check out the disaster on my head. The facilities are small, intimate, and secluded. The clients seemed genuinely happy with their hair, and I believe they would have said that even if Maryam wasn't standing next to them, holding a scorching hot styling tool-cum-instrument of punishment. I got a fairly quick once-over and an estimate for the whole shebang. I think I almost passed out, actually, but desperate times call for desperate measures. I had to wait an excruciating three or four weeks for the hair to get ordered and delivered, and then game on! The initial visit practically gave me diarrhea from anxiety (not alleviated by buckets of champagne), because I had the potential to leave looking a hell of a lot more foolish than I did coming in, and a lot poorer.  As Maryam haphazardly slapped darker dye all over my head I wondered what the hell I'd gotten myself into. I had worked myself into a full on migraine by the end of the 7 hour extravaganza, but when it was all said and done...HOLY. SHIT.Amazing.This are not your average extensions with glue bonds. These are held in with non-damaging metal microbeads that crimp shut. These are real human hair (don't think about that part too much). These are the extensions that Jennifer Aniston or Jessica Simpson gets. Magically, somehow, Maryam's slapdash color job was perfect and matched the extensions flawlessly. After a brief styling learning curve, all the hair became easier to style and maintain than my own hair alone. I can wear it up, wear it down. Stellar. Gorgeous. NO regrets.And I haven't even touched on Maryam, who is super hot, funny, and welcoming while at once wielding F-bombs in that amusing way only non-native English speakers can. Her brother - whose name escapes me - and Chelsea also have worked on me, and they are also pleasant and easy to talk to, without being fake (important when you spend hours and hours at a time with them!). Like Annaliese said - I'd give them a 50 star review if I could. Yes, it's expensive. Yes, installation and maintenance is time-consuming. It's worth EVERY FREAKING PENNY. I promise you, from the bottom of my cold control freak heart.
5	Great place for amazing hair extensions!  I have been going here for many years and Maryam and her staff know what they are doing!  I am happy I found this salon!
5	This salon is the best in Scottsdale. I have been coming to them for ten years. I have never left unsatisfied. They also do the best extentions I have seen. The quality is second to none and they match your hair perfectly. You will look beyond beautiful. The atmosphere is always fun and you can sit back and relax with a glass of wine or champers and watch as you are transformed. I don't actual live in Scottsdale but like several other clients I fly in to have my hair done from New York and now from San Diego. They are just that good. Myriam is the best hands down.
