4	Under new ownership after a few rocky years (original owner passed away last year).  Very friendly salon with excellent staff.
5	This salon is great! I see Christine and have been going to her for years for my hair and eyebrows. She knows how to make me look good!
5	I moved to Arizona in 2010 and having been going to Christine ever since based on a recommendation from a friend. She is amazing with my hair and she is always on time :) the salon is beautiful and everyone is always so friendly!
5	I love all the girls who work here, Krissy is my beautician, she is the best!  I always make her cut my hair how she thinks it should look, I have yet to be disappointed!I would recommend anyone to her!
1	completely ruined my hair today.  it was platinum blonde, asked for ombre and now my hair is black/grey.  thanks christine.
5	Christine is awesome! She has been doing my hair for years and always looks like perfection! Go see her!! (: Overall, Beautyworx is amazing!!
5	I received the best pedicure I've ever had in my entire life today with Maya! She has magic hands, she gives the best massages hands down! I had to start with that tidbit of information, but I also had a fantastic manicure and eyebrow wax. Unlike most pedicures, where they give you the "obligatory" foot massage with the lotion, where they ruin it - asking if you want to pay more for 5 minutes instead of just letting you relax, Maya loves to make sure you have the best possible experience! She massages during the scrub, the lotion, and wherever she notices you are holding tension. She doesn't turn on a timer and watch it tick, she checks in with you to make sure you are doing okay and at the end of it your feet look and feel amazing! You might miss this place as it is tucked in a shopping center, but once you walk inside, it's an oasis of beauty and relaxation. Everyone who works there is really sweet and they just want to make sure you taken care of, it's kind of like the Cheers of nail salons, everyone knows everyone and if you are new, they will go out of their way to make sure you feel like it's your home too.
5	Got my hair do there today by Chelsea. She did an excellent job. She is great at color and highlights. Loved the way it turned out. Will be back for sure.
5	Have been going to Krissy for years as well as my daughters!  We love her and now that she works at  her mother's salon...it rocks even more!  Comfortable and fun!
5	Great service!! I've gotten hair extensions here multiple times and I always leave with exactly what I want! This is the place to go!
5	I have been going to BeautyWorx now for a few years, and I have had nothing but wonderful experiences there! First off, when you walk through the door, someone friendly is always there to greet you and make sure you are taking care of. Second, the place is so colorful with so many new magazines, hair books, products to look at I hardly even sit on my phone. Third, I go see Krissy Moore for my haircuts. She is AMAZING in so many ways, not only talented at cutting hair, but has an awesome sensor or humor, a friendly positive attitude, and always does a phenomenal job!!! She and I have become good friends because of it! I look forward to getting my haircuts there, even though it is a drive from where I live. I recently moved to Flagstaff, Arizona, so for me- this commute is a 2 hour driving distance. I don't care! She does such a great job, I make an appointment way in advance so I can schedule in the time to make the drive. Worth every second!! Thank you BeautyWorx for your amazing stylists, friendly personalities, colorful environment, and overall GREAT SERVICE!!! I highly recommend anyone and everyone to go here for their hair, nails, and more!
5	I would give BeautyWorx 6 stars if it was possible! Krissy does my hair and I've aways loved it. I've done simple colors, ombre, extensions and I've never once been disappointed. There have been times I wanted to change up my look and Krissy would give me a lot of different ideas and execute them perfectly! The staff is great, friendly and always making time in salon fun!! I recommend BeautyWorx for everyone!
5	This salon is very welcoming.  Krissy is an artist when it comes to cut and color.  She's also great to talk to.  I definitely recommend Beauty Worx!
5	I bought a groupon for a cut and deep condition treatment and I LOVED my stylist, Cassidy. She gave me the cut I imagined and got my hair looking healthier than it has in a long time. I left feeling so amazing and couldn't stop looking a tmy hair. if you go ask for Cassidy she is AWESOME!!!!
3	I bought a Groupon for a cut, deep conditioning treatment, and style with Cassidy. This salon, and Cassidy, we're very friendly, and showed great customer service. The shampoo include a scalp and neck massage which was awesome. She massaged deep conditioner into my hair, covered it with a cap, then stuck me under the hair dryer for 10 minutes for unto soak in. Once she started to cut and style my hair I could tell that she wasn't very experienced, especially since it took her a very long time to blow dry my hair with a round brush. Unfortunately the hair cut turned out choppy and uneven, and she took off more than I asked for. I usually wear straight bangs, but told her that I would like to start wearing them to the side. She textured my bangs so they were as thick, but didn't trim them at all. She just pushed my bangs to the side, and put a lot of hairspray on them. When I got home and looked at my hair closer I am very disappointed.
5	Yep...I agree with the previous...absolutely gotta love them....attentive, awesome work...great place to get you looking your best!
