5	Yeah I know we are in Las Vegas and I choose a California restaurant, what can I tell you it looked so good from the street we decided to check it out.  I am sooooo glad we did it was really worth it.First the ambiance is great, we even sat outside in 95 degree weather because it was that nice.  The inside turned out to be amazing, with these supremely high ceilings and modern decor.  The staff AWESOME...We ordered Queso Fundido (cheese dip) with chorizo and the Beef Flautas as starters.  There was so much food in front of us I knew we had over ordered again.  The Fundido was fabulous, ooey, gooey and tasty.  It is served with fresh tortillas in a warmer, excellent.  The Beef Flautas were not my fav, the beef was dry from being cooked and then fried, but the green sauce it's served with was amazing, oh so tasty.  For lunch we ordered the Chicken Fajitas and the Chicken Limon.  Each entree has a choice of soup or salad, we chose one of each.  The salad was very light and the house dressing was very refreshing.  The soup was a black bean soup with creme and oaxaca cheese, this was slightly spicy, very tasty and worth coming in for a repeat visit.  Hubby did not feel his fajitas were spiced properly, he said they were lacking in flavor.  My Chicken Limon was a little dry, but it was excellent in flavor.  The mashed potatoes it was served on were definitely worth coming back for too.All in all we have found a new place we will be spending our money at as often as we can.  OH YEAH, how can I forget the margaritas were the BOMB, really perfectly made.Our server did tell us that since this place is so new the menu has changed a few times already and quite possibly could change again, so please keep that in mind when you go.
1	Make no mistake people - this is the same Hotel California Restaurant and Cantina.See reviews for Hotel California Restaurant and Cantina here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/hotel-california-restaurant-and-cantina-las-vegas From all appearances, they are simply trying to escape their bad reviews. I leave it up to you to see if they have made any improvements.I did see they finally put a "Main Entrance" sign out front (must have read my review).
5	Great Happy Hour!  3 bars with excellent drink and food specials.  Staff is very friendly.
4	Ok, don't know where to start...the place is nice. Paintings, decorations, comfortable chairs, high ceilings, huge building hard to miss...big sign advertising happy hour! So I had to stop. We asked for chips and salsa because even though is complimentary is only served to those who ask.We also asked about the happy hour specials and were told that it's only happy hour at the bars, not the main dining room. Ok, I'm already feeling stupid paying full price when the person 3 feet away is in a different price zone. But I'm already seating here eating the chips. Didn't seem right to move and start a new bowl of chips somewhere else. I'm not going to upset the waiter, I'll just be upset myself!Ok back to the main dish! This is not. let me repeat...this is not, your regular Mexican food. everything is made with a different twist. Even though we wanted Mexican food we ended up eating Nouvelle Mexique Cuisin al France. Nonetheless the food was good and so were the margaritas. Service? Was very good even tough they should have warned me I was sitting in the "you'r going to pay more than anyone else, while happy people look at you." area.Check please! Or should I say... L'addition S'il vous plait? Little too pricey for Mexican food....unless, YOU'R SITTING IN A HAPPY AREA!
1	Horrible food.  Whoever came up with this menu should be, and probably is, ashamed.  And those among us who are rating this place as anything other than "pitiful," must eat frozen TV dinners at home.  The food is truly as bad as I've ever had--anywhere.
4	Really good Mexican food. Outdoor patio seating is fun.
4	Went there for the first time last night to meetup with some friends. Great atmosphere and friendly staff. I ordered the Chile Rellenos which was fantastic and different than I had ever had. I'll be back for more!
5	Met a group of people here and the ambiance was awesome, the food was awesome, the service was awesome.. And yes I guess the word of the day is Awesome, but, I would much rather write this type of review than have gone to a place where I was writing an unpleasant one. It is a little bit pricey, BUT, you are getting nothing but the freshest of ingredients and best flavor. So with all that being considered it is fairly priced. I do not drink alcohol much, so not much of a judge there, but the Chocolate Cake with the scoop of Ice Cream was very very good. Took care of that Chocolate Craving. Well stop reading my review and get down there to try it yourself!
1	Jajajajajajaja.  (That's laughing in Spanish.)This place got such bad yelps and had such a horrible name that they changed their name!!!  That's right.  They CHANGED THE NAME OF THE RESTAURANT!?!?Funny thing is (jajaja.) that their new name may be worse than the original.  Hotel California conjured visions of bad 70's rock and a downtown hotel here in Vegas that caters to the Hawaiian crowd (mahalo!).  Definitely doesn't bring to mind great Mexican food.  Not many people are even aware that the song by the Eagles, Hotel California, refers to a place in Baja, CA.So, yeah, now it's called Baja Fresh Mexican Grill.  I mean Baja California Restaurant and Cantina.  An even worse name than HC?  Yep.  To me it's like naming a restaurant "Las Vegas, Nevada, Restaurant and Bar."Bottom line though is same ungood food served in a soulless room.  Again, if "Baja" cuisine means cheeseburger, pizza, tacos and paella, count me out...
4	When I wake up the next day, still thinking of how wonderful the meal I ate the night before was, that's great food.  I had eaten here before, and really enjoyed it.  They changed the menu: it  now has more  classic Mexican dishes but they become something at a higher level in this restaurant.  We started with a made- at your- table guacamole: a lovely young lady prepared it the way we wanted- she offered a menu with selections such as mango and chipolte-really excellent - I could taste every flavor and it tasted so fresh-then we had ceviche- a separated trio of halibut, ahi tuna and shrimp- there was watermelon and other flavors and textures that made it really fantastic.  I then had their black bean soup;  I have eaten black bean soup all my life, but this was the best I have ever eaten- smooth and flavorful- I devoured it.  We ordered only one entree, and I was already full, but the presentation of it was so appealing and it tasted so good, I couldn't stop eating it: Pork Pobil  - the meat was just right, tender and the flavors, again, were complex and perfect.  There were rice and beans with the dish,  and they were both fresh, with great texture,  it was a substantial dish, but it was light and didn't make me feel like I'd eaten something heavy, at all. The shot of Mezcal I wanted for dessert, was smooth and the perfect finish.  This food was on par if not better than the many gourmet restaurants on the Strip I dine at frequently, but the biggest and best difference was the much  lower bill at the end.I also enjoyed the enthusiastic service, the atmosphere and the duo that was playing on stage.  I look forward to going back here.
5	Just discovered their happy hour 3 to 7 ... Better prices on drinks than anywhere and great food with free chips... The building especially the outside bar area is spectacular and protected from road noise
5	This place is fantastic.  The service is exceptional.  The owner's wife, Candace, actively walks around talking to all of her guests.  What other restaurant gives such friendly service?Now the food.  I loved the fresh taste the food had.  First off, they had a guacamole server come over with a cart and make fresh guacamole for us.  They even provide a listing of ingredients so the diners can choose what they want in it vs want they don't.  For the main meal I had the taco sampler - with beef, chicken and fish tacos.  The fish tacos really stole the show.  It was like I could taste the freshness of the ocean when eating them.Fresh ingredients + great service = exceptional experience.
4	I really like this place, especially for happy hour! My boyfriend and I stop by here every couple of weeks and this place never disappoints. The staff is always friendly and nice and the food is also good. Try their carne asada tacos in their happy hour menu, they are pretty basic but good. I also like their chicken tortilla soup.
4	4.5 starsI was hesitant to try this place given some of the early reviews, but I was hoping the new owners would make a go of it where several others have failed so we decided to give it a try tonight.  I'm so glad I did.We were seated promptly--it was not busy--and our hostess asked if it was our first visit.  When we said yes, she explained some things about the food, the menu, and the restaurant.  She then left and got our iced teas.I ordered the new pollo con mole which is not the chicken listed on their online menu.  They recently replace the pollo limon with the pollo mole.  My wife ordered the pork Yucatan pibil.  With the meals came a soup or salad and we both got the black bean soup.  It had an excellent flavor, but there was one thing missing.  The soup is pureed black beans and I would have liked some chopped or whole beans for texture.  Still, it was very tasty.Our main dishes were excellent!  The mole on my chicken was rich and had great flavors.  I liked it because it wasn't heavy on the chocolate which I find with some restaurants.  My wife thoroughly enjoyed her pork Yucatan.  Portions were large enough we each could have brought some home for lunch tomorrow, but I, of course, pigged out and ate all of my chicken.For dessert, we shared--sort of--a large piece of tres leches cake.  Yelpers note: with a check in and the purchase of an entree, you get a dessert.  They also have free wifi.Service was excellent all night.  The manager came over and spoke with us about our dinners, and our iced tea was always refilled promptly.  I am so glad I gave Baja California a chance.  We will be back!
4	My three girlfriends and I went to Baja to check it out.  Loved the atmosphere, the food was great, especially loved the salsa and the mojitos!  Three of us were celebrating our birthday's and our server brought us a fabulous dessert on the house!  We are definitely going again.  The food is excellent, prices are very reasonable and they have live music!  What more could you ask for?  Sharon
4	I came here with my parents and all three of us love Mexican.  I must admit at first I was leery since I've driven by so many times but never have stopped in to see it.  But once you enter it's quite an impressive restaurant and has a very polite and attentive wait staff.The menu isn't something your ordinarily see in a Mexican restaurant and a bit pricier, however the caliber of the food and slight changes on traditional dishes made it worthwhile.  I really enjoyed the Boracho beans and Cilantro rice.  I had the traditional fajitas which were both flavorful and aplenty while my parents had the fish tacos.  I must say nobody left here hungry and we all were satisfied with vows to return. If you do visit and I recommend that you do, I suggest getting the Tres Leches for dessert.
3	Dos y dos, carne taco, taco sampler, fried banana, tres leches.  Lots of food for the price paid.
1	I have to say that I was shocked to see this place receive an average of 3.5 stars.  I met my family at this place after a great round of golf and was on cloud nine.  This was several months ago so please forgive my delayed yelping.  My daughter who loves tortilla soup didn't care for theirs.  I tried it and couldn't even think of taking another bite.  Disgusting.  I also tasted the Pizza but once again only one bite.  That was enough for me.  If you can't get soup or pizza right you mine as well close up shop.  I highly recommend a visit to Baja Fresh over this place. I predict 6 months tops and we will see a vacancy sign.
4	So I wrote a review of this restaurant the other day that was not favorable after I saw a 4 star rating.  Let me say that when my family and I ate there several months ago the dinner was horrible to say the least.   I was contacted by an owner as well as their social media manager.  They both asked me to come in for another try as when I ate there they had issues in the kitchen which were later ironed out.   Since I wanted to rate this place again I went in as if I had never eaten there before and told the waitress it was our first time.   I asked what shouldn't be missed when ordering.  She mentioned the fish tacos and the mushroom enchiladas.  We ordered both along with the bean and tortilla soup as well as the carne asada tacos for my son.  We all loved the food.  It was 1000 times better than our experience 4 months ago.  Whatever changes they made were for the better.   The meal was top notch until the desert.  We ordered the tres leches which should have been called UNO leches due to the fact it was more dry than wet.  Bottom line it was horrible.  Everything else including the service was fantastic.   We will definitely return but not order desert.
3	Okay, I'm giving 3 stars because the food was pretty good and the service was great.  But $18 for enchiladas?? Whoaaa now.  $5 roach coach enchiladas could stand up to theirs.  $9 chips and guacamole?? It was good but not $9 good!  I think this place has a complex... You can put cloth napkins and fancy paper menus on the table but in the end you're still a mainstream Mexican restaurant with TONS of competition... CHEAP competition that's just as good.  I won't go back just because of the price unfortunately...
1	I recently gave this place 3 stars for good food, great service, but not so awesome prices.  Reasonable review right?  Apparently, wrong. What I am reviewing with ONE star is the message I received back from the owner.  Not only did she accuse me of being a certain customer who used happy hour, restaurant.com and a yelp check in, she acted as though I had given her restaurant a horribly undeserved 1 star review instead of a more than half 3 star.  As it is, I am NOT that certain customer.  Not only am I not that person, I, as a customer, am extremely put off to learn that the management looks down upon those that use the very coupons they put out to draw people in.  I now realize why this place was completely dead the night we went in.  I do NOT appreciate being put down by ownership.  I thought my review was fair and honest.  Not only will I never be back, I will never recommend this place to anyone, ever.  Fresh food or not,  I don't like to be treated as such!
4	Came here the other night with my best friend's family. The first thing I noticed was how accommodating the restaurant is for those in wheelchairs. The hostess immediately directed us to every single ramp and moved obstacles out of the way ahead of our group. We had the chips, guacamole, and salsa trio to start. The guacamole is very oniony but we all like onions so we loved it. Amongst us we had the beef enchiladas, pork special, chicken enchiladas, and the chicken nugget kids meal. My little friend Dustin was well supplied with sheets for coloring. While the chicken tortilla soup that came with my entree was a little brothier than I'm used to and a little more bland, it was still pretty okay. All of our entrees were good (I loved the rice that accompanied my enchiladas) and the sweet potato tots that I kept snagging from Dustin's plate were delightful. He was also plied with bowls of ice cream which he seemed to really enjoy. We had the friend banana for dessert and couldn't even finish it because we were so full.The food was good, our server was fantastic, and while the prices seemed a bit high, the restaurant.com coupon made it pretty reasonable considering the food and service was great. The restaurant also has a nice look to it; a bit darker and quiet as well as roomy. It made for a great dinner with great friends!
2	Hostess and server were nice. Fish tacos were way too salty. Dinner salad had too much lime but was interesting. Salsa was mediocre at best as was the tortilla soup. They made a big deal about having fresh lime at the table to squeeze over the food but we never got it. We had to ask and got it near the end of the meal. The lime was not much help. The only stand out was the black bean soup. I would pass on this restaurant.
3	I had a mixed  experience here. So math will do the talking...1 atmosphere                                                                                      = 5 stars2 Time of drink delivery                                                                      = 4 stars3 accuracy of drink order                                                                     = 1 star4 accuracy of food order                                                                      = 1 star5 timeliness of the check                                                                   = 5 star6 quality of the food                                                                              = 2 star7 price                                                                                                     = 2 star                                    Total   = 20 stars           / 7  items                                                                                                                     = 2.86 stars (round up for the benefit of doubt) To make my self clear I am pushing towards 2 stars because of my expectations where Not met. As a stated above the Restaurant is better off if I let math do the talking.Now to elaborate on where they failed me: 3 accuracy of drink order  ....I ordered a Blue Smurf virgin (I am driving) was very good, but I asked for a water ALSO. I had to ask twice. I don't like repeating myself.4 accuracy of food order ..... my wife asked for no beans, she hates them. She got beans! They never told me I had rice and beans on mine also, or asked if that was okay.  6 quality of the food .... my wife thought the rice was terrible ("not worth the carbs"), I thought it was okay but that she wanted it because she had asked for extra rice. So we left 2 plates with rice and beans on it. This next part was my fault for not reading: I cant stand sauteed vegetables, which is what they had in it. This was the first time in well over 30 years (I won't say my exact age, damn it my birthday again, and the wife keeps reminding me) that I left Mexican food on the table. I am Not using this as a basis other wise it would be a one star for the Restaurant instead of 3 star. .  {We never return food to the kitchen, we have watched way too many documentaries to know better. }My wife asked me to give them a chance, so I ordered coffee & dessert. Wow, that was really good; leche, I tried a little bit, that was much better then I had in the past. (reason I rounded up)If anyone reads this from the Restaurant, take this as ways to improve: The customer should only ask one time, & make sure the customer knows what to expect. Set expectations. Read back what they are ordering to ensure you have it right, then it is my fault I didn't read it thoroughly.  You only get one chance to make a good impression. You never know, I may try again in the future to give a second chance to change this.
3	We've been here three times. The good, the wait staff has been really good except for the last time. She might have been having an off night so it's ok. Also, the drinks and bar tenders are really good. I can come to this restaurant and order something and it will come out the same every single time. We've almost come just to drink for this exact reason. If it wasn't such a long walk, I have no doubt we would.The bad. The food here really isn't good compared to other Mexican restaurants, I've had three different meals worth of food and the only thing I even kind of liked was the pibil. The second time we were there the server said that the menu was in the process of being redesigned. Overall, this is a great watering hole and the food serviceable but nothing to write home about.
3	This is a beautiful restaurant with a romantic looking patio area. It was too chilly to sit outside though. When you walk to the entrance the sound of water fountains automatically sets you in a relaxing mood. The interior is nicely decorated with wood, stone and a water wall above the bar. We started off with the Chips and Guacamole ($9.00). It has a nice chunky consistency to it. The taste level was good but it wasn't the best I've had. The best Guacamole I've had locally would be just down the street at Islands Burgers. I also ordered their Tortilla soup ($7.00) to warm up. It was not only visually appealing but I liked the way it tasted. It was a little salty for my taste but still was really good. It had chicken, Guajillo Chiles, Tortilla Strips, Queso Fresco, avocado,  crema, small piece of roasted corn, little pieces of radishes. It was also topped with a sliver of a lemon which was great because I love lemon. After I finished the soup it was nice to eat the little piece of corn on the cob because it was sweet. I wanted something exciting and new to eat so I chose the Shrimp and Mango Enchiladas ($18.00). It had Mexican cheeses, shrimp, mango, and  mole sauce. That was delicious! The big disappointment was with the sides. I told the server that I didn't want any beans at all. When my entree comes out  I see beans! I was thinking about sending it back until I tried the rice.The rice was green and hard. It was hard like Uncle Ben's Rice and tasted very bland. I ended up not eating both sides. I think the sides should be an added treat to the meal. Having both sides that didn't taste good made the price of the entree a rip off. I would want to eat this enchilada again but not if it wasn't sold ala carte or if I couldn't choose from different sides. We did a Yelp check in which had an offer for a free dessert. I chose the Tres Leches Cake . It's normally priced at $7.00. My husband said he wasn't going to eat it. This is the first time I saw Tres Leche with berries so of course my husband decided to eat it after all! It wasn't what I was expecting but still very good. I think they should definitely offer an a la carte menu or a menu where the sides can be mixed and matched with the entrees. I know that Wahoo's is opening in the same complex soon and they offer a mix and match menu of Mexican food. I think in order to stay competitive it would be a good idea to switch things up!
3	I would love to be able to give Baja California a better rating than three stars, but I can't.  What's to like?  A lot, it turns out.  On the site of the former Hannah's, followed by a seafood joint for a brief moment in time, this place is spacious and beautiful.  The patio is fabulous, though it was way too cold to be of use now.  There is a cigar lounge with comfy chairs and sofas, tv, and a powerful ventilation system, so all of us addicts don't have to freeze our asses off in the aforementioned patio.  And best of all, the restaurant turns into a Latin nightclub on Friday and Saturday nights, with a live band and a large dance floor.  Unfortunately, on this Friday night, the Latin band would play for 20 minutes, then take an hour break.We were seated immediately and were attended to a server-trainee, but the regular waiter was with him.  The menu touted their house-made Sangria, with it's "secret ingredients," so we decided to go with that.  Even though the waiter affirmed that, yes, it did have liquor added to it, it turned out to taste perfectly ordinary, no better than what's in a Yago bottle.  I also ordered it without ice, and got half a glass.  Much worse, though, was that the menu was a combined food/drink one, and PRINTED in the regular menu, in bold letters, it proclaimed "Two for One Drinks," anytime.  Not a card on the table, as a special promo.  Not a chalkboard special.  Just the regular, everyday policy.  We had a restaurant.com certificate, and when we got the bill, we were dismayed to see that we were charged for four drinks instead of two.  The manager was adamant and unyielding, reading from the certificate about how it's not valid with any other promos.  BUT THIS WAS NOT A PROMO!!  And she wouldn't budge.  But she did offer to bring us a Tres Leches dessert, which we didn't really want or need.  More about that later.Some things are really strange here, foodwise.  First, the Queso Fundido appetizer.  I've spent a lot of time in Mexico, and the hallmark of this dish is the spicy chorizo blended with the melted cheese.  In this restaurant, the chorizo is listed as a $2.50 upcharge.  It's not Queso Fundido without that chorizo, so why not just make that the default and raise the price?There was a choice of soup or salad with our main courses.  We're both nuts about Tortilla Soup, so we opted for that.  It was a very thin broth, but tasted very good, except for the chicken pieces, which I swear came from the same Costco chicken can I'd put in our salads at home the night before.  The chef passing by  swore that it was fresh chicken.  You'll have to be the judge.I ordered the Shrimp Fajitas, and that's when it really turned to Planet Jupiter.  The sizzling shrimp came out on the standard platter, and there were a surprisingly large amount of shrimp, surrounded by the usual pepper and onion suspects.  But where was the pico de gallo, the sour cream, or any of the other accompaniments that always come with fajitas, like a bit of guacamole  "Oh, we don't serve fajitas that way here, but I can bring you those things."  Most incredibly, the tortillas were 4" babies.  One shrimp, no peppers or onions or anything, and I couldn't even fold it over!  My exclamations to the waiter had him bringing out burrito-sized monster tortillas that were way too big.  I just don't get it.  And the shrimp, though plentiful, tasted a bit weird and were overcooked.  Hubby ordered the Pollo in Red Mole, which we were unfamiliar with, so we were given a taste.  It was just like the usual brown mole, but much thinner.  He got some rice along with it, but no beans and no garnish.  He did like his chicken, though.Meanwhile, the restaurant had gotten significantly more crowded, and our trainee was nowhere to be found.  When we were at last able to flag down the waiter who'd been training him, he explained that it was the guy's first day, and he sent him home because he was exhausted.  But that made the service very slow, because our waiter was all over the place, doing it all.  He sure did stay cheerful, though, so props to him for that.Finally, the Tres Leches was okay, but nothing special.  It wasn't soaked enough, and I found it a little bitter.  Again, hubby liked it, but he's a lot easier to please!Yelpers note:  You will not get your free dessert if you check in and also have a coupon.  But that IS a promo, so I can't really complain about that.Will we go back?  I'm not sure.  I'm a Latin music freak, so I loved that part of it, and despite the cliche, I'm a firm believer that you really CAN eat the atmosphere.  Maybe in Spring, when the patio is livable.
5	I came here tonight with a group of air force people and as we all know sometimes large groups in restaurants can end really badly. Not so tonight! Chips and salsa were good. Drinks were good and kept full. I'm pregnant so can't vouch for the alcoholic drinks but most people there seemed to be enjoying them very much. Admittedly I was jealous.I ordered chicken tacos which is pretty basic so I wasn't expecting much. I was pleasantly surprised by how delicious they were! Never before have I been sad to eat all my grilled chicken....it was really that good!Family friendly place, they gave my 2 year old crayons and coloring sheets which is always appreciated. Didn't order off the kids menu since she wasn't hungry but I do know they offer one. I can't wait to go back and try more things here! Super friendly staff and also an awesome military discount of 20%. Just be sure to figure your tip before the discount so they don't stop offering it. :)
1	The place is like attending an event that will never happen.  The ceiling was too high, and the atmosphere anything but cozy.  Sound bounced off the walls like a bus station, and the food at best....mediocre.
