5	I have been to numerous salons in the valley seeking an amazing waxologist and I found her here at Wax in the City.Evanka is outstanding, quick, thorough and super nice. . . The front office staff/owners are soo friendly and always accommodating. They also throw little parties with champagne and chocolates when you come in on a certain promoted day.With your Brazilian you also get a free panty/thong and they are all so cute!
5	I've been going to Wax in the City for over a year now. They are by far the best in town. I can't imagine ever going to a nail salon, or an over priced spa for a waxing service ever again. Their service is friendly and efficient, and I am always happy with their work. For something as potentially painful as waxing can be, they always make it as quick and as pain free as possible. Their prices are moderate, but really it's a steal for the quality of service you're getting!Make an appointment and never wait for more than a few minutes. And if you do happen to wait, grab one of the lobby snacks and watch one of the chick flicks they usually have on rotation on the DVD player.
3	Not a whole lot of ambiance going on which I was used to at Box.  A very medical office type environment but the staff is really friendly.  Love the Australian wax for its gentleness on my skin but wasn't thrilled with the results.  Wasn't as thorough as other waxes.
5	You know what I love? Nice eyebrows. In this town trying to find an esthetician who knows what they are doing is like trying to find a good stylist in this town (meaning needle in a haystack). I went to Ken Vo's salon, 3 other upscale salons, and was never happy with the results. They were always too far apart, too thin, not symmetrical and I could go on and on. I tried threading and my eyes watered like a baby because it was too painful for me no matter how good the result. So I said, look at reviews! So I stumbled upon this place and thought it can't be bad if the whole place specializes in waxing!I showed up 15 minutes late because I got sidetracked, and the appointment in front of mine was already there. So the receptionist said I'd have to wait. I said, of course. It was my fault to begin with, so no problemo. I went down stairs, got a frappe, and waited 15 minutes. My esthetician came out and introduced herself and walked me into a very minimal and clean room (love that it was super clean). I laid down and we chatted a little, and she was very easy to talk to. I told her about my bad experiences before (Chola eyebrows included) and she laughed then started working on my 'brows. She was very quick, efficient, and it was probably one of the most painless waxes i've ever had. She gave me a mirror and ta-da! Eyebrows that matched, weren't too thin, and symmetrical. I was so happy! She asked me about my plans for the rest of the evening and it kind of felt like talking to a girlfriend. I was too impressed by how comfortable I was and her technique. I walked out paid my $16 and felt like I finally found what I have been looking for for 3 years in this town.Wax in the City gives you great prices, friendly service, great technique and best of all, none of that uppity attitudes a lot of salons provide. Thanks to everyone there for a great experience. :)
4	I am one of those people who is loyal to a fault to my esthetician, who is now in Santa Cruz, CA.  However, after a few butcherings from other places here over a long wait I finally decided to try another place.  Wax in the City is convenient to where I live and had good reviews, so I made the appointment.  Evanka did my eyebrows the first time, and she was excellent and meticulous.  I am growing some back that I overplucked, so I waited almost three weeks and had a return trip.  Kelly worked on my eyebrows this time, and she followed the path Evanka started with my growing areas back.I really like the approach here and I felt so feminine and wonderful both times.  I will definitely return and I recommend this place as professional and with staff that listen to clients.  They also are experts in brazilians and do men's waxing too.
5	In honor of Misti's weekly yelp on waxing, I will update this review.  I have been back to WITC for eyebrow waxes every 3ish weeks, but I finally decided to take the plunge and try out a Brazilian.  I only had one bikini wax a la 6 years ago in Texas, and the thought of another was painful.  I had no idea though what a Brazilian really means - I only saw Samantha talking about it in Sex in the City!Evanka really is awesome.  She prepped me on what is painful and what isn't.  I never felt uncomfortable and she is so professional.  In the end, she told me I would be hooked and would keep this up.  I got my free lacy panty on the way out, and purchased a spa cell, a sponge-like thing to prevent ingrown hairs that is used in the shower.Dee at the desk joked, "Will we ever see you again in here, Lisa?" but I assured them I would be back.  and after sporting my bikini that I bought on Blair B.'s insistence, I am truly hooked.  I will be back for more and I hope it gets easier after the first go!
5	Evanka was GREAT. It was my second time getting a wax, and my first time trying Wax In The City. This wax blew my first out of the water. There was little to no pain and Evanka was nice and chatty and it was such a comfortable environment. And you can't help but love the lacy panties you get on your way out :)I'll definitely be going back!
5	Love, love, love this salon. I literally drive over 50 miles round trip and it is worth every mile and every dime spent on gas. I was so nervous about getting a brazilian for the first time, but Evanka was so sweet and put me at ease right away. She kept our conversation going to help take my mind off the pain. The front office staff is incredibly friendly as well and I love the chick flicks they have on in the waiting area. Another thing I love about this place is their attention to time. I never have to wait for my appointments and I'm always in and out in a flash (without sacrificing the quality of my service). This is the only place I will ever go to get waxed!
5	BEST WAXING EXPERIENCE I EVER HAD (including Europe)I have been shaving my bikini area for many years because of a very traumatic waxing experience (burn, blood, bruises...) and let me tell you, my hair became coarse...I mean real coarse, and cannot keep up with the every day shaving maintenance.I learned the hard wax that only few aesthetician are qualified for brazilian waxing.They are called "waxologist"***On the side note:Ladies please DO NOT get your brazilian in one of those chop chop nail places, they are not qualified or trained for body waxing, it can be painful or even dangerous. especially on a sensitive area like bikini.Plus brazilian wax require a very specific training so pleaaase spend a few more bucks and save your self from the pains...STAY AWAY from cheap places!!!***Anyway,So  I finally got the patience to let my hair grow for 3 weeks and make an appointment at 'wax in the city"...fun name, it got my attention!The charming lady who booked my appointment have been able to fit me in for the next day at noon which fit my busy schedules perfectly.Very accommodating!I made an appointment for a  brazilian, eyebrows and full arms.The shop is located on the 2nd floor of a very nice shopping center.The entrance is discreet  and private. perfect for that type of business.The establishment is extremely clean and well lighten.The lady at the front desk was extremely friendly and even gave me some lidocaine gel to apply before waxing because I was nervous and had flashback of my first bikini wax experience.Then Kelly introduced her self, walked me to the room,  explained everything I got to know and answered all my question and just like that, all my fears melted away!She is a very sweet lady, she knows how to make you feel comfortable and really knows what she is doing.She uses only the best quality of wax available, none of that cheap yellow crap that you find in most nail joint and spas.This wax does not burn, does not hurt and its not sticky at all.Its more like a nice warm cake frosting texture!The full arm waxing (i get this done monthly) include the whole hand and fingers all the way up to the shoulder. Very nice! no pain at all and no red skin (my skin is extremely sensitive and I didnt marked at all).Not a single hair left!My eyebrows were uneven from previous waxing and they came out impeccable!Exactly how i wanted.The brazilan was quick and very effective.Not painful as I tought.She offered to pluck out the few shorter hair left and even waxed my tummy line for no extra charge!No double dip, ever!On my way out, I got complimentary cute little tanga ruffle pantie to go with my new brazilian and bought an exfoliating sponge to prevent skin bumps.I definitely recommend this place and Kelly, this was the best waxing experience ever!
5	I've been a customer for well over a year now, and I love this place.  The staff there is very professional, the facility is very contemporary and clean, and the aestheticians do not "double dip" into the wax (very important!).  Brazilians are handled quickly and efficiently and let you leave with a little dignity as well.  Evanka is awesome--actually everyone there is amazing--most of my friends are too chicken to get waxed but I will continue to recommend this place anyway.  I can't say enough about it.  Two thumbs up!  I'll be a customer for a very long time.
5	This is honestly the best wax I've ever had!!! Usually because of bad waxing experiences, I just wax to clean up my bikini area or (most of the time) shave it all off, so of course my hair became thicker and longer with ingrown hairs. This is the first time I got a Brazilian wax and it was actually not that painful. The aesthetician I got was Kelly. She was friendly, polite, and of course professional. She   walked me through the whole process and told me what areas would hurt the most and what didn't. Kelly was also very thorough. If there was one hair that was missed by the wax, she took care of it with tweezers. Kelly is so sweet, because I was so nervous to get waxed (I'm such a pansy =P) She told me stories and made conversation so that I would get my mind off the wax, she even gave me an extra towel to hold on to because I was so scared (lolz). The process was faster than I thought, about 15-20 min to get everything off. Apparently if you get a Brazilian wax, you get a free lace panty =)  plus if this is your first visit you also get $10 off your total.Their office is very clean and it's on the second floor of a shopping center so you can be discreet. The wax that they use is high quality, there's no sticky residue, it's not too hot, and it really does look like cake icing (lolz).THEY DON'T DOUBLE DIP!!!! So you know its very clean and the wax is never contaminated by the person(s) before you. I recommend  WITC (and Kelly) for first timers and bikini veterans, this is the place for you!
2	My least favorite part of my beauty upkeep is Brazilian waxing, but its pool season so its a must. I went here during my vacation to Vegas and was expecting great things after reading the reviews. It was a huge let down. They only had one lady available for waxing, so I had to wait while my bf got waxed. Yes! We did have appointments. So, its my turn and she starts at it. It was so painful I was at a loss for words. I've been getting waxed for over 2 years, every month, and I've never been in so much pain. After all was said and done they gave us a first time discount and we left. I was so sensitive and red for 2 days. That has never happened to me before. My boyfriends chest was even worse, day 5 post-wax he is finally able to go shirtless. This place has a great ambiance and fantastic front desk girl (we got to chat for 45 minutes during my wait), but i wouldn't go back for a Brazilian wax again. I'll stick with my local spot.
5	Loved this place! I was recommended by a friend who said it was amazing, and I couldn't agree more. I got a brazilian done with the owner (I forgot her name), and it was the least painful wax I've ever had. The wax was quick and not painful (compared to other places I've been to). The location is very discreet, and it's small and cute. Everyone was very nice, which is always a plus.
5	Wahoo! Yes, this is as good as it gets! I started coming here after getting my eyebrows destroyed for the last time by the cheap nail salons.  Paying a little extra is worth it to be taken care of by a true professional. I'd say its about $5 more than going to a nail salon. I always feel very welcome and catered to when I come here. I've had multiple staff members wax services and not one was subpar.   Never looked back to a cheap wax.
5	Ask for Raina!  I am SO HAPPY to find this place!  Its very clean, beautiful and easy to get to.  Raina was the girl that did the waxing and she is excellent and seems very experienced.  I've been to others who caused me a lot of pain and so I started doing it myself and it just got to be such a mess.  It was so gentle and so quick.  I was in and out in no time.  And she got every hair!  That is quite a feat when it comes to me... if you know what I mean...    I also asked her to dye my eyebrows... I am 61 and have some white ones!  She did an excellent job and they look so natural.  I felt very comfortable.... not embarrassed at all.  I would definitely recommend her.  I am definitely going back.
5	I made an eyebrow appt. here after reading good reviews on yelp and I am glad I did. It's located in the Richmar shopping center where Grimadis is located, but on the second floor. I liked how comfortable it was inside and my esthetician saw me immediately upon arriving. I was in and out for my eyebrow wax in 15 minutes and she did a great job. It didn't hurt very much and there is very little redness from the waxing! Everyone at the salon was very nice and made me feel super comfortable. I tend to get shy in new situations and a little intimidated, but not at Wax in the City. I will definitely return again. I like that the salon is located on the second floor making it feel more discreet. Nothing worse than having the world know your having unwanted hair removed lol. Their packages are well priced. They offer an eye brow wax, Brazilian, full legs, and upper lip for $135. And if you come again and again your loyalty card gets marked off and after getting all the stamps they will give you $25 off services, not bad! I'll be back!
5	I've gone to this place for years. As long as I've had my eyebrows waxed, going on 15 years now, I've broken out horribly where ever the wax touched. At Wax In The City, no such problem. They use a special kind of wax. It's clean, incredibly sanitary, and they know their business. I'd pay a ton not to have one solid eyebrow and no breakouts but they are super reasonable. They place is very calm, very chill. The ladies are very soothing. Which is what you want if somebody is coming after your nether bits with hot wax. They are discreet, professional, and really know their business.
5	Super fast and waxing didn't hurt much at all. Best of all, I didn't break out at all. My eyebrows were normally $18, but had a yelp check in coupon.  Will definitely be back!
5	Oh my GOD!!!!! The best wax experience ever!  Raina is THE best--- hands down!  She is knowledgeable and makes you feel so comfortable!!!!  I've had some of the worst wax experiences so I was reluctant but I made my follow-up appt and will definitely be a regular client. Thanks Raina!!
5	First time to get waxed here and this place was incredible. The staff was friendly and Raina was amazing. She made me feel comfortable and felt very little pain. The prices are pretty reasonable. I would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a wax.
5	My go to waxing place! Everyone that works here is so friendly. I usually get a full leg and Mia is my go to girl. She's quick and thorough and has great conversation. And the prices aren't ridiculously high like the majority of the other places I've looked at. If you want awesome service for a great price then definitely come here. Plus it's next to some good places to eat too!!
5	I have been waxed several times by Maren and she rocks! I feel clean as a whistle after her QUICK and relatively painless Brazilian wax. I would highly recommend Maren and I for sure will be coming back for more of her waxing soon :)
5	They do the best Brazilians and eyebrow waxes in Vegas. You get a free panty with every Brazilian.  I've gone to Maren, Kelly and a few other girls, everyone is the best and I don't trust any other waxing place!
3	Good wax. Quick - no issues. Coupon on Yelp.
5	I've been coming here ever since I moved to Las Vegas 3 years ago. I am very picky with my eyebrows and I must say that from the first time Kelly waxed my brows I was hooked! She always does a great job and she's  consistant and pays attention to detail! Love her!
5	Just got done getting a Brazilian from Maren and it was great! It was quick and painless. And $60 for a Brazilian?! I'm there! Most places in town charge at least $70. It's in a doctors office near firehouse subs. Head upstairs and it's the first door to your left. Once I walked in I didn't have to wait and headed right in. Maren was super nice and easy to talk to which was wonderful. The facility is also very clean. I'm definitely going to recommend her!
1	I came in twice and both times when I got comfortable with two different girls that did my brows, I called to make an appt again and they were let go. Both times. Seems odd. So I found another place. And the receptionist isn't very friendly.
5	As a guy it can be daunting getting a wax, but the ladies at Just Waxing are very welcoming and do a quick professional job
5	I've been going to Kelly for almost 2 years now and I couldn't be happier. Her new location is inside a quiet doctors office. There is no wait time because she is very efficient yet thorough. She does however take the time to get to know you and make small talk about what's been going on in your life since the last appointment. The services I get are brow and upper lip waxing with an occasional brow tinting. All of which have been quick and virtually painless.
5	I've been coming here for more than 2 years already. The name has changed from Wax in the City to Just Waxing Las Vegas, but you still the same great, friendly, professional service. In the past year my sister and I have been getting our eye brows waxed too, and I just LOVE my brows when Kelly is done with them! My sister loves her's too, every time we come in together, she can't stop looking at them, once Kelly is done. Even after 2 years, I still highly recommend Just Waxing Las Vegas. Don't think I'll be goin anywhere else!
5	As a first timer, I've had a great experience here. Maren is very good at making it as painless as possible and I highly recommend her to anyone looking for an easy waxing experience/recurring appointment.
5	I found this spot after searching through reviews when I moved to vegas. Luckily I came across this gem. Maren has been doing my brows and she is awesome. She keeps my shape without making it look to pencil thin. This spot may be tricky to find. Basically it's next to fireside subs up the stairs and it's the first office door to your left. Definitely check this place out.Clean, reasonable prices, friendly staff.
5	Came here for the first time yesterday. I must say, I was really lost at first. When I found the location, it was inside a doctor's office. Actually, I believe it was shared with two different types of doctor or something to that matter. So when I went it, it was very quiet but there was a sign for Just Waxing at the receptionist counter. When you're a first time customer, you get to fill out a form! I actually didn't have an appointment but I was a very lucky gal! Kelly had some free time after she finished with her client and took me right in. I only needed to get my eyebrows waxed so it was fairly easy. When she took me into her room, it was clean and neat. It was a very organized room and very simple. It didn't take her long to wax my eyebrows and during it, she made some small talk. She asked me a few questions and got to know me a little bit. I had told her where I worked and it turns out she has a lot of clients that also work in the same place so it was pretty cool. In the end, no complaints. Did a pretty good job. Was quick and efficient. Takes cash and card. You pay before you leave the room which is cool. RIGHT ON THE SPOT HAHA. It was $15 for my eyebrows I believe. Will probably come back when I need to get them shaped again. Thanks Kelly! PS: Just remember to make an appointment if you do decide to give her a try. Luck won't happen every time! Derppp
5	So I'm new to waxing, never thought I'd actually do it.  However I'm not new to "man-scaping" and I've gotten to the point where I'm fed up with trimming/shaving.  So after some serious consideration and talking to my wife about it, I figured I'd give it a shot.  Worst case, I wouldn't do it again.Well suffice to say, while yes it's pretty uncomfortable, sometimes a bit painful, it wasn't as bad as I thought.  Maren was super professional and did a fantastic job on my first ever "bro-zilian".She was great, asked if I was uncomfortable or needed to stop if it seemed I was in too much pain.  She also made me feel completely relaxed and kept up a nice casual conversation which believe it or not helped distract me with some of the discomfort.  She followed up after the appointment with care instructions and to let her know if there was anything a miss in the days ahead (ingrown hair, etc).I wouldn't think I'd dig it but honestly came out great and now Maren has a brand new regular client.I would HIGHLY recommend Maren to do any or all of your man-scaping - Brazilian waxing, was very well priced and professional.  Go see Maren for any of your waxing needs!Thank you Maren!
