4	I really have no need for water or ice, but after my second trip to Lolo's Chicken and Waffles in as many days (I ain't scurred), what better way to further reach the upper echelons of any Weight Watcher Point System than to finish lunch hour off with some ice cream? A welcoming sign in the window of the neighboring Water n Ice store proved to offer the opportunity.  My friend and I entered the rather small store to peruse the selections.She ordered a scoop of mint chocolate chip and a scoop of chocolate malted ice cream on a sugar cone. The ice cream was $2.95 and the cone 30 cents extra. We noted a sign indicated credit cards accepted for orders $10 or more. I stepped up and ordered the same. Our third companion refrained from placing an order, but the store owner offered a second sign reading a charge of 95 cents would apply for charges under $10. He stated that is what the bank would charge him and he didn't want to pass that on to customers, but you gotta do what you gotta do. One of us commented on the unique shape of the scoop. Rather than the traditional ice cream scoop that produces a round ball of ice cream, this was an interesting pistol type scoop and release contraption that dropped a square cylindrical pellet like scoop. The owner asked if we were familiar with Thrifty ice cream. We were not. He described how Thrifty was a drug store, big after World War II - but one of the things that most attracted customers to the store was the ice cream. The chain has since sold off to Rite Aid, but the ice cream has continued through some Rite Aid locations in Southern California and various other places such as this Water n Ice franchise.The mint chocolate chip was very good - one of my favorite types of ice cream. The chocolate was a little odd. The chocolate portion was smooth and creamy, but the little pellets of malt (I assume whoopers) were just a little odd. The crowning moment of the experience occurred when I handed my friend the cone while I backed out of the parking spot, buckled up and entered the road. Unfortunately, each exit was a one way street the opposite direction of where I wanted to be - so I took one and had to U-Turn on a side street. Back in the correct direction my friend suggested I better get to licking. A lick or two into it and both scoops flopped off the cone and onto my shirt and pants. Fortunately, I was wearing brown pants and a green shirt. Unfortunately, my cone consisted of chocolate on the bottom and mint on top (the exact opposite of my friend's cone) - so the green ice cream ended up on the brown pants and the brown ice cream on the green shirt. I guess it was so good I decided to save some for later and wear it home. Lesson learned: don't lick and drive.Overall the store and the ice cream were both good experiences. Kudos to the owner for enlightening me/us on the history of Thrifty ice cream. I will probably be back, but next time maybe I better eat it before driving.
4	Two weeks ago I wandered into Water 'n Ice to see what it was all about. I ended up buying a water punch card for $15 with 50 gallons on it. That means 10 cents/gallon for flavorless water. Flavorless is good! They weren't open when I needed a refill so I used the outside water dispenser for .30/per gallon. I am going try the ice cream when Igo back. I've heard it's delicious.I bought a water dispenser at Home Depot today and attached a 5 gallon water bottle. I want to buy a 3 gallon water bottle when I go back so I will have two bottles.Now I will drink more water. Yeah! Just what the Dr. ordered.The owner needs to set up voicemail so the phone doesn't ring and ring when you call to check office hours.
5	I divorced Sparklett's water because for $44 a month, it just wasn't worth me being a lazy bastard. I owned my cooler, and as a new homeowner was trying to keep expenses under control.I did a Yelp search and found this neighborhood Watering (literally) hole. W&I is located in the Albertson's plaza, near LoLo's. While the parking lot is packed, this considerate little store has two dedicated parking spots, and I have never had an issue parking.My first visit, the owner was working, and he was so kind and helpful. I didn't have any lids, so he threw them in for free (usually $1 a piece) and he told me about the prepaid card which saved me $5.00 instantly. The owner proudly described how his water goes through more filtering and more importantly is fresher than Sparklett's, who has to mass produce millions of gallons of water ahead of time. W&I makes water on demand, and honestly the water I got tastes JUST like high-end FIJI water, so the owner wasn't exagerating.Last but not least,, this location has Thrifty's Ice Cream, which any local will tell you is amazing. You can even get a cone, or freshly packed pint.Great job Water & Ice, you have a customer for life!
4	First time here....Good ice cream.  Good service.  Nice people. Will be back.
3	First visit for 15 gallon refill at 40 cents a gallon (40 cents a gallon is nearly double what other suppliers charge).  Tested the water and am please with taste, and therefore the quality.  Good facility for 5 gallon bottle refills (for just around 2 bucks).  I used to get my water refilled at various Walmarts using the "Primo Culligan" branding machines and always liked those although they'd take much longer to fill 15 gallons versus the water n' ice where i can pipeline and get three 5-gallon bottles refilled simulatenously.
5	This place is great. There's no water and ice that you can go to where you feel like home, as much as this place. The owner is very welcoming and humble from the moment you walk in. I always get my water here, because it tastes the best by far. Highly recommend!(and yes, the ice cream is wonderful as well)
5	Love this place! !!!!!!  They have Thrifty Icecream...  the best and the staff is helpful and courteous.   Pick this plave when you need water!
1	My experience was in buying a 3 gallon water bottle.it was overpriced. I later purchased two more of better quality and less money at a Water & Ice in Chandler. I was talked down to, told vending machine water is bad and his bottle was a better quality plastic.
