4	With the Boulder/Racetrack Dunkin closing as quickly as it had opened, this is now their closest location to my house. After dropping my girlfriend off at work, I would often stop here and pick up coffee and donuts for my father. After all, they have what is quite possibly the best of each item in the business. However, on more than one occasion, they had put sugar/cream in my father's coffee when I distinctly asked them not to (my father has recently had some heart conditions, and his father before him was a diabetic in his later years, so this wasn't only a mistake, it was a potential disaster in the making.) Honestly, I was ready to write this place a negative review, and had even complained via e-mail on their website. A few days later, I got an e-mail from the local franchise owner, apologizing for the incidents, and even offering me 2 coupons, each good for a free cup of coffee and breakfast item (donut, bagel, etc.) This is the way you serve your customers. It is great to find a local franchise and its owner that aren't afraid to admit they have done wrong, and help their customers after it all. Plus, since this incident, they haven't once messed up my order, so my words to them definitely have made an impact.This place really won me over through this all, despite past mistakes. So needless to say, I'm going to keep returning. Glad to find a place like this that actually cares.
4	My 2nd time at a Dunkin Donuts and the cherry filled donuts with tea was awesome.On a great strip of stores in Henderson
4	DISCLAIMER - This review is for the pumpkin cake doughnut only since I am not a big doughnut person.On my quest for pumpkin madness this month someone set me on the scent of this puppy and it was totally worth it. If you have not been yet you must go. The pumpkin cake doughnut it amazing!I am a NUT about that doughNUT. LOL.
3	I was running early for work for once, so I decided to pop into Dunkin Donuts to try the seasonal pumpkin spice latte. Since I was stopping, I decided I should also pick up some Munchkins for my coworkers.The 20 oz latte cost me $3.99. Seemed high to me, the home of the crazy expensive coffee (Starbucks) doesn't even charge that much. And it was a yummy latte, but 20 oz. just isn't enough caffeine for the price. 25 Munchkins were just over $5. Again, seems pricey for what you get. Next time I want to bring my coworkers donuts, or get a caffeine fix before work, I think I will try a locally owned spot or even Starbucks... This location does have a drive-thru though, so I MAY be back...
3	My bf and I have started a new tradition of weekend coffee. I am not a big coffee drinker but after trying starbucks, McD's this was next on my list to try. YUM. I didnt order donuts or anything else but I was tempted to order breakfast after reading about their offerings on the Eat This Not that emails I get. Next time I stop by I will have to try their breakfast and update my review. I will note that the coffee was about the same price as other places but they did fill it quite low to the line, like an inch!
2	Great service and closest to home, but they never seem to have chocolate creme filled donuts. Boo hoo. Maybe I should cut back... lol. :P
5	I decided to try the new breakfast sandwich - The Smokehouse Sausage -  today...and well.... it was awesome!  The sausage had really good flavor and everything was cooked perfectly. I was especially impressed that it looked really close to the picture on the website. That never happens. I will definitely order this breakfast sandwich again. :)
3	Conveniently located right off of the freeway. Love the drive-thru. From what I remember, the drive-thru flowed quickly. There wasn't too long of a long on most days. Good donuts. However, I wasn't too fond of their coffee drinks.
4	Dunkin Donuts (DD) was a part of my New York childhood. When DD followed me to the Vegas Valley in 2007, I became reacquainted with this New York icon.   Unlike Starbucks, there isn't a DD at nearly every intersection. So my visits to this DD is generally in the morning if I am headed to a southeast destination (usually a hiking trail).  I am a fan of DD. Ironically, I am a fan of their bagels and coffee. New Yorkers including myself consider DD coffee top of the line. I always add light blueberry syrup to my coffee. Where else can coffee drinkers get blueberry syrup for their coffee. Then, there are the toasted bagels. Whenever they are available, I order the toasted blueberry bagel with cream cheese. So, I order the number 3, a coffee with a bagel and cream cheese. I rarely order the donuts. In my eyes Dunkin Donuts is Dunkin Bagels.   I remember when this location opened, it was an event. People flooded the shop, and Vegas experienced Dunkin Donuts mania. Since then some Dunkin Donuts have folded. Fortunately, this location has been jumping on my Saturday morning visits-and they're opened a store on Eastern north of St. Rose Parkway.Return factor: High.
5	I love this Dunkin Donuts.  There is a really nice woman named Anna who works there.  She has my favorite order memorized (a medium iced coffee with cinnamon, french vanilla, cream, and two Sweet 'N Lows).  She is always smiley and friendly, as are the other people who work there.  I have gotten into the habit of visiting Dunkin Donuts every day because I feel like the service (and the coffee) is better than some higher-priced places (NOT a Starbucks fan... sorry).  I guess I am officially a "regular" here... yay!
2	I'm on Yelp to find local options for things yet here I am posting a review for a donut chain location. Ugh. Even though Friendly Donuts in Henderson is closer to where I live my wife and I wanted something different so I've ended up here every weekend for the past month to get our weekend sugar fix. I'm old school on donuts. I don't want frou-frou drinks, breakfast sandwiches, or bagels. I want donuts, in stock, fresh, and without a line out the door to get them. Dunkin meets those expectations...sort of. Unfortunately the donuts are not that special. I like a good cinnamon donut but not when I pick it up and get covered in a cloud of cinnamon powder. (Although it does smell good). The Boston Creme donuts just don't have enough creme in them. Compared to what Friendly offers the fillings are downright skimpy. They've been out of blueberry cake donuts 2 out of 4 times now. And when I bought "doughnut holes" that they have a fancy name for, instead of just the plain ones I asked for I got some raspberry filled ones that ended up in the trash. Bleech. If I go to a chain location there's one expectation I always have. Consistency. It's maddeningly absent at this Dunkin location. My hunch is I'll be looking at the new Kolache place up on Sunset or going back to Friendly Donuts for our weekend sugar fix. 2 stars: Donuts with chocolate icing makes one overlook a lot of problems as chocolate makes almost everything better. And the service with a smile I always get earns a star as well. Note: Coming off I-215 a U-turn or driving through a parking lot are required to get to this location.
2	This DD location keeps annoying me. Their favorite word  is "Out". We're out of this, we're out of that, the bakery was out of this and never sent it or corporate was out of that, yadda yadda. If you like excuses for breakfast this is the DD location for you. You can hop right off I-215, get your excuses and a dozen donuts that were not quite what you really wanted and be on your grumbling way in about 10 minutes.Oh and the coffee is not all that either. A bottle of Starbucks Frappuccino can be found in the cooler at the 7-11 a half block South and even that waxy stuff in a bottle will taste better than the DD stuff.
3	Sean J. is right on about them being out of stock. They are practically out of every bagel. I just got their last sesame bagel.  On this visit, the woman who served me was more interested in talking to the other employees than customer service. No "welcome to Dunkin Donuts" or "Have a nice day." In ear range they even talked about blueberry syrup sounding disgusting when that was what I put in my coffee. A major difference than the customer service at Einstein Bagels. From seeing all the out of stocks on a Saturday morning and indifferent customer service, I could see why Dunkin Donuts have closed stores.   Regardless of the outs and indifferent customer service, I give this Dunkin Donuts 3 stars. A one star demotion from my past review. The toasted sesame bagel  with cream cheese and medium coffee with blueberry syrup is a value for $4.31. And it was rude of me for walking in and ruining their conversation (L.O.L).
3	Sigh.  I don't wanna do it to ya, DD, but I have to take away a couple of stars.I am the duchess of this location right now, and for good reason - no one has over 100 check-ins at a business if they don't like the product.  It's true.  I like DD coffee.  Or, well, I do in the afternoon and evening.  The morning?  Well...Some time ago, a bunch of new staff members were hired for the morning crew.  I don't know what happened or where they found these guys, but the quality has suffered big time since the crew changed.  My order has been wrong more times than it has been right.  I soooo rarely attempt to order actual food here, but in truth, I haven't actually EATEN any of the food here because they have been out of what I wanted every single time.  It may be good, but I wouldn't know.  The new crew members are really snarky.  They roll their eyes if your order is too long or complicated, or if they just don't feel like making it.  Oh, you're tired??  You don't feel like doing it??  Suck it up.  It's your job.  It may be a SUCKY job, but it's your job nonetheless.I haven't checked in at this place in a few days.  It may be a while, actually.  I think my DD love is waning.
3	The wife and I have a ritual that whenever I have a day off of my regular work schedule we wake up and head straight to DD. This location is relatively small, pretty clean, and the workers are pretty quick with the coffee.My biggest gripe is the low selection of munchkins they have. Last time we went they only had chocolate glazed, glazed, and strawberry jam. One of my favorite childhood memories of busting open a box of munchkins was the variety. This location robs me of that :( A corporate decision? A franchiser decision? Regional differences? Who knows. Maybe I'm spoiled coming from MA, the home state of DD, but come on!!!The layout could be better. As you stand in line you can't see all the donuts in the display case because they decided to have the counter and the display case right in the middle so as you walk in the coffee machines block your view until you get right up to the counter :(I suppose I'll have to check out the location on South Easton one of these days.
5	Yay!  It's back up to five stars! In my previous three-star review, I addressed some issues related to service and how they stock products.  Guess someone has been listening (I also complained in person), because a lot of those problems have been rectified.  The morning crew is a lot more friendly these days and have done a better job keeping their items in stock and ready.  I have been there every day this week and have received stellar service, fresh donuts, and delicious coffee.Oh!  And I finally tried one of their breakfast sandwiches!  I'm absolutely ADDICTED to the turkey sausage egg white flat.  It's gotten so bad that I have had one for breakfast and then gone back to eat my dinner at the Dunkin Donuts!
3	Did someone there read my review? I walked in the other day and saw a wider selection of munchkins than before! So awesome, but not enough for another star. Why? Still really hate the the setup of the shop where you can only see the donuts in the display case when you get up to the counter versus being able view them as you stand in line like in other locations. Even when there is nobody behind me I still feel rushed ordering since I can't view them without standing in front of the cash register. I'm sure the bagged coffee display behind me makes it seem like someone is standing right behind me.
5	What can I say......?!?  We live in California, where coffee is shitty (sorry Starbucks & Coffee Bean) & service doesnt come with a smile.  DD is always a welcomed treat.  Service was prompt & the restrooms were clean.  Thats about all I need in this lifetime.  :)
3	Great staff but ran out of donuts twice!
4	3.5 starsFast service, decent coffee, yummy breakfast sandwich.  That's all I can ask for... ...except this time.  I asked for one of those brownie batter donuts I've been seeing commercials for.  Man, they look so good.  The girl said, "we don't make them here and we ran out this morning."  Um... you don't make the donuts there?  Minus half a star.  And you don't have anymore of the donuts there?  Minus 1 star.  I'm being harsh here but if you don't make the donuts on premise then you really ought to have enough on hand.  Otherwise a clean DD with decent service.  I'm sure I'll update this (hopefully with increasing star rating) in the future.
3	Love, love, love the blueberry coffee here when it's done right! I order the saaaaaame thing, sometimes 2-3x a week for the past year+, I'm the person who will freak if they put sugar in it, so you'd think they would remember. This location makes a quick run for coffee kind of impossible, since it isn't too close to where I live. The staff is all over the place. The person who was super friendly one day will have a major attitude during my next visit. The moods are never consistent. I also have to mention...I remember they had this really weird situation happening where an employee was in jail and they had a tip cup trying to raise money to get her out? WTH was that about?!?!
4	Big fan! I always get my morning coffee here.  If going thru drive thru check your order for accuracy.
3	The donuts are okay. The sweet tea was not very good. The service was so-so. First the donut selection is better than that of krispy kreme however the donut itself is not as soft so it's a toss up. The ambiance at this location was non-existant. Just tables and chairs. Nothing too special. They did have seating outside but it seemed a little cramped. I went there during a slower time *not many people in the store* however the tables were dirty. It's a bit too pricey for the service and quality received.
1	Ice tea tasted like coffee today:( yuck!  Asked for extra ice, got nothing.... Sad day at dunkin
5	My favorite Dunkin Donuts for sure! Great service, they know what I like, the wifi is super convenient / always available and my iced coffee with cream and sugar always makes me feel FABULOUS! Thx :*
1	Went to this location twice in the last month and they got my order wrong each time.  First incident- (in store) I ordered 2 tuna wraps and a sausage and egg croissant. They have me 2 very small egg wraps and a BURNT ham and cheese croissant. Second incident- (drive thru) I ordered a sweetened iced tea and a dozen assorted donuts. The girl taking my order asked me to repeat it twice. What did I get? An unsweetened iced tea and a dozen glazed donuts. I also had a $1 off mobile coupon on my DD app. The girl at the window was unsuccessful in scanning my phone so she tried to manually enter the promo code in her computer. Still couldn't get it to work so she said, " it's actually cheaper without the coupon." .........say what?!!?  I didn't even want to try to understand what just happened. Thought I'd be coming here a lot since it's only a 3 minute drive from home. Not the case at all.Note to self:  drive the extra 7 minutes to Krispy Kreme on Eastern.
1	Thought id give this place another try. Ordered a medium French vanilla iced latte and powdered jelly donut. What did I get? ...a regular iced coffee and sugar jelly donut. Lol oh man. Maybe I should just try ordering the opposite and I'll actually get what I want.
2	Always make sure to have them repeat your order in the drive thru. They always mess up my order and I end up having to drive back to get it replaced. How do they stay in business like this?
4	Duncan made me a coffee drinker.  Best coffee I've ever tasted.  This place is nice but avoid the am rush. Has a drive thru too!
4	This location of Dunkin' seems to always satisfy me.   The dining area has been very clean on every visit.   There are plenty of tables and seats for those who aren't in a hurry.  It's very spacious comparatively to the other Henderson location.  They coffee varieties are always stocked for my Keurig. I actually noticed them selling a Keurig machine for those in need.  It's very convenient of them! The cashier's here have also been very friendly and helpful.  I've always had wonderful experiences visiting here... even though it's just a short few minutes.  Thanks Dunkin' for the good coffee and sugary goodness!
1	Guys. You charge .99 for one donut but 5.99 for a half dozen.  C'mon fix the sign.  I have brought this before on premise but the argued the sign wasn't wrong, but inside it's still 5.99.   fix the sign.
3	I grew up with Dunkin Donuts and I LOVE them, I will choose Dunkin over Starbucks in a second. Unfortunately the service here is lacking. If I were reviewing the coffee and drinks this would be a 5 star.  The service is friendly, and when we ever had an issue it was indeed professionally solved. I think the there may be issues with their speaker system, we have asked for hot coffee and gotten iced more than once, instances like that. So if you are on your way to work repeat your order and clarify they are in the same boat. Otherwise clean and quick. I will keep going, I just make sure they hear me correctly in the drive thru. It could be the best advice here! :)
2	As Double Ds go this is just like all the others. Its clean, convenient, the service is about average. They are fast and efficient and all seem to enjoy working there. All except one who with her attitude and demeanor seems to be bringing the whole establishment down. No bedside manner, no sense of decorum, and outright rude for working at a place where cranky people go early in the morning to get their happy juice and fat pill fix. When she served me my sausage egg and cheese croissant she just threw it on the counter. When I went to get it she just pointed at it like I was hearing impaired. When I took it out of the bag it looked like she sat on it before serving it (see pic). I love DD and prefer it over any other national donut chain (my favorite is Real Donuts) and the only good news is I don't live in this area so I don't have to come here again.
5	This store is the best.  The workers there have been there for awhile and they are all nice and courteous.  The coffee is always fresh and it is very clean in there.  And even though it is busy most of the time, they are always quick.
4	This Dunkin is probably the best one I've been to in the Vegas valley. The service is fast and friendly, and I've never had an issue with any of the food or drinks here. The original glazed are some of the best, and while I don't particularly care for some of the "specialty" doughnuts (i.e. Cookie dough and blueberry pie) the regular doughnuts are pretty good.The hubby also always orders a large iced latte with mocha. While I don't particularly care for it, it is definitely a better deal than Starbucks!
4	Needing that DD coffee fix we stopped in. Pulling around back to the drive through it was 7 cars deep so we went inside. Got the usual XL coffee and was on our way. Friendly staff as most locations have so I would stop here again when in the area.
4	A special treat that was well earned after spending the day at DMV!   Doughnuts are fresh... Good selection...
1	I love DD! Their coffee is the best. But this particular location has really gone down in the customer service. There is usually no line and they are consistently rude when ordering and at the window. Whats the deal??? Great coffee, rude people. Thats a bummer.
5	My kids and I really like it here.  It's quaint, clean,  and friendly.  We will come here every Sunday for the "" winter" then it's back to Ice Cream
1	I'm not going back to this Dunkin' Donuts. I'm new to this state and we didn't have a Dunkin' Donuts in California. I decided to try the shop and went in and got this lady.. she seemed annoyed when I asked her opinion on the best coffee. Anyway I went back today and was given the wrong order. I get this weird feeling she did it on purpose and was sent from lucifer lol.... Nothing more annoying
