4	First, i'm not a fish eating person. but i was meeting my friend for lunch yesterday and figured this would be a good place to start..we both commented on how cute its signage was and we remember it used to be over on Buckeye. but now it's firmly placed just off the 24th Street Light Rail exit on jefferson.i was waiting around for my friend's train to arrive and the smell of Mandy's was intoxicating. i was getting hungry minute by minute. finally train arrives and we head over to the end of the light rail platform, jump over the rail gate and cross the street to Mandy's.yes..we could have done the right thing and walked all the way back to 24th street. but lets face it..why. its right there. RIGHT THERE~!!anyways..so again..not being one to eat fishy creatures that once swam in water..i got the double cheese burger, some onion rings and a drink. friend got the Fish and chips combo. white fish..i think it was cod, they have the option to coat with corn meal, or London style. which im guessing is a beer batter. similar to how the onion rings were coated.burger..cheesy, juicy, and very good. onion rings, cripsy-crunchy and full of onion flavor. fries..well..could be better..and i tried a small taste of the fish..it was good..for fish. i highly recommend people check out Mandy's..i'm honestly shocked to be the first to review. SHOCKED..ok.off the lightrail...just a couple minutes from the Priest train station.not too far from Mill either. jump on this place.OMG i almost forgot..they have Thrifty Brand Ice Cream. !!!!!!
4	I liked Mandy's because: * It's right off the light rail, so I can travel from work to here in a matter of minutes without having to deal with traffic. * Their catfish is wonderfully crispy and flavorful, pulled freshly out of the fryer. * They serve catfish all week long. But I'm not crazy about: * Those odd crackhead sitting behind me acting like they were playing hookie from high school. * The amount of time it took to prepare my meal. (Okay, this is one of those "I want it fresh but I want it fast" so I'll nullify the weight of this one. * Decor was nonexistent. If you're going and have limited time for lunch, I'd recommend calling in your order. All in all a very nice lunch and a good excuse to ride the rail over lunch.
2	I was in the mood for some catfish, so I decided to try the 12 East Cafe on Jefferson.  Unfortunately, they apparently close at 3:00pm.  There I was, right between Mrs. White's to the West and Mandy's Fish and Chips to the East.  I hopped on the train and got off at  the next stop east, and sure enough, there was Mandy's, "right there."  The building looked like a second hand fast food joint.  The parking lot was completely empty, and the door facing the metro rail was locked.  the drive-thru sign was on, but the open sign was off.  I decided to try another door, and it was unlocked.  It turns out that they had just forgotten to turn the sign on!The inside was Spartan, but clean. At the counter, I ordered the fish and chicken combo plate with a soda, and I asked to substitute hush-puppies for the fries.  The total came to $12.00 even.  The food was brought to me in about 4-5 min. The fish was pretty good, moist inside with a really nice, light corn batter.The chicken strips however, were on the dry side, but that's why God made spicey dipping sauce.  The hush-puppies, on the other hand, were beyond saving.  These dense, little, under cooked, bland lumps were truly the worst push-puppies I have ever eaten.  This may sound like a joke, but Long John Silver's hush-puppies are way better.  Overall,  It's a Nice, little fish and chips place.  If I try it again I'll get fries or onion rings if they have them.  The locked door I encountered when I first approached the building was actually being looked at by a lock smith as I was leaving, so that at least has been fixed.
4	i was surprised to find a nice fish fry here in phx.  Fried whitings....an east coast favorite was well seasoned and yummy.  And  sweet potato pie!Not cheap but not overly expensive. Nice seating booths. Near airport and light rail.phx is a huge city with little jewels like this scattered about. Glad I found this one.FYI area is a bit sketchy but it is light rail accessible.
4	Although I rounded up to 4 stars, I'd really rate it about a 3.8 if we could do decimals here on Yelp.Short and to the point:Service  - fairly quick, even for a Friday lunch.Prices - very reasonable - $10 for a 2-piece entree and two sidesFried Okra - excellent - about an 8 on a scale of 10. (  And I'm from TX, so I know me some good fried Okry.  )Catfish - oddly shaped/sized - about 10 inches long and about an inch wide, with a slight twist.  Never had catfish shaped like this.  They were almost "over-sized catfish tenders" in a way.  Breading was basic cornmeal - did not notice any other spice.  They did however seem to be cooked for the PERFECT length of time - perfect crust, fish inside perfectly cooked and not dry at all, and no greasiness in sight.  I'd give this a higher score if the crust had a little more seasoning, but I give it about a 7 on a 10 scale.French Fries - tasty, but nothing out of the ordinary.Potato salad - again, tasty but nothing to set it apart.The bad:My lunchmate had the fried Cod, and if they DO offer a second type of breading other than cornmeal, it was not offered or clearly marked on the menu, as far as we could see.SO, because of that lack of info, his Cod came "cornmeal breaded" and he does not like that breading.  So he gives it 1 star for either not telling him or offering him the second crust option.I'll be going back.  It's fairly close to both work and home, so that's a plus.
5	Just ate here for the first time today and it was awesome!!  Had the Catfish Sandwich and the best I have had since Chicago.. You need to eat here!!
4	Nice variety of fried foods. Not too hard to find. Hours are great for us late eaters. Mandy is a respectable dude, very attentive and cut me a deal on some extra cod! Some ppl dont lije the cornmeal breading but i luv it. Ive been looking for a good fish house and have been to a few in the area. Im from baltimore and washington state aka 2 of the best seafood cities, and Mandys aint up to that stardom but closest comparison in this area. If u know of better let me know. Gave 4 out of 5 because other than the owner the other workers are average, and the prices will dig in ya pocket a little bit.
5	Get the fish! Skip the chips! Few things are better than a made-to-order, hand-breaded, fresh, fish sandwich. This catfish filet was NOT frozen. The cornmeal breading was very crunchy. Cooked perfectly. Light, flaky, NOT greasy at all. Just a perfect sandwich all around. Get this, the combo plate was only $6.50. Seriously? Awesome.When asked if I wanted hot sauce or mayo on the sandwich, I replied, "both." BEST DECISION EVER! The hot sauce adds the necessary flavor to the mildly seasoned breading while the mayo provides the creaminess that a tartar sauce adds without the overwhelming tartar flavor. (Note: I'm not a big tartar sauce fan b/c it hides the flavor of the fish).So, skip the fries. They're just frozen potatoes that don't taste like anything. I'm still giving Mandy's 5 stars, because the sandwich was truly exceptional. And honestly, didn't come for the fries. But ask them which sides are made on site. The onion rings and fried okra are probably good. PS-don't worry about it being catfish. It's seriously good.PPS-I grew up around a LOT of fish fries in Kentucky. No catfish has ever been this good. GO!
5	If you truly love fish this is the spot. I went in at Mandys and ordered the cat combo which includes three catfish three shrimp and chips, truly it was the best decision ever.
4	Had a massive craving for catfish on a Sunday afternoon and wanted some cheap take out. Came across this place that is not too far from my hood and decided to give it a try. I ordered the 3 piece catfish and chips and a side of clam strips. My catfish was amazing!! The fries, the poor fries, they were the only reason this wasn't a 5 star review. They were soggy and tasteless, but the fish and clams made up for it. This place is cheap and delicious and I will be back again soon. Also tried the whitefish on their menu and it was really tasty as well.Catfish is served ALL week long, yay!!
3	Was stuck out of town during Lent so I was put in charge of finding a place to get fish n chips while we were in Tempe.  I have to admit the place was probably better than the first one I called, but I would still call it average.First, is child labor laws different in Arizona than California?  I went to pick up the food and the only person who seemed to be working in the place was this kid who I swear looked 12.  He was amazingly friendly, but I was kinda weirded out.  Food is good.  Not great, but good.  We ordered the 12 piece cod combo (for 3 people-huge mistake), and we were hoping it would be that golden batter that you would find at HS Salt or someplace like that.  Unfortunately, it had the fried catfish batter.  However, it was still good and we ate it happily.  The fries and deep fried mushrooms were also tasty.  But if you are looking for that golden batter, you may want to try someplace else.
4	Have you ever been riding along and a place catches your eye and for whatever reason you can't stop but vow to return to that place one day? Mandy's was that place for me. Right off the light rail stop at 24th Street, I was continually passing it by on my commute from Mesa to Downtown Phoenix and back again.When a friend of mine at work had yet to experience the light rail, I knew a perfect opportunity for her to ride it would be an excursion for lunch and Mandy's would be the ideal place for us to go. Believe me, Ms. Mandy did NOT dissapoint. Almost everything there is fresh and homemade.  The fish was tasty and not greasy and the tartar sauce was chunky and creamy. The cocktail sauce was a tad vinegary for my liking, but it had good flavor.The only thing that I think would take this place to the next level and give it an extra star is some hand cut fresh 'chips' because while cooked well, you can tell they came out of a bag. I'll definitely be returning and bringing friends with me next time!
5	visited for the first time today,  and really liked it.  Mandy was very friendly and talked over the menu with me it being my first time.  The Cod was amazing and juicy not greasy! I really liked the homemade cocktail sauce.  I am glad I stopped in and I am sure I will be back.
4	This place was really good. Randomly went here with some friends and I'll definitely be returning.I had a 3 piece combo (catfish & whiting) with shrimp, fries and hush puppies. The whiting is really good, better than the catfish. Shrimp was good, glad the pieces weren't small. I liked the fries, soft vs. crunchy. I didn't make it to the hush puppies, that was the only thing that didn't look appetizing. I did try some fried okra, that was really good too.The fried fish and seafood are really good. This place is relatively cheap. For $10 I don't know if there is a better option in Arizona. Definitely the best fried seafood I've had in Arizona.This place is not in the best location, it's behind the light rail but it's worth finding.
4	It's so difficult to find a good fish fry place in Phoenix but I think this is pretty good. I had the catfish and shrimp combo with fries. At first bite I was surprised at how great it was. Not bland at all like another nearby place. The shrimp was butterfly and the breading on both the catfish and the shrimp was really good....not too much and not too little. I think if you're looking for a place with good fried fish, you definitely need to check it out!!
3	I went to the location on Southern and 16th street but didn't see that one listed so I decided to review this location, since it's the same food. I went in on my lunch break one day after a co-worker told me to check it out. I tried calling in advance, since on their flyer they advertise "ready in 15 minutes" if you call ahead and everytime I called, it was busy. I made sure to let them know that when I got there that had happened. They were checking into it before I left.Staff was friendly. I ordered a catfish sandwich, fried okra and a drink for $9. Food took about 10 minutes to make but it was nice and cool inside the restaurant so I didn't mind waiting. I asked for ranch and tartar sauce on the side. The tartar sauce for some reason is really good and I don't even like tartar sauce! I ate it with my sandwich and fried okra. The okra was pretty good and they give you a lot for $2.99. The catfish on the other hand wasn't my favorite. I keep reading that everyone loves their catfish but there were pieces of mine in my sandwich half cut and that made me feel weird to eat it. I also didn't think it had much flavor and felt the cornmeal breading was similar looking and eating to bird feed. They have a lot of choices; everything from fish to burgers so I think next time I will try something else. All in all, it was so-so. I would probably come back.
5	This location is isolated for being by the light rail. We stopped by on a Sunday at noon. There were no other customers at the time. The establishment is very clean and ventilated. The style has character and thankfully does not clutter the walls with kitchy decorations. The staff is very friendly as well as attentive. We ordered fried calamari rings and catfish shrimp combos with drinks. The prices are very reasonable, although there was a discrepancy on the chalk written price. The fish is freshly battered on the spot and the food is cooked in a timely manner. The batter and oil for each food item is specialized. The calamari rings were excellent with the marinara sauce. They were not too crunchy and not too rubbery, just perfect. The catfish came in three long strips over steak fries, three shrimp, and sides of sauces. Moist, tender, crunchy, and packed with flavor is how I would describe both the catfish and butterfly shrimp. The green tea reminds me of the imported teas in international markets in california. We will order from this place for office lunches in the future.
4	I had the gyro and it was above average. This place is very deceptive. Once inside you are taken back by how nice it looks. The food is fresh and does take a little time to get to you but it's worth it. Just needs a little heat. That's the Arizonan in me, I need to sweat a little with my food. I just added Tabasco sauce. Great little restaurant
2	Slow services, mediocre value and dull flavors. If you are going for a gut bomb don't you want it to be the most wonderful gluttonous meal you can have? If so this may not be the place for your next calorie bender. Inside an hard to access due to light rail old fast food joint you will find this place.  The menu is simple enough, But ordering will take some time as one person is the cashier, order taker, phone person and even waiter to bring over the food. I can only imagine the kitchen has the same setup as our food (alll fried) took nearly 30 min to get. The fried fish it self was decent but nothing special, a bland cornmeal crust over white. fish.  IT was fresh testing but the bland breading did not due much. A big issue I also had was with their sauce rationing, why must I pay for more tartar sauce or cocktail sauce, is it my fault you did not put the flavor in the dish it self?
5	Surprisingly empty during lunch hour. No frills restaurant located off of the 28th Street /Washington light rail station. Had the three piece catfish meal with fries,  shrimp, hush puppies and a large drink for under $12. Meal is cooked to order instead of sitting in a bin under a heat lamp waiting for you. Generous portions, scalding hot, and unlike those other places comes with more fish than breading. Flavorful and great value. Definitely will be back.
5	I stuffed myself...to an inappropriate level. Each piece of fish is perfectly crisp and fried. The oil is fresh so the fish is always light and fluffy on the inside and crunchy on the outside. They're secret is the cornmeal fry mixture they use. They also use it in their hushpuppies---TO DIE FOR!!! Next time i'm going for the slaw and sweet potato side.  This'll be my new late-night haunt for folks when they come to visit.
5	I was looking for Fish on a Friday with three kids in the car and didn't want to get out. No problem because Mandy ' s has a mother's most coveted convenience, a Drive through!  If you don't call ahead expect to wait because the fish is freshly cooked. Crispy, hot and delicious. We may have to make this a regular Friday event and add dessert. They have perfectly cooked sweet potatoes pie to satisfy that sweet tooth. Yum yum delicious Mandy's.
1	Coworkers suggested Mandy's, so I swung by for some dinner. Ordered a special of 3 pieces of cod & 3 shrimp with fries & a drink. Asked for the 1 cod with English breading, the other 2 with cornmeal. Got the reverse. The shrimp were fine. Nothing special. The cornmeal cod was perfect. Cooked just right & crunchy as expected. The English style were over-breaded, greasy, flat, small pieces of some non-cod white fish that was so overcooked it was black.Never got a cup for a drink, but I'm not a soda drinker to begin, so no major loss. Yet still feel jipped. The fries were limp & flavorless. Not impressed at all. Either my coworkers have crappy taste or the cook at dinner time had a very off night. Considering there was one other person in there, it's not like they were rushed & should've messed up the order to this level of epic bad. Made me wish Jack in the Box would bring back their fish & chips n
4	So the Proprietor of my favorite Fish and Chips "Joint" (Marilyn's on Central) mentioned that his Sister runs one close to Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport and this is it.What I said about Marilyn's:           The fish? OMG, the best! Have had all three varieties of Fish (Cod, Catfish and               Whiting) but being from Boston, COD is my absolute favorite and this is the            very best "Fried Cod" I have ever had. Don't generally like Catfish, but Marilyn's            is terrific! Want to try ALL three, get the three pieces with one of each and you            will know which to order next time. The Owner has tremendous pride in what            he does and obviously, that can be seen in his "Product." NOT fond of the             Tartar Sauce, but doesn't matter because the Fish is so extraordinary. Unlike            most Fish and Chip joints in Phoenix, the do NOT use the same batter on            everything. Makes a BIG difference.            You just can't go wrong and if you are like me, you will get a craving every            couple of weeks. FABULOUS!This is also true of Mandy's except that the Tartar sauce is better and YOU have to select what batter is used! While Cod (priced a little higher) is still my favorite, have tried the Whiting and it is pretty terrific as well!They do have two locations, have only been to the Jefferson one and have never had anything other than Fish and Shrimp. Why would I?
4	Outstanding catfish and shrimp. I have two problems which aren't deal breakers to prevent be from returning.#1 crisp up your fries#2 you need a signature sauce.
1	My first & last order. I had Mandy's Special 3 fish & 3 shrimp, fried mushrooms, clam strips, coleslaw & potato salad. The clam strips were good portion size was tiny, mushrooms were nicely breaded & picture perfect looking, but mushy inside & tasted like the frying oil was used over & over to cook both clams & shrimp. The shrimp actually had an oily taste & mouth feel. My coleslaw had actual 1/4 inch slices of carrots & onions, while the potato salad was all mush along with the ff. I got the cod fish. After I finished blotting the oil from the pieces & reheated them it wasn't bad I just couldn't understand why I was in the kitchen cooking when I had ordered out. For the money I certainly expected better. Sadly I really love seafood.....usually.
