5	Clean! Friendly staff!
4	I've used this dry cleaner for several years now and have always found the owner to be professional and at the same time, a genuinely warm human being. As I teach business classes and he runs a business, the discussions over the past few years have been a window into the impact of not only the economic recession but also of the impact of our infamous SB-1070 regulation and its impact on small business.Certainly this dry cleaner has dealt with some huge business shifts, both to his laundry and dry cleaning service but over all that time, the quality of the dry cleaning never fell. Now the restaurant space next to the business is being re-opened and in 2016 he will be right along the trolley line that will be going from Rio Salado to Southern so I hope things will continue to look up and certainly the opening of the West 6th towers should bring a lot more people who use dry cleaning into the proximity of this fine institution.In summary, a fine independently owned business and over the years they have never done me wrong. I recommend them, if you live in the area, that you give the place a try, I don't think you will be disappointed but if you are, I'm sure I'll read about it on Yelp :-)
4	Being my first time using Ultra Klean Dry Cleaning the owner hooked me up with a 15% off (:  I very much enjoy the fast service- I brought in a little black dress here that reaked of cigarette smoke after letting a friend barrow .. after picking it up the NEXT DAY IT SMELLED CLEAN AND LOOKED LIKE NEW! I would recomend it to anyone (:
5	I've been here three times and have never had an issue. He has always been very courteous and has always had my items ready on time. I will keep coming back here although I wish I didn't have to dry clean my uniforms lolOh and yes he helped me with a 15% discount the first time I went in.
5	My boyfriend found this hidden gem.  He highly recommended it to me.  I went in there the service was personable, and extremely reasonable.  I had several work jackets pressed and ready to go within a day turnaround.  Not to mention their alterations rock! I brought in over 8 pair of slacks/jeans to have hemmed and altered.  I pinned them myself and turned them in.  The charge for them to reconstruct these work pants and jeans was amazing and in my budget! Plus they came back pressed and dry cleaned!  I would highly recommend them with any sort of cleaning / alteration they are fabulous.
2	I wanted to switch to this drycleaners since it's 2 blocks from my house.  I'm currently using one 2 miles away.. a really good, consistent one.  I launder all my business shirts and pants for travel and really need them done well.  I can't afford to be on the other side of the country and then find out the drycleaners made a mistake or didn't do a good job with clothes I need to wear that day.  I took these guys two business shirts to test them, gave specific instructions to clean, medium starch, folded for travel.  Went to pick up the test shirts today.. they did the first two but shirts were given back hanging on hangers..ug...I reminded her I ask for them to be folded for travel.  She ask am I sure.  It was her I have those instructions to.  She offered to fold them then, I said no, give me my shirts and left.  So much for find a new consistent cleaners close to home..bummer.Guess I'll stick with John's over on McClintock near Southern. They don't make these mistakes...
3	So.. always willing to give a second chance.. I took one more business shirt in.  Gave them the same instructions, med. starch and folded for travel.  Once they find it, comes out on a hanger..Again.  I reminded her I ask for it folded for travel.. She quickly grabs it, takes it in the back, and folds it into an unsightly looking plastic bag.  I took it home and compared that to how crisp and clean my other cleaners folks stuff from travel.  World of difference.  The only piece I can give them credit for is they have repaired the pockets on two pairs of my cargo pants/shorts and done a great job with those...
1	May 23, 2014.. well that was interesting.I'm a big believer in redemption stories.. I know I always want a chance to make it right if I've screwed up with new or existing customers. To that end, I just visited this dry cleaners again.  As I said earlier while I don't trust them to get my business shirts right after two tries, they do repair and alterations work well.  So I took them a pair of Levi's with a torn belt loop and two casual shirts that don't need special attention, just cleaning.  So I went in..then it got weird..I put my stuff on the counter... so as the owner put my name in the register, he got all hurt look.  Ask me why I was putting bad reviews on his business and why I came back.  I told him the reviews weren't 'bad', they were my initial two experiences with his business. I changed the second one to update it to say they did do alterations and repairs real well. Again he ask why I'm making him look bad with my reviews.  I ask him if he wanted me to lie about my experiences just so he wouldn't look bad.  He then blamed me, again, that I must not have told them to fold the shirts.  He said we got it right the second time so why was I making him look bad.  I reminded him the first time it was two shirts. When I got them back on hangers after giving clear instructions, I just took them home and folded them myself.  The second time it was one shirt, again brought out on a hanger.  When I reminded her of my order, she quickly took it in the back and did a pretty poor job of folding it and wrapping it in plastic for travel.  (John's folds the shirts with precision, wraps them with precision then put them in a box).  After hearing him blame me again for not telling them, I ask him if he thoughtI would drop off two 90 business shirts to a new cleaners without giving them  clear instructions of how I wanted my shirts?  I told him I've been doing business travel for 15+ year and would never not mentioned how I needed shirts that I knew had to come immediately into a suitcase for my next trip.  He then said I was making him look bad again.  I said I left the first time thinking maybe they just didn't have a register that could make a note to medium starch, fold for travel?  He says they do, I probably didn't tell them.  That his employee has been their 9 years or something and they don't make mistakes..they pride themselves on the details.. I said well that didn't happen. Twice. Again with the why do keep coming back and putting reviews that make them look bad. In frustrating, I said "Jesus!". Grab my stuff off the counter and left completely bewildered.Maybe next time, rather than defend his reputation or employee or never admit that a mistake is even possible he should try  "Jim, I'm really sorry about that.  We screwed up. Twice. I'd love a chance to make this right and get your business. I'm committed to doing right by you"....just a thought.I'm done with them.
2	My quilt has the strongest chemicaly perfumey scent to it. Will update if they fix this.
2	They re-did the quilt at no cost. The smell has definitely dulled but still lingering in the fabric. I was told that many people smelled it and couldn't smell anything wrong. Perhaps this is just their "scent" they use so all the employees are used to it. All I can say though is that after sleeping with the quilt one night (when I picked it up the first time), I was physically ill with a headache and nausea the following day. A few hours after I removed the quilt from my apartment and aired it out, I began to feel better. I've gotten this quilt dry cleaned many times at multiple different places and never had this issue. I'll continue going to Permaclean and make the extra drive.
