4	I have been to this place a couple different times now. Every time that I seem to walk in they remember my face and start right in with a fun interactive convo. The owner or sales guy that is in there seems to be very knowledgable about the products and is a genuine nice person. I would recommend this place to anyone who is looking to switch over to a vape pen or is just looking for a good selection of juices. :)Cheers to Vapor Magic!!!
1	I really want to leave a positive review for this store, but the quality of customer care is just not there.The staff is pretty friendly, but it seems like they are hampered by their management.They seem to have a good selection of juices so you will be able to try a lot of different brands.  Where they fall short is in restocking and consistency.  I have been in at least once a week for the last month or more and even after multiple requests week after week they have not restocked my juice/nic level so I end up having to go to another vendor.If you don't stock what your customers are asking for they will drive about 3 miles in either direction to another store and will eventually stop coming by all together.  That can't be good for business.Another type of juice I like is stocked but literally black as oil.  It went bad a long time ago and should be thrown away.  Every time I ask for this juice they hand me the bottle of rancid juice and I refuse to buy it because it's bad.  Again this is an issue with management and not the staff.  More so it's a lost opportunity to make a sale and keep a customer happy.The hardware selection is pretty slim to none, but the pricing on what they do have is a little better than other stores - not as good as online.  General staff knowledge on the hardware for sale is fair to poor.
2	Service at this location is great with the girl with long blonde hair and crappy without her, the others have very little knowledge of the equipment and I was told I couldn't sample flavors dripping, I had never been told that before so I called their other location and asked about this so called "policy" turns out she was wrong again so not only does she not know what she's selling but obviously doesn't know the store policy either. I will not go in with her working again there are a lot of places in area I can spend my money.
