5	The best. So charming! Get the cashew chicken!
5	My husband and I had the place to ourselves on a snowy Sunday night. The atmosphere is cozy, modern, and inviting. We had the jab soup, chicken with cashews, and the pad thai. Two of these dishes would have been enough for the two of us - the portions are generous. The soup and the chicken were my favorites - very flavorful and unqiue. The pad Thai is good too, not amazing though (note: it's not sweet like a typical pad thai). Great waiter, reasonable prices. Highly recommended!
4	nice restaurant, if you want to eat spicy food, this is really a place to go.the owners are super nice, and I love their drink serve in a real pineapple.
4	Authentic, but very small menu, including lack of appetizers aside from salads.Stupidly spicy Chili and Lime Pork. Spiciest thing I've eaten in a while with all the peppers cooked atop the pork. Server saw me dying and was nice enough to bring over a side of rice to help tame my burning flavour palette.Pad thai is a very peanutty but tasty version, not the ketchupy or overly tamarind based flavours most places offer up. After the first dish I think the server was suprised I still wanted hot sauce on it. Maybe closer to a 3.5 star eating experience but the friendliness of the staff made up for it, and there does seem to be a lack of thai food in this area of the city.
5	We chose Pamika as our first meal in Montreal and boy, we were not disappointed!!!The lush greenery outside this tiny restaurant almost obscures it from street view but if you're able to spot this hole in the wall - enter and never look back!! It's an incredibly cozy 14 seat venue with an equally tiny exposed kitchen in which the restaurant's namesake, Pamika recreates with amazing accuracy and authenticity the traditional fare of her homeland. After a long day of driving to Montreal from NJ, my husband and I were famished. We ordered the cashew nut chicken and the pad thai. The pad Thai was amazing and the portion was hearty but the real star of the meal was the cashew chicken. Being a foodie, this means a lot coming from me - the cashew chicken at Pamika was the best meal I've ever eaten!!! Absolutely out of this world amazing!!! The service was kind and friendly (we were so grateful that the waiter spoke perfect English and that they provided us with English menu's instead of the French menu posted outside the restaurant). All in all - I couldn't have asked for a better experience for our first dinner in Montreal!! The Experience at Pamika Thai brasserie did not disappoint!!!
5	What a great experience at this authentic thai spot! I love spicy food so thai is a natural fit. Their menu is small but every dish was pleasing to both the eye and the palate! No doubt the spicy level is high, but it's definitely part of the authenticity. The mango and papaya salads were delicious. The pad thai and and cashew chicken were layered with flavor and the pineapple fried rice was perfectly made and served in the pineapple! Great service and freshly made creative dishes.. Montreal is becoming my favorite city!
5	Amazing customer service. Fresh authentic food... family operated... Great sauces... A special place;)
5	Our last night in Montreal and we were craving some good Thai food. My husband and I found this place on Trip Advisor and then cross referenced reviews, which were all good so we decided to give it a try. The restaurant is tiny (when paying the bill we noticed the kitchen was a dorm-sized one-woman operation!) and we sat outside on the deck at a table overlooking the street. Our waiter was super nice and was helpful as we were undecided about what to order. We decided on a noodle soup, a chicken salad, and a shrimp dish (our server did warn that this might be too much food but eyes tend to be bigger than stomachs). They came out one a time and we were never rushed or felt like we were waiting to long. The flavors in each dish were excellent. All the veggies were fresh, flavorful, and cooked just right. The soup was thick, which I hadn't expected but still very good. The chicken was very spicy, which we like. My husband didn't prefer the shrimp dish, it was a bit too sweet for his tastes but I enjoyed it. Anyway, taken together the atmosphere, service, and food created a 5 star experience for us! Oh and I forgot to mention my pineapple drink! Delish (see pic)!!
4	Excellent, authentic Thai and super convenient location near Sherbrooke station! This place is small (just a few tables, best for groups under 4 people) although I suppose in the summer the patio increases their capacity. The vibe is intimate and cozy. Food may take a while to arrive, but it's worth it. Presentation is excellent (fried rice served in a pineapple, tom yum soup served in a coconut!) and the dishes are flavourful, with a really good amount of spice. I really loved the spicy chicken salad with lettuce leaves. The menu is small with some interesting dishes, not just your usual standard Thai dishes that you see everywhere. Be sure to see what the daily specials are. Service when I went was excellent and thoughtful - definitely no attitude from the server regarding my subpar French! I would certainly come back here next time I am in Montreal.
2	Small but cozy space and personable staff that really did try their best to make our experience a good one. Unfortunately the kitchen didn't deliver on its potential - especially given the other positive reviews. Started off some pleasant cocktails.  Tom Yum soup was delicious filled with seafood. Papaya salad was incredibly spicy despite discussing level of spice tolerance - even my friend who enjoys spicy food had trouble with the dish and we resorted to chewing ice cubes for a few minutes to recalibrate or taste buds.  The wait staff did their best to accommodate and offered a spiceless replacement which was rather salty.  Chicken cashew dish chicken was very dry but I could taste the potential of it had it been not overcooked.  I can imagine it could be a better experience during the summer when their outdoor grill is working but our experience was unfortunately rather a grim one.
4	Excellent service, great food perfect atmosphere for a date! Papaya salad was awesome.
5	Pamika is authentic and delicious Thai food! We had never been to Montreal and we found this place on Yelp and decided to try it out. We lucked out and found the food to be amazing, the atmosphere cozy and the owners were nothing but welcoming and fun. We will definitely go back next time we are in Montreal. Our favorite dishes were the Tom Yum soup and the sauteed vegetables with shrimp.
