4	This place is in the airport near gate E20. 4 stars; they have a good selection of draft beer. Food is typical airport food, 2 stars at most. Sliders were small even for sliders. They're Missing the whole concept of making them special. These were nothing more than a regular burger split into 4 pieces and put on low quality buns. Oh and the chipotle part that's called out in the menu, is just a low quality hot sauce. Order a regular burger instead if your adventuresome. Onion rings were Luke warm, not really edible. The side salad was surprising good.  In summary, come for the beer, get a salad or skip the food altogether.
3	Not impressed with this place - they only carry a few hundred hats and the prices are a bit high - in my opinion. They also don't have much in sales or clearance and their staff didn't seem as friendly as normal.I always stop in here because it seems like I always have some time to kill, but this time I left without a hat!The place is well stocked, organized and clean!
3	This restaurant was located along gates E and I had just enough time to go back to the restaurant to place a TO-GO order.  I got the Chicken Swiss Sandwich with fries.The fries were so good as I craved something salty on the plane prior to getting off.  The waitress talked quickly and placed my order but I started to wonder how long it would be to put it together as time was ticking.She gave me my glass of water to enjoy while I waited but asked for it in a to-go cup.  She returned with the cup only to flip it over across the bar onto the bar stool next to me.  Had it wet my clothes, it would have been a bad night.  She rudely threw the a wet cloth from behind the counter to her co-worker who was cleaning but very disrespectful.  Did I want to leave a tip!?  There isn't any ketchup packs so you have to disperse it onto your plate.Anyhow, I got my order and had time to eat a couple fries before departing (food welcome on charter plane).  The fries were good but the chicken was a little dry.  The bacon was okay because it was breaking apart and not really crispy.  I was so glad I had this meal because the plane returned to the airport to stay overnight due to the fog at my final destination.  The meal lasted me all night.
3	For real food on E concourse, this is about your only choice.  There is also burger king and salsaritas, but I'm not a fan of either. The drinks aren't bad, but the service could use some work. Took about 10 minutes for the waiter to show up. Crab cakes arent bad, though.
1	The worst food I've had in a long time. Ordered wings that were inedible. Sent that back. Got a Ceasar salad...aweful!! The only thing decent was the beer.Skip it unless you want a beer and a burger. Basically Sysco food service food cooked poorly.
4	Ok it looks like my yekp specialty is reviewing restaurants in airports. What i like about this place is its non chain feel, and the fact that while you're there you forget, maybe for just a few moments, that your in an airport terminal. solid bar food, I've had the buffalo tenders and the burger. I think they measure their shots (makes fof weak drinks), so stick to beer.
1	Terrible food and service. Ordered nachos. Took a long time and the food was cold when I got it. They also added guac even though I didn't order it. This is a place you can tell is poorly managed... Do not go here
1	Service was horrendous, slow & unresponsive. Most of the staff had an attitude of indifference.
1	Unfortunately rude waitress. Got a sandwich and removed the bread because it was terrible!  Only came here because it was my only option.  Not much in this concourse. Get food before you get to e in Charlotte!!!!  I even tried to sub something and pay for it... Couldn't do it - wasn't even an option :( live and learn.
1	Yay for cold burgers! Pretty sure my fries and burgers were the same temp as the beer. Southern hospitality also misses this establishment - some waitresses here seem to be bonused on how unfriendly they can be and still take their time to not give you food and your check. Saving grace for them is location- and their lonerider shotgun Betty hef (local beer), be sure to ask for two beers and two waters you may not be visited again by your waitress.
1	Restaurant smelled horrible. As a former server, I recognize that smell as mold and unclean water used to clean floor, tables, etc. bread stale on burger and fries cold. Had to waive a server down for another drink. Please do not eat here.
1	Slow slow slow...Food was sub par and flavorless. Oh and it took 40 minutes to make a sandwich. The beer was cold
3	After ordering I checked out Yelp to see what I was in for as I came in without any due diligence. I became pretty worried when the only great review was from someone saying this restaurant had "a few hundred hats." Um, I think he was thinking of a sports wear store as I didn't see any hats.Though the service was good, the food was nothing great, just typical airport food. A fish and chips plate was over $15.The sports side has to be the the 8 or so TVs they have.
1	I don't know which was worse - the service or the food. Suffice it to say that both were abysmal. The waiter was downright rude and, even though I hadn't eaten in a good 12 hours, I couldn't finish the horrible bowl of chili I was served. On top of that, the place smelled like a sour mop and stale beer. I have to think that the sole reason this place stays in business is because it's the only sit down place in the concourse where it's located.
4	I had to watch some NASCAR which this place has a lot of TV's!  Our waitress was great and quick to serve and always checked on us. The fiesta chicken salad was tasty and filing. Along with a nice pour from the bar which helped. Give it a try but remember its a sports bar in a high traffic airport so be patient.
4	Listen you know it's an airport place so expecting some kind of amazing food experience is unreasonable. I did experience good service (for airports), decent food (for airports), and a very large vodka. Hence my 4 stars.
2	The best thing to say is that the waitstaff is polite.  Mediocre food.  Overpriced for menu options.  If you have to eat here, buy a beer.  It will make the food better.  I ordered a quesadilla (steak) with a side of guacamole and a Coca Cola.  My soda was so anemic looking I thought it was weak tea.  I was never offered a refill.  The quesadilla looked great, despite the nearly two dollar guacamole only containing a tablespoon of guacamole.  The dried and shriveled green onion garnish was unneeded.  After attempting to eat the quesadilla, I discovered that despite the attractive appearance, the filling to cheese ratio was horrible and the entire thing fell apart and had to be eaten by fork.  The steak filling was overdone to the point of being inedible and the corn and black bean relish they put in it just made the small bit of cheese coagulate in a grainy mess.  Save yourself the money and just pick up food at Burger King.
