5	I am a recent Food City convert. I used to only go when I needed hominy in bulk and couldn't find it in the grocery store. I now shop here on a much more regular basis for 2 reasons.1. Cheap ass produce. Seriously 8 cucumbers for $1 and 3 pounds of roma tomatoes for $1. Ridiculous. Food City has 80% cheaper produce than any other grocery stores in the state.2. Cheap ass spices - I recently made Puerco pibil and needed Anchiote, I found it for $2 in a small bag. The only other store I found that carried it was charging over $12, no lie.So I can't vouch for the rest of the store, but if you need spices or produce the is THE SPOT!
5	Around the area this food city have some of the best fresh produce with a awesome price that is hard to beat. As a college student 6 roman noodles for a buck and 3 powerade also for a buck is great. Big money saving right there. Their prices are low and in a certain day there are special going on that you got to keep an eye out for. Recommend this for all your grocery needs.
1	they may have good deals and sometimes but their customer service sucks they could use all new employees as far as cashiers. because of them I only go there when I absolutely have to
5	Wow! Great customer service.  I have been calling around looking for stores to donate for a food drive, and although Food City cannot currently donate due to their own financial situation, they were encouraging and let me know that I should try them again in the future.  The gentleman who spoke with me took his time and kindness radiated from his voice.  Thank you, sincerely.
4	Freshest cilantro, radishes, greens and onions. The quality of limes seems a bit inconsistent. They have the cheapest bottled water. The smell when you walk in is a little off. One day it smelled like wet dog :/ I can't complain too much since it's the closest grocer to my neighborhood and the customer service is very good compared to other places I do food shopping. Even the security guard was nice even though I had "don't mess with me" face on......hahaha :) Therefore, F.C. I will bump your stars from 3 to 4.
