3	Let me preface this with, I love Zoe's in Blakeney.  I eat there at least once a week.  I was in the South Park area, so I thought I would stop in to their newest Charlotte  location.  Unfortunately, as of 3/10/14 they are still trying to iron out their grand opening kinks.  We were there at lunch and it took a good 15-20 minutes to get our food.  My chicken roll ups were not prepared correctly and the potato salad (which is normally my favorite fresh side!) was drowning in their dressing.  The staff and management were aware of the timing issues and comped our meal without us even asking which was greatly appreciated.  Customer service goes a very long way!  If I'm ever back in the area, I will definitely stop in and give them another try.  I'm sure with some time and experience under their belts they will get things up to normal Zoe standards!
2	I love Zoe's and have eaten at the Blakeney and Metropolitan locations numerous times.  I have been to the Southpark Zoe's twice, and neither time did I have a good experience.  The first time I went (mid-April), the restaurant seemed short-staffed -- only one person working the register, tables hadn't been bused, and it took a long time for our food to come out.  When I did receive my food, the chicken was about half the portion size that I've gotten at the other two Zoe's, and it was very dry and overcooked.  Roasted vegetables were still raw.  I gave the restaurant the benefit of the doubt -- everyone has an off day now and then.Went back this past week and had an even worse experience.  Short-staffed again -- we wanted to sit outside since it was a nice day, but so many tables hadn't been bused that we were forced to sit at the only clean table, which was next to a large group with several rowdy children (I don't have a problem with that, but I was looking forward to a relaxing meal with my husband and that just wasn't possible).  We were there for 45 minutes to an hour, and the tables weren't cleaned off until we were getting ready to leave,  it was very cold inside the restaurant, so it would have been an equally miserable experience to sit indoors.Again, it took more than 20 minutes for our food to come out, and then when we asked someone, they didn't have an answer as to why it was taking so long.  No one came out to apologize except for the server who brought us the food, and of course it wasn't his fault.  I ordered salmon kabobs, which were cold and undercooked, and asked for vegetables instead of the salad, and they brought me salad anyway with just a little cup of vegetables on the side.  I know the person at the register took the order correctly since she repeated it back to me -- not sure where the confusion was.  I would have sent it back, but we had already waited so long and didn't have much time left to eat as it was.I will be patronizing the other two Zoe's locations in the future...they have always given excellent service and consistent quality of food.
5	Excellent food, great price and very convenient for catering and takeout. I'm so glad this new location is open! Parking is a challenge, that's nothing out of the ordinary due to it's location. All 3 times I have been have had excellent and fast customer service.
1	I usually enjoy Zoe's, but not only is this location short staffed but they can not get an order correct! You wait 15-20 minutes for your food, and the order is just plain wrong....take your time and money and go to the one in the Metropolitan... at least they have their orders together.
5	I have frequented Zoes since they opened in my office building, and always had a great experience. I have to give kudos to Eric how hand delivered a free goodie after I was overcharged during my last visit. Thank you!Some notes of interest:The staff is extremely friendlyThe food is extremely fresh and tastyThe Zoe's app/online ordering is AWESOMEThey have an outdoor seating area overlooking the Southpark towers fountain, Fairview Rd and the SouthPark Mall (and yes, there are umbrellas for shade)They serve beer and wineThey offer cheap refills if you purchase the Zoes cupThey reward you for loyalty when you submit your Zoes receipts (you get goodies!)Don't let the lines scare you off. There are lines because the food is delicious and they have an awesome location for a lot of office workers that just walk to get their lunch. If you're in a hurry and just need to quickly pick something up, order ahead, and get in the special line for to-go orders, where you simply confirm your order and pick it up. They do not charge your card until you arrive and pick up your food, so you can pay with alternative methods or add things on if you like.Also, they have the best Greek salad I've ever eaten, it's delicious! My favorite is the Tossed Greek Salad, that comes with grilled chicken and onions, and pasta salad over the salad. Don't worry carb-avoiders, you can subsitute or remove the pasta salad!Reminder: Submit your receipts using the zoes app for free goodies!
3	First time at the SP location (I usually go midtown),  placed a to-go order for the greek salad and hummus plate and picked up a small container of chicken salad. Chicken salad was delish as usual, felt the salad portion on the to-go was smaller than it would have been if I had eaten in and the pita bread didn't taste as fresh as usual. The hummus itself was super delish.. I had a huge craving for it and this cured it!
5	Loved the food! (First timer here) ...  the service was also very good... Nothing fried on the kids meal! Yeiiiii.... I had the steak stack with greek salad... Will have this again, and again...
