3	spring rolls large, good wrapper, uneventful inside with old lettuce. picture shows fish sauce, served with very light colored peanut saucePho broth was decent but no depth. noodles were light. LOTS of meatzero Asians here at lunch on a Tuesday, but everyone knew what they were ordering, so obviously a repeat and loyal lunch crowd.Lunch specials look interesting. next time would try the D :)So...probably a good place if you work in the area and want a quick cheap meal, but don't expect much more than that
4	4 Starts for original atmosphere, ecclectic crowd, honest food and fair price. Totally hit the spot.
4	Go here if you're craving a gigantic bowl of super tasty soup for almost no money.Nine bucks got me the biggest bowl of soup I have ever seen, and for 3 extra dollars I got me some nice raw beef to dump in it whilst grinning from ear to ear.Did I finish said enormous bowl? No..I don't think I have that much room in my stomach...but I tried, oh how I tried. P.S. Don't come here for the service, I think smiles cost extra.
5	I love this place!  You have to kind of know what you're in for before you go.  I only get the lunch special, and I really enjoy it every time (I get bowl D with beef).  The soup is pretty good, even though I don't really know what it is, and the meal itself is a lot of food that is tasty.  It's a budget meal, so that's what you get.  For $10, it's soup and a meal big enough that you will likely have leftovers for breakfast in the morning or for dinner that night.
2	Living in cities all my life with great Pho and other Vietnamese food, I was severely disappointed by the price and the quality of this neighborhood joint. The soup was very bland, barely any flavor, and was WAY too expensive! We did get the spring rolls which were decent, so thumbs up for that, again, pretty expensive for the portion size. I would have given this place 3 stars overall for the food, but since the service sucked so hard, didn't refill water glasses, had to ask a few times, barely understood english, and brought us the wrong dish, granted they did fix it after, but STILL! On top of that, our server was sincerely grouchy. Do we tip before if we want a smile from the staff? Yup, you just lost a star for the unnecessary attitude.My sincere opinion. Skip it, you'll thank me.
4	Vermicelli and imperial rolls and Tonkenese soup always well prepared. Consistently tasty Vietnamese food. Yum!
