1	Bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad,bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad,bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad customer service. Would not fix a problem that should have been caught by any competent Fedex worker. If I have to use Fedex ever again I will go to another drop off location.Thanks to this shipping location for letting me post my first one star review. Don't want to waste any more of my time typing any more about them.Did I mention the customer service was bad?
1	TERRIBLE. THIS WAS THE WORST SHIPPING EXPERIENCE I'VE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. i had an extremely important package & paid for it to be over nighted. They sent it to Glendale California INSTEAD of Glendale Arizona. Over nighted it from CA to AZ AGAIN - ON A SATURDAY @ MY WORK. WOULDNT CHANGE THE SHIPPING ADDRESS TO MY HOUSE FOR ME SO I WOULDNT HAVE TO SIT AT WORK ON A SATURDAY & THEY NEVER EVEN SHOWED UP! it's 5:56pm on saturday night & i just got off the phone with FedEx where I was finally informed I would rec'v this IMPORTANT package on MONDAY. Thanks FedEx. Will Definitely being using UPS for all our future daily business shipping needs.
5	I've had customer ship me packages addressed to 10-P.  FedEx figured it out...yes TEMPE.Give them a break, you mess up the address and they can only do so much. For meFedEx has always delivered. I use frequently and highly trust. I can spot the amateurs who are trying to ship. Yes, the clerk does need the correct address, someone does have to read your handwriting. For the pros, we can use on-line and print out forms. I normally try to drop off in the early morning or early afternoon. They close at 6 and the lines are long. They have a plane on the runway at 7, so if you are procrastinator and think you can get in at 6:15, you are out of luck. I don't want you to delay my package, so get your act together.  Also, save some money and pack it yourself. Don't think UPS is any better, both FedEx and UPS use high speed belts, so get bubble wrap and pack it good. I noticed the last review was 12/21.  You think it was busy at Christmas?
1	I always have customer service problems with Fedex.  How the heck did they get to be so big with the crappy way they treat customers?  I use the Internet a lot for purchases and about 60% of the time, they screwed-up and then their customer service has major difficulty fixing the problems.  I have asked for shipments to be held at the closet shipping location to my office and they ship to my home.  Another time I asked for the same thing and they held it at the regional depot instead of where I asked that it be sent.  I can go on and on about the screw-ups I have experienced with Fedex.  But this time they really pissed me off.  I get a harassing phone calls from a collection agency that says they have been contracted by Fedex to collect an overdue bill from me in the amount of $4000+.  I have asked them for details and all I get is harassment.  So I asked Fedex for help and customer service told me to contact Fedex Revenue Services, which I did.  I told them that I am getting harassing phone calls from XYZ collection agency and the person who keeps calling is named Chris.  I also tell them that the alleged amount owed is $4000+ and the account is supposedly in my name.  So I ask that they investigate and tell me if I indeed have an overdue account in my name for this amount.  (I know I do not have such an account!).  Fedex then tells me that they cannot help me because I have not provided enough information.  WTF?  How much more information can I provide?  Do they want my height and weight?  Maybe my blood type?  Maybe I have to provide the names and birth dates of my children too?This is why I say that Fedex really blows!
5	This location is great.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  They always are so cheerful and polite.  I've been here several times and go out of my way to ship from here.  If you have to ship, do it from this location:-)
1	My wife and I have had 3 packages ordered in the last week, and ALL 3 packages from Fed Ex were not delivered on time. The first package was labled "undeliverable" due to "customer not home. Notice left" We were home all day and our door was open (we have a screen door.)  No one ever showed up and there certainly was no notice. They delivered it the next day.The second package was the same thing, so I called the Fed Ex location and had a heated discussion with them. We live in a 2 block apartment complex and told them if the driver has THAT hard of a time finding our apartment to park at the office and ask where our apartment is.  The third package was never even attempted to be delivered as far as I can see on the tracking information, it was friggin' delivered to the post office to let them deliver it.Fed ex is a joke.In the same week, we had shipments from UPS, BOTH came on the expected delivery day with NO issues whatsoever. If UPS can do it, why can't Fed Ex? WTF?
1	I cannot find the appropriate division for FEDEX Ground on Yelp, so I am just updating my previous posting.  I still think FEDEX sucks.  Today, I was scheduled to receive a shipment which arrive rather early at 11 am or so.  I was please by this, but when I got the box inside my home, I noticed that it wasn't my box, but addressed to someone else.  By this time the driver had left so I had to call FEDEX to report the problem.  About some time later, the same driver returns with another box and I trade boxes with him.  I ask if he was sure this was my box and he says yes.  So I look at the label and again it isn't my box.  So I tell him that he is mistaken again and he has to search the back of his truck for my box.  He finally finds the right box and gives it to me.  He hops back into his truck and with the rear doors open, he drives off quickly.  Since the back door is open, about 6 boxes fall out onto the pavement.  Now in my mind, there is no wonder that FEDEX sucks and peoples orders get either screwed up or destroyed.  And further, this young kid driver, seemed to be DUI.
