4	Zaxbys is always hot and fresh. We had a salad and some wings today. A cut above regular fast food. The Zax sauce on the chicken wings makes them the best wings around. I'm a fan of Zaxbys and this store, which I've eaten at since it opened, is always on its game.
3	Definitely get your bang for your buck at this place.  I would say it falls in-between fast food and a sit-down restaurant.  I tried the Wings and Things plate and the wings were good... nice and hot.  The food did take a while to come out, but it was worth the wait.It was a huge serving for what I paid for, so its good in that sense, but man I definitely left a little slower than normal.  I'm sure its good every once in a while, but I being stuffed like that is not my idea of a good time.
4	I've been there twice and ordered The Blue both times. Dynamite salad with bleu cheese crumbles and blackened chicken. Friendly staff and good menu. Plenty of salad served for a good lunch or dinner. I will keep going there.
4	Great "fast food" chicken but I really don't want to call it that...there's a bit of a wait on your food. It's like Cap'n D's. Not really fast food but it is fast food. It doesn't come fast, but it's fast food quality in some regards. I can't just can't explain it.I usually get the Cajun Club sammich, which always comes with fries and a pickle.I wish you could substitute the fries for their "tater chips" but those can only be ordered as a "zappatizer" (I did not make that up). I'm not crazy about the ranch they put on the sammich but I order it "on the side" instead and it definitely tastes different that what they smear on the bread.The Wings and Fingerz (why no z at the end of wings?) is pretty good but I actually prefer the Fingerz over the wings (no z). I'm a bit of a Buffalo wing snob and this place doesn't cut it. They're good but not fantastic. Prices are up there for "fast food" but it's better quality than Chic-Fil-A which I swear seems to price gouge for being "fast food".Great ice, too!Your pal,Walter
4	We love us some Zaxby's. This one has never failed us. Has always had good hot food and a great atmosphere for dining. I love the chicken finger plate and the zax sauce. Can't ever get enough of the zax sauce.
5	Zaxby's is by far, one of the best casual restaurants ever. Definitely alot better than Chick-fil-A! Their food can be a little pricey if you have more than two people ordering, but the quality makes up for it. Even though there is a wait, it's not long at all. But I'd much rather wait for good, fresh food, than greasy and fattening food. What's also good is if you're a Family Dollar employee, just show them your ID badge, and you get a discount. I get excited every time I go eat here.
4	Love the food!
5	Love Zaxby's. The Blue Zalad is the best and it is freaking huge. It is probably triple the size of the average fast food salad and only cost $6.50. It is always fresh and it's so big I can barely eat it all, my wife can barely eat half. You can get it with buffalo chicken or blackened chicken and comes with texas toast. The rest of their food is great too, but I am stuck on the salads (or Zalads).
4	Good chicken place. Clean place with clean bathrooms. Was a staple of my high school lunches. Definitely has not changed which is good!
4	Zaxby's is great! This is quality fast food. I their menu has many options from salads, to chicken fingers (with yummy Zax Sauce), chicken sandwiches, and chicken wings. They always get my order correct and the food is great. Some of my favorites are The Blue (buffalo chicken salad), Chicken Salad Sandwich, and the Boneless Wing Meal. They have several options of wing flavors, try them all, they are all great! Glad this place is not too far from work!
5	Yesterday was our second time to this place....wonderful. Friendly staff, quick service great food. Chicken tenders, fries, slaw Texas toast...all excellent. Also got a side salad, $1.39 what a deal with good ingredients. Wish they was one on south charlotte Ballantyne area....  Hello Zaxbys good bye Chcik fil-a
2	Best, fresh , grilled chicken sandwiches that's why I'm giving 2stars , but what is up with the scrawny wings ? Is this really a drum, the one time I decide not to get grilled chicken I'm stuck with a deep fried, honey mustard chicken bone. It is the same size of my pinky finger -___- . My 13yr old daughter was hungry after track practice and she didn't want these. You are a chicken place right? Wings and things? Which one is the thing? I see no wings .
5	I love there Cobb salads snd ice and sweet tea. My son loves the chicken fingers and honey mustard. Salads are huge;)
3	Being a total chicken whore, it was only a matter of time before I got my filthy mitts on some Zaxby's. My brain scramblingly hot Girlfriend and I blasted into this place and wolfed down some of their chicken fingers.The chicken was surprisingly good, and their sauce was impressive. Nothing quite like some impressive sauce to punch up your afternoon, if you get my drift.......do you? Cole slaw was pretty weak and the fries were pretty unremarkable. The blaring God awful country music sort of sucked as well.Despite the fries and crappy music, all was going well until I tried to ride the little tiny bike by the front door. Jesus...you would have thought I tried to burn the place down...Relax Zaxby;s...its not about you all the time. Or lawsuits and insurance, or the safety and mental well being of the other patrons.Try fun Zaxby's....try fun.
