1	My gawd, have I been so blind?! Every morning I have a shot of espresso at home from my Miele (CVA 4070  Coffee System) with beans from Cafe Cortez. Each shot is velvety smooth with hints of smokiness and chocolate. This is probably one of finest shots of espresso just for me, every morning, except for... Friday.I stay out at my bffs house way out in Surprise once a week to visit her and her bf.  So on my way in to work I sometimes stop by Starbucks for a Friday morning booster. So this morning I ordered a single shot of espresso and nearly choked. Simply horrible, its like a scorched burnt coffee taste that's so bitter while maintaining a weird sourness. My gawd this stuff is pure shit. I cant believe it, after all these years I finally see the light. Starbucks coffee for me is utter crap. I pitched it in the garbage and have sworn off Starbucks. The single star is for the wonderfully cute and perky "barista"
2	Two stars only because the ladies working were fabulous although the one chalked my chai full of ice..... Ummmm easy ice was stated in my order for a reason because I want alot of damn milk!!! The floor was dirty and there were no clean tables.... Maybe the worker bees shouldn't focus on the fashionable friendly faggot(me) because honey.... You ain't gettin none of this!
3	Two stars because there isnt a drive thru.. and Im a lazy American who forgot that when you live abroad you walk for coffee and your needs.. Three stars because the peeps working are as friendly as it gets.. but the sugar/condiment bar is dirty.. clean it up Starbucks!
3	I still hate coffee. Why Starbucks then you ask? Easy. Smoothies and muffins. 1 extra star off for being on the west side. Ba-zing!
3	Definitely need more help in the mornings.  There is one lady who when I see her doing the drinks, I do not get anything that day.  She is slow and always seems like she doesn't know what she is doing.  I only love it when the young girls are working drinks.  Never ever come between 7-8:30 am, expect to wait 30 mins to get out.
4	Definitely one of the better Starbucks in the area that I have been to.  I enjoy coming to this location a little bit more then the others for a variety of reasons. For starters, plenty of tables! I've been able to find a seat here every single time I've come over the last few weeks and this makes me very happy.  Also, for the most part, it's really clean.  The one time I needed a table wiped down (it was busy and the customer was walking out as I was walking in) it was done quickly by the barista.Staff here is friendly and outgoing, and seem to do a good job of keeping it that way.  Place is well stocked, bathrooms are clean enough, and overall, I really enjoy coming here.  Even though it gets busy at times, its a far better experience then I've had at other Starbucks close to me.Parking's a little tight, so be careful getting in and out, and it's in a strip mall, so there's lots of cars coming in and out.  Even though its an extra mile from my house, its worth coming here.  Free wifi as with all the other starbucks, and they have great hours too!
3	Okay, I'm not going to hate on the customer service of this Starbucks because it is WAY better than any of the other stores that are nearby.And I'm not going to hate on their drinks, because it's really hard to mess up an iced coffee (it can be done, but you've really got to try to be lazy)I will, however, hate on the last experience I had there: so I get my coffee, sit down to do some studying and a lady spills her drink outside-- no big deal, the barista heads out to clean up the mess and gets the lady another drink. While she's out there, the barista decides to sweep up the floor in the lobby... this is where I start having a bad day.  When she is sweeping, she is doing these long, swift strokes with the broom and kicking up a LOT of dust, random particles from people's shoes, etc. into the air around me... and she keeps doing this, over and over again until the air around me is pretty much filled with nastiness and I have to actually take off my glasses and clean them.BLECHI wouldn't recommend this place for a sit down study sesh, the one on 19th and Northern is better for that, BUT this bux is BY FAR a better deal when it comes to customer service at the counter or at the hand out-- just be sure to leave before they suffocate you with other people's dead skin, dirt and whatever else is hanging out on that lobby floor.
1	They can't get my order right here. I will never come back here. I gave them 3 tries and wasted money because I don't have time to go back an get my order fixed. Idk what's so hard about making an iced coffee with syrup and whole milk but these people can't seem to get it and also have an attitude while doing it
4	Everything they do they do with a smile. Fun and friendly baristas. Knowledgeable and informative when asked about a tumbler cup they had on sale. I'm looking for a trenta size refillable cup and they informed me I can actually use their cup they give and I'll get the discount. Thank you Starbucks!
4	I like what they've done with the place. It accommodates the college students and those who come here to study. Kind of busy parking lot and the mornings are a bear to get in here. Good service
2	I've been coming to this Starbucks for years I've always had such a pleasant experience Tiffany the manager has always been so nice to me and my family! But ever since the girl named gray has started working there my experience has been nothing but terrible! She has been rude to me on several occasions I've complained to the manager and I won't complain to her anymore because I do not want a free drink all I'm asking for is for gray to pleasant to me when I go and buy my drink at six am! She has an Issue with me and I'm not sure why! She refuses to make my drink right and when I ask her to make it correctly she always come back with a snotty remark she make me feel as if I'm a bother to her. I just want one simple thing done I want my drink that I paid for made correctly! Because of the way I am treated by gray I will no longer come to this Starbucks neither will my friends and family I refuse to be treated with such disrespect again!
3	Decent as far as Starbucks go. Kinda have to wait a while for things to come out even when they are not super busy.. Not bad at all just leave a bit to be desired.
5	I love this starbucks always fast and friendly they make the drinks amazing every time I go in my drinks taste the exact same never off .... Love the manager always has a smile on her face when you walk in ....
3	Decent as every other Starbucks. Staff is friendly and go beyond trying to make the perfect drink for you. Place can get crowded so it might take a while. Some tables and chairs in there for people using the free wifi. Overall nice location. It's nice to get out of the car once in a while to get your coffee which has to be done because there's no drive-thru. Location near my house so I frequently stop by.
5	This is my favorite store in the valley and I have visited more than should be normal. I go out of my way to visit this store because every barista, morning or evening, offer consistent service and quality beverages. They follow correct Starbucks routines and truly care about their customers.
4	This location usually has a low wait time and the drinks are made well. There is a very friendly male barista who works super early; unfortunately, I don't know his name - but he's awesome!
3	Average location in just about every way. A little small and slightly awkward layout, but staff is friendly and customer service is on-par with other locations.
4	My favorite coffee shop, great costumer service, the only bad thing about this place is the parking lot!
