4	One of the best things I have done in awhile...  We met up at Deer Valley Airport, they had some shuttle vans waiting, we drove up north (off I-17) and proceeded to help fill our balloon with hot air... then we drifted peacefully over the desert at sunset only to land and be greeted with Champagne and snacks.Nice guys, very professional. Felt safe at every moment :)Only downside is the price (about $200 ea) and that 14 people ride in one basket (in four separate compartments).***They will pick you up at any area hotel too :)http://www.hotairexpeditions.com/
5	Expensive, but so worth it!  My husband and I took a sunrise flight to celebrate my 20th anniversary of my 21st birthday.  Other than having to be at the airport by 6:30 am, it was great!Mike was our pilot (yes, they do have to get a pilot's license or "balloon driver license" as I called it).  Prior to lifting off, he comically gave us the rundown on what to expect, especially at landing.  An "A" landing is touching down like an elevator stop (not likely to happen today), a "B" landing is the basket skipping a few steps and a little bumpy (what we would most likely experience), and a "C" landing is not so pretty.Our basket only held 8 passengers in 2 compartments.  I was thankful since I was not looking to share the ride with 14 people!  As we were lifting, it was cool to see all the other balloons above and below you.  We drifted and rose to an elevation of over one mile.  Does that make me a member of the mile-high club?  We spotted an abundance of rabbits and a coyote below although another balloon supposedly spotted a bobcat.Our landing was the real entertainment.  Didn't get that "B" landing thanks to the wind picking up.  Instead, our basket landed on it's side so that our compartment was against the ground (we were essentially lying on our backs now) and the second compartment was above us, taking out a path of trees and vegetation along the way.  It was better than any 6 Flags ride, and we all laughed through the whole thing, while we prayed the partition between compartments didn't collapse.  I was never really frightened, maybe because I never heard our pilot yell "oh shit," or anything like that (although I did see a diamond drop out of his pants).  He did tell us later that the baskets don't usually land in any position other than upright.We were greeted at landing with mimosas and a fabulous little breakfast catered by Vincent's.  We were also presented with flight certificates.  My husband had let them know in advance of the occasion, and they had a breakfast cake for me as well.  My only wee little complaint was that they should give you the souvenir champagne flute instead of charging 5 bucks for it considering the price of the flight. As Michael C noted, they were very nice and professional.  And I, too, felt very safe, considering...In all seriousness, the trees we hit were used to help us stop, and it was a controlled landing, I think:)
2	I was so excited to go on my first balloon ride ever, but did not have a pleasant experience with this company.My friend and I were scheduled to go at 7am last Saturday. I had to get up at 5am in order to get ready and drive the 1+ hour to Deer Valley Airport. Our shuttle took us a few miles north to where 16 balloons were being set up. We were one of the last groups to arrive. Soon all of the balloons had taken off and we are told that ours has a hole in it. You'd think that they'd have a spare, or that this would be checked before all of the customers arrived that morning? Nope. We were told we had to reschedule. OK, great. So sh*t happens. At this point all I wanted to do was go home. Instead, we had to wait another 30 minutes while they rolled the balloon up. Why? I have no idea. The balloon was transported there on a different truck. With several other people there besides the driver, why couldn't our driver just take us back? In those 30 minutes, why weren't we offered anything to eat or drink out of the cooler that was in our shuttle, which would have been served to us after our ride? Everyone acted like it was no big deal.  At $200 a flight (or $100 if you used a groupon like us), a glass of something to drink would have been the least they could do. So I called their number on my long drive home to tell them what happened and to express how frustrating and disappointing the morning was. While I wasn't expecting a free balloon ride out of it, this is usually the point where most companies will offer something in addition to what was paid for. They said they didn't have a policy for situations like this. I was only told we would be "taken care of" the next day, so I gave them a chance to prove it. The only time I could reschedule in the foreseeable future was the next day, Sunday at 7am. Fast forward to 8:30 that night, I get a call asking if I could come in at 6:30 instead of 7 because of weather. I'm not happy about having to get up even earlier, but I understand that they can't control the weather. At this point I was half asleep, and I didn't even think to call my friend to tell her 6:30. So the next morning I get there at 6:30, and my friend doesn't get there until 7. My fault. She ended up driving to the launch site and they thankfully held the balloon until she got there.The balloon ride itself was nice and not scary at all (but I'm not afraid of heights). I thought we'd be going higher than 1000 feet but I guess with 12-14 people in a basket they can't go any higher. Our pilot was very friendly and answered all of the questions everyone had. After the flight, we had breakfast and champagne, and the driver was nice enough to drive us back to my friend's car. So I am happy they held the balloon for my friend and drove us back to her car. But even if she arrived on time, we weren't offered anything outside of the services that we paid for - so I guess being "taken care of" meant nothing. I don't think I'll be flying with them again.
5	This was my first hot air balloon ride and it exceeded my expectations. The ground crew and pilot were extremely friendly and always made sure that everyone was content. The pilot narrated the trip and was happy to answer any questions anyone had. The champagne breakfast was really nice...they were generous with the amount of  champagne they served and the food tasted great. They park the van near the table in such a way that everyone is able to sit in the shade. I took my mom for her 60th birthday and they also served a complimentary birthday cake and hung a "Happy Birthday" sign on the balloon. It is worth the money and waking up at 4am to be at the airport by 5:15. It's a great way to celebrate a special day :)
1	We had Captain Frank as our pilot. Well, it was pretty obvious early on that Captain Frank didn't really feel like being there and he was going to get our balloon ride over as quickly as possible. It was mentioned to us that we might get as high as 1,000 feet. Well, we were so low the majority of the time the balloon basket actually dragged across the tree tops. We were told that the wind currents up higher would've pushed us too far north. Well, the other pilots didn't seem to feel the same way because their balloons were sky high, many of them going through the hills. Finally, when it came time to land, we crashed and ended up sideways in the weeds. The brunch that followed was decent, although both of the picnic tables they brought with were broken, and the food didn't close to making up for the disappointment of balloon ride itself. When everything was finally packed up and we made our way back to the Deer Valley airport, it became irritatingly obvious why our balloon ride was so bad: Captain Frank's truck was parked roughly 100 feet from where we landed. There were no problems with the wind that prevented him from taking us on a more enjoyable ride. He simply didn't want to be there and the ride he took us on was the quickest way to get the job over with and get him home as quickly as possible. And when we did get back on the road, the van got a flat tire.I can safely say that if you do decide to take a balloon trip with these people, make sure you ask that Captain Frank is not the pilot of your balloon.
5	I went on a hot air balloon ride in 2008 in Monument Valley, AZ.  This was through the Monument Valley Hot Air Balloon Company, which is listed as a subsidiary of Hot Air Expeditions.   The ride really exceeded my expectations and was worth every penny.Our pilot was Brian, who owns the company.  He's a very friendly guy, interesting to chat with, and willing to answer all sorts of questions.To my surprise, I didn't feel even slightly uncomfortable on the ride.  The balloon moves at the same speed as the wind, so as a rider you can't feel any wind.  The basket feels secure, yet not restrictive.When we landed in Monument Valley, Brian gave us a ride to many scenic areas.  He brought along a Navajo tour guide, who gave us a great narrative along the way.If I'm ever in the area again, I'm definitely going to go for another ride.
1	I booked a trip for my wife's birthday and got a call the night before stating that "mother nature" is canceling our tour.  I looked at the forecast instantly and Phoenix is scheduled for 4mph winds at 6am.  Needless to say, they COMPLETELY RUINED what was going to be a special time for my wife and I.  DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Went on the Saturday before valentines day. Had a lot of balloons in the air with perfect weather. Bored to death. Our pilot didn't travel the balloon outside a short block radius while all th other ballons got a ton of altitude and distance.I would never suggest a hot air balloon ride to anyone in phx. Save it for Sedona or some other location that is much more scenic. I would suggest staying on the ground and watching them in the sky.
4	I booked a ride Saturday 2/12/2011 to celebrate the first Valentine's Day with my boyfriend. Because neither of us are morning people, we decided to do the evening flight and see an Arizona sunset. Originally, the price per flight was $185 but they were having a special Valentine's Day rate of only $135 per person. I also heard that they had specials on groupon too. The staff was very friendly and insightful. We got to volunteer to help set the balloon up; it was a great learning experience. One complaint was that the basket held 12 passengers and 1 pilot. They had it set up to where each part of the basket held 3 passengers, which was a bit odd since couples would be split up. Luckily, we weren't one of them.On their website, it said to wear warm clothing and closed toed shoes, however, it got really hot on the balloon due to the open flame. Thank goodness they had bottled water on the balloon. We soared around on the Sonoran Desert. I did wish we wen't over/near the mountains/hills instead of staying near the flat lands. Our pilot narrated the entire trip so it was quite informational. We did land near the Arizona waste management site, which was not ideal. They set up picnic tables with table cloths and champagne glasses with dessert for all the passengers. You also have the option of purchasing your champagne glass that had the balloonist's prayer on it. Overall, it was a great experience and we had tons of fun.
5	First off, I'm very scared of heights! I can do a Ferris wheel IF I have someone to cling to and stare at the floor of the cab. I was not sure about a hot air ride but just didn't think about it too much. I was counting on my 16yo daughter to be there with me to help me but she wasn't able to make it-Her Loss! It was amazing! Breath taking! If I didn't look down I was ok. I just looked out. Our pilot was Tyler or Taylor, 25 yo and has been doing this since he was 15 was great. I always felt safe and comfortable that he knew what he was doing. He took us up one mile! Higher than any other balloon that trip and we traveled over 6 miles. He prepared us for the landing and we bumped a couple of times but that's part of the ride. We went over a small neighborhood and could hear the dogs barking and the kids hollering up at us. The dinner/snack was very tasty. Eating in the desert with the sunset was just fantastic! Defiantly will do again!
5	While I am delayed in writing the review, I have to say the experience will last a lifetime. My family and I did this on a groupon promotion last year...we actually went for the ride in late December. It was myself, my son (10), my aunt (50 something) and my grandmother (83) while my mother followed us in the car (not a chance she was going to try this one!). We had a fabulous time, the employees were careful with both my son and my grandmother. While we were all having the time of our life, others in the basket were a little nervous; however, the captain was very talkative and he explained everything and kept those people at ease. The ride was long and the height varied. At the end, we were served a 'picnic' breakfast with mimosas. The breakfast wasn't anything to write home about, but it was a nice touch. You had to pay extra for the mimosas glass, which I did. The only thing I didn't like, no facilities...luckily I am a camper and didn't mind going in the wild. (I might advise you not to drink a full pot of coffee prior to the ride, but that is totally up to you). Even if you are a little nervous, I would highly recommend you try this out.
4	We went on an evening expedition. The weather was lovely, our pilot was engaging and amusing.It was much more quite and peaceful than I had anticipated it would be.The only problem is that we gave credit card info when we booked (my dad's...it was a gift to three of us) so we were under the assumption that the excursion was paid for.  Luckily we all decided to bring our personal items with us on the balloon...because when we landed we were each called over and asked to pay, that the payment info given before the flight was just a placeholder (but then....why were we the only 3 called over to pay...?) A minor inconvenience and a surprise $150 each of us had not been expecting to pay. But the actual flight/balloon ride was wonderful!
5	We went on a sunrise expedition and the whether was a bit chilly.  It was a clear skies with perfect weather condition.  The meetup point is located in Deer Valley Airport parking lot.  This is your first and last stop to use the restroom if you have to go.  You're required to check in and he/she tells you which van you belong to. Once you're in the van, the people in the van with you are basically the people you'll be riding the hot air balloon with.  Our driver was super funny and nice.  Before we left Deer Valley Airport, he gave us a short background history how hot air balloon had started.  As he reached closer to the hot air balloon destination, he gave us a brief instructions what to do and what not to do.  Our Captain Bill was hiliarious and very nice.  The view of Phoenix was amazing.  We were so awe and wow by the view so high above.  At one point, we descended down and cruised along the way as Bill described the different types of catus that can be found in AZ.  We saw Jack Rabbits running around through the desert.... and off we went back high above.  After the ride, we were served with breakfast and champagne.  It was a nice touch to end the expedition.  I would highly recommend this company to anyone who's thinking of taking a Hot Air balloon ride when visiting Phoenix.  We had a wonderful time.  Thank you Hot Air Expeditions!!!
4	We were out in Scottsdale for a work trip and one of the adventures we could choose was hot air ballooning and we decided on that since we had a blast doing it before.  Gary picked us up in the van bright and early and talk about someone with tons of energy.  He helped everyone set up and literally ran from every space which was comical to watch except for the part that he almost got run over by another van.Our captain was Patrick and he was awesome.  I'd highly recommend asking for him if you go out with Hot Air Expeditions.  He was really funny and gave some great insight and history into the area.  We ended up going up 9,000 feet which was pretty amazing.The breakfast afterwards was absolutely delicious as well.  Highly recommended even just for that part of the adventure.
4	While the overall experience was fairly decent, there were parts that were strange.We originally were planned to go on a Saturday morning, having to meet at Deer Valley Airport at 5:15 am, but that trip was cancelled due to wind.  Therefore we rescheduled, that rescheduling was not a problem, just an inconvenience.  We ended up going the following Saturday.  Again we had to wake up bright and early to meet at 5:15 and then headed in a 15 passenger van to the launch location.  Once at the launch location we waited for the balloon to fill up and boom, lift off, and we were up and away!  There were 12 of us in the basket, including the pilot, which was pretty cramped, there was not enough room for everyone to look out, so my boyfriend and I had to take turns.  WEAR A HAT AND SLEEVED SHIRT, the flame is extremely hot and can cause discomfort if you are not prepared for it.  They provided hats for those of us who were not aware.  We were in flight for about 45 minutes, not a second of it was boring.  Upon landing we were supposed to be greeted with a catered breakfast, but this was unable to happen because our pilot chose to land on the wrong side of a wash and the van could not get to us.  Therefore we spend about 30 minutes wandering in the desert watching the van drive parallel to us, unable to get to us.  Finally the van got stuck in a wash, we walked over to them and they rapidly setup our breakfast, which was delicious!! Then they popped open two bottles of champagne, which was much needed.  Overall it was enjoyable, just a few hiccups along the way! :)
5	What can I say - my best friend came into town and I wanted to show him a few things unique to Phoenix. This was the last thing we did before he left for home and wow - did this blow both of our minds.Our captain was Tommy - talk about a fun, professional and entertaining pilot! He was very knowledgeable and happy to talk about the mechanics of piloting the balloon as well as to point out things to observe while in flight. We also topped the altimeter at around 6,900' - what a thrill!!! Thanks Tommy.Getting picked up at the airport and shuttled to the launch point, our driver was very friendly and cracked a few jokes to put people at ease and set the stage for a great time. Being able to watch the balloon fill up was very cool. The flight was amazing, great for photos. If you don't like heights . . .. rethink this plan of yours.The breakfast at the end was just a perfect way to finish off a great morning. The team who took care of use were very friendly and incredibly hospitable. I can recommend them enough. They told me to try a night flight . . . so, I'll see you guys for a night flight. And yes, I'll be asking for Captain Tommy.
5	Gary and Mark were just amazing, the service from beginning to end fully exceeded my expectations! The flight was over an hour and the views are amazing. This was a highlight of our trip to Arizona of sure. Breakfast was outstanding.
5	I have done 2 hot air balloon rides, one today and one about five years ago.  Today we left out of Deer Valley airport, launched from Cave Creek and Pinnacle Peak.  The flight was awesome, saw the beautiful Arizona desert at sunrise and my wife and I had a great time.  The staff is lively and fun.  If you want to be pampered, then this may not be for you, but the captain and other staff are very knowledgeable about the area and ballooning.  We capped off the flight with mimosas and breakfast.  I didn't expect the breakfast, a very nice surprise.  If you are adventurous, check this out and I guarantee a great time!
5	The staff took great care of us from the time we took off to landing. It was nice because one person in our group was a little nervous before the flight and the crew was very helpful in taking their mind off of being nervous. Our group was lucky that we were able to fly that morning. The captain said the weather conditions weren't exactly ideal, but if we didn't mind a shorter ride we could still go. Thank you so much for that! It was a calm and beautiful experience. I felt the captain was in control of the balloon the whole time and there was nothing to be scared of. The views are amazing in Arizona and a hot air balloon ride is a cool way to experience the Sonoran Desert. From where we started, we flew over mountains and could see Lake Pleasant! We saw lots of Saguaro catci and could almost peer into some basins where desert wildlife roam. I don't know why waited so long to try a hot air balloon ride, but one thing's for sure, I definitely would go up with Hot Air Expeditions again!
5	Visited Scottsdale for my 50th birthday and thought it would be fun to celebrate my actual birthday with a sunrise hot air balloon ride.  I'd never done it before and wanted to experience something new and different.  Being a city girl, I was not prepared for such amazing views and such a different landscape!  We booked for the morning of November 5.  Alas, after getting up super early and being driven out to the desert, we found out that our ride was cancelled due to wind.  Fortunately we could book the sunset ride later in the day which we did and we were not disappointed!  We had a fabulous crew: professional, friendly, courteous.  Patrick was our pilot and he gave us a amazing tour.  There were 12 of us in a 16-passenger balloon; a bit crowded trying to maneuver to get the perfect photo but anywhere you stood you had amazing views.  We got an incredible shot of a nearby balloon passing in front of the sunset.  Patrick called it a "balloon-ar eclipse!"  Very cool.  After our safe and smooth landing, the crew set up a spread complete with champagne, treats and a special cake for my birthday.  Very thoughtful and a great way to end the ride.  I highly recommend this company and if you've never been in a hot air balloon, you definitely need to experience this!
5	Beautiful ride, perfect weather, delicious catered outside champagne brunch upon landing.  We could not have asked for more!The crew and  the pilot, Bill, were knowledgeable, efficient and entertaining.Thanks for a great experience!
5	I went for my first hot air balloon ride today and had a fantastic time. Captain Mike and his crew were fantastic, looked like they enjoyed what they did and made the group feel very comfortable with the whole experience.   The breakfast they served in the middle of the desert was great.    I will certainly recommend that my friends and family go for a ride with these guys.
5	This outfit is a class act.  All of the staff we encountered were fun, friendly, and enthusiastic.  They clearly enjoy their jobs and that always makes for a better experience.  I'll be honest - I was pretty nervous about this adventure because I have an issue with heights.  In fact, I intentionally didn't let myself think about this the entire week prior because I was convinced I would freak myself out.  And strangely, it was okay.  The only dicey part for me was right before we took off and the balloon started to lift slightly from the ground.  The reality of the situation is a little startling but once we were up and away, I was oddly unaffected.  (And I will note that I even tried to freak myself out.  I purposely looked down at the ground and tried to guess the injury level if one were to jump.  Still okay.)  The ride is gentle and perhaps even relaxing.  Remember seeing miniature landscapes under glass at a museum?  It's a lot like that.  At the conclusion of the ride, we were treated to appetizers and champagne.  From beginning to end, it took about 3 and a half hours.  I don't know that I would be compelled to do another ride in Arizona because as a local, the novelty of cacti and coyotes has worn off but if I had guests that wanted to do it, I would definitely book with this company.
5	I booked a hot air balloon ride to celebrate my wife's birthday. Knowing in advance that my wife is afraid of heights, I read a lot of reviews on yelp and trip advisor and was encouraged by the number of reviews written by people who were afraid of heights. They seem to enjoy the experience after all. I'm happy to announce that my wife had a blast and even said she would do it again! She never felt afraid or motion sickness. Our experience was consistent with most others reviewed here. The trip was flawless from beginning to end. The staff were fun and friendly. Water was offered to the passengers on board the flight. The flight itself was very smooth and relaxing. Following a very graceful landing, we enjoyed breakfast and Champagne. And the surprise was a cake, which they brought out for my wife's birthday. I would highly recommend this company to anyone considering a hot air balloon ride. Ask for Captain Patrick - he was great!
5	Surprised my boyfriend with a hot air balloon ride on a Saturday morning.  I did a lot of research and read lots of reviews. Hot Air Expeditions had the best reviews.  It was all that I expected it to be.  Tom was our driver and he had a great personality.  I have lived here since I was 3 and my boyfriend and I learned a lot about the valley during our ride with Tom.  We had our first stop to see if the winds were good.  Then we watched as lots of balloonists departed (like being a storm chaser....very cool) to go to Thunder Alley.  They were all on the hunt for the right spot.  Patrick was our Pilot.  He had over 20 years experience and hundreds (if not more) flight hours.  He also had a great personality, was funny and enjoyed his job.  He explained a lot to us and also gave us an education on the Valley and what we were seeing and how ballooning worked.  It was a very peaceful and calm experience.  My boyfriend really enjoyed himself.  Our landing was top notch.  Then we had a wonderful champagne breakfast in the desert.  Vincents on Camelback is the restaurant this amazing food comes from.  No other company in the valley offers this amazing breakfast.  I'm a foodie...trust me on this.  In addition, our entire group sang Happy Birthday to my boyfriend.  It was a one of a kind experience for him.  As a hint, check in on Yelp before your flight and get a free champagne glass at the end.  If you want to take a balloon ride in the valley this is the company you want to use.  Ask for Tom and Patrick and you won't be disappointed.
4	Let's get the cons over with first (the final star that could've been)-Got a call ~2 hours before our "meeting time" (4:45 p.m., one of the last, if not for the last evening departure for the season) saying there is a 50% chance the ride would be canceled due to "thermal winds" - I was a bit bummed, as this was a birthday present on my actual birthday planned for sometime - also we are from Chicago and didn't know if we would be able to get it in before heading back - with that being said, my thoughts are if your hot air balloon ride possibly being canceled is one of the biggest problems in life, you must be doing pretty good.  Anywho, so not that this would've been a negative towards the company whatsoever, as hey, they can't control the weather... However, we decided to take the drive (~35 minutes from where we stay) and hope for the best, as we were told they wouldn't know until really close to flight time.  Fortunately, we were able to get on, everything was smooth, etc.  With that being said, afterwards we asked others (10 other people in our group, 3 different groups of people) if they had received a similar call from the company.  Not one of them had.  Giving people the benefit of the doubt (i.e. one group didn't because they didn't check their voicemails, etc.) is quite difficult in this situation.  Especially since we got a pretty good deal, we feel that they probably overbooked and were trying to reschedule us for a next day 6:00 a.m. apt. that was not yet filled.  This is speculation, of course, but even if this is not the case...that means they did not call to inform others about the possibility of it being canceled to at least give them as well the opportunity to reschedule/not drive there for nothing? Hmm..-Other con, while more minor, still should be noted..it was my birthday, and I read other reviews that they had given cake or had a sign on hot air balloon (my husband had informed them ahead of time) or something to make it a little more special (as if going on a hot air balloon isn't enough! lol) - there was nothing like that...my husband ended up paying for the souvenir champagne glasses ($10/each!), which could've easily just been given to us, or at least one of them, as a birthday gift.  They are really cute but definitely not work $10/each.  Now for the GOODS!Smooth take-off, somewhat rocky landing. The way I prefer!I am alive and thus am able to write this review.It was absolutely beautiful.So unique. Again...really...Overwhelmingly beautiful.Captain was extremely laid-back, made some jokes, and made everyone feel safe and comfortable.  It got pretty dark after we landed, which added to the fun of being in the middle of the desert, drinking some champagne and a small yet uniquely put together plate of h'orderves.   We got to over 7,000 feet in the air, which just feels cool to say.  Thank you, Hot Air Expeditions for an unforgettable experience!
5	My first balloon ride was with Hot Air Expeditions a few days ago so I have nothing to compare this company to, but my bucket list experience was everything I had hoped for.  My friend and I had to meet them two days in a row because our initial flight was cancelled due to high winds.  The second attempt was successful but during set-up, it was discovered that the balloon had a tear, so another rig was brought out for us.  Yeah, we had to wait longer than everyone else and get up at 4am two mornings in a row, but that's the nature of this business and for those who complain about it should take a hard look at the miracle of flight and be grateful that this opportunity is accessible to us in the first place.  The crew we dealt with was pretty friendly, especially considering how early they have to get up and how physically hard they work.  Our Captain was Walter and the Crew Chief was Todd.  Great guys.  My friend felt that Walter was a little dramatic when landing and made her nervous because he thought out loud.  Our landing was more challenging for him because we flew later in the morning, which is not his preference.  As for myself, I was highly entertained by it and thought the whole landing process was a riot.  I will add that it was incident free.  It just took longer than usual because the weather is trickier as the day goes on.  The ride itself is very serene and it's cool to see other balloons around you.  The views are lovely, despite the fact that you're in the desert.  The champagne breakfast at the end wraps things up nicely.  I wasn't expecting them to bring picnic tables out so we could eat where we landed. so that was cool.  The food was high quality and I'm not going to complain about being served mimosas at any time of the day.My only recommendation would be that the Captain initiate introductions amongst the people sharing a basket, as I think it would make things more comfortable for everyone right from the start.  The basket is cozy so knowing the name of the person invading your space ahead of time would be nice.
5	Didn't know what to expect...Went at the end of April with some friends.  Our Captain, Patrick was the lead captain of the company.  I must say, he was very witty and easy going as well as knowledgeable.  I was a little leery about going up so high but the whole process was so gradual (going up) that it was not as bad as I thought.  The gondola is quite large as well as high (another story if you're 6'6").  We woke up at crack of dawn and made it to the shuttle.  Surprisingly, there were several shuttles and they were all full.  As we got near the site, the driver pulled over and communicated with the company and decided to head to another launch site.  They said that the original site was too windy.  At the launch site, it is amazing to see how efficient the crews are.  They have fun but work hard.  They don't waste time, which in our case was nice.  We were able to make it up as the sun came up.  Beautiful and breathtaking.  We made it to about 6500 feet.  (FYI: Captain Patrick holds the record for the highest flight).Landing was a little different than I thought.  Patrick walked us through it about how bumpy it was going to get and that we might end up with a tilted gondola.  They had crews waiting on the ground and as soon as we landed, they were right on top of the gondola to keep it upright.  (kinda like going on a roller coaster ride :)After we got off, the crew set off to set up for our champagne brunch.  The food was DELICIOUS!  The pastry and the quiche along with the apples and the OJ (didn't have the champagne but others said it was really good).  Top notch service and experience.  You won't regret it- even if you're afraid of heights.  :)
5	My first hot air balloon experience and it was really great. Our pilot was Patrick and he did a great job. I would fly again with him anytime.
5	My first air balloon ride and I did it just right and in style.  This about 2 hour ride was filled with breathtaking views and great narration by our 2 pilots.  Our group was fun and entertained by all the sights and talk in the air. When we landed we were greeted with a champagne toast and beautiful picnic brunch.  We had chocolate croissants, quiche, apples and cheese and ever flowing mimosas.  It was the perfect ending to our great trip to Arizona.
5	awesome experience. had a bit of a scheduling mishap due to weather and sleeping in and they were very understanding in rescheduling me even though they technically didn't have to. overall, wonderful and highl recommended
5	It was my first ride and the service was great. Our pilot, John, did a great job. Highly recommend it.
5	Amazing! Captain Patrick and his team are phenomenal and also have a great sense of humor! The flight was flawless and landing smooth and had breakfast and champagne waiting for us. As a Concierge for a luxury resort I will be recommending this to everyone!!!!!
5	This was my first hot air experience and I was blown away. The employees and pilot were awesome. We flew with Bruce Willis aka Patrick who is the cream of the crop when it comes to hot air balloon pilots and Jesse. We had a wonderful experience and Patrick was very knowledgeable about Arizona geography and history which made the flight enjoyable. After a wonderful scenic ride we celebrated our successful flight with a delicious catered breakfast were we met new friends and enjoyed mimosas...I mean it doesn't get better than that on a Saturday morning. Thanks so much for the great start to my day!Jessica
5	Hot Air Expeditions did an amazing job. This was likely a once in a lifetime event and we had a lot of fun. Our van driver and balloon pilot were both entertaining and informative. The rest of the ground crew was top notch as well.I concur with the recommendations to wear long sleeves and a hat. Both due to the cold (from the air) as well as the heat (from the burner).The views were amazing. Quite the experience.It's pricey but worth it.
5	This was hands-down the most remarkable experience ever!!! HAE picked me up from my hotel and returned me safely. every one was super friendly and it made for a relaxing vibe. I took the sunrise ride up and we stayed up for nearly an hour and a half. It was serene, calm and breathtaking! We landed in another random desert spot and a van drove to us. They then set up a breakfast table right there and we feasted while the wonderful guys tore the balloon down. I will never forget this incredible day in Phoenix.
5	Had a great time with Walter and Al! Will definitely be back. First class service beginning to end.
5	Amazing experience! Our pilot, Mike, was attentive and very knowledgable. The ride was so great and the view breathtaking. I was really nervous at first but it quickly subsided. As cliche as it seems, you really feel like you're floating. Once you come down, after about an hour, there is a lovely breakfast setup and mimosas are provided. Great ending to a perfect excursion.
5	I had such an amazing time on this tour. I took my mom for her Christmas gift and it was one of the bet Christmas gifts I have ever given. The tour includes a 45-60 min hotair balloon ride then where ever you land the crew with the truck finds you and brings along your brunch. They set up tables and the champaign brunch is included. A must do while you are in the Phoenix Arizona. You get a beautiful view of the city and desert.
5	Most amazing trip ever the staff was great the pilot Patrick made everyone comfortable. Definitely a must do, great time
5	While in Phoenix for spring break, we experienced our first hot air balloon ride.  It was amazing!  Everything was very well-organized - from the meeting place to drop-off.  The van driver was very nice and accommodating- especially, since my little girl was ill while riding in the bumpy back of the van.  The take-off was very cool-  all of a sudden we were just floating up.  We got up to 5200 feet in the air and had terrific views. (One reviewer mentioned that Sedona has better views- I have nothing to compare it to and enjoyed our experience)   Our pilot, John, was great and knowledgeable and we felt safe and content.  To wrap it all up, we had a lovely little champagne breakfast and a story about the history of the hot air balloon.  It was a lovely experience that I will always remember.  A must do, at least once in your life....
5	We thoroughly enjoyed our hot air balloon ride with this company.  Very professional, very safe but friendly and informative staff.
5	Just got off an awesome ride! Once you are up it is so quiet and so beautiful that you forget you are 7000 feet above ground! Our Capt. Bill had really cool stories to share about the dessert landscape and he was very witty. The landing was the funnest part filled with lots of action and a few scary moments! Nothing I wouldn't do again! The breakfast set was a great way for every passenger that just joined  you in your adventure to talk about their experiences and get to know each other. We met some cool locals and a couple from Germany! Plus they give you champagne which makes everything all the better! At the end you get a cool personalized certificate with your name on it certifying you as a "Aerostatique" which is really cute! A must if you are in town!
4	Did a hot air ride this morning what an enjoyable experience! We were picked up at our resort right on time at 5am which I appreciated. Taken to the first potential take off location where it was explained to us why everyone was looking and pointing to the sky. They were reviewing wind conditions. Dissatisfied they drove us to a secondary location a few minutes away where we disembarked and where given the rules by our pilot captain bill. It was incredible watching these huge balloons fill up. After twenty or so minutes we were on our way. With some of the ground crew offering to take pictures of us in the basket. As another nice surprise they take photos from the ground all throughout the experience and make them available on their website for a year. There was literally no sense of motion and when there was our pilot explained why. I was blown away by how they we were able to drop low and then rapidly climb to thousands of feet in the air. 4 other balloons went up with us and it was cool seeing them at various points in the sky. The burners aren't that far from the basket and you will feel the Heat from them. Bring your own cap and shades if you can remember. If you don't they have spare Caps and water (to combat the Heat from that burner!) that they will pass out just before take off. We were up for a good hour or so leisurely moving through the sky across the highway down then up over highways. Don't forget to take a selfie(I completely forgot to do it). The landing was a bit rougher than I expected but we were given clear instructions on what to do at no time did I feel unsafe... Ok maybe slightly with the bouncing and dragging across the desert floor but just for a brief moment. Upon disembark we had a nice light breakfast we're served champagne and recited the balloonist prayer. After receiving our certificates payment was handled in a discreet manner we piled back in our van and where dropped off back at our resort. What an incredible experience! Captain Bill was awesome and very knowledgeable with bits of information and humor shared throughout the flight.
5	What a ride! My wife and I booked a trip with Hot Air Expeditions through our hotel during our stay a couple of weeks back. It was the first time either of us had taken a hot air balloon ride, and we're thrilled we did it. We'd certainly recommend Hot Air Expeditions for anyone looking for a fun, relaxing ride in the sky with amazing views. The whole experience, from start to finish, was outstanding. We were greeted at the Deer Valley airport and piled into a spacious van. We stopped at a restroom (!) before the short 15 minute drive to the take off point. We were briefed with all of the info we needed, both by our van driver and our Capt., so we all felt comfortable once we were up in the air. Once we loaded into the basket, the crew offered to take pictures of us which was a really nice gesture. Up in the sky, the Capt offered us water and good conversation. The views were spectacular, and the Capt knew exactly how to navigate the wind and make for a smooth ride. After about 70 minutes or so in the sky, the landing was perfect. Little did we know, the party was just getting started!Upon landing, we were presented with breakfast displayed on a picnic table. The breakfast consisted of a croissant, quiche, cheese, and fruit. Most importantly, there was champaign and OJ. We toasted to our accomplishment! The crew even presented a cake to a couple of people who were celebrating their birthdays! Finally, we were each given a personalized certificate to take home marking our accomplishment. The balloon ride itself was awesome, but it's the little things along the way that made the experience memorable. We highly recommend Hot Air Expeditions for the full experience!
5	Had a great time. Well put together and professionally run. Felt safe and I was confident in the crew's/pilot's abilities.
5	AMAZING TIME!! Mikey D and Gary and crew were incredibly accommodating, fun and generous. Mikey D especially put the trip over the top giving us a one of a kind ride! Would recommend to anyone and everyone. Can't say enough good things. Great group to ride with as well!
