5	This is a new show, probably one you don't see too much advertising on. I actually had to add it on YELP because when I went to go check in, it wasn't on here. The door ushers were nice enough to allow me to take some pictures of inside prior to the start of the show. Show room is easy to find upstairs @ the Riviera hotel. Box office is downstair nears front doors. It's a good size. My friend & I were seated close to the stage, though it was a small crowd. I understand setting up the tables sideways facing the stage to be able to put more people in the showroom but its not a very comfortable way to sit to watch the show. Luckily due to the small crowd I was able to reposition myself & not be in anyone's way.Shortly after my friend & I sat down a cocktail waitress came over to get drink orders. I gave her a credit card & was offered to leave it open. I only told her no because I wasn't sure if I left it open how often she would have been back. Well now I wonder if I did leave it open if that would have automatically brought her back to the table because I had to practically wave her down to get another drink. She went to the table next to ours (who did leave an open tab with her) & got a second drink order on them but never looked over to us or anyone else, it wasn't until she went back to them a 3rd time I was able to wave her down for a second drink. I was getting thirsty in there with all the laughing I was doing.So anyways lets get on to the show. So I was once in my 20's (best years of my life) & currently I'm in my early 40's so I was able to relate to a lot of the jokes. This guy was pretty funny! I recently went to comedy show 2 wks prior to this & saw 3 comedians & this guy in this show had me & the audience laughing more then the other show I had recently seen.He himself told the crowd his age, so he definitely knows what he is talking about when it comes to life in your 20's & in your 40's. I don't want to give away all his jokes & ruin the show for you but it's definitely worth seeing if your looking to go out & have a lot of laughs. Laughter is the BEST medicine you know!! Show starts @ 10pm every night but dark on Sundays.Its not a show just for people in their 20's or 40's. There were a few elderly people in the crowd, over 60's who were laughing up a storm to his jokes & knew what he was talking about. He's very interactive with the crowd too! Your not allowed to bring in drinks from the outside, there is a bar area in the showroom along with servers. Drinks are super cheap!! $4.00 for my vodka & diet coke.  $6.00 for a long island ice tea. I recommend asking for a bigger plastic glass to have your drink last you a little longer. They do provided ice water too.  Your not allowed to take video or photo's during the show or use your cell phone. The comedian is outside after the show with CD's to sell & chat with. I will be seeing him again in the near future & I suggest you go too!!
5	really fun show.  if you were a kid of the 70's or 80's you'll especially love it. matt is fun and engaging and the atmosphere at the Riv is really fun and old school vegas.  loved it!
5	Wonderfully FunnyI saw the show 12-8-14 and thoroughly enjoyed it. The humor was spot on for those 40 and over. I could totally relate. It was irreverent but still tasteful. (more or less)I laughed through the entire show and would recommend it and go again.
5	This is one of the better comics on the strip. We laughed the entire time. Highly recommended for all adult ages
5	Matt was awesome! If you are any age between 20-50+, there is something you can relate to. We laughed the whole time, as all of his material is so relevant to anyone who grew up in the 70's and 80's. He brought back fond memories and helped us realize that.....well....40 is what it is...40!
