4	Interesting, featured in Las Vegas Weekly, but no reviews. This bar, and especially its $7.50 Happy Hour (Sun-Thu, 5-7pm), is a hidden gem.Bar menu is an elaborately researched, leather-bound history of American cocktails, rendered in an unfortunate cursive font that's hard to read, but give it a chance and you'll learn a lot. The cocktails are all handcrafted with exquisite attention to detail. I enjoyed talking booze with our friendly mixologist, and could easily have ordered each and every classic on the menu, but crab legs were waiting for me at the buffet.Clover Club (gin, lemon juice, raspberry syrup, and egg white): a knockout.Vieux Carre (whiskey, cognac, bitters, Benedictine): also great, strong. Tasted: Mai Tai (a souped up version of the classic): killer, tartHemingway Daiquiri (rum, lime & grapefruit juices, maraschino liqueur): not at all the sweet daiquiri you'd expect, very smooth.Alas, it's trapped in the Monte Carlo. HIT appears to be carved out of half the High Limit Lounge (never seen so many cameras hovering over a bar before), and while the sofas and bar feel luxe, the blah view of the gaming area reminds you that you're not at Cosmopolitan or Mandarin's sexier bars. Easily the biggest drawback, but if you can get over it, you're in for some fantastic drinks.
5	I had a MyVegas reward for a free whiskey tasting. I really went into the experience expecting some free whiskey and leave. I have never been more wrong. James our bartender for my group was extremely knowledgeable in all regards. He picked from the large selection he thought would be best to try. The conversation following was something I will take away with for a long time. Talking about whiskey and scotch along with everything behind it was a learning experience. James made the experience so much more then grabbing a drink at the bar. highly recommend it. Also getting a nice buzz is a plus too. ;)
1	I went to this bar to get drinks with some family from out of town on Saturday and had the worst experience I've ever had at a bar in Las Vegas. The bartender measured every ingredient for every drink. I have never seen a bartender anywhere in vegas have to measure. The drinks were very weak and were definitely not worth the $15 per drink we paid. If the bartender had been at least a little personable it would have made up for it but I couldn't get a conversation flowing with him no matter what I tried to talk to him about. I more than likely won't be going back unless I have family or friends staying at the Monte Carlo.
4	Swanky, classy, and cool!A friend and I came here to redeem our myvegas reward vouchers for free whiskey tastings.  Upon sitting at the bar, we were given a menu of from which to choose four whiskeys for sampling.  After selecting among known favorites (Jameson Select Reserve and Macallan), we asked the bartender for some recommendations for our final two choices.  I'm pretty picky when it comes to whiskey (strictly Jameson fan), but to my surprise, I enjoyed all 4!Valued at $40, the reward was quite a steal.  Pours were very generous, and the bartender was accommodating with my requests for ice and water.  Cool ambiance, comfy seats, and all around a wonderful place to take a breather from the Vegas of it all.
