3	There are (at least) two Starbucks in the Tempe Marketplace (Target and Borders).  Starbucks sucks and it makes my sweat smell caffeinated.  This was a smooth pull with lovely foam and none of the stinky after-effects.  Real cappuccino cups rule my world.  Ceramic is much more comforting than paper, even when you're sitting on weird outdoor furniture in front of a gas-light "wood" fire surrounded by commercialism, capitalism, and all its trappings.  WWMS? (what would marx say)
3	I like a lot of things about Coffee Bean better than Starbucks - their Ice Blended drinks (way better than Frappucinos), their espresso (a lot richer than Starbucks'), and their powder-based (not syrup) formula for flavored drinks. The employees at this location were really friendly, and the fruit-tea blended I got was really good, although it was a little pricey for a regular size (~$5). However, I'm going to have to dock this location two stars for not having their own wireless network and for having very few plugs for laptops. These days, it's pretty much a given that you should be able to go to a coffee shop, get a beverage, and then sit at a table and surf the net. When I first sat down, I noticed that there were no available plugs - the only outlet was far from my seat and was being monopolized by some 10-year-old kid listening to music on headphones and pounding on his computer keys while his parents sat and conversed at a different table. I guess I'll save my commentaries about modern parenting techniques until another time...Anyway, after trying to connect and not seeing a Coffee Bean network, I asked the guy behind the counter if they had wireless. He said no, gave some excuse about how they're still trying to set it up (even though they've been open for some time now), and said I could try to get onto Paradise Bakery's network. That's eventually what I did, but the signal was weak since I was in Coffee Bean and not Paradise (no pun intended!). I didn't want to go buy something else there just to have better signal so I stayed put, but I was very disappointed that I had chosen to go there when I had a few hours to kill precisely to relax and go online and that they didn't provide that basic service.
5	I've always loved Coffee Bean, and not just because they aren't $tarbucks. Their coffee is just plain better. The people there also know coffee - they aren't there because McDonald's wasn't hiring this week. They can tell you about the coffee they sell, and help you find what you want.Apparently they don't have wi-fi, so if that's what you need with your coffee look elsewhere. This place just has good coffee and treats. I'm really a fan of the Black Forrest Ice Blended. Especially now, in the Summer. I'm so glad there's now one close to work.
4	I love Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf because I am from Seattle and Starbucks is just old news.  I had a Vanilla Frozen Latte and it was great.  On a nice warm evening in Arizona it's great to cool off with a frozen coffee.
2	So my 2nd place this week that doesn't serve real cream.  How?  Do you have a coffee shop that only stocks half & half.  Are cream and sugar not the coffee staple.I left so I cannot review the staff.  I am sure they are friendly.  Sad I really wanted to try there coffee.
4	If you're in the Tempe market place this is a good little spot to stop and enjoy a nice caffeinated beverage. Nice menu and lots of variety with flavors. Tried the iced peach latte and it was fricken delicious. boyfriend even had one and loved it and he is not a coffee fan at all. Its location is perfect as well. Right by the waterfall, so at night it's nice to sit here and enjoy the pretty color changing waterfall and but of course people watch..duh!check it out..good stuff.
3	This place is pretty cool. It is a chain so I won't go too far but the winter dream tea was the best thing I had this winter when I was trying to keep warm.That alone is worth the review.. I understand why they don't have the drink in the summer... but I just don't understand why they don't have the drink in the summer!
4	Have always had a great experience at this location. The customer service is always fantastic and the coffee tastes great. Wish there was more to write about, but it's just a great place to visit when at Tempe Marketpalce.
4	Met a colleague here yesterda afternoon. What a great coffee shop!I ordered a lemon bar and their version of a caramel macchiato. So wonderful! Kicks the pants out of Starbuck equivalent drink, and the lemon bar - best I've ever had.Reasonable pricing, considering it's at Tempe Marketplace and employee provided great service - brought my items out to me when I was sitting outside.See you soon!
3	As much I love Starbucks, I dig when i can get an alternative to the burnt stuff. I stopped at this location right before a pedi on Saturday morning and it was completely empty--what a pleasant surprise. The coffee places I go to are usually packed by that time so it was great to not see a single soul in there except for the workers. I like my coffee on the strong side (i.e. I want hairs growing on my chest) and their drip coffee seemed a little weak to me but exceptional service here!
4	This location is a bit smaller than other Coffee Bean locations I've been to.They have FREE WIFI (you have to look at the TV screen and on the bottom, there's an access code) It kicks you out after 2 hours and then will log you back in 10 minutes later.The baristas here are friendly and aren't overly talkative. It's great if you're shopping at the Tempe Marketplace to come by and get some coffee. Their standard milk is nonfat which is great for the calorie conscious! But they do have whole milk for those who like their fatty moo-juice.
5	This is a great little place to do homework at if you can get there early enough to snag a table.  Seating is limited and tables are usually taken with students with their laptops and notes strewn across the table.  Baristas are always very friendly and quick.I'm currently addicted to their vanilla iced latte.  Try it.
2	If you're going here for "tea" good luck. Not much more than flavoring syrup and hot water. If you want a real cup of tea walk down to Tea Infusion.
4	great service and friendy staff.A good place to people watch and just sit on a nice day.
5	They make the best gingerbread latte! I always receive great service!
4	I'm thirsty, I want coffee, the doors were open...it was practically calling my name.I walk in and panic sets in. I'm not familiar with the menu, one of my kiddos needs a napkin and is yanking on my pant leg, there's an annoying teenager in the corner yelling that he wants a Frappuccino (the barista suggests a similar drink for him trying to not show her obvious annoyance)...aaahhhhh!! I'm not prepared for this.I get an iced tea. I didn't want an iced tea, I wanted coffee. I have a whole pitcher of iced tea in my fridge at home. Damn! It was good though.I'll be back, next time for coffee. I won't let my lack of preparedness and shared annoyance with other patrons keep me away.
5	Grabbed a mocha/caramel iced coffee blend and it put Starbuck's Frappucinos to shame. You learn something new everyday I see. My new go-to caffeine shop.
2	Two things: One, please don't eat behind the counter while customers are in the store. Two, please don't touch the lid of my drink if you didn't wash your hands. That's disgusting and that happened today at around 1pm. I am a barista at a local coffee roaster in Tempe so I completely understand that coffee shop jobs are very relaxed, but you still have a responsibility to make sure you're following health code standards especially when it comes to someone else's drink. The cashier was nice and all but when he told me how much money i owed, he had a burp he couldn't hold in, covered his mouth, burped, took my money, gave me my change, started prepping my drink. Kinda weird, didn't think anything of it. But then, while I was waiting for my drinks, he interacted with another family, popped some food in his mouth, then took one of my two coffees and put the lid on it right in front of me, covering the lid holes with his fingers while the barista capped the other. Not once did I see this guy walk to the sink to wash. I left grossed out, kind of not wanting to come back but I'm not driving to Scottsdale to get a hazelnut coffee whenever I have a craving for it. At least my drink was good.
3	This was a neat little place (colorful and fun looking). I wouldn't say I was wowed away nor was I disappointed with my experience (food wise). I'd like to give this place another go before I make up my mind about whether to like or dislike this place. As of right now, I view them as about average with friendly staff and a nice place to chill.The original mocha ice blended I had was pretty good. The smallest size they had was quite big to me. I guess that's why their prices are a bit higher (?). Unfortunately, that was the only thing I tried so I can't recommend other items. From what I observed though, this place is pretty popular.
3	I've visited this location several times over the last year. The coffee is on the weak side but good, the atmosphere is clean and the wi-fi is sufficient (but annoyingly time-limited). Perhaps the only thing that really compels me to rate this place 3 stars as opposed to 4 is the irksome little reminder to "get up and stretch or get another coffee" each time your Wi-Fi allotment expires and you have to wait to renew. A writer, I sit for long stretches of time working my craft - its really disruptive to my train of thought having to pause for 5-10 minutes and be told to "get up and stretch, walk around, or get another cup of coffee." But, this is coming from a guy who takes offense to the Walgreens cashier ending my transaction with "Be well."
5	All of the ice blended drinks are fantastic, but what really impressed me was the service. Very helpful and friendly staff!
5	I came in town for the week and stopped by this Coffee Bean location. I love the location at an outdoor mall. Coffee Bean is hands down better than Starbucks. I always stop at one when in CA or AZ. I love the Ultimate Mocha blended drink with coffee beans. This is similar to the Java chip at Starbucks but it taste so much better then at Starbucks. So if your in town, I recommend paying this location a visit and enjoy their coffee. At the same time catch a movie or shop while your here. I wish they would have more locations in Texas.
4	Their Iced Mocha is really good.  I'm not to big on the bagels. That's the only reason I took off a star, everything from service to drinks is awesome!!!
4	For dessert-like coffee drinks, this is your place. Their winter selections are great, and I like that they offer various milk alternatives such as soy, almond, and coconut milk. They also offer some sugar free syrups, but they are limited to mocha/chocolate, and vanilla. I've had their peppermint mocha, and peppermint vanilla latte, and both were crafted with just the right amount of foamy, frothy (Almond) milk, syrup, and coffee. Service was great and my drink was made in a short amount of time.Seating is somewhat limited inside, although there are more tables and chairs outside.
