5	Katie, employee from heaven, is wonderful and will take care of you. About to begin my Mystic Tan experience with her. I'll keep you posted ;)
4	I do not feel like a celebrity when I tan here, but I do enjoy the service, for the most part the girls that run this place are top notch, I never have to show my little key chain thingy and usually have my account up before I even get through the door, the place is always clean and I think I only had to wait for a bed once. The hours are great. Overall it is very nice for Phoenix.Drawbacks and the reason this place did not get 5 stars:1. In most of the beds you do not have any way to listen to your own music, and they only play one radio station, and considering the age of the attendants you can expect to hear the Jonas Brothers or Maroon 5 or hip hop every time you are there. I like to relax when I tan...not feeling Fergies newest lady lump song when I am laying in a bed thank you.2.   There are no mirrors in the dressing room, I would like to see if I have have sweat or undissolved lotion all over me when I get out of the bed. One of the girls told me the owner doesn't believe in mirrors due to the fact he thinks that people would spend to much time in the rooms looking at themselves after they got done in the beds. R u serious!!!!..people tan to look better not for their health of course they are going ot look at themselves. Put in mirrors!!!3. In general I do not think their beds are that strong, I did not get really dark here after 3 Solid months of tanning with lotion..really expensive lotion!!!  4. They do not have a ton of lotions to choose from! Maybe two brands which they will try to push on you when you first sign up or are running out.Close put no fifth star celebrity I prefer Darque Tan in Scottsdale as the best tanning salon in the valley. Sorry Celebrity!
3	3.5 *'s...I rarely go indoor tanning, because of the "risks" and all. But we have an upcoming beach vacation and I wanted to get a head start on my tan. When I found a recent Groupon deal for here, I bought immediately.  I'm using the monthly pass for a good deal. Today's been my second day/experience here on the monthly pass. Yesterday no issues -- clean bed, towel & goggles were provided. I thought the goggles were a nice touch -- other places I was required to purchase my own. But I about fell over when I heard how expensive the lotions are. OMG!! $50 for bottle of lotion!! Are you kidding me?! The cheapest bottle was $35. Crap, that's expensive. (Or maybe that's the going rate - - either way, it's obviously been a long time since I've been in a tanning salon.)Today, arrived around 9:40am -- totally quiet. The front desk gal was more friendly than the girl yesterday. And I decided to up my time from 9min to 11min. Ummmm.... the bed never shut off!! I was counting the minutes in my head "So... if I've heard 4 songs, at an average of 3min/song -- that would be 12 min."    -- I looked at the timer, it was showing "..." So I pressed stop, and that didn't do anything. I advised the gal on my way out, and she said that they'll have someone take a look at it. So ..... be weary of bed #14 (if you go.)Clean place. Expensive lotions.
3	This place would get two stars but the girls are so nice. They know what they are doing and they are more than happy to help. I don't really tan but I'll mystic- their website shows a fancy WARM mystic booth which they don't actually have. I didn't realize this until I had already paid for a package. I was butt naked shivering as I was blasted by the doorless machine. However, it got the job done. The lotions are too expensive- you can buy them online much cheaper.False mystic advertising- not cool. no waits, nice girls, clean rooms- cool.
4	I try to not tan in beds very often, but love to Mystic Spray Tan. This place gave me a great price for a large package and I am very happy with the results. I always upgrade to the darkest liquid (the package is for the generic color) and always look awesome for about a week afterwards. The girls are usually very nice too. I left my Juicy Couture necklace while tanning once and they called and told me they had found it. When I came back in a few weeks later, someone had stolen it. Not sure who since it was behind the counter, but my bad for leaving it there for so long I guess. Karma to the person who took my necklace and a good learning lessen to me for not rushing back to get it. I don't tan a lot, but went in the other day and found my spray tans had expired. Yikes! I was VERY happy with the owner who extended the expiration so I can use the rest of my tans now. I was unaware of the 2 year expiration date, so I'm sure it was my fault for not reading something, but she gave me excellent and quick customer service. I will ALWAYS go back here now, even though I have moved farther away, and will refer people to them. I love their beds too, and will go a few times before my next vacation to get super tan and bring my fiancee. Their hours are early and late with no appointments but you'll never have to wait very long, if ever.Thank you Celebrity Tanning!
2	I grew up in the Midwest where everyone uses a tanning bed so I don't shy away from a good fake glow.  I got a groupon for an unlimited month of tanning for $24 in their entry level beds and couldn't wait to get my bronze on.The place is very clean and they have an amazing selection of beds (all UWE).  I also didn't have a problem with walking in and was always checked in in a prompt manor.My issue was with the sales process.  When I came in for my initial visit the girl behind the desk did her best to upsale me to the next level of bed from the one on my groupon.  I was told I could upgrade to the next level for another $30.  I asked about the value of my groupon and they said the $24 value I had paid for it would be put towards another level's month to month price which was really no deal for me to considered upgrading.Their level 1 bed is a Tropical bed which I am very familiar with and have used before (Bronze Boutique and Darque Tan).  Some beds were great and others there was no direct AC vent to the room and the bed fan was broken.  Some rooms didn't even have a trash can.Normally I have no problem ramping up to the full time on a bed but I hit a snag with these beds and couldn't get up to the full time.  Anytime I went in the bed over 10 min I got very red afterwards.  Thankfully I never peeled but even tanning, waiting 48 hrs and coming back, I couldn't get past 10 min without being miserable and sore.  When I asked about their bulbs the desk girl was happy to tell me about how much I could spend to upgrade to the next level where I would be "less likely to burn". Oh this business again :/They do have a large selection of lotions but they are not quality.  I am a Cal Tan girl and will occasionally stray to Matahari but I DON'T want to buy some cheap lotion created by JWOWW or Kardashian.Bottom line, you will be nickel and dimed (and burned) unless you want to shell out $80 a month for their Diamond level beds.
1	The bed was filthy here and the girls at front desk aren't very friendly. Not coming back.
1	I really like tanning here but the customer service really upset me tonight. Granted I got there about 5 minutes til closing, all the lights were on and the open sign was still on. When I pulled up in the parking lot, I could see the girls face visibly upset. I ran up to the door and she told me, "sorry, I already turned everything off and closed up everything." I saw two people in there waiting to tan so I'm pretty sure everything was not shut down plus I just wanted a mystic tan. I begged her to let me tan since I am going to Cabo tomorrow. She said " sorry, Tempe is open until 10." Normally, I wouldn't drop in right before closing but I was hoping she would accommodate since I was running a little late. If I were the owner, I would be upset if someone got turned away 5 minutes before closing. Now, I'm going to finish my tans and find another place. Getting business is obviously not a priority for this girl.
3	Love the beds, love the staff even more.  The reason for only three stars..... I left the country for a period of time (and am still out of country) and had put my account on hold, but I was never told after 2 months, they automatically start billing you again.  So when I saw a charge today for $53.90 I called and asked about it.  The gal was great on the phone, but because I never cancelled my account, or gave notice to cancel it they can't refund my payment, and putting your account on hold only last two months before they start taking payments out again..... It just would have been nice if there customer service would call you to confirm if you would be back, or wanted to put the account on hold again....sad they couldn't do anything about it....
5	Been going to this one and another location for almost 2 years. The employees have always been very knowledgeable, very friendly, energetic and helpful. They're very quick I resolve anything and keep customers happy. Great customer service and smiles!
5	I've been coming here for three years and can't say enough about how much I enjoy it. The girls are great and always very accommodating!
4	Great friendly staff, usually no wait times ! I recommend this place ! Prices are usually reasonable, I would recommend buying the package deal as it's cheaper and it gets you unlimited tanning. Most staff knowledgable about different bed types.
5	This is my absolute favorite location!! LOVE LOVE LOVE the iBed! Staff is always friendly and this location is the cleanest of the ones I have visited. The mats are always super clean. Love!
2	While celebrity tanning always appears to be one of the nicer tanning places in the valley, I would definitely avoid this location. The beds are poorly maintained; the bulbs are replaced very infrequently so there are always numerous bulbs that have burned out in whichever bed you use. But worse, the customer service is terrible. The girls working are usually distracted, chatting with friends rather than serving the customer. Also, regardless of which celebrity tanning you go to, do NOT sign up for a monthly membership. They say they have a 30 day cancellation policy but they don't pro-rate the partial month if you cancel mid-billing cycle so it's really a 60 day cancellation. Very shady that they don't clearly explain that.However, they do seem to keep the place clean which is why I gave them 2 stars rather than 1.
