5	What's that you say? You have a propane tank that's empty and you don't know what to do with it? I was in that boat, and was trying to decide where I should go swap my empty tank for a full one. I priced out the typical Blue Rhino swap places and it looked like it would cost me up to $30 for a refilled tank. Doing some research, I found a list of propane service companies, called up Arizona Propane, and they confirmed they would refill my tank while I wait. This part of McKellips Road always makes me laugh...3 miles from Scottsdale, 3 miles from Mesa, and yet whenever I'm on it I feel like I'm lost on a back road in West Texas. But the lot wasn't hard to find. I drove up to what looked like an old-time gas pump, the guy filled my tank for less than $15 and I drove away a happy camper, er, barbecuer. How easy was that?
5	They were very helpful in finding the leak that I had and was very professional.
5	I bought a house with a  hot tub and found Aero propane receipt. they were gruff, kind of rude, wouldn't fill my grill bottles, had a standard charge of a full tank whether or not my tank had any left in it, and charged $243 to fill my tanks regardless of how much I actually took.Then a friend recommended ARIZONA PROPANE (480-990-1620 teresa).  friendly PEOPLE AND They charge by the gallon, and two full tanks cost $150 total, NOT $243.  THEY ALSO FILLED GRILL BOTTLES when they were there and answered several questions I had.  I regret not finding them sooner, I wasted money twice using the wrong company. Never again.
5	I went online to Google and filled out the online form for 3 companies to help me with our propane issues and AZ Propane was the only company that contacted me.  They also went out of their way since we did not have a working stove due to our issues that they scheduled service sooner.  They were very fairly priced and showed up when they said they would.  I am incredibly happy to have found these folks since I had contacted Acorn propane weeks before and they never made it out to our home to address these issues.  As far as the other 2 companies...I guess they are to busy for more work.  I will be using AZ Propane now to fill our tanks since they are the only ones that would help us to begin with.
