1	I really wanted to like this place. Numerous spelling errors in the menu, prices changed immediately upon opening, noted in the menu with pen & stickers.Prices are too high for the quality of food.Ordered the Pho- certainly not as good as many other restaurants in town that serve pho.I won't return.Also service at lunch time was terrible, cannot come here for a normal lunch service if you need to be in & out.
1	The place is huge but was not full, so the service could have been *much* better. There was a line waiting to sit when I got there, even though there were many empty tables. I was by myself and where they put me the waiter didn't see me easily so I had to wait about 10 minutes to get any service even after sitting. A different server brought my food and it was not what I ordered. I had shrimp spring rolls and the special beef pho. The spring rolls were pretty bland but the peanut sauce that accompanied them was very good. I had never had pho before, but I didn't like it. I don't know if that was their fault or if I just don't like pho. I had to wait in line again to pay. I wish I'd read the one other review before I went!
1	Unfortunately, this restaurant scored only 1 star from me! The food tasted terrible. General chicken as listed on the menu(aka- general tso's chicken) was super bland, no flavor and the chicken tasted old. The next food was the combination fried rice which was $11.00 contained very small amount and greasy. But $11.00 for a fried rice??? WTH??? Who charges $11.00 for fried rice??? They're suppose to be located around the campus area with lots of students and as for the price, it was way too expensive for the food quality. I definitely won't be going back! Also, do not order the spring rolls. The wrap was hard and tasted old!
4	Good lunch. Pho was hood. Had the #4 and it was comparable to other vietnamese restaurant in town. Also had the beef hor fun and it was tasty. Quiet at 1145am because they just opened in September and not many know about the move from Monona to Madison. Would recommend eating here in the spacious room. Tip: look at the lunch menu before sitting down or else you will have to walk back to the door.
3	I've been here a couple times now and the food is decent. Price is reasonable for it's quality. The flavored for bun and pho decent and fall short of Saigon noodle a little bit. The restaurant is very spacious inside and can probably accommodate large groups. I haven't seen the place packed yet so I don't know how they can handle full capacity. I would definitely come back for casual dining.
3	The hell happened to you Kim's? If it wasn't known, the people who ran Kim's Noodles on Monona relocated here to Viet Bistro and its been the biggest inconvenience. Living on the northeast side of town, Kim's used to be within comfortable driving distance,especially after a night of heavy drinking. Their pho, although a bit bland, was a good friend to have, especially when all the condiments were all in front of you. Now, at Viet bistro, the condiments have disappeared. It wasn't much trouble to ask for fish sauce, chili paste and soy sauce but when you're having pho, you really shouldn't have to ask. Their pho hasn't changed though, its still a very good dish.  Their other dishes are good but overpriced. My friend had fried rice and it cost her ~8 bucks. It was good, but not $8 good. Their service is standard, they know when you're looking for water and are polite. I've heard of a Bistro Bowl: a bowl of pho twice as big as their large size bowl from my friend, but I have yet to ask for it. Place is clean and very nice looking. Might be back, maybe just to see if they've improved.
3	Oh Kim's Noodle, why did you move from Monona? I guess to be where the students are. Don't lose your soul in the transition...
1	This place is clean and the food is pretty good. But make sure u give yourself enough time for lunch!!! I had bad service there three times I was there. 1st in only asked how long my carry out will be the guy was like" do I see we have ppl here to service too?!?" He answered. " I just want to know how long it will take" I replied. The 2nd time i figured I ordered over the phone but it took me 15 min for the manger/ owner to understand what u wanted!!! He barely speak English and have a heavy accent. Not very nice in the phone ! No customer sever skill! I ended up cancelled the ordered and re think if I will ever order from them again!!!!!!! Not recommended !
5	Hands down best Chinese food I have EVER had in the Midwest.There is a new chef from  Hong Kong cooking the Chinese food. Try the hot and sour soup and generals chicken.
4	Heard from the owner that they just changed chef. This chef is from Hong Kong and the fishes are better.
5	If you go to an Italian restaurant and order chicken nuggets, you are bound to be disappointed. And also that is a stupid move. So why would you order Chinese dishes at a Vietnamese restaurant? Stick to the Vietnamese dishes like pho, bun, or banh mi and you won't be disappointed like all those other 1- and 2-star reviewers. They do the Vietnamese classics really well. Pho dac biet and bun bo hue are two of my favorite dishes and they do those well here. Check out their selection of banh mis as well and grab a Thai iced tea. Skip the Chinese fare; Ichiban Szechuan is a better choice for that.
5	Just got back from dinner and eager to share the news. Viet Bistro hired a new chef from Hong Kong. The menu has not changed yet but if you ask, they will have a hand written chinese menu of authentic Cantonese dishes. Ignore previous reviews. Previous 2 chefs were from Vietnam and dishes were so so. This new chef is good. See new photos.
5	I was told by Jason that the dim sum menu will begin Valentine's Day! Can't wait to try it then.
2	My experience here made me create a yelp account.  Starting with the positives - plenty of space and seating available, overall friendly staff, and affordable options on the menu.  On the flip side I felt the food portions and attention to detail were subpar.  Food portions - There are three different sizes of pho on the menu - small, large, and xl.  Being as hungry as I was I ordered the xl.  The waitress showed up with a big bowl of broth.  Never in my life have I finished eating a bowl (let alone an xl) of pho still feeling hungry.  The details - when I received my check, it was unclear as to whether I was supposed to pay at the table or pay at the register.  I sat around unnecessarily for a while...they certainly could have explained that better.  When I went to pay, they said they did not accept American Express although the sticker on the door said Amex.  When I questioned them about the sticker on the door they said they forgot to scratch it off...but still asked for a different form of payment.I wanted to like this restaurant but unfortunately it was the small food portions and lack of detail (and the fact they don't accept Amex) that makes me not want to go back here.  When you don't pay attention to the details on the floor who knows what goes on in the kitchen.
5	Another fantastic dinner with chef chan and owner Jason. Decided to take a risk and asked the chef to prepare a set if dishes for 8 people. Got surprised with a set of dim sum appetizers, a sneak preview of their fun sum menu starting 2/14 followed by 3 dishes I would not have ordered normally but will in the future. Check out the photos.
5	I only come here for Pho. Their Pho is the best in town. Beef soup delicious. Much better than Saigon's Noodle. Staff are friendly. The place is clean and spacious. Service is fast for Pho, not sure for other dishes though. I've tried pho in Kim's Noodle and it was far from comparable to Vietbistro's now. I think this really depends on the chef.
5	Update from Jason about dim sum. Equipment are not arriving in time for full dim sum menu. Joe wants to make sure all dim sum items are available for you to enjoy so dim sum menu will be delayed. Soonest might be next Saturday if all equipment shows up as promised. Jason sends his apology for the delay. Good things fine to those who wait. :-)
5	It is confirmed! Dim Sum menu starts this Sat, 2/22! Be ready. 7 days a week till 3 pm.
3	Came here with a couple of friends for lunch on Sunday. Sadly, I came away with my expectations unfulfilled.Service was rather lacking and slow. They seemed to be understaffed, with only 2 servers catering to the 15 or so tables during lunch hour. The menu was interesting, with loads of familiar Vietnamese dishes ranging from noodles to rice dishes, and Chinese stir-fried dishes. As recommended by fellow Yelpers, I went ahead and ordered Vietnamese favorite - Pho with meatballs. I got a large bowl, which was a dollar more expensive than the regular, hoping to go home with leftovers for another meal (which is what happens at Ha Long Bay and Saigon noodles). Sadly, for $9, I got noodles only enough for one meal, and 3 half meatballs. The soup was tasty, but I wouldn't say it was better than Ha Long Bay and Saigon noodles. Definitely I would lean towards the rice dishes next time.Also, I'm excited to hear they would be serving Dim Sum, which is horribly lacking in Madison. Noticing that there were cantonese among the servers gives me a spark of hope that this would be a reasonable place to assuage my hunger for Dim Sum in Madison!
3	Came here with excitement that it started to serve dim sum. We were kept waiting for 15 minutes before we were seated. There were open seats just that no one was in charge of cleaning things up. Weird. No utensils, no water, no one to take order after we were seated for 10 minutes. The service is terrible. Slow. Understaffed. Uncoordinated. Obviously they were overwhelmed by dim sum lovers on a weekend. I could see the waitresses felt awkward, too.  Seriously, someone needs to fix the system here.Finally came the dims sum carts. We chose five different items. They were all pretty good. However, many dishes were not warm enough because being on the cart for too long. They also have pan-fried noodles on the cart, which is not typical, at least that is the first time I've seen noodles on a cart in my life. I would guess they are too cold for anyone to enjoy. Fear of kept waiting for even longer, we rushed to check out after having the first round of food. The owner explained to us that the slowness is due to the unexpected good business. I thought you should always be prepared when you run a restaurant. Overall, the dim sum was actually pretty good, but the dining experience is so underwhelming. I would give Viet Bistro another chance when it is not as busy, hope it will not let me down again. * on my first visit, I tried pho. It was okay, not as good as Saigon's. But if you crave for a noodle soup in central Madison, it is a passable place. I think they seriously need to downsize its menu. Either focus on dim sum or Vietnamese food, or American Chinese food. There is no way to be a decent restaurant when playing three roles at once.
2	We ordered egg rolls and a small bowl of pho as a post-dinner snack. After trying both, I was more excited about the egg rolls than I was about our pho. The broth is oily and thin, not collageny, the noodles were soft, not chewy, and the round steak, perhaps not sliced thin enough, was a little tough.The French press coffees, both iced and hot, with condensed milk were the best versions of Vietnamese coffee I've had in Madison, and I've ordered this everywhere. At a hefty price of $3.50 a mug though, I might be better off making this myself at home. Service was nice, if a little detached. The booth I was sitting in was super wobbly when another couple sat down behind me so I had to move to the other side and eat next to my dining companion. Cute or awkward?
3	Jfyi, this is Kim's Noodle, which moved over from Monona Dr next to Viet Hoa grocery store.The food is the same, it's hit n miss. Some days it'll taste great, other days it's just blah. The price, however, is WAY overpriced. $12 for a x-large bowl of Pho, which is about the size of a medium anywhere else, which usually costs $6-8. I wouldn't mind as much about that, but the bowls seem to get smaller each time I go there, and they give you less and less. Not only that, but the prices are actually crossed out in pen and you can see the actual price hike.Service is typical, leaning toward above average but not by far as they've hired a white girl as a hostess. The servers, however, like to think they have perfect memory and never write down our orders, since I usually just go there with my wife so it's just 2 orders usually. She has specific ingredients she's allergic to and 3 out of 5 times now, they got it wrong even after we've gone out of our way to look like a-holes to them by stressing that she cannot eat onions and nuts.They did start serving Dim Sum now. I haven't tried it yet, but it's nice to have the option.Location doesn't justify the prices. I assume they think they hit the jackpot in prime location. It's in a newer, wanna-be upper scale plaza next to Panera Bread, Chakra House, and a wannabe fancy nail salon with limited parking. It's also across the street from Bayview apts and a u-haul station. Nothing special, quite a aways from State street.If you want your vietnamese/pho fix, it's decent. I recommend it over Siagon(west side) any day since Siagon has gone downhill greatly.
4	At long last, Madison has a place that serves up great dim sum.  I will agree that the service needs to improve, and rapidly, since I can imagine the learning curve to transition from a Vietnamese order at the table to a dim sum cart service restaurant is steep.
4	Going off past reviews, it's seems they've gotten their act together.  For a place the size of Madison, this was very decent Dim Sum with a good selection of stuff and a lot of promise. I consider myself a competent judge of dim sum having eaten all over this country and in other countries.  Wish this place had been around when I first came here.  I think I may become a regular!
1	It is confirmed that the restaurant is closed by the owner. However, joe the dim sum chef has been courted to viet hoa in Monona. He has great plans for his kitchen there. Can't wait to review the new location. Goodbye to this location, hello to something new.
