1	CVS on Russell- beware! After calling the corporate office - because I've: a)waited 10 min before being acknowledged at the counter b) been hung up on after waiting 9 minutes on hold c) been told I don't have current insurance, and then returned an hour later t only to be refunded the full price they charged me because their staff is incompetent... SO the corp office said "this location is understaffed and running with a intern, a floater and a pharmacist on her 1st assignment. There isn't a lead, a manager or anyone who is experienced working there! Thank DOG my insurance also is taken at Walmart... Never thought I'd be happy about making a trip there ;)
3	It's a place that if we see something in the paper w/ good sales, then we'll come in or if we need a card  for a last minute party that we're attending, then OK, it's convenient but other than that, I'd rather go to Walgreens. They have a much better cosmetic section and the employees are generally a lot nicer than here at CVS. "YAY!" for convenience, but I'd rather go some where else for EVERYTHING lol.
3	Being close to my office, and conveniently located on the corner, I often come here to grab things in a hurry.Sometimes I drop off and pick up prescriptions here, sometimes I grab a quick gift or drinks when on a way to a friends house.  Sometimes I just want a snack to eat without subjecting myself to the long lines at Walmart down the street!  In the past few years I've been coming here, sometimes the prescriptions seem to take a long time to fill or don't get filled in their promised times.  However, they do seem to be improving!My most memorable experience was coming in without an appointment to get a flu shot.  I came in the week before the January Flu shot craze and it was an efficient process.I walked up to the pharmacists and told them what I wanted.  Handed them my insurance card and waited 10 minutes while they approved it with insurance and pulled what was needed to administer the vaccination. The pharmacist that gave me the shot was fast, efficient, friendly and professional.  All that I expect from a health care provider.In 15 minutes, I was walking out of the door with a band-aid on my arm.
2	TERRIBLE customer service at the pharmacy. There was no line and instead of helping me, the pharmacy tech decided to talk to another person sitting in the waiting area about her personal issues. CVS is lucky I get my presciptions there. Their pharmacy customer service has been consistently bad. Aside from that, the customer service is average in the store and things are relatively easy to find.
1	Had to return a closed and unused item that I bought a couple of weeks ago, but then didn't need.  Unfortunately, I couldn't find the receipt.  This isn't my local CVS branch, but I had the item with me and had just come from the dentist next door.The clerk spent a long time trying to find the price on a handheld scanner.  I paid 14.99 plus tax (full price), but she said she could only give me 7.50 back.  Why?  "Because we always have sales or buy one, get one free, so I have no idea what you paid.  I was furious:  yes, they always have sales, but this was an OTC feminine medication product, and it is NEVER on sale, and NEVER BOGO.  I asked her if I'd have the same result if I went to another CVS, and she said it would happen at any branch.After fuming for a moment, I decided to take the 7.50 (plus tax), but then got my revenge.  I needed to buy three items.  The first was a small bottle of Betadine, and I was shocked to see their price was 19.99, and the CVS generic equivalent was a mere dollar less.  Since a Walmart was on my way home, I stopped there, and found the generic Walmart betadine in the same size for 6.99.  At checkout my total bill, which included the betadine, the other two items I would have gotten at CVS, plus a few other little things, totaled less than the 18.99 CVS would have ripped me off for that single bottle.  Take that, CVS, and find a better way of dealing with returns.
4	Clean and spacious. They have everything here. A great beer/wine selection (for a pharmacy), all the essentials and patio furniture. Seriously, everything.
4	Ok so I have another CVS review for a different location. When we moved I switched everything here and I am so glad I did. The pharmacy staff here is great. They always have my stuff ready as promised and when my doctor calls stuff in, it's ready promptly. The pharmacist is really nice and he always takes time for questions without an attitude. The techs are awesome too and everyone has always been so nice and understanding.The front staff and manager are also really nice at this one. Glad I decided to switch,
4	Located right next door to my work so I do stop in quite frequently. Used to be my main pharmacy but they no longer took my insurance so I had to switch over to Walgreens. Staff is pretty nice. Never had a problem. Pharmacist is pretty helpful. When I or my doctor have questions regarding medications we are always able to talk to the pharmacist with ease.
5	The pharmacy staff are the very best! Thank you Sara, Roger,  Tanya, and all the other staff for always being so helpful and going the extra mile when you can. I am moving next week and will miss this CVS pharmacy staff greatly.
5	This is a great pharmacy. Our prescriptions are always filled on time and correct. They accept a lot of insurances too.
