4	You'll will be mad at yourself if you don't try Papa Murphy's. It is a Take-N-Bake pizza VERY resaonably priced pizza.  Cooked at home so it is nice and fresh, both thin crust and regular crust are excellent. To me the pizza looks health but it was more fun for me putting my fresh toppings at home.
5	Super friendly staff, incredible prices and a great option every week for us!
5	Was skeptical about take-and-bake, but it was awesome. Didn't even need my own pan, it comes right on its own. Great. Will be back.
5	Papa Murphy's where have you been all my life. I never thought I would enjoy take and bake pizza. As silly as it sounds, I just thought it would be too much work. But Papa Murphy's has it made it so simple to get exactly what you want, when you want it, at a great price.Step 1 - Pick your pizzaStep 2 - Take it homeStep 3 - Heat the oven to 425 degreesStep 4 - Put pizza in for 14 minutesStep 5 - Eat like crazyStep 6 - RepeatThey have become a once a week stop, especially with prices like $6.00 for a large pizza.One recommendation though is get the D'Lite crust. You will be very happy with the choice and it will taste like the best pizza you've ever had.
2	Seem to never get a good pizza from here. I like the idea and their Custer service is good but never have had a good piZa from there.
5	We have been frequenting Papa Murphy's for about 6 months now. To me, this beats most of those "delivery joints" hands down. Think of it as a sandwich shop for Pizza: they have per-configured pies that are made fresh to order, or you can create your own with your favorite ingredients. Either way, it is put together right in front of you. Take it home, remove plastic wrap, pop it in the oven and enjoy! It even comes with its own tray so you don't have to bake directly on the oven rack. We always find the toppings to be fresh, and more than abundant. Our favorite is the Chicken Bacon Artichoke (we sub out olives for the bacon) , and a large feeds the 2 of us, plus yields leftovers. For 10 bucks, you can't beat this. Coupons are readily available in the weekly flyers, and are also on their website. They also have a rewards program. We find the management/employees at this location to be very polite and provide excellent service. You can do call ahead, but we have never found it busy at this location.
1	Does anyone know who the manager of this place is? My wife just was told by the manager that she had 1 min before they closed and then he had the nerve to say "don't make me say it again" needless to say she walked out. Nice customer service.
3	I have gone to Papa Murphy's faithfully since they opened and probably still will. But things have really changed over the last couple of months. I could be wrong but you have to be able to ever the red sauce with cheese to make a pizza . . . or at least come close. I like it to cover and if you want to charge me more that's fine with me. But when I ask for a little more mozzarella after you do your first pass, don't reach in and get a coupe of more strands and throw it on. Say "that will be $3.00 more and I'll happily pay it and take my pizza home.  That cheese scale is getting lighter and lighter and remember I will pay more . . . just let me know.
