5	Went for a Birthday party in a large group,  we had the private dining room booked.  Great quality food, a little expensive but i guess its true you get what you pay for.  Had Prawn Tempura starter and Chicken Pad Thai main course.  All very well done and presented.
4	Now I know what Edinburgh looks like to a seagull. From the Chaophraya 'glass box' on the roof above Castle Street you can see all the way to the ski slope to the south, over the Forth to Fife, to the north, and you have a gull's eye view over the street below. Food? Oh yes, I got distracted there. The starters for the Christmas set menu were stunning. A dramatic display of spring rolls, pork kebabs, prawns and -um, something else that I forget - it was amazing. A rich tamarind spicy sauce and a delicious sweet chilli one - it really was delicious. The mains in the lunch menu ... well, they were a wee big disappointing, just a fairly standard coconutty chicken curry and a prawn dish. Nothing wrong with them, but they didn't live up to the excitement of the starter. It's a gorgeous place though, even if you're inside and not on the rooftop. Reasonably priced, too. Get yourself up into the sky and see for yourself. I'm going back, that's for sure. *looks round with beady eye, takes off with a squawk*
5	Good patio (if weather allows it), and very neat/trendy decor.  The food is absolutely excellent and reasonably priced, with the exception of the set menus which seemed very expensive (we didn't try them).  The service was wonderful, and we had a very good time here.  It also has a small bar that seemed very lively.  I would absolutely return.
5	I booked a table for 4 people recently based on a recommendation from a friend - i seemed to be the last person in Edinburgh to find out Oloroso had closed down and was replaced with a Thai restaurant! (not that I frequented Oloroso often as it was pretty much out of my 'normal' dining budget). However, my friend promised me the prices were 'ok' so off I trotted....WOW.The food was exceptional and as beautifully presented as you would expect in a top quality Thai restaurant. The service was too good at times (can I say that?) - slightly too attentive. I mean, argh! leave my wine glass alone! However this is the Thai culture of providing the best service possible where 'the customer is king' so I can't really fault it.The prices were pretty reasonable as was the wine list, which was also quite extensive. The cocktail bar we were offered a seat in after our meal was a nice touch and very convenient whilst we debated where to go next. Ambiance and decor - lovely. It'll be lovely in the summer for some al fresco dining.A definite 5 star recommend from me and I'd go back in a heart beat.
3	The restaurant is on the top floor and after a swift elevator trip and a few stairs you are greeted into an opulent and grand dining & bar area. The fish tank is obviously the main focal point. We were seated next to the tank and it provided and calming effect I found. on seating we received a bowl with cassava crackers and sweet chili dip to nibble on when choosing or dishes. We have been advised by previous visitors to not go for any sharing starters, thus I opted for the King Prawn and Mango Salad and Anita A. took the Chicken Satay Skewers. The prawn salad was a let down. No real taste apart from the occasional punch of charcoal - the mango was a tad bland. The chicken satay was nice lightly flavoured and the peanut sauce was not carrying any heat, but was flavoursome if a little sweet. For main I choose the pork belly with green beans, peppers, basil and chili. And a side dish of sticky rice. Anita had a beef curry dish with white rice. Missing the flavours on my dish I asked for additional chili flakes and soya sauce. The pork belly was cooked very well - with crispy bits! I used the sauce from Anita's curry dish to flavour my rice, which was very nice and well cookedWe finished with espresso and a brandy. The Service was efficient, friendly and in all very good. Napkin placement, crumbing and genuinely interested how we liked our meals. I was hoping for a little more in regards to the food, it wasn't dressed nor very tasty. Adequate which is in stark contrast to the location and the service.
3	Well, after previously giving this place 5 stars I have to say i was really disappointed with this visit. The service was still great and decor lovely however the food was disappointing. Standards have slipped! After a mixup with one of the starter options, which they rectified by bringing the correct dish as well as leaving the old, we found the pork satay quite tough and the sauce on the ribs a bit too citrusy for my liking. I love barbecue ribs normally but these weren't brilliant at all, smothered in this gloopy sauce. My chicken spring rolls were just ok, a bit too greasy perhaps. My lamb curry dish was probably the best dish but that's not saying much. It had potatoes in it with an aromatic green sweet curry. Quite tasty but I could see no trace of the chickpeas which was one of the main selling points of the dish for me. The described "slow cooked" lamb didn't live up to reality as the lamb was a bit dry. No way were the chunks slow cooked in that curry for hours as described by the waiter. My dad's duck dish was terrible. Really overlooked and fatty. The only consolation was that they knew we didn't enjoy the food and took a couple of the dishes off the bill. Wouldn't rush back. The kitchen has really let this place down. Never thought I'd see me dropping a 5 star to a 3. And the only reason they're getting 3 and not 2 was the attentive service and really nice waiters that tried to solve our problems. :(
4	An amazing restaurant that you may not find unless you know it is there. We went for a cheeky lunch date to enjoy the sunshine on the terrace and the amazing views of the Castle and George Street.They have built a glass room on the top of the building for if the weather is bad, this and the terrace overlooks the castle. It is a lovely location day and night, or for a romantic destination. They also have a private room for dining with castle view.The food is amazing and the staff are absolutely fantastic. The waitress did mix up our order though but what we got while a surprise was still really good! Great for a cocktail too with some interesting new ones on the menu and a good wine list too.
5	I found myself in Edinburgh at lunch time, hungry, and slightly at a loss where to go. Edinburgh has literally hundreds of options, and my current 'Edinburgh hit list' is aimed at evening meals. My friend happened to mention my review of Chaophraya and how she wished we could try that. I suddenly realised that I'd read on their Twitter that they'd recently opened their newest addition to the chain in the 'Burgh. Lo and behold, it was literally round the corner from where we were!Maybe we are just a bit dim-witted (this is pretty likely...) but we had an adventure getting there. The first issue was totally our fault: we walked right past it. We saw the sign in the foyer and decided to take the stairs instead of the lift. So we headed up the stairs...and found ourselves lost in an upper floor full of locked doors and fire escapes. The key to success: be lazy and use the lift. The stairs are not for Chaophraya!After the ridiculous journey, we decided a wee cocktail was ideal. The cocktail menu seemed similar to the Glasgow branch but the Siam Smile cocktail wasn't described properly.We opted for the lunch menu and had a single course each - we were dipping in and out of Edinburgh's finest cocktail bars and patisseries all day so we didn't want to overfill ourselves! Splendid.My main dish consisted of gorgeous, fat udon noodles stir fried with fresh seafood (scallops, mussels, calamari, tiger prawns), and flavoured with garlic, chunky chillies, mushrooms, bamboo shoots, fine beans, onion & sweet basil. It's pretty spicy, but not a patch on the spicy beast I devoured last time I was in Chaophraya! It was delicious. Everything Thai noodles should be!My friend had a really nice creamy and nutty lamb curry. The strips of lamb had been slowly cooked in coconut milk with cashew nuts, potato & Spanish onion so everything was soft and moist, but also absolutely saturated with gorgeous flavours. It was served with sticky jasmine rice - every bite was a pleasure. It was just a lovely, warming, comforting (and filling) Thai curry.My other friend had the Thai green curry. At first it tastes very mild and sweet, then the fiery chillies kick in. It was fantastic. The chicken is marinated with lemon grass, coriander & garlic and then grill cooked. The chicken is added to the green curry sauce, avocado, fine beans, sweet basil, red chilli & sticky jasmine rice. It was really tasty and not too heavy to eat. Just beautiful.The staff were friendly, the restaurant is absolutely gorgeous - the same Chaophraya style but with this beautiful rooftop edge - and I had a lovely dining experience here. My friends were delighted that it lived up to their expectations. I'd absolutely recommend it. See my full review with photos at: http://houseofherby.com/2013/04/04/chaophraya-thai-edinburgh/ But  before you go, remember: TAKE THE LIFT.
5	Had a lovely dinner here a few weeks back, followed by drinks on the balcony. I didn't know what to expect as I'm usually not found of chain ethnic restaurants. I was however pleasantly surprised, the service was authentic and the food was good. It didn't have some of the pre cooked or packaged meal feel that you get with chains trying to save on food cost.We moved on to the balcony which was amazing thanks to the great summer we've had. Service was fast and attentive.All round an excellent evening and looking forward to visiting again!
5	Wow, this place blew my mind! We were here for my sisters 30th, food, ambience and service were all spectacular! Thoroughly enjoyed!! Best Thai food in town, don't miss out...
5	I have eaten here 3 times & loved the experience each time. The waiters are friendly & attentive & the food delicious. I started off with a frozen strawberry Daquiri which was quite large & very delicious. We then moved onto the Asian platter as a starter & loved everything on the plate especially the tempura prawns & the pork. My husband had the teriyaki lamb & would definitely have it again he enjoyed it that much. For dessert I had the deep fried ice cream which was scrumptious & my husband had the bananas in coconut milk (warm) which he could have had 2 servings of. We ended the meal with some fragrant flowering teas - love watching them bloom before my eyes. Would definitely recommend this restaurant if you enjoy Thai cuisine. Lovely views of Edinburgh & a very relaxed atmosphere.
4	Took the missus here for birthday diner and had very pleasant evening. Even if I hadn't known the waiter and he hadn't been a gem and brought the staff out for a round of 'Happy Birthday', complete with birthday cheesecake, I'd still rate the place.Decor and layout are fantastic. Equally private as it is ambient, gives you enough to look at when conversation lulls. Also recommended around the festive season given the tendency for fireworks along Princes St. and St. Andrew's Square (we were lucky to catch some of the latter from our vantage point, which added to the evening nicely).On to the food. It surprises me that Chaopraya is part of a chain (not sure if Glasgow is the only other iteration?) given that the depth and authenticity of flavour is the best I've experienced outside of Thailand. We shared a Thai fondue to start, gifting us calamari, prawn, chicken, pork and fish cake skewers to dip into our deeper-than-you-think satay sauce. Loverly.I followed up with a Four Seasons Duck Curry, complimented with grapes, pineapple and strawberries, which was fantastic. The missus' experience was a little lacking compared to mine, owing to overcooked prawns in her main, however her chili and lime dipping sauce was unreal. In a good way! Unreal.Definitely a pricey night out but there really isn't much to complain about. The staff were gracious and attentive, the atmosphere and decor was warm and comfortable, the food was stunning, and the company was unbeatable. Happy Birthday, Jen.
