3	Came here with a friend to grab a couple of items. Neat, clean, and friendly. We were in and out within about 15 minutes. Had no problem finding things here, as everything is what Harris Teeter organized. I'm not really a shopper here, but from the amount of people that were here, this is the neighborhood grocery.
3	Clean grocery, but it was hard to find certain items- the aisles need to be organized better.  For instance, the peanut butter jars (org and regular) were located near the bread section (weird), which was in the vicinity of the deli section (makes sense).  Most groceries I've shopped at (local or in other states), the nut butters were grouped with other breakfast items, such as jellies, jams, coffee, and cereals.  I think it's actually cool to have a few jars of nut butters in the bread aisle (for impulse buys or for those who may have forgotten to grab one while at the breakfast section), but to not have any next to the jellies and jams was just strange.The organic produce selection is slightly larger than that of Bi-Lo, but the prices are a little steep.  Kudos for having almond butter, even though it's only "all-natural."
3	Pretty much your standard HT here.  This location is convenient to my place of work so I stop in every once in a while to get provisions.  It is very easy to get in, but the way the shopping center is located, you either have to weave your way through the business parking lots next door to safely make a left back onto the road, or take your chances at an intersection (with the usual crazy drivers).  So the ease of in-and-out makes me rate this HT as a three star.The store is well kept and the employees are pleasant enough.  I have not really experienced it, but I hear their lunch subs are decent (for the right $$ too).  They've been renovating the store, so every blue moon an aisle would be located, but there is good signage.  The last time I was where they were redoing the slate floor in the entrances, but I think that has been completed.
5	This is always my go-to store for groceries. Customer service is always up to par. All cashiers are friendly and efficient. What I really like is that the sled checkout is always open. You don't have to wait, if you don't want to. Also, all HT's have fresh produce samples for most items. Plus, the managers there have been helpful and giving towards community service projects I have participated in.
4	Clean and organized as all Teeters are. Great produce and meat section. All the shelves were stocked, the cashier was friendly and my shopping car worked great.
4	It's Harris Teeter! It's an expensive grocery store, but at least you don't feel slight after shopping there for produce, meats and ready to eat food items. I like the new bread they are using for the subs. Sushi can be made per your order and the bakery doesn't have the fruit flies in the baked goods...nice job!
