5	The Optima gods have graced Optima residents with exactly what this little organic oasis needed: a one-stop shop cafe and market! Yes, I am happy to report that as of five days ago, The Divine Cafe & Market opened its door on the bottom level of Optima. The verdict? So far, so very good my yelp friends! Now Optima is a unique little haven. It's organic inspired so the retail surrounding the residents are also organic inspired (Nourish, Posh, the organic dry cleaners). But this is a little mix of organic meets Europe I'd say and I think it's exactly what the residence needed! Let me start with the concept. The man who runs the store also lives in Optima so he knew exactly what was lacking. Divine has it all. It has a coffee shop with freshly brewed coffee. It has a bar with three beers on tap as well as well liquors and wine. It has indoor cafe seating and it has outdoor seating right by the refreshing water fountains. They also serve breakfast, lunch and dinner and gelato for the sweet tooth addicts. They open at 6:30 AM and they close around 10 or 11 PM ... or however long the last guests wants to stay. Now in the back, they are working on a marketplace and so far, I saw wine, sodas, juices, condiments, basic essentials, gum, candy, dog treats...pretty much anything you need without wanting to make a trip to the grocery store. It is adorable inside and reminds me of a European cafe on the streets of Rome or Paris. Moving on to the food. As I mentioned, they open at 6:30 AM for breakfast and as of now (remember they just opened), they have five items on the menu including yogurt parfait, Belgium waffles, a baked omelet with fresh veggies, oatmeal brulee and fruit. I had the baked omelet and tried a bite of the waffles. Both were delicious! The omelet tasted like a garden in my mouth and I've decided that's a good thing. It had an adorable presentation and was a tidy little omelet. Inside the omelet were veggies and goat cheese. I asked if they could do egg whites and they said yes! Plus for Divine. The Belgium waffle came with candy coated cinnamon sugar pecans. Delicious. The chef is from the Cordon Bleu school down the road so I see good things for the cuisine at this cafe. The staff is so friendly and welcoming! I haven't eaten dinner there yet, but I hear they are still working out their menu. I will report on the dinner as soon as I try it. So in summary, if you live in or are near the Optima and are looking for a dainty cafe to relax and have a coffee, cocktail or meal, Divine is your spot. The food is decently prices at about $6 - $8 for a meal item. I will leave with a couple items to note: It's hard to find because the windows are tinted and there isn't a lot of signage so be sure to look closely. It's right across from the organic cleaners and look for the tables out front. I think it would be cool if they offered evening activities such as s'mores roasting or live music, or even have games out. It's the perfect spot if you live in that area and want to do something chill but still do something that night.
2	I really hope that this restaurant pulls it together. There website says they open next week and there is no menu. I work across the street and walked over to scope out the menu , because we are always looking for new places for lunch.  The location is the perfect opporunity for a cafe to grab a meal and relax. The menu is small, which is a good start for a new restaurant.  They had two salad's that the mistily didn't put prices on the menu. I showed up this morning around 8:30 AM to try a latte and grab a muffin. The pastry "chef" hasn't come in and all they had was old muffins from three days ago.  I decided to give it a go anyway and hoped for something to bring me back. The latte was yummy and the muffin wasn't too bad for being wrapped in plastic for three days.  I typicllay give starting restaurants a third chance, hopefully my next experience is better. Anyone can own a restaurant , the challenge is keeping it open.
2	I want to love this place, I reeeeeally really do. My boyfriend lives in the Optima so when I saw this little cafe open up, with its little patio by the fountains, I had visions of warm evenings with a glass of wine & appetizers or grabbing a late night latte or cup of gelato. They even have a small market with a little produce, some personal products...even pet supplies! On paper, this place sounds awesome.However, Divine continues to disappoint me, my boyfriend & our friends...even though we all CONTINUE to give them chance after chance after chance. Sad face.I have worked in different restaurants for over five years. I understand a little of what it takes to make an establishment work. Customer service is HUGE. It is obvious to me that this place has no real management & barely any training for any of their staff. The service is so terrible. No one seems to know what they are doing. The employees are usually friendly, but totally, utterly clueless. Actually had to grab a bag of cat food this morning...apparently $18 for a small bag of food, according to the cashier. When we reconsidered (obviously), she said, "Ohhhh wait, well...how 'bout $6.50?"  WHAT? This is not the first time prices have been negotiated for something from their market.I have waited for a turkey sandwich for over half an hour. We waited for a pizza for an hour+...& while a man who I assume maybe was the owner? came out to apologize a few times, that was all he did. He seemed totally frazzled & out of it. They had three other tables in the restaurant at that time - COME ON. Most of the time they seem to be out of at least half of what is on their menu. I'm 99% sure their "soup" is canned Campbell's. Their hours vary...I think depending on when (or maybe if) someone decides to show up. We went by & thought they had finally closed up for good...but the next night it was open with someone playing live music? So confusing.I keep going back because their food isn't bad, once you get it. & they have an awesome selection of teas & a pretty nice wine list. & it is just so gosh darn convenient!I hate to be so negative about a place that has sooo much potential, but seriously. They need to get their shit together. I think their concept is a great idea, but Divine is just falling SO far short.
4	Any time of day (as long as they're open) this is a great choice. Coffees to sandwiches/salads to wine & pizzas... Simple and convenient menu. Watch out for their summer hours. If they were open before 8 AM I'd give 5-stars.
4	The food is delish!! Great menu and wine list :)
5	Just moved into Optima.  Love the convenience of Divine, the food that I have had is really, really good. The coffee is good & strong and they always offer free refills.  The wine is excellent (especially when it's happy hour and it's $5-7/glass).  The service if fun, quirky, charming, a little haphazard, but always with good intention and it's really just a great little place where eventually everyone really will know your name... Cheers!Thanks, Divine!
4	The outdoor patio is a slice of Heaven! Live Music on Friday nights. Complimentary Valet. The Menu is a bit of Healthy and Sinful which is perfect prices are great staff is friendly complimentary WIFI for people like me who work from a different coffee shop almost every day to keep it FUN.Simply Divine!!!!
4	Hurray!! Divine is now a Starbucks!! Always had good coffee but now it's even better. Market is well-stocked. We love the friendly owner, Candi and the patio is heaven.
1	Worst customer service ever. I live in Optima, and want to love this place, but it is truly dreadful. Don't set yourself up for failure, go somewhere else.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE! CREDIT CARD FRAUD.I have been twice and both times by credit card number has been stolen along with everyone I ate with.  I have had to report the fraud to my bank on two separate occasions with 2 different accounts.  3 of my girlfriends have reported fradulent activities on their account as well.  I will be submitting a report to the Federal Trade Commision as well.  The waiter that works there must be stopped - and he is the only one ever working so I know it's him.If I could leave 0 stars I would.
