4	I recently discovered this Water and Ice, mainly because it stays open until 10 pm. For the past year I had been getting water for my dispenser from the Water n Ice at Scottsdale Road and Thomas. The owner there creeps me out, especially after asking me if he could please touch my "beautiful" breasts. WTH? Plus he charges .45 per gallon and closes at 6 pm.The owner at this Water and Ice has always been kind and respectful. He only charges .25/gallon; a much more reasonable price for water. He offers a punch card, but you have to put a minimum of $25 on it. At .25/gallon, that card would last me a year so I haven't purchased the card. I pay cash per gallon each trip.I haven't tried the ice cream here, but will soon. I'm going to have to remember to check in when I go next because I have been here at least 10 times in the last year.
4	In the chaos of the Walmart/Home Depot power strip, there is a source of peace, a source of balance, a source of Thrifty ice cream.At $1.85 for a generous single scoop on a plain cone, the ice cream is thrifty. It is also Thrifty, in the sense of being the last lingering reminder of the award-winning drug-store ice-cream brand.Thrifty ice cream is a straightforward ice cream, from the days before add-ins and ripples and limited editions. If you are looking for a mid-century modern ice cream to soothe your hipster sensibilities, Thrifty is that ice cream. It does not come in flavors like lobster or "moose tracks" or anything involving puns. The most exotic flavor is strawberry cheesecake. But it is truly fine ice cream. The butter pecan -- a fine MCM flavor that I ordinarily find insipid -- is deliciously buttery and convincingly pecan.I strongly recommend arming oneself with a cone before braving the screaming chaos of any of the stores in that strip. The clerk when I visited was very nice and possibly the only ice-cream scooper who has ever grasped how to exchange cone for money without making the cone-buyer feel klutzy and awkward.
5	This place is great.  Try the escamocha.  Fresh fruits with great toppings.  The family that runs the store are incredibly friendly too!
5	After repeatedly purchasing bottled water from the grocery stores and then running low a week later, I decide to purchase a water dispenser. I'm lucky to have this particular location nearby. Every single employee I've encountered here is super helpful and friendly. I come in every 3 weeks to fill up three 5 gallon jugs and the employees never fail to assist me to the car. It doesn't matter if they're slow or busy at the time. These guys take care of their customers! I rarely pass on the chance to take a fruit parfait with me as well. I like the convenience and they dress up that fruit just right! Yum!
4	Reverse osmosis water center. I buy their water jugs because the cheap ones from Walmart smell like poop.This place has yummy THRIFTY ice cream. And if I can say they have delicious water, well, they have delicious water. It's miraculous how they can make Phoenix water palatable.
5	Been thinking about saving some money and filling up your own water tanks? This is the place for you.The skinny Been coming here for about a year now looks to be family owned which always makes me feel better. I usually come in afternoon time and on weekends I have never had to wait to fill up my tanks as they have plenty of space and or will try to work it out that everyone has a short wait. The gentleman in the front is always nice and has helped me with my water outside or comes to hold door which he doesn't have to (thanks my friend) he always lets me know what to try as far as ice cream or traditional Mexican snacks (tostilokos, escamochas etc) I finally gave in an tried the Sonoran dog which was excellent all fresh toppings as I saw him cut most of it in front of me as I was filling up water. The bad While this place deserves 5 stars I do find the music playing to be of a certain taste now I like hoe slapping drug dealing rap just as much as the next guy but I'm sure not everyone was amused by lil Wayne and his rapping about bitches loving him. I don't mind that music but I'm sure the older lady with her kid did, lol. Even with that little hiccup this place rocks staff is always friendly an helpful and it saves you sweet mula on water.
3	3 stars for the quality of the ice cream... No star for the actual place, ambiance, or service. They had all 8 different Flavors of ice creams. I must give them some credit as their Flavors are not boring vanilla, plain chocolate, etc.  they're all mixed like crunchy chocolate, chocolate brownie, coconut something something.... This place is a bit of everything with ice cream so if you're looking to fill your water tank & eat ice cones and lick at ice cream, this is the place for you.  Not a very friendly service either. The guys seems old school and doesn't want to be there. I honestly didn't want to be there either.  I won't be back. I hope Scottsdale has a better ice cream place than this.
