5	We unfortunately had to move out beacuse it is on the pricier side. But after seeing what we could afford compared to this place, Armour self storage is top notch. It's clean, it's very well cooled and well lit, I felt safe inside, they have plenty of carts to move your stuff around, an elevator, bathrooms are spotless, great location. I am really going to miss this place. The employees are friendly and stay out of your business. I highly recommend this for people who live downtown or otherwise.
5	This is a great storage facility. I have moved out of here now , but I used them for almost 1 year.It is a great location right on Indian School road near Central. You can drive your car right in and park inside. Which is so nice when it is 110 outside.All the building is Air Conditioned. Which means all the units are nice and cold. This is great because, your items don't melt. It is not good for anything to be stored in the heat. At least extreme heat like we experience here in the Valley.You get nice carts to move your things in and out. If you are on the 2nd floor they have an elevator that holds any of the carts, so you are all set.The staff is so great here, very friendly. There is a code to get in and it is all video recorded. So it helps not to get robbed you know. They have really good hours to get in and out. It is not 24 hours,it is safer that way.The managers live on premise so that always helps. No one coming in that should not be. If I ever had to store anything again,this is the place I would use. I recommend it to you as well.
5	I love this place! The location is great and easy to access. The units are AC'd which is the main reason I picked this location. The place is very secure! I never worry about my items being tampered with. The staff is wonderful, professional, and informative. I highly recommend this place!
5	I have to say this is a really grat place. The absolute best place that I have found for Storage. First off,it is a great location, right on Indian School Road near Central Ave.It is air conditioned. If you think that does not make a difference then use an open un air conditioned place. Your things will be ruined in no time.If you leave your items to the elements 120degrees plus in the summer they will be ruined in one year. You might as well just throw them away.This place is very secure. You have to use a code to get in. Someone is always there.They know who is going in and out. It is all on Video.It is well lit, and very clean.The staff is so great. Annie always knows the answers to your questions and is very helpful. I had a storage unit, for quite awhile now and I moved up to a bigger one.I could not be happier here. The price is great. less than building a room on to your house.You can drive your car right in to load or unload. There are even nice clean restrooms to use if you need to.There are no shady folks hanging around trying to ask you for $$ or Rob your stuff either. It is really safe and secure.Another great thing. You can have packages delivered here from UPS or Fed EX. You cannot get that with the Post Office Box if you have one.I really like everything about Armour Self Storage. I really think it is the only one of its kind.
5	I have used several different storage facilities before and I have to say this was my best experience. All of the employees are very friendly and helpful. Any time I have ever called with a question I have gotten the best customer service! Whoever is in charge of hiring employees for this business is doing a great job. I recommend this facility as the best one out there!!! Annie and the rest of gang there will take great care of you!
5	Annie was terrific and saw to it that we got our unit very quickly and made sure we received our military discount. The security, service, and overall professionalism are a few reasons I loved this place.
