4	Great pub food, and a dark yet homey atmosphere. Very British feeling! Live music on Friday and Saturday night make for fun times.
4	Don't tell too many people about this place - I want there to be room for me at the bar when I drop in for a pint. The Willi's not old and creaky enough to be an authentic english pub - but it's one of the few places in K-dub to carry a decent selection of drafts and it's quickly becoming our favourite local. We aren't too upset about the apparently biased hiring policy - almost exclusively female, but every server I've met is friendly, efficient, and professional. The GM is watchful, but sets the friendly atmoshphere, and will remember your "usual" after just a few visits. Try the curry - it comes from Vijays, one of the best Indian restaurants in town! Just save me a space at the bar...
4	I quite like this pub! One of the only places with Mill Street Organic beer on tap! Though it's around $21 for a pitcher (compared to $11 in Toronto) it's still a great beer. They have a great beer selection on tap. They have live music on the weekends and events, and deals all through out the week. I enjoy the battered mushrooms, they're my favourite menu item, here. They have your normal pub fare but also a nice dinner selection too. They have vegetarian options, they were also able to replace the chicken in the quisadilla with a good amount of veggies. Always fast service. I enjoy sitting at a bar, alone and having a nice read. I felt the bartender catered more to the men at the bar, and I got some looks from the waitress' and bartenders. Alas, that won't stop me from coming here. By far the best pub, and possibly only in the area!
4	I am a fan of the food but not the service.  It is very slow even for a bowl of soup.  There was only 3 couples in the restaurant and it took 35 minutes to get our food.  It appeared that our waitress had her children there with her who were running around.  She even ventured outside of the restaurant while we were waiting to order.Put all that waiting to aside, the food is a very flavorful.
3	I have now been here twice and had 2 very different experiences. The first was amazing, all the food on the table was great, service was great, everyone left happy. Last time however it felt as though the deep fryer oil had not been changed since this location opened. Everything we had that came from the deep fryer tasted terrible and it was very disappointing. The Service was still great though I have to say. I do like the atmosphere so I will definitely be coming back to give it one more try and I will update my review then.
1	I went here once and I don't think I would ever be back they sat us in the back and forgot about us we sat there for 35 minutes and never even got asked would we like a drink( They were not even busy) dont think i will be back
4	A description of a dish the Tower of London:It begins with a battered and deep fried bun, then a battered and deep fried pickle, followed by a spicy battered and deep fried cheese stick. It then kicks into overdrive with two pieces of battered and deep fried bacon, which I believe there were two pieces inside each battered bacon delight. Finally you hit the battered and deep fried all beef patty, by this point you're ready to keel over. Of course there's another battered and deep fried bun on the bottom, but by the time you reach that you will have collapsed on the floor. And don't forget you still have your side of fries or sweet potato fries. Coupled with beer this dish is a masterpiece. Once you get the t-shirt you can use it to roll up into a pillow and take a short nap.
1	I thought I would go back to see if anything had changed. It was far worse.   Service was atrocious  A couple came in after us and the server went to them first and quickly brought their meal out.  Then she came back to us and said "You already ordered, right?"  They were not busy at all.  The food was very bland.  Roast beef didn't taste fresh.  My son got Curry Chicken.  We had bruschetta which was likely the worst I have ever had.    Very disappointing, we will not be going back there.
2	I have been here several times because the location is close to home. The food is usually hit and miss. Service is NEVER good. Also...how can you have an English pub and not have English beer.
4	I like this place.  It's not trying to be anything it's not.The food is pretty good in my experience.  The beef dip is served warm, on a soft bun with thinly shaved, house made roast beef.  The jus needed salt, but overall, very tasty.Wing nights are Wednesdays, and they have a variety of the usual flavours, and some which are a little different (Sriracha hot anyone?).  Wings are large, lightly breaded, and crisp.The burger is made in house, and cooked well.  No option to have it cooked to pink here, but even so, it remains juicy and flavorful.  The variety of toppings are good, and when paired with Duke chips and a cold beer, it's totally satisfying.Have the Duke chips!  Totally addictive.  The selection of beer is excellent. I think the service is what keeps me coming back.  I sit at the bar just about anywhere I have the option.  I'm often dining alone, and it's a good measure of an establishment... you get to see some goings on.My first visit, as I pulled up a stool, the bartender introduced herself, asked for my name, and added it to their POS system immediately.  Well done.The owner is often seen wandering around, chatting with regulars and newbies alike.The atmosphere is what you would expect from a pub.  There's a large room for bigger parties towards the back, televisions showing whatever sport happens to be big at the moment (often soccer).
