1	We fixed our Camry here last year. Take my advice. Don't come here. I don't even want to waste my time to talk about this place. It will take too long.Just don't go here. It is a terrible body shop.
5	I used the Collision center to repair a windshield that was long overdue for repair.  Scheduling was very easy, price was less than I expected and they were prompt in the turnaround.  Their courtesy service took me to a local casino (my choice) to kill the time while the repair was being done.  Didn't take more than a couple hours. They cleaned my car and the windshield repair was perfect.  I'm just sorry I waited so long to get it done.
1	Don't go over this shop. I took my car over there to repair for my accident damage on the right side, but turn out they damage my left side and try to blame it on the accident and get my insurance to pay them more. Appraiser said it will take 10 business day to repair, My car was in their shop on August 16th, and I MAYBE able to get back the car this weekend on 09/24/2011. I used up all 30 days rental policy and pay for my own now. On top of that, i get a subwoofer and amplifier in the back of my trunk, now they told me it is missing on 09/19/2011 afternoon after they told me i can finally pick up my car on 09/24/2011. Regardless if they do a good job or not (I don't think they will do a good job) DON"T EVER GO THERE. THEY CHARGE HIGH PRICE AND WASTE YOU A LOT OF TIME. I have to call their rep and manager 3-4 times to get a hold on them, they never return call or call you unless they made a mistake. Spend countless time to deal with their problem and mistake while I am a paying customer.
1	I am still unable to get my car after over a months of repairing it from 08/15/2011. Told them countless time my suspension is TRD replacement of the OEM one. They still missing it. They also try to call me to cancel my flight and hotel the day before I leave to Vegas.... Worst place to get your car to repair.
1	I am still unable to get back my car after my car being at their shop since 08/15/2011. They promise me there will be no later than 10/08/2011. I am trying to get in touch with their manager but he never response E-mail and Voice mail. This shop is the worst place to bring your car to repair, it will only bring you stress. This is ridiculous to hope for someone you pay to do a good job and delivery your car after several weeks delay and mistake
5	on 2/28/12, i paid a visit to fletcher jones toyota collision center, and the desk referred me to mr. mel beatty (estimator)i had a minor issue with my vehicle and needed professional courtesy, vehicle information and equipment assistance.i got all of this with the assistance of mr. mel beatty.  this guy is a dynamo in his own right. he is very very experienced, very intuitive and intelligent person/technician.this individual is a major asset to the fletcher jones collision support family/team of professionals.promote him now!!
5	Just had rear end collision on my toyota Camry 2007 Hybrid fixed from Fletcher Jones Collission center so far the service i have had there was pretty Good worked with Aracelli and gave me updates on the condition up until i received the finalized fix on the car and it looked brand new. The back window was replaced at my work place without me driving to the shop. The fix  took time which is fine by me since the quality of the fix was really good.
5	My name is Jeffery Mayse, and I wanted to share my recent experience with Fletcher Jones Collision Center, in Las Vegas, NV.On November 20th 2012, I was involved in a major accident that I was sure totaled my brand new truck. My insurance company had recommended Fletcher Jones Collision Center for the repairs and at that time I was skeptical because I had had several bad experiences in the past with body shops that the insurance companies recommended. I agreed to Fletcher Jones preforming the estimate and repairs because I was sure the truck was toast and they would total it due to the extent of the damage. Well, to my surprise the truck was not totaled and they started the repairs. I was concerned with this because I just knew the color wouldn't be right, the lines would be off, it would drive different, and my brand new truck wouldn't be brand new to me anymore. The repairs took 4 months due to parts availability issues, but I have to say that it was well worth the wait!!!  When I picked up my truck from Fletcher Jones Collision it looked like it did when I first laid eyes on it on that showroom floor. It was as good as brand new again!!   I have had the truck back for a couple weeks now and it drives and looks as it did the day that I bought it. I want you to know that I am VERY impressed with Fletcher Jones Collision Center, and Wesley Hatch. Wes kept me up to date on everything that was going on and calmed me down when I would get worked up over how long it was taking and when I would express my concerns on how it would look and drive after the repairs.  "Which I know was all the time, so he should get a gold star for putting up with me"Your company and Wesley Hatch have earned a customer for life!!!   If I am ever involved in a collision again or anyone that I know is involved in one just know that I will be giving you my business. Thank you, Jeffery Mayse
1	They finally fixed my car after three separate visits over the course of a month. I dealt with the Bernard, the estimator, Jeff who oversaw the service technicians and John, the general manager.  I will NEVER use this company again.  Bernard and Jeff failed to properly identify the damage to my vehicle the first time!  Even worse, Bernard failed to return my phone calls and was abrasive and rude.  John, the general manager didn't recognize that their company or staff had any wrongdoing.  I was rear ended in January.  I have a super hectic schedule and finally took my van in for repair in May.  Prior to leaving my van with Fletcher Jones I told Bernard and Jeff that my back doors did not hinge properly.  They tried to discredit me by telling me it was an assembly issue......  and I didn't know what I was talking about. When my van was returned to me the first time the bumper was replaced but there was damage to my hitch and left door.  This was damage from a razor blade and not from being rear ended.  Bernard  was unprofessional and acted insulted when I told them Fletcher Jones was responsible for the damage.  Somehow, they got authorization from the insurance company and repaired this issue, meaning they wrongfully billed the insurance company for damaged that THEY DID!!!!!Only on the second visit did they realize that there was a true problem with one of my doors - it was completely caved in and only noticeable when the spare tire was removed.   Of course they had to wait for authorization to repair this so my car was again returned to me and then returned to them a third time once the proper authorization was obtained from the insurance company.How is it that I knew better than the alleged professionals?  I have no training in collision work!  All I knew was that my doors did not look right!!!These guys showed little care or concern for delivering good service.  They demonstrated poor workmanship, awful customer service, a lack of accountability.  They also unethically billed the insurance company for damage that they did to my vehicle. John, the general manager was a real jerk and the worst of all!!!!!
1	It has been literally a month and I still haven't gotten my vehicle fixed.  Why? Because of the ignorant Receptionist, Lorraine.  This girl does not know anything about her job!  Every time I see her, all she is doing is gossiping on the phone and laughing.  I would go somewhere else but I do not have time to go get an estimate somewhere else.  If I had time to go somewhere else, best damn be right I would! These people are ridiculous.  I still haven't gotten my car in there, but I keep trying to work with them.  I mean, I have free time Friday. I just might as well go somewhere else to get my car fixed.  Lorraine is making it way too difficult to get a car fixed there.  She knows NOTHING about ANYTHING!  Every time someone calls her, she gives answers that are totally different than what an actual estimator tells me.  And because of that, my insurance company is delaying it because this dumb ass, Lorraine has no idea what her job is.
