5	Tom will take care of my family's real estate needs for as long as he is in the business, and I hope that's a long time! This guy takes the time and commits the energy to go the extra mile for his clients. I find it hard to trust realtors but Tom is one I can trust with quite possibly the largest investment I have.Thanks Tom!
5	I have referred Tom to a family member and I'm currently working with Tom.  If you want an agent that has your best interest in mind Tom is that agent.
5	Buying a house can be a very scary experience if you do not know the ins and outs. Tom makes the process easy to understand and during stressful times he makes the task of buying a home fun. Yes FUN!!!! Tom knows how to bring clarity and understanding to even the most confusing portions of the buying a home. He is a genuine and trustworthy guy. I will continue to refer him to anyone I know that needs his service with the trust that he will make their buying or selling of a home just as enjoyable! Thanks Tom!!
5	I have known Tom for almost a year and he has always provided great real estate advice to me and those I refer to him. When I buy a home I would use him. He is easy going and won't push you to make a decision. He has a great sense of humor and is a great person as well. I would highly recommend you seek his advise for any real estate needs.
5	My husband and I just purchased our first house, and Tom was our Real Estate Agent. He was absolutely wonderful.  He met with us before hand to educate us on the home buying experience so we knew exactly what to expect. In addition, he also personalized an online home portal with our specific wants and needs. He was incredibly knowledgeable, professional, and helped us through the entire process. Tom made our first home buying experience very easy. We would recommend Tom to anyone looking to buy or sell a house!
5	Super agent here he is always providing great real estate tips. He works extremely hard for his clients and is always available when you need him. Thanks Tom for the great real estate advice.
5	Tom Speaks is a great person and an individual who takes what he does seriously!  If you want a professional that you can count on to get you a great negotiated price and someone that is on your side, than Tom is the one!!  If you need a real estate agent or know someone who does, make sure that you send them to Tom so that they get what they ask for and a whole lot more!!  Thanks Tom!!
5	Tom Speaks is an awesome real estate agent.  He truly cares about his clients and makes sure they get the house of their dreams.  If you need an honest real estate agent that will take the time to find that perfect home for you, I highly recommend Tom!
5	Tom is knowledgeable and trustworthy.  I know that he will do whatever it takes to make sure everything is done correctly, efficiently, and on time.  He is a true real estate professional.
5	What a great real estate agent. Tom is part of team of realtors with a great support staff.  As an insurance agent I am always looking for good people to refer my clients to and we have referred several to him with outstanding results. Tom is very knowledgeable about the overall housing market here in Phoenix and makes sure his clients get a good deal on their purchase as well as top dollar for their home.  Thanks Tom!
5	Tom is a very knowledgeble and experienced real estate professional. I highly recommend him to you!
5	It such a pleasure to be able to work with Tom Speaks.  I agree with everyone else who has given Tom five stars. Tom goes beyond the call for his customers.  He is all about integrity and excellence.
5	Tom is extremely knowledgeable, regarding the current market, and worked extremely hard to answer my questions  He made me feel confident and comfortable throughout the process.  I have met so many realtors who try and rush to get to the end, but Tom has never made me feel this way.  I appreciate his honestly and dedication!!!
5	Tom is one of the most competent real estate professionals I know, going above and beyond for his clients. I am blessed to be able to work with him. His professionalism, commitment and integrity shows in his work and speaks for itself in his handling of the complicated transaction details. I highly recommend him!
5	One day, I decided that I should look for a house... after a few open houses and one day with a realtor who obviously wasn't listening to me, I fired the other guy & found Tom on yelp. I called him bright & early on a Monday morning and that afternoon he walked me through the whole process of how to buy a house in AZ. That week he took me to look at a bunch of houses & helped me narrow down my choices. He's really good at listening & reading reactions to different houses and will definitely do his best to negotiate a fair price. Tom also helped me feel comfortable with my purchase by arranging a final inspection and helping me take care of the odds and ends after closing (like buying me a new garage door remote control & contacting the seller repeatedly to take the sign out of the front yard.)Tom seems to be available all the time & is very willing to help with anything and everything! He explained all of the details for me since this was my first time buying a single dwelling property. I would highly recommend working with Tom if you are looking for a real estate agent who will take care of you!!
5	A friend of mine referred me to Tom, which I was very happy about.  Tom is a top notch real estate agent.  He was extremely helpful, he kept me informed during the entire process, helped me to find great financing options, and overall made everything simple.  I've hired real estate agents in the past and although they were good, not one of them matched the level of service that Tom delivers.  I highly recommend him.
5	When it comes to a GREAT Realtor, what is important. That they are there for you. This guy is always there for you...His life is his customer's and it shows talking to him and working with him. His knowledge of the SE Valley is incredible and the ability to listen and deliver is second to none. Highly recommend TOM SPEAKS!!!
2	Tom is a nice guy. And he got my house sold. That being said, he, at least for someone who has never had to sell and buy a new home at the same time was not there for me. He seemed like he was more pro buyer than the person paying his commission. I asked for extra time to move out as my house hadn't closed yet and he said no. I had another unrelated realtor call the buyer and got more time. My house came in under appraisal. Again, a time crunch for my new house. He texted me and said I would have to wait up until 5 days for an answer. Again I had to contact another realtor who got me an answer in an hour. It was like after he knew my house sold he completely lost interest in finishing the details required. I had to contact his broker to finish the deal. He told me I wS his "favorite client" and promised movie tickets for me and my son due to having let the buyer not only come for my entire inspection but to bring other subcontractors with her on a day my child was home alone. He is 12. That is against the law. Movie tickets never materialized. Tom lacks the empathy chip. Somewhere along the line that has been removed. Sad. He is very dry and emotionless and mostly texted me during the process. I found this to be woefully impersonal. Like I said, I felt he was the buyers agent and not mine. His broker has called me to make certain things were ok, live, on the phone, even days after the close. I chose Tom due to his ratings on Yelp. However if I decide to sell again I would definitely choose someone with a more empathetic outlook. He took me to task, to the point that even his wife stated he should apologize. Would not use him again unless you are a seasoned, savvy real estate person where the "personal touch" is not important to you.
5	I have known Tom for several years. He is a great realtor and knows more about real estate than almost any agent I've met. He works hard and gets the job done. I've worked with him on many transactions. If you're going to buy or sell a home, I highly recommend Tom.
5	Tom's attention to detail was the best. Finding the right house for the right price was difficult but Tom made it happen. He will be there for you when you need it and will see the entire process through from beginning to end.
5	I've been working with Tom to find a new home and WOW, is he amazing. The energy and knowledge that he brings to the process is absolutely amazing. This will be the seventh house I've purchased and I can say without question, TOM IS THE BEST REALTOR THAT I'VE EVER WORKED WITH.
5	Tom sold my home.  There were a number of problems that came up as we proceed through the process and Tom handled every one of them professionally and with my best interest in mind.  I would recommend Tom to anyone that is looking to sell or buy a house..
5	If i could give more than 5 stars, I would. Tom was absolutely professional and communicative. He really is the best realtor that I've ever met. When the sale of my house took longer than expected because of bank issues, Tom worked tirelessly and was absolutely patient and thorough to get the job done! Thanks for everything, Tom!
5	Tom has been tireless, driven, and highly successful while selling our house. We left the state shortly after putting the house on the market, and he took care of so many things that would have been very difficult for us to do long-distance! He was always professional, checking in on a regular basis to keep us in the loop, and advise us on the best course of action. I couldn't have hoped for someone as involved and efficient as he is! The caliber of his work - as well as the Yelp reviews - tell you how busy of a guy he is, but he always made us feel like we were his only client. He always called us back promptly and followed through, and he turned what could have been a miserable experience into a pleasant and very successful one! I highly recommend Tom to all of my Arizona friends.
5	I have worked with a lot of realtors, most of whom I would not want to recommend. Tom, however, is on of the best real-estate agents in town.  Tom works hand-in-hand with his clients to make sure that he can find the property that is right for his clients needs. If your looking for a realtor that operates with integrity, I would highly recommend that you call Tom Speaks.
5	Tom continues to amaze me with his outstanding ethics and belief in helping the customer find what they want and not worry about himself. Great agent for anyone looking to buy or sell a home.
5	It was an absolute pleasure working with Tom. I sent out a few feelers seeking a realtor and Tom responded to our initial e-mail within 5 minutes. His knowledge, willingness to go the extra mile and diligence made purchasing a home relatively stress free. It was so nice to have someone to contact every step of the way to answer any questions we had and he was able to put us in touch with other knowledgable professionals to aid in our home purchase. Tom was never hard to reach and always responded quickly and professionally. When it came to the mounds of paperwork, Tom often came to us to save us travel time. Our grand daughter was starting to think he was part of the family! In the last days leading up to the closing Tom stayed on top of the lenders many last minute requests and facilitated a stress free closing. If you are purchasing a home we would highly recommend Tom Speaks as your realtor, you won't be disappointed. we can't say enough about what a pleasure it was to work with him. Thank you Tom for helping us find our forever home!Joe & Diane K
