5	I have been getting my cars washed here for over a year now. They offer a monthly plan that is a very good value. When I just want to get the outside washed I can drive through myself. When I want to get full service inside and out, it never takes long and they do a great job. I usually get gas and stop in to the convince store that is attached while I'm there.What makes this 5 stars for me is the lady who manages the car wash. She is super friendly and always working hard. She has remembered me and my car since almost day 1. But I also see her treating all the customers there the same way. Definitively 5 star service.My only gripe doesn't concern the car wash. At night, when the car wash is closed, the gas station is a little rough. They should consider stationing a private security guard there, the place is busy enough to afford one.
1	The worst car wash ever! I don't often write reviews, but my experience at Terrible Herbst Car Wash was so horrendous, that I sat in the parking lot to leave this review immediately after my experience there. The $10 "Exterior VIP" wash left my vehicle still so dirty that I had to rewash the entire car. There was dirt so thick that you could write your name in it AFTER the car "wash." Matt, the manager, refused to provide any refund because, according to this genius, as long as they put "chemicals and water on your car, it's services rendered." According to Matt, it doesn't matter if your car is actually clean after the wash, as long as they put chemicals and water on it, you're done. Matt, I don't pay you to put chemicals and water on my car. I pay you to clean it. When I told manager Matt that I'd be leaving a negative review, his exact words: "I don't care about one review." Don't waste your money or your time. Too many other good options out there.
4	I like to get my oil change here because you get the free full service car wash which you can do right after. They do a pretty good job in my opinion cleaning the inside of the car and doing a little bit of detailing. Both the oil change and car wash are executed fairly quickly and the employees are fairly pleasant. I normally wouldn't do a review for a gas station but since Terrible Herbst is locally owned and they support UNLV's The Rebellion, so how could I not write a good review about them?! Plus they provide "safe place" for any kids who are lost or need a temporary safe spot to be at incase they are in any danger. Just by these 2 things it shows they care about the community they provide business for. So by all means get your oil changed at Terrible Herbst especially since you can't beat the price considering the fact it comes with the free full service car wash. I've been to other locations for the same services but I prefer this location out of all of them.
5	I had an oil change, Car Wash and a fill up.  The oil change was really fast, much faster then the 1-1/2 hours it usually takes at the Hyundai car dealership. This place was busy from the oil change, car wash to just getting gas but it was much faster in comparison. By the time I funished playing some candy crush and drank the rest of my SB latte, my car looked beautiful! Gassed up and headed to Cali for the weekend knowing that my ride is in tip top shape is a good feeling!
