5	I love Moquino he has always been able to fix body issues on my car. And, he will do it for cheaper than anyone else. He is friendly and easy to work with. Again, he will give you the best deal he can.
5	I normally don't write reviews, but I passed by Chapman BMW service center today which brought up horrible memories from a year ago when I had to deal with them. It's a long story as to why my car was at that service center. I got rear ended and was directed there in the past by the person's insurance. I know that you can pick your service center, but I haven't lived in Phoenix for long and have never needed body repairs and since that person's insurance was paying, I didn't really care really about the price.A while later myself and a friend were headed up to Vegas, around Wickenburg my fuel tank sprung a leak. The heat shield was missing and the plastic fuel tank actually melted. Not knowing anyone except that Chapman place I just had it towed to their collision center. That began a long process that really deserves a book written on the whole process and since this review is for Moquino's Body and Paint, I'll skip ahead.Long story short, those idiots at Chapman kept screwing me around for the longest time that I had enough. I sent a tow truck over and had my car towed to Moquino's which was near to where I worked. When I brought my car into Chapman BMW collision center, the guy there told me that they would put a used fuel tank in if I wanted (It would save me hundreds doing it this way). They took FOREVER. I had to constantly call them every day for an update or I would never hear from them. They always told me that they couldn't find a fuel tank. I went and did the work for them and found perfectly fine fuel tanks in great condition and brought them to the body shop for them and they would ALWAYS, time and time again find and excuse why they couldn't use one of the fuel tanks. After weeks of them jerking me around I had it brought to Moquino's. Within 3 days I had my car back running perfectly. In that time span Pete (the owner here) was able to get a new heat shield ordered, had no problem himself finding a used fuel tank, and was able to repair the car.It was very nice to finally get my car back. They only odd thing you will find about this place is that I think they have some fake reviews out there on the web. There are some other websites that show reviews for this place, but they just have a generic first name and they were all posted the same day and all 5 stars on the same exact day after having no reviews for months (unlikely). However, I bit the bullet and have no complaints about this place and having the repairs done here was perfectly reasonable price wise and probably a whole lot less that having anything done at Chapman.
1	The paint work is well below average and fails in less than 2 years. And he will not guarantee it beyond one year. Use him only if you plan on selling the vehicle soon ad have on qualms about burning the next owner.
