4	Two words: greasy goodness.I suppose I should write more, since there is more to say about this little gem called Burger Shoppe.  The Shoppe is in what some would call a sketchy part of town, but that shouldn't stop you from coming by for some good food.  They have an extensive menu that includes great burgers, hot sandwiches and some Mexican dishes thrown in for good measure. I've had their cheeseburger many times and have never been disappointed. And, I've also had their gyro, which is very, very yummy.  And, their fries are fantastic too.  Crispy on the outside and warm and fluffy on the inside. (Ironically, that is also how I describe myself).Another great lunch spot if you work near the Capitol. It can get pretty busy around lunch time, and parking can be a bit horrendous, but it is all worth it in the end.
5	Man it seems like as of late I have been wanting the things I enjoyed as a kid more and more. 25 cent ice cream from the ice cream man, sleeping in on the weekends, and most of all the food. I have already shared my love of subs from Mr. Submarine but this is another one of those childhood gems. The burger shoppe is a place that does something many do not know or can never do and that is make a good burger. Yes I know it sounds simple and any old grandma with a frying pan will claim to make a tasty burger but this places does it right every time. No frozen patties here. Just fresh beef being grilled over a real open flame so it has that great taste that makes you not want to stop eating. Large steak fries that not only stand up to oceans of ketchup but are crispy on the outside and fluffy and hot in the middle.Seriously it just does not get any better! Who says you have to spend a butt load of money just to get a great burger? A large burger, fries, and a drink all for $3.29 not bad right? LOLTry this place out the next time you are in the area, you won't be sorry!
3	I was out running errands with Mike C. today, & after having a dinky lunch at Bencomo's we were both hungry again before long, so we popped into this place this afternoon.  Here you get a 1/4 Lb. Burger on a sesame bun, a regular size order of good fries, AND a small soda for not even the $3.50 suggested in the other review, but for $3.29!  Can you imagine?Ok, it's kind of a funky little place, but it does have comfortable booth seating, the food was ok, & how can you go wrong for the price?  No wonder they were busy!    :-))(Restrooms are down the hallway & there's a $6 minimum purchase to use a card.)
3	$3.29 for burger , fries and soft drink is a-ok  the burger was not bad 1/4 pound patty flame broiled. and the french fries were ok to . Its not good enough for me to go out of the way to get there . But its OK ,I saw this place on yelp with all its 4 and 5 star reviews and wanted to see what this place was like for myself. well it gets only 3 stars because of the value.
5	Wait where is the one on 35th ave and van buren that is the best
5	Don't fall for the mediocre reviews. Those aren't from regulars. Those in the know can attest to the food. The menu is robust, as are the portions. Breakfast is great! Especially for the price. But you can order from burger menu from the time they open until they close. Patty melts to avocado burger, sandwiches to hot dogs.... and chili fries. You can't go wrong.This Dive is the best.....
2	They should change the name to The Greasy Pit. A coworker suggested this place, but I blame myself because I should have known better. Plus another clue was that all of the occupants of the 4 vehicles before me were 300lbs+. Only dare eating at this place if you don't mind dying young of heart disease. I've never eaten a taco with so much grease before. I mean I could literally barely taste the beef because the taste of grease overpowered it. It also sent me running for the toilet a couple of hours later. Charming I know. You've been warned.
5	Rating is for the breakfast. The American breakfast with toast, eggs, hash browns with a choice of bacon or sausage is sooo delicious. They make it fresh and usually it's a less than 10 minute wait time. Some day I may try one of the lunch/dinner options like the burgers and fries.
2	I went to eat here and bought breakfast which is what I really loved.There used to be a greek owner who owned this place, but something told me that he no longer owned it!!  Because with my breakfast I ordered a side of bacon ang got 1 strip and the hash brown portions are not the same. I remember when the hashbrowns ,and the whole breakfast covered the large plate.The food is still good though, but when you use the name of a good restaurant that the previous owners built, don't change what worked!! I will not do breakfast there no more,but will still do the rest.The burger shoppe on 35th ave & Thomas still has goog portions!! my new breakfast stop..
5	I have to give this place 5 stars since it's the closest thing that reminds me of my fav burger shop in LA. They actually have that great thousand island dressing that is hard to find out here in AZ. The burgers are fantastic and the prices are great. I love their french toast for breakfast, again it reminds me of the mom and pop burger joints that they have out in Cali which are not that common out here. Let me warn you, this is by no means the healthiest of places but it sure does hit the spot.
5	This place is awesome has been awesome n will continue to be awesome.  The food is always good n the staff are always happy to help u in anyway they can.  I have been coming here for over 13 years and have never had a bad meal.  My personal favorite is the Colossal Burger and it matches the title to a tee. If u r in the area and want a good burger swing on by and give it a try u will not be disappointed!
