5	This is the dental spa! You'll feel like you're at the resort of teeth care when you visit Dr. Coombs. First you'll be greeted by Nancy, who is very personable, and she'll remember you...your conversations of past, your personality, your dental quirks...she'll ease you into your dental experience just by talking to you and comforting you. And she has great teeth, as does everybody else in there.I have never had a bad hygenist either - they are always very concerned about your health - they'll tell you to floss, they'll even show you how to floss. And they'll tell you everything else you need to know about your teeth and why you need to take care of them.Dr. Coombs will do your other procedures...your fillings, your braces, etc. I think he likes to think of himself as the smile artist - your teeth are his canvas, and he will make them beautiful. You'll work together on taking the glam all the way, or keeping some of your charming toothy quirks. It's all good, regardless of  how you go, as long as it's not anything that will cause problems in the future.And you never have to worry about being oversold anything...they really just care about your dental health and making you look great - but only if you want to. I can't say enough good things about Dr. Coombs and his staff...and his beautiful office!I actually fell asleep during my last filling...if that means anything to you. :)
1	Although the dental practice looks professional and clean, the staff was not genuous in their concerns of my comfort. Yes, they said what you wanted to hear but you can tell when someone is not sincere. As soon as I said I wasn't sure about coming back or my discomfort when I had my teeth cleaning, they called me everyday. Not to check up to see how I was doing with the tooth I originally came in for care, but to see how quickly they can give up my appointment to fit in someone else...Everyday at least twice a day they called and not one of those calls or messages were to ask about my pain on the tooth. That's when you know the dentist and staff isn't about your comfort and health of your teeth. Yes, we are all in business to make money but money comes  with success of making your patients happy not treating them like another dollar sign. And to be charge more than $1200 for a teeth cleaning is ridiculous.
5	Scottsdale Smile Center is fantastic!  The staff is very friendly, professional, and accommodating.  There is nothing that could be done better here - top notch!  I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a great dental practice.
5	Hands down the best dental office you will ever encounter. Dr. Coombs and Dr. Chiappetti are so incredibly skilled at what they do and their entire staff are some of the friendliest people you will meet. I love the fact that the front office staff ALL greet you by name when you walk in the door! When all other dental offices have let you down, try this one. I promise you will not be disappointed. I've never seen anything like it and cannot say enough good things. Friendly, clean, professional, and conservative dentistry from the front desk, to the assistants and hygienists, to the doctors. The last time I was there, I heard a couple of the other patients in the waiting area saying that they had been patients for 20 or more years. That's amazing! I can confidently say that, based off of my experience, I will be a life-long patient as well.Considering I am a busy professional and full time college student, I appreciate that they were always so considerate of my time throughout my treatment. Dr. Coombs did my Invisalign and veneers and I could not be happier with the results. I referred both of my parents to this practice, and they were able to get their crowns done with some new technology that did not require them to wear temporaries. They walked out of the office with their new crowns that same day. Needless to say, they were thrilled, just as I have been!Oh and by the way, a previous review states that a teeth cleaning is $1200.00. That is 100% false. A regular teeth cleaning did not cost me anywhere near that, even with exam and x-rays. The only thing I can think of is if the $1200.00 was to treat periodontal disease, which is a pretty bad bacterial infection that requires extensive treatment with a hygienist (my mother had to have it done). Sorry, but I felt the need to defend them because I know for a fact that her comment is not true.Thank you Dr. Coombs and Dr. Chiappetti for helping me to achieve a beautiful smile again! Looking forward to seeing you at my next appointment!
5	I have never enjoyed or appreciated a dentist more! Everyone at Scottsdale Smile is welcoming and friendly, even remembering and showing interest in  personal details of my life. The hygienists are sensitive to my particular dental needs and I'm never dreading my appointments like I have in the past. Our 5 year old son even loves going to the dentist :) I think that says a lot. I've already recommended Scottsdale Smile to my parents!
