3	Great Tapas. Average Paella. Lunch for two including tax and tip came to $91. Not a place to come for value for money.
4	Yum! Took a friend for a great birthday dinner here a few weeks back. What a great place! Loved the simplistic decor, the wait staff were attentive and very knowledgeable, and the food was spectacular. The sardine salad was refreshing, even though I am not a big fan of sardines. They were topped with oh so tummy deep fried oysters. The beef short rib was tender, falling off the bone goodness. Even something as simple as Serrano ham and cheese worked so well. Will definitely go back!
5	Tapeo is a GEM. A little off the beaten path but well worth the trip. I've been here twice and it has been consistently good. A modern, crisp ambiance, descent service, but most importantly: the food!The menu is written in chalk on a large wall in the restaurant. Usual Tapas fare, but extremely well executed. A caprese salad is made special with tomatoes roasted on the vine, and this unctuosly creamy mozarella. Oven roasted potatoes that explode with flavor. A chicken breast, usually so dry and flavorless!, which, served with a rich lemon cream sauce is possibly the best chicken breast I have ever had.Its one of those places that you can taste the effort and detail that went into each dish. I ate for two (no alcohol, no desert) for 80$.
4	Definitely in my personal top-5 in Montreal. Most tapas, if not all, are really great, service is professional and courteous and they have some very good and affordable wines.  Reservation is mandatory though, very popular venue lately.
5	Excellent food and atmosphere.  All tapas we tried were amazing (olives, spanish tortilla, cod fish fritters, fideos,serrano and cheese).  Churros were a hit.  Paella was mediocre.
5	We had good expectations when we tried Tapeo's for the first time. Thr ambiance was cozy while a bit noisy. The service was impeccable and Dany (our main waiter) was very knowledgeable of both the wine list and all the dishes. Since we didn't know the tapas, we decided to go with Dany's suggestion which was to let the chef prepare 9 surprise tapas for us... And the result was WOW! Everything was very tasty and matched perfectly with our Spanish wine. Even the desserts were incredible! The only drawback to Tapeo might be the price. Then again, this depends on your personal budget... For us, it's an investment in good times!Update: Ee went back 5 times and always got the same great experience. While the reservation and owner's welcoming could improve in politeness and tact, as far as food and waiting staff (waiters and busboys) goes, it's a big winner! I highly recommend you try Tapeo with your spouse, date, business partner or any other casual encounter. ASK FOR DANY OR ANDY, they're both great waiters. Enjoy!
5	hands down, the best tapas experience I've had in a while. i went for a lovely dinner with my boyfriend last night, and at the recommendation of friends and other reviewers, let our waiter choose our dishes.highlights: scallops wrapped in lardon...i have very few words left in my vocabulary that will do this dish justice. by far my favorite selection, the melt in your mouth scallops were very large and cooked perfectly tender and sweet, lardon was crisp and not too fatty and the reduction was a wonderfully redolent  compliment to the dish and great for saucing breadfried callamari - lightly battered with a hint of heat from the black pepper and a beautiful garlic aioli as dipping sauce. tomates sur vigne with fromage de chevre -  cherry tomatoes cooked straight on the vine to perfection were a perfect reminder of late summer with the complimentary tang of the soft, warmed goat cheese. other selections which were highly enjoyable include the delicious complimentary salmon tartar served on a fresh slice of cucumber which was brought to us before our meal, the beautifully braised leek with tomates confit...i really had no idea leek could be so sweet and delicious...at the end of our meal, we were a little stuffed and debating on dessert. before we could decide for ourselves, we were brought a lovely plate of churros on the house. had we not eaten quite so much, we would have inhaled the dense doughy delights and probably licked the bowl of chocolate sauce...as it was, full, we still managed to gorge on half the plate.6 tapas and a low end bottle of wine: 100 dollars + a really good tip.there is no doubt that we will be back again. make reservations well in advance if you are going on the weekend, kitchen closes at 11. allow at least 2 hours for a full and exceptional experience.
5	Simply some of the best food I've ever had. The beef tartare is worth the flight from L.A. to Montreal. Bring a beautiful date with you and a pocket full of cash and you'll be fine.
5	Had a birthday lunch - 4 of us, 2 guests a bit hesitant but in the end a totally fab meal. Looking forward to going back.
5	This place is beyond amazing.Trendy, cool, and magnificently delicious! My friend and I ordered about 8 items off their menu, our favourites being their bacon wrapped scallops, meat balls, and garlic shrimp! But seriously, it was really hard to choose a favourite since everything was phenomenal.Great tapas and wine list, great service, great ambiance. I will definitely be back to test out the rest of their menu-items.(Co-ed bathrooms too! Ha!)
5	First of all, I was very happy to finally have excellent service in a restaurant in Montreal. Food was served pretty fast, waiters were super nice and polite. The restaurant has cool interior design and a very nice atmosphere. Menus are well designed. I am Spanish and I was really surprised on how yummy and well cooked were all the tapas. We ordered the foie gras (excellent), garlic shrimps, sardine salad (amazing) and patatas bravas, which tasted really good. Cocktails are well done too. They just have 4 or 5 beers but huge wine selection. Price for 2 people was around 60$ with 2 drinks and 4 tapas (and it was way too much food). If you are not very hungry a tapa or 2 per person should be enough. I will definitely come back. Tapeo was a surprisingly amazing experience.
5	Me and my gf spent two nights in Montreal and we'd heard great things about Tapeo. It seemed fully booked, but with a back-up up our sleeves (Dinette Triple Crown diner if you must know), we went to Tapeo. They managed to squeeze us in! Good for us! Great tapas (My favorite was the salmon tartar), nice service and an all-around cool place worth your time and money.
5	went there with coworkers during the holidays and had a great time. the scallop ceviche was the highlight for me and of those who got it. the paella's quite good but the ceviche. wish it was a main instead of an entree. my first time there was during the burger week for their burger. i knew it was love at first sight so i was happy to get the chance to go back
5	One of my favorite restaurants!!  The tapas sizes are nicely sized to share for two.  The flavours of all the dishes are great.  I love the short rib and the sea bass is great.  Their selection of wines is very good.  Sitting at the bar is great too, the whole staff team is very professional and attentive
4	I went to Tapeo last week with a friend. That place was pretty packed (middle of the week) and quite loud! That being said, the food was amazing and we both agreed that the special of the month (fries with truffles and lardon oil was amazing).They are opening a second Spanish restaurant a couple of blocks west... Can't wait to try that one as well. I will definitely go back sometime!
5	OMG this restaurant was AMAZING! Went with someone with celiac and had NO ISSUES with any gluten or cross contamination, waitstaff was super responsive and very knowledgeable, and  recommended some amazing dishes to us. Had a GREAT dinner and so much fun - definitely will return.
