4	Great little spot in the Old Port. It's a cozy little shotgun resto on PLace D'Youville, with exposed brick and just the right decor level. It doesn't try to be some fancy upscale place, yet makes a great spot for a date. The lighting is a bit on the romantic side. Food is excellent - delicious everything. No weak spots. Service is fair.If you're in the Old Port, definitely go for this place.
4	I have been ordering delivery (as well as the occasional sit down dinner) from Mirchi almost every week for over a year and a half and their consistency and quality are always welcome!I always order the Tandoori chicken (which comes with rice and vegetables included) that is always very well seasoned, juicy, and delicious.The offer real mirchi pakora (fried green chiles) that are great if you love the spicy stuff!Some of their dishes can be on the sweeter side, but they are very receptive to special orders or requests.Given that there are so many choices in Montreal, a year and a half of satisfaction should be reason enough to pick up the phone (or go down to the restaurant) and order!!!
4	They deliver!!  And they have pretty good butter chicken and really good paneer naan.  Their mushroom rice is pretty yummy, too.
4	An excellent restaurant in Old Montreal, without the pretense of other typical Old Port establishments.We both had the table d'hote, our selections included vegetable pakora, onion bhajee, achari panner tikka masala, lamb dhansak with rice and naan and this was served with vegetables bhajee. We thought about ordering an additional appetizer, but the waiter suggested it may be too much. He was right, they were great portions and we even had enough left over that I took it home for lunch the next day. The food was a sensory delight.  Nice decor, their lower level would be fun for small groups or parties.
1	1.  burned and cold appetizers2.  absolutely bland and almost tasteless vegetables drenched in oil3.  burned dessert (gulab jaman)4.  very slow service5.  dirty and hot
4	I stopped here for dinner with a friend while visiting Montreal. The food was great and the location in Old Montreal was lovely. I had chana masala and was sad that I was leaving the next day and couldn't take home the left overs.
4	Good food, good service. Pretty standard.
2	Situated in Old Montreal, Mirchi is a "Meh" Indian restaurant . There menu is nothin different than that of other Indian restaurants. Is the food any good?  Its Ok. Nothing special. We ordered The Chicken Biryani. It had a generic taste to it. The Lamb Madras was ok. It had a bit of zing to it, but had a taste that was ordinary.  On their website they claim "try Indian ice cream or coconut cake for dessert". Sadly they didn't have either of those. Food -  okService - okAmbiance - MehWorth the money - No
