5	i have always like starbucks. they serve good, predictable strong coffee for a decent price. i have never had a bad service experience in a starbucks....if my coffee ever tasted stale, cold, old, whatever, they always, always, always fix it...no question....sort of like the wal-mart of coffee. plus, it's always so cozy in a starbucks. i have never gotten a fancy coffee....always the same...."small" coffee. but i received a gift card for this christmas towards starbucks this year. and i am constantly craving caramel machiatto's (sp?). this thing is fantastic! it's so sweet and strong and just plain delicious. please don't tell me how many calories are in it because then i'll feel guilty for drinking them...but man, they are like macayo's margarita's on a hot day....they go down so quick and smooth, and before i know it, i'm wanting another. unfortunately, i have to sleep sometime, so i'll have to ration for now....until my gift card runs out then it's back to regular, plain ol coffee....2.65 for a small....robbery i tell you!
4	BF has found his "go to" for the duration of our stay here in Arizona... because the pink packet and chemical packets our timeshare provides does not cut it.
3	Not a big Starbucks fan.  But the Staff at this one was gracious and courteous. So I figured they should get kudos  for the job they did.  The place was exceptionally clean and everyone was busy and productive. Good job.
4	I love the coffee, service and the fact that I can use my computer on their internet service keeps me loyal and coming back for more.Debbie H
2	I always love star bucks but honestly Internet at all star bucks are horrible it's so slow and it sucks coz one of the reason I hangout in the store is to enjoy my iPad and drink my good coffee since Internet is slow then i cant to that. I wish they would update their Internet specifically this store:3
2	Kinda smells bad.
4	Starbucks is Starbucks when it comes to the coffee and food, but the staff at this location are particularly helpful and nice. One offered to help me decide on what drink to choose, and promised that if I did not like it, he would make me another one free of charge. The seating is a bit limited because the place is somewhat small, but other than that, an above average cookie cutter Starbucks.
4	Im at Starbucks, different locations like 3 times a day. My order is always right, service is always fast, and its an easy place to come sit and get some work done on my laptop.
4	good prompt service and the baristas know what they're doing here.
5	The staff is super nice and service is always fast.
4	Love John, the Manager. Always there with a smile and great at customer service. This Fashion Square Starbucks is a VERY busy locations with lots of visitors but these guys are efficient and friendly despite it.Wish they had some inside seating and comfy chairs for the hot and cold months.  But enjoy the spacious outdoor seating which is unique for starbucks when there are NO SMOKERS and weather is good.
5	I know Starbucks are the big bad corporate guys, but they're actually a pretty sustainable company, and their employees even get insurance if they're part-time, which is more than you can say for more part-time employers. I always feel I have to explain why I like a chain store, which is ridiculous, since its' a free country, but I think Starbucks has a pretty strong case. Anyway, this location is always pretty busy, but the baristas are unfailingly pleasant and friendly, and the couple of times they've messed up my drink orders, they've been quick to fix the situation. The manager is often there and hops right in with the others, making drinks and acting like any other member of the team. I'm a complex individual when it comes to coffee, I love to experiment and try new twists on things, and a couple of the baristas in particular have had some yummy ideas. White chocolate mocha with a pump of raspberry and a pump of hazelnut! I know it sounds like too much but just try it.I need to learn how to make cake pops at home, though, my cake-pop lust is getting too expensive!
2	Okay, first thing is first, I love my coffee, and I love Starbucks but THIS particular location has failed to please me, twice. The first time was about 3 weeks ago, I came here on a Wednesday afternoon, wanting a vanilla chai latte. Eh, I must say, it wasn't as tasty as I expect but hey, everyone makes mistakes, no biggie. So today I decided, let me try this location put again since I'm here. I got here around 10 am. I went through the drive-thru and it was PACKED as usual. When I got to the window I specifically ordered a tall double chocolate chip frappucino. What I was handed was a Venti Carmel macchiato. Um...and when I told her what I did order, the barista caught the nastiest attitude and told me that I should have spoken louder. Exxxcusssseee me?!?! Being the nice human I am, I took my new drink she handed me and it was a java chip frappucino .....*sigh* I am so over this. I smiled and put 2 bucks in the tip jar and drove away. Okay, LOVE LOVE Starbucks but this location, no I will hold off, thank you.
4	Don't know what has changed over the past few months but this is now my favorite location. I come here everyday, especially since its practically walking distance from my house and my drinks are now always made to perfection. Thanks guys, way better!!
2	Visited here while I was in town for spring training 3 different times. This place gets pretty busy, and I don't mind waiting for my drink but they didn't know how to handle the rushes very well. They wouldn't call out drinks or names rather let them sit there to be picked up. The line moved really slowly and the crew seemed like they weren't all working together or communicating. I will say they did make my drink perfect each time, can't compain there.
5	Starbucks is always great! Can't go wrong.
5	Great location!
5	If there were 10 stars for this location, It would be granted!  I go here everyday Monday through Friday. A great way to start my day and sometimes a nice refreshing treat in the afternoon.  I always have the best service, they know me when I walk in the door and my drink is ready before I even have a chance to swipe the "Gold" card. Always a friendly staff with a warm smile.
2	I spent a good three hours studying. Besides having a great facility for wifi, seating, and noise level, the service could use a lot of work. If you're in the service industry, people who apply for this jobs should be mindful that they will be working with people. In other words, they can be more friendly and cheerful no matter how difficult it may be. Other than that, I did enjoy my peach green tea lemonade.
3	Spinach wrap was cold... :( Avoid this place in the morning, you will compromise quality or your time!
4	Friendly service, delicious hot chocolate, good friends on a Friday Night--what's not to love?
3	I am not a person that frequents Starbucks. I don't particularly like the chain for a plethora of reasons, but that is where a friend of mine that I was reconnecting with after 15 years wanted to grab a coffee, so I was not in a place to argue.Though I will say that the coffee tasted reminiscent of paint thinner, which it has at every Starbucks that I have visited across the country, the staff here was friendly and perky. The barista was especially cool, and fun, and she helped to make my experience at a coffee shop that I generally disdain, more pleasant. The place was clean too which Starbucks stores are not always.
4	This particular Starbucks doubles as a police station. Want to get a free Starbucks at any point? Make a bet that either a cop is either inside or will walk in while ordering a drink. I guess bougie Scottsdale cops must be getting paid more than the Dunkin' Doughnut variety. Regardless, at least you can rest assured that the pastries will be fresh.Altogether a pretty good Starbucks, but it lacks a seating area for groups, which drops it a star. Other than that, the drinks are par and the staff isn't rude. Can't complain.
5	Great skinny vanilla latte staff is friendly and fast at what they do very clean lots of great food to choose from and fresh
3	The outdoor patio is too close to the parking lot, but there is really nowhere else to put the tables and chairs. Of course, you are not supposed to smoke on the patio, but many folks here ignore those rules. I give the Barista credit for going outside and telling the smokers to quit. The prices are approaching 5 bucks for a medium coffee and the pastry is still not made in house, but Starbucks is kind of an American tradition once in awhile. I also seem to be cursed at this location because another prospective date I met here failed to materialize into romance - this was the third coffee meeting here that did not advance beyond the original date.
1	Danielle is moody and does not follow what people ask for and when you double check to see if this is what you asked for she responds rude. My father has anxiety issues and she did not follow what we told her to put inside the coffee ( we requested soy with decaffe) and people there thinks requests are joke! I want the name of the manager here. I had to send him to the hospital. This Saturday crew at 12:24 needs to take requests seriously! People have dietary needs and some even take medication. I also did not appreciate this crew laughing when I double checked to see if what we requested was in it! I plan to write the regional manager if I do not hear from the manager at this location!
2	Product is fine but this may be the slowest Starbucks I've ever been to since they are in a busy area and only have one barista.
1	Whether one barista or three, and two people or ten infront of you this starbucks is the slowest I've ever been to. The couple times I've complained about this place to a friend they automatically know the exact location im referring to. I've had to walk out twice because I've stopped on my commute but the process is so slow that sometimes I just can't use the time. I've been here four times and decided tonight while I've been here now 12 minutes to get a tall latte (with one person infront of me who ordered a similarly simple white mocha) Id write a review. If only the Coffee Bean in this area didn't close so early :(
3	Parking is really tough at this Starbucks location, and the time I visited it was a bit unkempt. Perhaps because it was in the afternoon, I dunno. I got what I wanted and left, but not sure that I'd visit this particular location again. It would be a good spot to sit outside and people-watch, though.
