1	Couldn't get to my regular salon (Elite Nails in Gilbert)  to get a fill (acrylic - pink and white) ... anyway this is on my way home and stopped in.   Horrible job... it was only a fill !!  Staff was not friendly.  Tried to pay with a debit card and got shamed into paying cash (what I had!) told the credit card charged them when I use my card.     A lesson learned....   but back to my regular place.   Two thumbs down.
4	I only get my toes done here, but they are always professional and clean, the girls do a great job and the price is right.  They have asked if I could use cash, but never pressured me into doing so.  I like their massage chairs too!
5	My mother regifted a gift certificate to this salon to me, since she really isn't the mani-pedi type, but knew I've always wanted to get my nails done. I had never gotten my nails done before at a salon and I was told that the staff didn't speak much English so I was worried, but decided to take my best friend and go before the certificate expired. The only salon I've ever seen inside of, really, is the one at the local Walmart, and... that one doesn't look so great, so I didn't know what to expect.Lets just say I was quite stupid for being worried. I walked into this place and my jaw dropped - it was lovely inside! the lighting and tile reminded me of the inside of a fancy hotel lobby. Everything was neat and clean and professional looking. NOTHING was second rate or 'ghetto'. Also, while English was not the first language here, this was not a problem. Everyone spoke great English, and not once did I have any problem communicating what I wanted for my nails. The lovely lady who did my nails was quiet but friendly - which suited me fine. I'm not a big 'talker' while getting things like this done. The lady was absolutely professional and quick. The gentleman who did my best friend's nails did nick her a little with the cuticle clipper, but she said it wasn't that bad. I didn't feel a thing with mine, no problems at all. While letting my nails dry, I spent time watching the other women there who were getting pedicures. The chairs for you to sit in are plush massage chairs and, even though I'm probably too ticklish to get a pedicure, the chairs alone were enough to tempt me. They looked lovely! The staff was all very nice and all the customers there seemed quite happy. Also, I noticed that both of the other reviews mention the issue with paying cash vs. Debit or Credit. True, I had a certificate, and that paid for most of mine and my best friends manicures, but since I got gel nails, my friend did have to pay a little for hers. No one even blinked twice when she pulled out her credit card, and she paid with no trouble. I never really thought I would enjoy getting my nails done, but I have to say that I have never been so happy with my nails. The prices here, even for my first time, seem more than reasonable, especially for such a nice place. Both my best friend and I were extremely happy with the service we recieved here and are planning to go back next payday together. It was a lovely and relaxing experience.As for ratings, while I can't exactly say (due to my lack of experience) that it is as good as it gets, I do think it was worth 4 stars. I'm giving it five, though, because I think one not so good review really is giving this place a bad name... and I completely disagree. It deserves a much higher rating. Just an FYI.
4	I have been here with my kids to do pedicures.  The staff is real friendly and they do a good job and I never feel like they are rushing.  My last pedi lasted for 4 weeks - pretty good!
