5	By far my GREATEST yoga experience to date! The studios are neautiful and peaceful the people who work there are great and the instructors are A+. You've not experienced yoga until you've practiced at At One. My personal favorite instructors are Max, Julie, Jen C, Johanna and Alex. Definitely check it!
5	For my review #100, I had to choose something meaningful and significant... so, this is it... At One Yoga - what a truly amazing, unique, awesome addition to the valley!Both this location (Phoenix) and the Scottsdale location offer the best yoga classes around!  No matter what your schedule is, you can find a class that works for you.  I've never had a bad experience with any class at At One.  I like the flow classes best, but every now and then, I'll challenge myself with a power class or I'll go back to the basics with Carlos or Sara B.'s intro classes.  No matter what, I feel incredible when I leave...  I tend to frequent Johanna, Alex, Max, Lisa, Carlos, and Sara's classes.  They are all amazing!  From time-to-time, David Romanelli will come in as a guest instructor too - he is awesome!  (www.yeahdaveyoga.com)So, yes, classes are on the pricey side at anywhere from $13 - $25 per class depending on the package you purchase, but in return, you are doing something so positive for your physical and mental health, it is worth it!What else can I share about At One Yoga?  The studios are clean and the music played in each class always gets me going and helps to get me into the present moment.  The employees are friendly and helpful and the boutique offers some really cool yoga apparel and gifts.As a final note, I will share something that I learned from Sara B. in her New Year's Day flow class:  2008 is a '1' year.  (If you add up the digits in 2008, you get 10 and then add those and you get 1).  It is a year for new beginnings.  What better time than now to go experience a yoga class from At One if you haven't already?  I'll be back for sure...Namaste!
5	I am obsessed with this place. I frequent here 1 to 2 times a week. Johanna's flow class is amazing. I have been coming here for almost 6 years-WOW is that possible? Comes highly recommended!
5	Yoga-smic!!!!! (ok -- that was a little cheesy) If you haven't discovered At One Yoga you are missing perhaps my favorite community in the valley.  I say community because it is a family.  Amazing, inspirational teachers.  I learn something every time I go.  The power classes by Matt, Ian and Max are my favorite for an awesome workout.  Think hip hop music, sweating and push ups besides your usual stretching, lengthening, and breathing with a spiritual component. But there are some amazing goddesses their also who always find a way to touch my heart...don't miss Lisa and Cintra (for hot yoga).If this place doesn't change your life...change your view in some way...I would be surprised.  Enjoy this amazing valley gift.Namaste  -
4	This place is a little pricey- but you get what you pay for. Johanna's flow class is great. The only con I have is that classes can be packed, they don't offer tons of early morning classes- but this is the best place in the valley, by far, for yoga.
5	Things that I am thankful for:-family (including my husband and my new extended family that I married into and of course Minnie too)-friends-health-an incredible job-a fantastic Yelp community -the fact that At One Yoga was open today and that Ian taught a fantastic power yoga classBecause it's Thanksgiving, I figure now is as good a time as any to update my review of At One Yoga and say that it really is a fantastic studio.  I'm not alone in saying this... just look at their other reviews and/or look at how packed some of the classes are!Today's class was insane.  We were literally mat to mat on the floor but that didn't deter anyone at all... I'm grateful for all of the things I mentioned above and oh so much more.  I hope to continue to be blessed with the ability to practice being At One for years to come!
5	This is by far the best studio I have ever attended.  The energy here is amazing, and though it is pricey it is worth it.  The teachers here are amazing, I have never been a bit unsatisfied and it is hard to pick a favorite because they all have so much talent.  I have been doing yoga for many years and this studio has transformed my practice and always challenges me.  The people who practice here are very good but not intimidating.  The teachers are constantly there to guide you through your practice and the harder I work when i am there the more attention I get from them.  They offer a wide range of classes to suit every level and make an hour and twenty minutes of yoga go by quickly.  I love it here, and though it is tough on my budget, I will continue to cut back on other luxuries to enjoy the yoga here.
5	At One Yoga is one of my favorite places to be, period.  After a trial membership I decided to take the plunge and become a full fledged member- a little steep in price, but like another reviewer said on here, you get what you pay for.  The instruction is phenomenal... impressive, too that many of their instructors and guest instructors are internationally recognized.  I find incredible peace and empowerment through the music, challenging classes, and welcoming energy at At One.  It took me two or three weeks to figure out what levels of yoga worked for me-- some of the classes are still a little too challenging for me, and I appreciate that they offer some "slower" classes.  Current favorite instructors/classes: Mimi (deep stretch), Danielle (all levels), Gina (flow) and Stephanie (candlelight flow). Also have had amazing experiences with the restorative class and basics. Also, huge bonus: this is one of those yummy studios where the instructors give you mini-massages during your practice.  What spells bliss?  Crouching down into child's pose while your awesome instructor rubs your back!  Wow...*Tip-- arrive a few minutes early so you can get a good spot, since some classes are packed.
5	Just writing this review makes me feel centered and at peace.  I have been practicing yoga on and off for about 7 years at At One Yoga.  I have been at nearly every type of class offered: yin, prenatal, power, flow, basic, body-rolling, you-name-it!  There is a class/teacher for every taste... great music, incredible instruction and an awesome vibe.
4	I had heard the rumors that At One Yoga would be closing and wanted to visit before the chance would be lost forever.  So far, it hasn't closed and many people are still feeling the great groove that is known as AOY.  Change is in the air, not sure of the direction that the studio will be taken in though.Anton's class was energetic, perfect for attending on July 4th, especially since the one massage appointment that I had on the holiday, cancelled.  Frustration is never a great way to begin a class, but it is there occasionally.  There were a number of instructors also in attendance, when this happens, I know that I am going to learn something new.This location near the Biltmore, right off of the 51 and just southeast of Piewesta Peak, is easily accessible and well-worth the drive.  I have attended great classes here with Johanna Epps, Max Cohen and John Salisbury to name just a few of the many talented instructors.
5	One of my favorite hours of the day, is in this studio. They have great teachers and staff. Yes they are moving to Life Power, but your practice, your breath, your pace. Most of the teachers will be the same. As soon as I take a class there I will write a review about there studio. Can't wait!
4	Wonderful yoga studio with a fantastic staff! I was so impressed with not only the facility but the instructors too. Friendly, knowledgeable and a joy to practice yoga there. Namaste.
