2	If you are desperate and have no where else to turn. This come close to Chinese food. I suggest going 2 China One in the Smith shipping center. Way better food for similar prices. Actually I am holding back a bit. Call me a snob but Panda is horrible.
2	I go here because it is convenient and I leave here thinking I should have went somewhere else. My walnut shrimp tasted like they had been "re-cooked" and fell apart. My beef tasted like it had been sitting in the pan for a very very long time. The cream cheese wontons were very old and dry.The only highlight was the kung pao chicken. Lots of chicken and squash. It was delicious. I wish I would have gotten more of it instead of the above. I always get the 1/2 1/2 with the fried rice and chow mein. It was ok.Service was fast. But, I don't want to return here and will resist the urge for a long time.
3	Who doesn't know about Panda Express?  I have to admit: I first patronized this place because of the cute panda mascot.  Now, I find myself searching for PE when I want a quick Asian-style hit.  It is what it is and sometimes the food could be fresher.  BUT, if you know what you're getting and not expecting 5* authentic Chinese cuisine, then you'll probably be happy.
2	The food is wonderful but the staff is a disappointment!! They forgot to give me my mandarin sauce on the side and I called and they just hung up on me.
5	Good place
3	I go here nearly weakly to eat. Amazing food. Only complaints I have is that the orange chicken doesnt have much of a kick to it like the orange chicken at other panda express's. Also if you go in half an hour before closing they wont bother to keep making food. They say whatevers there is what you can get. Period.
3	This was my first experience with this location. We ordered online to take out for a birthday party. We were told it would be about an hour, and showed up a few minutes early. Much to the dismay of all of the patrons in line, when we arrived to pick up our order, everything was put on hold to dish up our chow. We didn't realize we were basically taking cuts in front of everyone else, as we just went to the area that said "online order pick up." I'm still not really sure why there was a need to order ahead of time, if they were just going to dish it up upon our arrival. None of the people in line were too upset, which was a surprise. Had the shoe been on the other foot, I may have been a little upset. We were offered complimentary sodas while we waited on one last item to be prepared. The food was good and there was more then enough, with plenty left over. At about six dollars a head (excluding beverages), it was perfect for the party. Nothing to really warrant a jump to four stars, but I would not hesitate to return to this location.
4	Love this place. So cheap and tasty. Doesnt get much better with fast food Chinese. They have a drive thru too! Thier chow mein is pretty amazing if you like chow mein.
1	I am so sad to add panda to my list of places to avoid!! I just left there where I ordered the Shanghai steak which is promoted as the Healthy Wok item only to watch the cook throw my steak in the deep fryer! I complaint and was ignored and made to feel ridiculous for wanting my meat not deep fried! It is a shameful situation! The cashier wouldn't let me keep the receipt after I asked to cancel my order to prevent me from having the store number! I will be contacting pandas guest service!!
