5	Are you looking for quality Portuguese cuisine?At Lisboa Bakery and Grill you can get all that and more, with the famous Piri-Piri Chicken made fresh every day (you can often see the chicken spinning on the open flame when you walk in the place - and it smells delicious).There is also a full cafe service, including the Galao (pronounced Gal-Own), a Portuguese specialty hot drink made with espresso and foamed milk, as well as the Pastel De Nata (a Portuguese egg tart pastry) and other Portuguese baked goods.Although take out and catering is very popular here, there is table service and the place is also licensed to serve.  My wife and I will often partake of the breakfast special (two eggs any style, bacon or sausage, home fries and two thin, crispy slices of buttered Portuguese white bread) here, served every day until 11 am.In the summertime there is an excellent patio here looking over the rest of the "Main Street" here in Williamsburg.  My wife and step-daughter love coming here for the Galao since we were in the Azores, and we keep coming back for more!
4	Went for dinner at Lisboa a few weeks ago. Had a quarter roasted chicken dinner with rice and roasted potatoes.Not sure if the patatoes were fully cooked, but they kind of tasted raw (they were served hot from the deep fryer I believe so I wasn't 100% sure if that was how they were supposed to be served or if they were  not cooked enough). Had a piece of the blackforest cake for dessert. The cake was okay, but it was a little stale. I don't fault Lisboa for this as it's hard to find a fresh piece of cake served by the slice at many bakeries & cafes around town unless you order and buy an entire cake. Will  come back to Lisboa again as the service was good.
4	In a strip mall... like many neighborhood secretly good eateries.  We stopped by out of sheer curiosity in hopes to find good Portuguese bread.  We were happy to find some great tasting sweets.  The humble seats were full and their chicken looked good.. I will have to try it next time we pass by.
3	Food is really good, but sometimes one of the waitresses (same one every time) "kills" our good experience there. The rest of the staff are great, this particular girl is always forgetting/not paying attention/messing up the order.
5	Just had the chicken parmigiana sandwich on a fresh Portuguese bun.  I took half home because the serving was do huge, but did not want to put it down.  The sandwich alone costs 8.95$, plus 4.00$ more for veggies.  I was in flavour country.  Nice place for a lunch date with friends.
3	Stopped in to check this place out today as we were in Kitchener.  Since we had already had lunch and it was around 4 pm we ordered the Galao coffee.  I had a strawberry cheesecake (NOT made here - bought in) and my partner had the coconut tart (actually more like a muffin or cupcake).  The Galao is nothing special.  It's a simple Latte - on a par with MacDonald's or Williams Coffee Pub but twice the price.  My cheesecake was overwhelmingly sweet to the point where I couldn't eat it.  The coconut pastry was heavy as lead, dense, and had little to no flavour even though there was plenty of coconut in it.  Two desserts, 2 coffees $14. and change.  The server was a wonderful young man who took alot of time explaining the desserts.  Yes he got a nice tip even though the food was so-so.  The noise was horrendous as they were showing the World Soccer matches on every tv (there are several) and the crowd was drinking and watching the show. The restaurant is clean and new, not classy - very casual, kind of diner style.  We found the menu prices to be very high and were glad we had already eaten.  A side of vegetables or potatoes for example 6.99 and sandwiches around 10.95.  Definitely Toronto pricing here and not what I expect in a plain neighbourhood setting with paper napkins and a large take out counter.  We didn't try the chicken so we can't comment on that or the other mains, but since the prices are steep, I doubt we will be driving there again as there are so many other options.  Really I kind of doubt this place can survive with these prices and that atmosphere.  The breads are brought in from Toronto, ditto the desserts - the only thing made on the premises in baked goods is the Pastel de Nata which was sold out, and we've had plenty of egg tarts before now.  The chicken was still turning on the grill at 4.pm.  Everything is overpriced unless you order from the take out menu.  Three stars is for the service and to give it the benefit of the doubt.
