5	I feel like I got lucky in finding Greg.  I originally hired him for some basic handyman stuff.  One of the items I asked him to look at was peeling and cracked ceiling paint - I suspected a leak.  He took a look and confirmed my roof needed some repairs.  We have a flat roof and I was thinking I had to hire someone who specialist in flat roofs but he went up there took pictures and sent a very detailed plan and estimate.  We set a date, he was right on time and not a dime more than his estimate originally stated.  The work on the roof was fantastic and he finished the job with more pictures.  I will absolutely continue to use Greg for the additional chores I have around the house.  It seems he can do it all and at a reasonable price. He is considerate and friendly and most of all, I feel, honest.  Now I just got to save some more money.  Thank you Greg.
3	Performed work as requested and as promised.  Very quick to communicate by email and phone.  The original phone price quote was significantly changed upon arrival and I was charged even a bit more than the final quote in the end, so ended up paying more than I expected to after work was finished.  Just make sure to get the quote in writing prior to work being completed; invoice did not detail parts or labor.
1	Greg came out to repair a roof leak in Nov 13. After assessing the situation, he told me that the area around our rooftop AC unit was improperly sealed. He said that he could seal it properly and guaranteed it would not leak anymore. He performed the work and we paid him. We have not had any appreciable amount of rain since the repair until last night. When we awoke this morning, we were astonished to see the same leak in the same place, except worse. And, it had caused some damage to the ceiling drywall. I have contacted Greg by email and requested that he stand behind his work by coming out and correctly performing the repairs. I have sent him photos, the original paid invoice and all of my contact information. I WILL AMEND THIS REVIEW WHEN HE RESPONDS AND POST THE OUTCOME OF OUR AGREEMENT. I am hopeful that he will live up to his statements here on his Yelp business page, proving that he cares about his customers satisfaction and he wants to do things the right way.UPDATE: Greg responded to my email and has decided to take the LOW ROAD. This is obviously one of those uneducated types that have to take peoples money and give pathetic service in return. REFUSED TO EVEN ATTEMPT TO MAKE THINGS RIGHT. BEWARE Yelpers YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED ABOUT THIS NOT HANDYMAN!!
1	Greg Knutsons was hired and paid to patch a hole in my stucco. 1st visit looked terrible, built up so high there was a huge lump, and it was crumbling off. called him back he attempted again it crumbled off on outside edges as it was painted and it still looked no better. this is the third and final repair "his words he wont be doing anymore on it, this is as good as it gets" and at this point he was very rude. he does not stand behind his work, and offered no refund so that I could have a professional do it. hes not a licensed contractor, and check the better business bureau.he claims bbb, and is not. dont use him,you are wasting your money as I did. please feel free to contact me if any questions. the picture is attatched to his page of what he left my wall looking like.
