4	This coffee bean has the perfect setting-it's in The District  a quaint shopping center and when the weather's nice it's a great place to sit outside and enjoy your beverage AND people watch which is always a win (there's a dude who brings his iguana pretty much every Saturday and just lets it sit out in the sun and hang out for hours. And there's a Liberace lookalike who frequents this location as well....).  The customer service is meh ok at this one but the ambience makes up for it. They have plenty of indoor and outdoor seating and it's a nice place to study or just hang out solo without feeling  weird about being there by yourself.
5	I wish we had these in Seattle. The atmosphere is great. Get the drink: Honey kissed. It's not on the menu, but they have been able to make it at the locations I visited.
4	I always wondered why the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf decided to open another shop in the district when they already had one inside the GVR food court. I know it is a foolish question to ask when Starbucks has one on every corner. The one difference between these two places is, I would not hesitate to buy a drink from CB&TL. I love a good cup of strong, black coffee. It is difficult to find when almost all shops have their generic version, that taste the same, so I rarely order it. Teas, this is where this place makes a big impact. Instead of having the prepacked bags that Starbucks have, Coffee Bean fills yours when you order. I have had them mix two flavors before and it is delightful. During the winter, they have winter dream and it makes for a marvelous tea latte. The dragon phoenix pearl is also amazing as a latte. Their pastry display looked amazing, but I did not try anything. Maybe next time.
4	Awesome location with friendly service. Love sitting outside and people watching. More expensive than Starbucks which is a little painful.
4	I have an issue with Coffee Bean. The drinks are so tasty and they don't offer a small size so I am forced to drink a big, yummy drink! Haha. Okay, so it's not really a bad issue, but I wish they did have three sizes instead of two, especially for the ice blended drinks. Usually they're too much for me to drink and I end up throwing away part of it.This particular Coffee Bean location is in The District and has a lot of outdoor seating. There are also misters, which make for a nice place to sit and enjoy the late afternoon/early evening, even in Vegas, if it is not too hot in the summer. Honestly I don't think they're any better or worse than Starbucks. They're just kind of an alternative. Yes, the drinks do taste a bit different, but not so much so that I would pick one over the other for which one I like better. Although Coffee Bean does have less of that big corporation vibe.I've never had an issue with service here. All the employees have been quite nice and tend to be on the younger side.AND Coffee Bean does a promotion for U.S. Soldiers to get them coffee. I don't know if they do it on a rotating basis or what, but two or three times I've been in this particular Coffee Bean they have offered customers the chance to purchase a bag of coffee beans for soldiers. You can write a note on the bag as well. Any company that's sending some good 'ol coffee to our boys is a good company indeed!
4	This was my first time experiencing Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf and so I was undecided what to try for my first experience. The girl behind the counter was so helpful with giving me recommendations and what her favorite drinks were. For my first drink (which she recommended)  was the English Breakfast sugar free iced tea latte. I LOVED IT!!! Not only was it absolutley tasty but they use my favorite ice (you know, the small little ice chips that just make your drink taste so much better :D) The employee even gave me the option of choosing another drink if I didn't like this one. Now I feel like I'm gonna find myself driving out of the way just to stop into try another drink.
4	Great place.  Good atmosphere, good staff, good size menu, and great drinks.  The quality of the drinks is outstanding.  I was a barista a long time ago and grew accustomed to high-quality hand-pulled espresso.  The Coffee Bean is one of the few places you can still get that.  No automatic machines that are unreliable and less than consistent.  The barista's here are trained well and are able to manipulate the machines in order to pull the best shot possible.I've been to better coffee shops in other cities, but this is as good as it gets in Vegas.This is a great place to sit and sip your coffee while people watching and a nice day.  I like pretty much every Coffee Bean location in town, but this is by far my favorite.
5	This is the little neighborhood 'it' place.  I seem to run into everyone here.  It is open early to feed my caffeine needs when I proctor an early morning exam on a Saturday, and open later than anything else (besides GVR and restaurants) when I need to meet someone.  Sunday I met a friend for a group project at 8.  Yesterday I was walking around to see the Halloween craziness and ran into Eric R. (yes, my own husband, but he had gone running and had stopped in CBTL because he saw one of our friends in line).  Once I got in, I saw 2 of Eric's coworkers in line too!  It was madness (and i was a fairy...people kept hitting my wings!! ahh)Anyway, this location is cooler than other CBTL locations because it has way more iced teas already brewed every day.  Most locations have 3 (black, green and flavored) but this one has at least 6.  I have lately preferred going grassy green with Genmaicha Green, but I have a soft spot for Japanese Cherry and when I feel like having them fresh brew me something, it is always the Vanilla Ceylon (drinking a cookie, but sugar and calorie free!)The manager Stacy is super nice as is the rest of the staff.  I shouldn't let out my secret but their granola tastes like it is laced with amaretto or some liquor.  It is really good (you can get it in a parfait or just by itself!)
4	Love this place!  the location and satff are awesome.  I love just going down here, grabbing my drink and sitting outside while people watching.  If it wasn't a chain establishment it would get 5 stars!
4	Originally I thought of Coffee Bean & Tea as a regular old coffee shop, nothing exceptional, with no reason for me to go there instead of that another well-known coffee selling franchise other then location. And then, I had the Red Velvet Hot Chocolate. I have never, EVER had a drink from a coffee shop that I enjoyed as much as this little taste of heaven. It's amazing. I can't even put my love for it into words... Apparently my red velvet nectar of the gods is a seasonal item, so get it while you can!The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf has quickly become one of my go-to spot in Henderson for meeting friends or business associates. There is ample seating, both inside and out. If you are a tea drinker, the selection is better then you will find at most coffee shops. The staff have always been friendly toward me and there is a nice selection of different foods to snack on.Definitely a great place to relax on your own or meet a friend for a chat.
4	I admit it...I'm jealous of Vegas. In my opinion they have the best of both worlds. All the stores I love from Northern and Southern California. Living in Northern where there's a Starbucks on every corner I was very excited to go to a Coffee bean and Tea Leaf since I only get to go when I'm in LA. I love that they have a large selection of fresh brewed coffee. On the day I went I think they have around 7. The baked goods look a lot better than the lifeless blobs you get at the neighborhood Starbucks. The staff was quick and friendly and I liked that they had several options for milk substitutes to add to you freshly brewed creation.
4	Probably prefer Coffee Bean over Starbucks, even though I buy both...I gave it 4 stars only because when I walked in, they had a board that displayed the current Four Square Mayor, who gets 40% off! Do they offer the same for Yelp?! Lol
5	This is my favorite place to go with anyone for anything
3	I work up the street from this place.  I was asking my co workers if I should make the walk.  I was feeling like a zombie, so I needed to caffeinate myself ASAP!  So I decided to make the trek to get some coffee.  I am not a star bucks person at all.  I'm all about Dunkin Donuts, which I like to correlate to being on team CoCo.  Dunkin Donuts is down the street but I have to get in my truck and drive.  I ordered an iced mocha latte and sat on the comfy couch and waited for my drink.  I shouldn't of sat on that couch because I didn't want to get out of it.  So I got my drink and I have to say it was pretty tasty.  I guess it better be because I spent $5 on it.  This place has a nice atmosphere and places to sit outside and "kick it" in the district.  I would definitely hang out here if I had a meeting.  The price seems bigger than Starbucks and is way more than Dunkin Donuts.  This will probably be my "I don't want to driver but really want a coffee drink" place to go.  Cheers!
4	I had some kind of delicious winter tea latte tonight, and it was worth all $7 it cost me to have it (after you tip $1 and donate $1 to childhood diabetes, it is an expensive trip walking around the District).I like going here, perhaps more than Sbux, but it's kind of out of my way. It definitely does a good job of getting you in the seasonal spirit, no matter what time of year. The summer teas are so yummy, and the fall and winter drinks are of course, divine. Plus you can get Desert Companion here! Score!Everyone also is super nice which I appreciate. 4 stars for tasty coffee and tea deliciousness!
4	best coffee around.
2	I don't normally review a Coffee Bean or even a Starbucks unless there's something really out of the ordinary worth sharing, really poor service, or to infinity and beyond type service. Obviously, based on my review I got poor service.  Walked in around 7 PM and they close at 9 PM.  Immediately, no one at the counter and no one to greet us.  Okay, I will just head to the counter and stand there, and stand there, and stand there.  Nothing from anyone until I just spoke to air and asked "are we closed?".  Got a response from someone behind me and asked me what I wanted.  We requested for a large White Mocha and a large Green Tea.  A minute or two later, the green tea was made.  Waited a couple of minutes and no white mocha.  To my disappoint, had to get up from where I was seating and asked about it.  The Manager made the comment that she thought she heard me order it.  Better late than never, but now I'm just irritated.  They didn't comp the drink and I didn't expect it. I wouldn't let them if they tried.  They did give me a 10% discount, which raised my 1 star to a 2.  For those that read my reviews, I rarely give 1 or 2 stars unless I was completely turned off.  Wasn't a good experience from the moment I walked in, stood waiting for service to them forgetting to make my coffee.  Right now 2 stars, but will probably be in the area again and willing to raise it if service is better.
3	Pretty quick trip to The Coffee Bean.  Came here after our lunch at Rachel's Kitchen.  It's no surprise that the District is packed, so I wasn't surprised to see a line in this coffee shop.  The staff was alright, nothing special.  One big turnoff was the fact that one of their own employees not working, was standing right by the drink pick up counter, eating a bagel.  She didn't necessarily block the area, however, you can tell she works there as she stood so close to the back bar.  To me, that's super unprofessional and a huge turn off.  Aside from that, I got the large chilled mocha and loved it.  Maybe next time I will get the smaller size as it ended up being super sweet by the end.  Thick, malty mocha with skim milk.  This drink is about $5.  Definitely a great choice on a hot spring day in Vegas.  Seems weird to say, but the smell of The Coffee Bean attracts me to this place more than Starbucks.  I can't describe it for sure, but I smell more of a gourmet coffee smell which I love.  If it weren't for the little incident I noticed, I would definitely give this place a higher rating.  I'll definitely return for a refreshing chilled mocha!
3	When The Better Half was looking for Coffee during our stay at GVR, she came here to get it.  When they got busy, it was very difficult for them to keep up with the volume of business and it became very slow.  The busier they got, you could tell the girl behind the counter was getting irritated with the customers.The Coffee was very good, just as we remember it.Return Factor - 60%
4	Yes, it's a chain.Yes, it's commercial.BUT I LOVE THIS PLACE.They make my all time favorite drinks... Cafe White Chocolate, Cafe Vanilla and Winter Dream Latte.
4	Muuuuuch better than Sbux. I really enjoy this place every time!
1	My negative review is because of price, not quality of coffee.  I LOVE CBTL coffee, but it's not a regular for me since I don't have easy access. Last weekend while I was at The District in Henderson,  I purchased a pound of Viennese and was shocked at the price but it was super busy and we had been waiting FOREVER I just wanted to wrap it up.  When the cashier verified that she rang it up correctly, I went ahead and paid.When I got home and checked on line for the same coffee, I realized I had paid $21.95 for a pound of coffee that from CBTL on line would have cost $13.95.  I called customer service at CBTL and was told that some locations can price however they want.  A call to the store itself confirmed that this was the case.  Would have returned it, but it was just far enough that I didn't want to make the trip.It was a lesson learned.The location is great and the coffee is good, but for me not worth the wait for an overpriced cup of coffee (ALWAYS a long line) and definitely not worth paying the inflated price for a pound of coffee.  I will buy on line when they offer free shipping.I will never support this location again.  Buyer beware...
4	If you haven't tried this place you must try it soon!  I was always an avid Starbucks customer but once I've tried coffee bean & tea leaf it was Starbucks no more.  yes I know it's another commercial coffee place but I swear Starbucks coffee quality has gone down for the past several years.I travel to and from the Bay Area every week for work and it saddens me that they have no Coffee Bean in the Bay Area, so when I'm in Vegas you will always find me here for my daily coffee drink.  The best part is they also have them all over the mccarran airport so I can always get my Coffee Bean fix before my flight.
4	I'm not someone who spends a lot on coffee. I don't have an addiction and I don't have a regular spot I go to get my occasional fix. With that said, this joint has been in my rotation over the last few years as a consistently good service, good coffee and pastry stop. I like the location (next to REI) and the chairs outside are on the "Village Walk" where you're facing a pedestrian only shopping area and not looking at a parking lot. That scores points with me.Come here on a spring morning in 70 degree weather and have a sit with a friend and you'll start your day off right.
5	I'm giving a five star because this is one of the few places in my area that serves almond milk for those that are dairy free. There's plenty of outdoor seating for peoplewatching. Music playing outdoors. Each visit to The Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf has been very enjoyable.
4	Just as good as a Starbucks, but not quiet.... just as expensive, but the pastry are better here.
5	This is a very nice location. There used to be one inside GVR. Did they get rid of or just remodel? Last time I checked, it was gone, so I never checked again.Anyway, I only come here for business meetings. I always get confused when it's time to order, because I venture that other coffee chain so much. But, this place is the Bees Knees, and does coffee and tea justice. I would never compare them. I will be here often for business meetings because of the convenience and it is very cozy and inviting. Have to stop by one day for personal reasons.
5	Friendliest staff of any coffee shop I've been to. They take the time to get to know you and your regular drinks. Multiple regulars are on a first name basis. There coffee is far superior to anything you get at Starbucks, and the food selection has something for everyone.
4	Usual Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf menu but much more laid-back than many other locations.  Usually lots of space to sit and enjoy your drink and the climate-controlled environment in the store.  Friendly staff, too.
5	Their Chocolate is divine; so creamy and smooooth! Whether you get a Pure Chocolate or a Blended Mocha you will be in Chocolate Heaven. I have even bought the chocolate powder for home and it never disappoints. It is so nice to shop the district with a mocha or pure chocolate in hand. I cannot walk by without stopping in :-)
4	7/19/14 currently the shop is closed for remodeling, but they have a temporary store set up outside. They're scheduled to reopen on Tuesday. It's a little hectic at the outside setup, but manageable.
3	This looks like every other Coffee Bean I've been to (someone needs to re-invest in a decorator and modernize these stores). Coffee is good, baked goods usually look generic and unappetizing. Nice outdoor seating (although since opening the street to traffic it's much less pleasant). If you've been to one Coffee Bean you've been to all...
5	Best stuff on earth. I'm a true green tea addict, but I've got to admit, more than my iced tea passion, it's the endearing and amazing staff that keep me coming back. I love starting my day with the presence of friendliness and smiles.
4	Love me some coffee bean! Love the variety of drinks and how quick they are. I have never received a drink that was made wrong, which is a huge difference compared to other coffee shops. My only negative is on a few occasions we have gotten an employee who tries to trick you into getting a larger size drink so you pay more. I now know who this employee is and know they are going to try and trick me, so I clearly point and repeat the size of drink I want. Even then they still say this size or this size, and I again have to point. So just watch out for the tricky employee, otherwise enjoy your yummy delicious drink.
3	Well, I was at this location two days ago. A little advice to the loud girl at the register (I won't mention your name because I don't want you to be fired during the holidays) in the hour I was there I heard you very loudly talk bad about kids, Mexicans, and church goers. (The kids, by the way were a part of a soccer team and mostly all bought drinks and gave you a lot of business.) You are free to like or not like whom ever you please, I just suggest that you don't do it while working for others. It's not fair to the owner or the franchise.
4	Great service, awesome location, free wifi, and did I mention great cup of joe (coffee for those of you what is Joe).  Recommend this to anyone who want to try something different other than Starbucks.  I only rank this location 4 out 5 stars because its free wifi service.  Sometimes it is spotty signal but most of the time you get great signal.  I prefer consistent great wifi service.
5	Always a nice place for an iced mocha and a bear claw.  Great if you enjoy sitting outside at The District.
5	Love this place! Great service, great drinks and great location. My husband and I can't stand Starbucks due to their horrible fake coffee drinks. Coffee bean makes their espresso drinks the old fashion way and you can actually taste the caffeine! Plus they know our drink order and we only come on the weekends. We love it!
