3	When I was growing up I remember walking into Dunkin Donuts and seeing the rows of sprinkled donuts, as well as smelling the freshly baked Boston Creme donuts. And sometimes in school, someone would bring in some munchkins and they were oh so yummy... especially the cake munchkins... YUM! Then sometime during middle school and high school, Dunkin Donuts waned in popularity and began to lose out to Krispy Kreme. Although it was not as popular as the raved about Krsipy Kreme, I remember the Dunkin Donuts outlet by ASU campus on Broadway, and how my friend Dani and I would say (after the gym) that if we could smell the donuts baking at Dunkin Donuts then we had a good workout, and if we couldn't then our workout was not as intense as we wish it was. Flash forward and Dunkin Donuts is back, it's become popular again moreso than Krispy Kreme. What I really like about the new Dunkin Donuts is their coffee which is really good, and I try to get a regular sized cup whenever I'm at DD which is not that common. I still buy 2 dozen donuts for my office at times, and I still get a good number of Boston Cremes, and their apple spiced donuts. Their crullers are ok, Krispy Kreme is way better. Overall, I'm glad there's a Dunkin Donuts nearby. Their ok donuts and are not too pricey... and I do like their coffee, so yay to Dunkin Donuts!
3	This is a tough one.  We've come here twice for their latte special this week.  Both times the coffee was not very good.  This was surprising given past experience with Dunkin coffee.  The donuts were fine (though they have a very limited selection).  I would give this two stars, but the staff is very friendly and helpful.  Unusually so, in fact, compared to other Dunkins we have visited.  So I felt I had to bump them a star for that.But for coffee I think we'll be visiting the other Dunkin near our office tomorrow.
1	I'm visiting from LA where there are no DD...I was used to them from my time on the east coast and super excited to have some DD coffee again. I got a decaf iced coffee with cream and it came out WHITE! I asked for more actual coffee in my coffee and I got major attitude. Fail all around.
1	Every time I get an ice coffee it ends up tasting completely different every single time and worse and worse. No matter who makes it.
