5	Ok, I don't know if I should love her or be mad at Bre.  I went again to get more cupcakes.  No wonder I need to get on Hcg every couple of months.  Her cupcakes and cookies are AMAZING.  We stopped yesterday by the North Scottsdale Farmer's Market (on Shea and 94th St.).  This was my first time at this Market.   My hubby stayed in the car with the twins and I walked around the market to check it out.  Out of the corner of my eye I spotted this beautiful cupcakes.   I thinks my brain has a radar to guide me to sweets.  I decided to get the Salted Caramel, 2 raspberry white truffle for the twins (we don't want to have battles over what color frosting they want) and a chocolate Euphoria for my hubby, I also got the Raspberry Thumbprint cookies.  When I got home the first thing I tasted was the cookie, OMG it was so buttery and delicious, I am sure I already gained 5 pounds just thinking about them.  My hubby didn't share his cupcake, I grabbed a mini bite while he was looking the other way.  I had a taste of the twins' cupcake, they had no choice.  Wow, these are some very moist, rich cupcakes.  The frosting for the raspberry was full of fruit.  Delicious!  I had to go back again to get some other flavors.  Good thing she told me she was going to be at the Scottsdale street fair by the Sports Authority parking lot on Indian Bend.  So, after we finished from a birthday party the twins had in the morning, we packed them back in the mini van and headed south.  This time I got 2 French Vanilla cupcakes, a Velvety Red and the chocolate Euphoria for the hubby.  I also got salted caramel cookies.  These cookies are addictive.  One of the things I really like is that she puts them in cups, so it is so easy for the twins to hold the cupcake and eat it.  Too yummy, I hope I can avoid her for a while.
5	I donated to Bre's Kickstarter campaign, and for my donation received a box of her delicious cookies. It was a sampler of four different flavors- lemon blackberry, salted caramel, pecan praline, and chocolate euphoria. The lemon blackberry cookie deserves its own paragraph. It was just the right size, truly a petite cookie, with rich shortbread and a blackberry thumbprint, drizzled with a lemon glaze. It was easily one of the best cookies I've ever had. The rest of them were also delicious- I didn't actually try the chocolate euphoria because chocolate's just not my thing, but my boyfriend said it was a good balance between a brownie and a cookie. I will definitely be buying more of Bre's baked goods in the future! I can't wait to try a cupcake.
5	Love all the delicious goodies!! And they have gluten free cakes that are delicious! Love the service. The owner Bre is so sweet.
5	Amazing bakery and if you're gluten free there is no other place to turn to for sweets and special occasions! Not to mention the presentation and professionalism is better than great!!! Really something extremely important to have at any special occasion!!
5	Delicious!!!! Love the variety of ideas for the cake pops and cakes. I like the fact that there's gluten free options as well!!!
5	I saw Haute Cakes reviews on Yelp and decided to see if they could make a German Chocolate Cake for my husband's birthday.  Bre was wonderful to work with and my husband, a self-professed German Chocolate Cake connoisseur, loved it!  I will definitely order cakes from Bre again!!  In addition to tasting wonderful, it was beautiful.
5	I recently worked with Bre on designing a cake for my grandmother's 100th birthday party. The cake was absolutely stunning to look at and was so delicious! It made many people happy that day, especially my grandmother. Not only was Bre fast but her attention to detail was outstanding. My grandmother's cake was five tiers and Bre made it look like a Chanel quilted hand bag decorated with dainty edible pearls. It was gorgeous! Another great thing about the whole experience, was that Bre was so incredibly nice. Her calm demeanor made the whole process stress-free for me and I could not have been any happier. I will definitely be calling Bre for any cake I need, big or small.
5	Bre is fabulous.   She made both my husband's and my birthday cakes.  The german chocolate is the best!!
