3	This cinema theater needs some love and needs it soon! The seats are old and are breaking down (inspect your seat if you can before committing to it for 2+ hours), the audio is bad, the lighting is too dark and the entrance too bloated on busy nights.I did a friend a favor driving to the West Island to watch a movie with him, he returned it by visiting the Colossus and even he had to agree on the difference of quality both cinemas have.Beware leaving as well as I was stuck 15 minutes to drive 500m to get back on the highway.What a mess.
3	First impression wasn't so good as I walked into this theatre and saw all the dirt on the signs displaying the movie titles outside.  If you put up the movie titles you would wonder why you wouldn't had some student scrub them clean in the summer on a zoom boom or scissor lift?As you enter in you see that the place is decorated with your regular kids fun!  Video games, wafting smell of popcorn in the air!  However one notices that the place looks a little dated!  We had our movie in room #10.  Other than the chairs being a bit less padded the sound and 3D was not too shabby!  Nothing to complain here!  As others have stated this place is crying for a refurb!  I wonder how movie theatres do these days in the age of Netflix and Hulu?  Then again,  this may be the reason a refurb has not been done!  You be the judge!
3	The first thing I noticed when entering this theater was how dark it is. It's obviously meant to put emphasis on the 6 posters they have on their walls and the arcade but it is still a tad annoying.The posters are dirty, the floor is covered with popcorn, the quality of the food is questionable and it's EXPEEEEENSIIIIIIVE. 11$ for a large drink and a medium popcorn? Say what?! WTF!Staff looks tired and miserable (except for the ushers). I heard managers are dicks to their employees as well.A lot of parking space, good amount of rooms, good movie selection, nice cheapie Tuesday prices, decent arcade and decent junk food to fill your stomach with and make yourself feel bad afterwards.Seats are TERRIBLE (my butt hurt after a 3 hour long movie :'( ). Audio quality is shit but everything else is "acceptable".
3	Location: West Island off the 40W. The place: First, I don't know if it's a matter of poor funding, but this place has extremely poor lighting. I mean, it's like walking into a cave. As such, I wouldn't say that this theater has very welcoming vibe to it. You'll find a bunch of arcade-type games to entertain your kid (or yourself, if you're really bored), and the usual movie theater snack food. And by snack food I mean way overpriced and terribly bad for you. Popcorn is probably the better option, unless you prefer pre-packaged bags of sugar - err, I mean candy. Overall, the place is pretty dated, the seats aren't very comfortable (inspect your seat before sitting down to make sure you can tolerate it for 2 hours), the audio is bloody awful (as in, deafening, in some rooms), and the screens seem small. Lastly, the staff seems somewhat robotically disgruntled, and they don't always seem to clean up the theaters between movies. General: They do have several rooms and offer a variety of the latest and greatest movies. That said, if you go on cheapy Tuesdays, it'll be pretty packed so beware - not only will the theater be full, but you'll need to exercise patience when attempting to drive out of the lot too.  Bonus: If you want to do some shopping before the movie (or after, depending on what time it finishes), there are a bunch of outlet stores in the same strip mall.
