5	Now, I know there are science centers in every major city. But right here in downtown Phoenix, we've got one that's world class. The Arizona Science Center holds more than 40,000 square-feet of gallery space and over 300 hands-on exhibits. Great for the kids, the relatives, even for a unique first date. Here on limited engagement, the Body Worlds3 exhibit is an amazing collection of 200 authentic human specimens! Not for the faint (and probably not for younger children without a lot of explanation), the display include skeletons, individual organs, transparent body slices, as well as entire bodies.
4	The Science Center has a lot of great things to offer.  I recently went for one of their "Adult Night Out" presentations -- this is a series of speakers and/or presentations tailored for a more mature crowd.   They hold them the first Friday of every month (which coincides nicely with the Artwalk).  Their normal displays need  to be updated or rotated a bit more often.  I've been there several times since last winter -- and they have not changed out the displays once.  They get additional points for the BodyWorld exhibition and planetarium (but these are extra charge).  I also wish they could offer validation for parking -- as it can get pretty expensive.
3	Sorry, I wasn't impressed with this museum.  I do think it's a worthy effort for such an institution and Phoenix should be glad to have it.  But after seeing Body Worlds this past weekend, I was disappointed with how disorganized the entry process was, and think it could be run better.The exhibit itself was great.  Very crowded.  Tasteful presentation.  However, the Arizona Science Center seemed really understaffed and signage on where to line up (for entry to the museum AND entry to the exhibit) was very unclear.  In its defense though, the space is stark, modern and very fitting for a science museum.  It's regular collection looked interesting (but did not have time to see it).  Great use of space, and I'll go back at some point.BTW, my parking was validated.
4	The first time I took my son to the Science Center, he enjoyed it so much that I decided it was more than worth it to buy us a membership.  It has proven to be a great decision, because there is almost always something that's fun for us to go see to kill an afternoon.  There's usually an exhibit worth peeking at, or a new IMAX movie.The static part of the museum is really nothing major.  It's fun the first time around, but then once you've seen it all, there's not much to go back for besides the play room and the dancing magnets (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_p_AijTtlc  which by the way have totally hijacked that song at the start, in my mind.  It cracks me up and I could watch it for ages). Today we saw the Titanic and Dinosaur exhibits.  The Titanic was really pretty interesting.  Tons of actual artifacts and recreations of various rooms.  The weirdest thing to me though was the recreation of an iceberg.  Anyone here not know what ice looks like?  Anyway, it was fun and something pretty neat to see.  And did you know that all the items that are down there have actually had their chemical makeup changed by the pressure and lack of oxygen down there?  And that they'll fall apart or even explode if simply brought up to surface?  Well I didn't, so I consider the afternoon a success, having learned something new.Two of the more interesting bits of the exhibit:  the "boarding passes" that we were given with names of real passengers (of course I was in first class).  At the end of the exhibit, there is a wall with the names of all passengers and whether or not the survived.  My son survived, the traveling companions listed on my pass survived, but alas, I succumbed to the cold waters of the Atlantic that night.  Also, there was a lady all dressed up "in character", sitting on a bench reading a book.  I think I want that job even more than I want Gabi's job. The dinosaur exhibit was... well kinda lame.  Big dinosaur robot things that sort of jiggled and swayed around.  We were naughty and touched one, and it kind of gave me the creeps.My kid's review:  "The Science Center is good for families, but after you go there once, you don't really know what else to do besides go to whatever special they're having.  The Titanic was really good.  Science Center gets 4 stars.  Titanic gets 5 stars"
4	I gave this 1 more star than it really deserves because I could sit and stare at the dancing magnet shavings for hours as well. =) My bf had to tear me away or else we wouldn't have time to see the rest of the museum!I'm from the CA Bay Area and we have pretty darn impressive museums in SF, so what made me want to see one in Phoenix? One word: Forensics. They had a "CSI" type of exhibit, and although I'm not a fan of the show, I thought it'd be cool to go since I'm so enthusiastic about forensic science.  I was quite disappointed perhaps because they had everything that I already knew (life cycle of a blow fly), stages of decay, etc. But also because it was quite small in size.  For the kids it was pretty awesome with all the maggots and bugs, and if you're a fan of the show, maybe. *It's gone now though. i didn't join Yelp until recently*I must say that they utilized as much space as they could with 3 stories.  My bf and I had a blast at the different exhibits, especially the Physics themed one with pulleys and puzzles.  Other than that, I think I wouldn't go back unless they had some cool new exhibit.Given its location, I think the residents of Phoenix might enjoy one visit to the Science Center just to see what it's about...For tourists, I'd suggest going to a different museum.PROS: Fun exhibits, good for kids/teensCONS: Small, once you go, you've seen it all, not worth going again unless something spectacular is happening.
3	The Arizona Science Center offers a series of programs called adult's night out  which are held the first Friday of every month. These lectures cover focused overviews on topics ranging from Genetics and Nanotechnology to Native American medicinal utilization of native plants found in the Southwest. There is always interesting science or engineering content but the value and interest of the talks is essentially the somewhat direct non-mass-media poisoned or dumbed down views of the individual speakers themselves. While I would attend the talks regardless I have found additional value in the evening because of the extended hours that the science center offers which allows you to catch an IMAX film and see the latest flavor of exhibit (Body Worlds, Titanic, etc.) after the lecture. I would have loved to have given the Science Center 4 stars but I am constantly annoyed by the science center's staff inability to get one of the three microphones set up correct for the speakers ahead of time causing a speaker to waste 5-10 minutes every month.Beer and wine are available for purchase during the event. The adult's night out lectures are free, normal planetarium, IMAX, and special exhibit prices still apply.Arizona Science Center Web Site:www.azscience.orgAdult's Night Out:www.azscience.org/adults_night_out.php
5	Went to go see the Grand Canyon IMAX show.  It was so good!  3D and everything.  I keep telling all my friends to go check it out!
4	Did the general admission pass at the Arizona Science Center + the Black Holes show at Dorrance Planetarium with my little brother earlier this afternoon. General admission exhibitions were pretty neat - four floors filled with interactive learning exercises for kids, although I must admit I did learn a few things myself. He's almost 8 and he enjoyed maybe 60-70% of them. Some weren't working, and the rest were 'kind of lame' (for younger kids).The black hole show in the planetarium was very cool. First half was basically a documentary narrated by John de Lancie (Q from Star Trek) with really interesting facts and amazing graphics. Second half was hosted by one of the local astronomers - very funny guy - who basically broke down the night sky and all the constellations for us, and threw in quite a few fascinating myths and legends of various cultures. Worth checking out.Oh, also learned a new word I've just got to share: "spaghettification". Technically, it describes how you would be stretched like spaghetti should you ever find yourself passing within a black hole's event horizon (not recommended). But I've been secretly brainstorming other uses for it all day.
4	The AZ Science center is great for kids which is why Adult's Night Out is twice as good!I checked out the science center at last nights first Friday of the month "adults only night".  Not only was admission free but they validated out parking making it free as well.  We were able to check out all of the exhibits with little or no wait and with adults only it was much less hectic than on a regular day.
3	I will not tell a lie. I went for Adult's night because libations were to be served. Well they lied, their was not any "ADULT" type drinks. I wanted to see the Planetarium show but we missed it. Thats the only thing I would come back for period. The best thing was the "Weather Demo" it cooled me off and made me hot at the same time almost like an x love and the worst part is you will never get the time you spend here back. I'd say if you have a toddler they would enjoy the AZ Science Center that is all.
4	I've been here a few times and went again last night for Adults' Night Out.  I thought the weather exhibit was pretty cool, except for the rain part.  I mean, it was Friday night and MY HAIR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Good thing I picked up The New Times to cover my head with.I also went for Body World about a year an a half ago.I love the set-up of the museum.  It's easy to navigate.  The people who work there *really* dig their jobs.  I ran into the projectionist after the exhibit at the Rose and Crown.  He seemed pretty happy!I live so close, I should get a membership, but I'm afraid of commitment.
4	What the hell happened to beer and wine and free appetizers at Adults' Night Out?!!  Although I didn't always partake, it was nice to know it was there if I needed it.  Adults' Night Out is offered the first Friday night of each month after closing.  It's free to visit the exhibits and attend a lecture.  There's also an IMAX showing or Planetarium presentation that you pay extra for.  And the best part-it's child free!!!!!This last week was the first time my husband and visited the new Dorrance Planetarium.  It's state-of-the-art and a great show.  Neal was our presenter, and I have to say, he is absolutely hilarious.  Although we did watch a recorded film on black holes, part of the presentation was history and stories related to various constellations.  Neal catered the lecture somewhat to the fact it was Adults' Night, and there was some more adult material.  I felt like I was at a comedy show with special effects.  Now, if only they can do something about the beverage situation.
3	Great for kids due to the interactive qualities of the exhibits.  My niece and nephew really enjoyed the Gross Human Body exhibit (or something like that).  As an adult, I really liked the IMAX movie regarding the rivers of the Grand Canyon.  I tried watching 3-D once when I was younger, and I was not able to experience the depth perception then.  Guess the new toric contact lenses have greatly improved my eyesight!I recently received a calendar of upcoming events, and while I was not able to partake in the center's previous events due to the child-friendliness of said events, I am looking forward to the Adults' Night Out and Science Cafe features.
4	Wow , this place has just revamped many of their exhibits and boy are they fun. It is time to get busy and learn science principles at the same time.  From the new exhibit  Digital world,  to  Forces of Nature  and the Planetarium , the Science Center is packed with hands on displays  for kids of all ages to explore.   You have to try the bed of nails!! Really a bed of nails. I just spent the evening a  free teacher's workshop to learn more about what the museum has to offer and it seems like they have more than ever to  explore. Teachers if you go to the  workshop  you can get a free teacher's membership for the year! Sweet Deal. The Planetarium just  upgraded to a special screen that is state of the art and is found only in 4 other places in the world.  You can observe galaxies, planets, learn  about the position of stars in the night sky .It was very impressive.  They also have an Imax theater with several choices of movies.  And for you Trekkies out there , they just opened up a Trekkie exhibit.  Live Long and Prosper!
4	i think the arizona science center is pretty cool.i've only been here a few times...and unless something really really cool is going on..i will not make it a point to come back often. but it's cool factor is high enough to give it 4 stars instead of just give it 3.this place is seriously allot better with a beer in your hand. trust me.
5	A recurring theme of my childhood was "DON'T TOUCH THAT!"  "PUT THAT DOWN RIGHT NOW" and "SO HELP ME, I WILL RIP OFF YOUR LITTLE ARMS AND LEGS".  Ok, that last one might not be totally related, but clearly, I'm scarred.  For some reason as soon as you tell me not to touch something, I'm all "TOUCHY TOUCHY TOUCHY!"  and that does not work in most museums!  They get really pissy if you reach for the Mona Lisa.  So the Arizona Science Center is PERFECT for those who share my tactile proclivities.  YOU CAN TOUCH EVERYTHING! For those who are germ phobic, plenty of hand sanitizing stations to keep you clean.We spent about 4 hours, you could go longer with older children, but if you have toddlers that might be your max.  You can leave and come back with the wristband, in spring or fall it would be perfect to go in the AM, have a picnic, and then come back for additional visits.The Planetarium and the IMAX, as well special exhibits like the Star Trek the Exhibition.  We paid extra for the IMAX and Star Trek, but decided we didn't have time for the Planetarium.  That is on my must go back for list.   The Star Trek exhibit was good - but I'm a geek, so I wouldn't recommend it for a non-Trekkie.  I thought it was well worth it.  The IMAX was also great - my mom loved it since it was about Santorini, Greece, and she's been there.  But the highlight for me were the hands on exhibits.  All of them were great - and I actually learned some stuff!  I could go on and on about each of them, but I really think if you like cool stuff, touching things (THINGS, NOT PEOPLE) and have a sense of adventure and wonder, you would really enjoy a day here.Note:  Until April 2010 you can get up to 4 free admissions with the Culture Pass, I think those are only good for the general admission, I doubt it includes the special parts, but still a great deal!
4	We went for Adults' Night Out. They have it every First Friday from 5:30-9. It's free and there are no kids. Woo hoo! It was fun getting to play with everything without having to be the nice mature adult and let the kids at it first. Unfortunately, I didn't get to try this out when there was alcohol and apps, but we still had a great time. The weather area was pretty cool and they have a Lego play area right now for that small exhibit . The dancing metal shavings were awesome. I want one of those things! The lecture is free, but the planetarium is not.There's a light rail stop a couple of blocks west of the Science Center if your riding t west if you don't want to drive here and look for parking.
3	I enjoy the science museum. Interactive fun is always the best way to learn, but i always feel as if their can be more exhibits and better use of space. Maybe its the architecture but it just feels as if the place is bare. What they do have is interesting and really may depend on the specific exhibits that are showcased on how much you enjoy it.
4	I am a big fan of hands on science-y things. I used to volunteer at San Jose's Tech Museum of innovation (check it out!) every week for 2 years and I was never bored. So when yelp told me there was a hands on science place in Arizona, I had to go.Pros -1. It's big! It has 4 floors and about 4-5 galleries.2. It's very interactive. Somehow, they manage to make sure each exhibit has a button you can press or a panel you can lift.3. Kid friendly. Bring your kids. But not the bratty ones. Those can stay at home.4. Variety. It had a gallery on construction, a Lego gallery, one of the sun, and some psych related stuff! =)Cons -1. Parking. It's either expensive meters or the parking garage (go for the garage and get your ticket validated)2. It's not expensive, but it's not super cheap. I think it was $12/adult, which is alriiight.Overall, it's a good place to explore, but once is good enough for me.
4	The Irene P Flinn Theater is  great. I went to see Sharks 3D here yesterday. I wasn't scared.
2	Alright.  I'm going to be the bad guy and give the AZ Science Center a 2 star rating.  In my mind, the key to a successful hands-on exhibit is:1. Demonstrate a cool science topic with a "wow" factor that grabs my attention2. Now that you've got my attention, explain *what* just happened, and *why* it happened.  TEACH ME SOMETHING.The exhibits in this museum are SEVERELY lacking in the second half.You have to understand I'm a 5-year old science geek at heart.  Which means I love to play with toys, but I also love to find out what makes the toys tick.Push down on this platform and a smoke ring ejects from a big box.  Wow that was cool.  What made that happen?  Oh, no explanation, I guess I'll move onto the next exhibit...Pull on the rope positioned higher on the lever and it's easier to move than pulling on the rope positioned lower.  Wow, that was cool.  What made that happen?  Oh, no explanation, I guess I'll move onto the next exhibit...Turn on a light that projects an upside-down image through a lens and appears right-side-up on the wall.  Wow, that was cool.  What made that happen?  Oh, no explanation, I guess I'll move onto the next exhibit...You can see the pattern here.Another big beef I had was that there were way too many stations for kids to just play with legos or draw with crayons or make origami.  "This is how a house is built.  Draw a house on paper with crayons..."  The most egregious in this category was the Ford sponsored Robots gallery.  Lots of playing with dominos, drawing with crayons, and reading quotes from your favorite movie robots.  That's it.  No joke.  Nothing informative at all.  And I stupidly paid extra for it.  I'm sure that with a good rotating exhibit, the museum would have garnered a third star from me.By far the saving grace of this museum is the live demonstrations, where they do actually teach you something while wowing you with such things as exploding fireballs.  But honestly, the museum itself felt like a big playground for kids with ADD to run amok.  I know some people are going to think "It's a museum for kids, it's supposed to be that way."  Well, that's true to an extent, but the museum should be both fun AND INFORMATIVE, not fun and pointless.  You might as well take your kid to a Chuck E Cheese for fun and pointless.  At least they might walk away with a back scratcher or a kazoo, as opposed to walking away with nothing...
2	I was excited about going here. My girlfriend and I took her daughter last week. I think its great for kids. We thought there would be lots of things for everyone but mainly geared towards kids. Other that the stuff they always have there, they do have exhibits that come thru for a few weeks or months and those are cool and tend to be a little more for the adults. Anyway I feel this place needs more exhibits for adults to enjoy. Glade that I went but not sure ill be back.I wish I had more to say about this place but I just was not impressed.
5	Don't be fooled into thinking the Arizona Science Center is just for kids. I've been both with my nephew and with fellow "big kids" aka adults. Every time I go, I have a blast and it's not necessary to borrow your friend's child in order to find an excuse to go. The Science Center is equivalent to some of finest science centers across the nation with their state of the art technology, interactive exhibits and activities for all ages. During past visits, I've enjoyed traveling exhibits like the Titanic exhibit years ago. As you entered, they gave you a piece of paper with a name on it. As you walked through the exhibit you looked for the name and learned about who the person was. Then at the very end, there was a wall full of names and you got to see if the name they gave you survived or not. Even though I was a history major in college, I learned several new facts in this exhibit and it was extremely interactive and educational with fun mixed in! Currently, they have an exhibit called "Forces of Nature" where you can learn about different weather patterns, climates and how weather happens. In the middle of the exhibit you can walk up onto a stage-like area where you experience different weather patterns interactively. I won't give it away, but you could get stuck in some rainy weather! Just recently, I was giving a super secret sneak peak into the brand new exhibit launching on 9/27 called "All About Me." They've been working on this exhibit for at least a year if not longer and it certainly shows! The amount of thought and energy they put into each exhibit is incredible and it's an extremely dynamic experience. Throughout the exhibit, I "x-rayed" a body and learned about different body parts, I entered a stomach and discovered the ins and outs of the digestive system (no pun intended) and there was even an intestine slide to take a ride down. I placed my hands hands on a censored area and a drum beat to the rate of my heart! Needless to say, the exhibit excited me and while I definitely am still a kid at heart, it was the adult in me who couldn't wait to come back and explore some more. Before I go, I want to share some other favorites that the Science Center offers...the Imax and Adults Night Out! They have a state of the art, full size Imax theater on site and they show movies like Under the Sea. I am a big fan of the Imax and have been swept away into different worlds many times here. Adults Night Out is just that, where you can explore the exhibits, attend an Imax show and have a fun night out sans any children! I also heard a rumor that they might be bringing alcohol back during these nights! Let's wait and see. :)
3	I thought this museum was good, not great.  I'd say it's mostly for kids, for one thing.  Also, some demonstrations were not working & there was an extra charge of $5 for the current featured exhibit.  The IMAX theatre also costs extra.If you can only visit one museum right now, I'd send you to the Arizona Museum of Natural History instead.  It's pretty awesome!    :-))Arizona Science Center is open 10-5 except Christmas & Thanksgiving.Adults:  $12Seniors 62+:  $10Children 3-17:  $10
4	After living in Arizona for close to five years, I finally made my way to the AZ Science Center. A friend was visiting from out of town and had to decide between here and the DBG. Once we found our way to DTPHX, we got a parking spot and headed in. I guess they're doing construction or something because there's a temporary entrance, but it wasn't difficult to find. We paid our way and cruised around the current exhibit which is called "Races". While there were quite a few families there, I wouldn't say it's solely for children. My friend and I had a pretty good time and there are a lot of interesting exhibits and demonstrations. We spent probably a good two hours there, and we didn't visit the IMAX or planetarium (which is an extra cost). I'm not sure if I would come back, not because it was bad, but I'm sure things don't change too drastically. But it is a fun place to get out of the sun for an afternoon if you've never been.
2	Disappointing. They spend all their money on the major travelling exhibits (Body Worlds, Narnia), so the rest of the exhibits look a little old and uninspired.
4	You'll notice a huge age discrepency, really young kids and then there are the adults of all ages.  So I give credz to any insitution that tries to keep kids engaged in using their minds  vs getting their game on in the mall.I love science museums, making a point to attend in any big city I travel to.  The exhibits seem lacking (even in simple terms) of the magic behind the science... hence probably why the feedback this place is so kids orientated.
3	After visiting the Detroit Science Center this place really wasn't a huge draw. This place also offers IMAX and a planetarium but its more money on top of the already 12 dollar ticket price. At the Detroit Science Center it was 13 dollars for everything.They had an interesting exhibit on race but I feel like it wasn't hands on enough to get the little kiddies interested. I was with my mom and she was bored to death. Too much reading and the videos they had of those scientist talking um can you say boring if you aren't in class.I felt like the other exhibits on the 3rd floor wasn't too interactive but the other floors had interesting stuff and I would bring my future kids here. They have exhibits on being green, music, the earth, physics, biology, building houses, etc. I like the little lectures they offer. The people who work here are really friendly/bored.
2	The exhibits were standard science material.  The few unique exhibits were very underwhelming.  The Race exhibit seemed like a huge waste of space.    The Digital world might have been interesting in 1999 .  How will America jump to the forefront of science and techonology when our science centers produce this kind of fodder. I believe they were under construction on the facade so maybe something better will come on the horizon.
2	The body worlds exhibit was great if you can get thru it in 1-1/2 hrs. Forget any appointments after 3pm--you will be rushed and not worth your money. Don't purchase the $5 audio phone unless you have 5 hrs to spend there, the dialogue is informative but much too long to accomodate time limits. I am sure this is because the science center wants you to come back 2-3 more times to listen to it all--NOT GONNA HAPPEN! We are members and don't appreciate being pushed to come back 3 times to see the entire exhibit, leave the center open until everyone has finished if you are going to schedule late appts like thisNot happy at all
4	I will be upfront in saying that I have worked for the Arizona Science Center as a Summer Camp Instructor, so my review may be biased.The ASC has a beautiful facility. True, some of the exhibits are better than others, but each exhibit has a goal of education in mind. I've found that children get the most out of the ASC when their accompanying adult takes the time to talk to them about what they are experiencing (even if it means reading the sign next to the display), rather than just letting the kid run around like a maniac. The ASC also has an awesome planetarium which is definitely worth checking out, along with the IMAX theater.I most recently visited the ASC for their educator preview of Body Worlds. The Body Worlds exhibit alone is worth visiting the Arizona Science Center, if only to open your mind to the complexity of your body. (Don't be ignorant! Learn something for a change!)What makes the ASC so great in my opinion is what they do for continuing science education. Have you ever had the opportunity to take a course at the ASC? Or a summer camp? The Arizona Science Center goes out of its way to make it an incredible learning experience for you or your child. They have rooms in their basement packed full with science equipment, alongside other enormous rooms where they build the next exhibit. ASC's goal is to educate Phoenix (children and adults) about science and nature. This means that the Arizona Science Center will continue to grow and prosper as Phoenix does - therefore we can only look forward to bigger and better things!
4	A very cool museum in downtown Phoenix.  I was surprised and pleased to see them host an exhibit on race.  It was fairly well done and very interesting.  I was mostly surprised because in a state full of bullshit racist policies against Latinos, there was discussion of institutional racism, white privilege, and the costs of both issues on a society.The other exhibits were fun, but large parts of the museum were closed for renovation, which was disappointing.  I'd be interested to see what exhibits they have next time I'm in town.
3	It wasn't as sciencey as I had expected, but it was still pretty cool. What I really enjoyed was the theater in the middle of the first floor that exhibited science lab experiments for kids. I've been to better science centers, but the design of this place was definitely pretty cool!
4	I hadn't been to the Science Center in probably 4 1/2 years, the last time Bodyworlds came to town. Yesterday, I experienced it again with my now-five-year-old son. Since we went for the reduced evening fee, we were only able to get an 8:15 pm entrance into the exhibit, giving us more than two hours to explore the rest of the center. My son was pumped, and we spent nearly that whole time on the first floor. He is a Lego fanatic, so 30 minutes with Legos, building an intricate house with a backyard nearly killed me...but I digress. After herding him into the rest of the first floor, the fun began. Luckily, my son is very bright and inquisitive, so he did more than just push buttons on interactive exhibits. He learned.It took a bit of effort to pull my son from the rest of the activities into Bodyworlds, but he got there and was very good in the crowded, hot, and close spaces. We looked at everything, and I gave him a little instruction at each piece. Thankfully, I had prepped him prior, so he had cursory knowledge of body parts and how things work together. Also, his father is a nurse, so I'm sure he'd heard a few things there as well. One of the things I like so much about the AZ Science Center is the interactivity. I've taken my son to the Children's Museum of Phoenix a number of times and that just feels like playing. Here, it feels like learning disguised as playing. And, to me, that's the best way to get a child to learn. I'm thinking a membership is in our future.
4	Love body worlds! Can't wait to go back!  Puts a new spin on how you view the body.  I'm donating my body to science now.
2	Bus load, after bus load, after bus load of kids with few adults to manage them.  Holy cow, what a disaster.  Throwing balls, running kids, and no adults from the schools nor enough science museum staff to manage it all.  This was quite an annoying experience, and hard to enjoy the exhibits.  They really need to get this under control.
4	Took the family to Body Worlds today. All I can say is.... Get there early .... lots of attendees ... very crowded. Very educational ... wonderful displays. Highly recommend getting the audio tour.
5	Fabulous exhibit in a beautiful building at a museum that is a non-profit organization adding so much to our downtown Phoenix!!!  What more can I say....I went to the BodyWorld exhibit early one morning during the week because I heard they can have a long line.  No line and it wasn't overly crowded.  (They only allow so many people in at once.)I found the exhibit a true art form.  I watched the 5 minute video of how they preserve the bodies and what goes into the poses and am amazed.  I think the audio is a must for $5 more.   I learned a lot and would go back. Oh, that's right.... I am...for the Annual Yelp Party!I have to say if I had children I would definitely take them to expose them to this amazing insight to our bodies.  A young Mom was there with a 4 year old & was explaining to her daughter what she was seeing, I have great admiration for parents that expose our youth to the arts and sciences, you go MOM!
4	The Ultimate Yelp Party 2011 was a smash hit. Great Food....Great Drinks....Great Music....Great Exhibits...Great Entertainment....Great Activities.....Great Staff.....Did I say everything was great.....LOL....Well I have to say I had a GREAT time as well. There is nothing in the world quite like a Yelp party....and once again the staffers at Yelp did not disappoint. Now the only reason I gave it 4 stars had nothing to do with the establishment.....or any of the other GREAT things I mentioned earlier...I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because we had to pay for parking which we didn't have to do at the Botanical Gardens last year.....and Secondly because the Botanical Gardens Party last year was GREAT....GREAT....and REALLY GREAT. Now with all that being said Yelp done a great job as usual....and I am looking forward to Next year's Ultimate Yelp Party. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	I love this place.  It had been a while since my wife and I visited the Arizona Science Center, but we had to go when the Body Worlds and The Brain exhibit came to Phoenix.   Fascinating and amazingly preserved human bodies.  This is the first time my wife has encouraged me to look at naked women.  Honestly, if you have a chance to visit before the exhibit leaves town, go.  Soon.  Now would be good.  This special engagement will be gone after May 31, 2011.There are a number of regular exhibits that are geared toward kids, many of them hands-on.  Several school bus loads of kids were there when we visited.   We did not spend much time near those areas.  You might try the late afternoon/evening, especially if you have your own young ones.  We returned again at a special event for adults only.  The "kid" zones can be entertaining for adults too.  Though, to a lesser degree.The Dorrance Planetarium was oh, so cool.  Literally.  After rubbing shoulders with the mobs of people it was nice to just sit and "chill" in this well conditioned room.  I highly recommend the "Black Holes" presentation.  Unless....like my wife, you experience MoTiOn SiCkNeSs.  In which case it's a nice cool place to shut your eyes for a spell.  Though we did not see the Roller Coaster presentation I would expect that to have a similar effect.   The special exhibits are what draws us back to the Arizona Science Center.  From the Titanic to Body Worlds, the diversity of scientific topics and the creative ways they are presented continues to fascinate.
4	What a fabulous place.  We had a blast last night and we can't wait to come back with the twins.
4	Went for the Yelp Ultimate Science Fair, and this place was really sweet.  I think we had the most fun playing around in the Human Body area.  There were many great exhibits though.  I look forward to going back sometime when I have more time to fully experience this place!
1	It was very disappointing to wait in line for one hour to buy a ticket for Body Worlds and then to find out at the ticket counter we'd need to wait over 2 more hours to get into the exhibit. Why no sign or greeter at the door to let us know that it would be 3 hours total wait? Big miss on their part and more than a few irritated people.
4	As a whole, ASC is a great science museum. The Body Worlds exhibits first struck me as a little macabre, but after experiencing them, found it extremely interesting and educational. My only suggestion would be that they update the permanent exhibits a little more often. We go about twice a year, which keeps it interesting for my young daughter, but my wife and I are tired of seeing the same old same old time and time again. For what they charge for admission, I'd expect more in this respect.
5	We used to have a membership here, and we loved it then. We would bring the kids, and although they don't have a TON of stuff for little ones, it was a very happy medium for us fact-hungry parents. We had passes and would bring friends with us all the time who loved it.We went again, just the two of us, for the Yelp event. And it was amazing. I loved the little hands on exhibit that they had, and the way they have the exhibits set up is just so perfect. We are now DYING to try out the bike ride, cable thing. And the planetarium is just... breathtaking. Loved it. The staff is always great, and they are so knowledgeable!The one downside is that not only are they kinda pricey for the whole family, but then they charge for the extra exhibits on top of it. If me and my little family of 4 wanted to check out everything, it would easily cost us a hundred bucks. But even with that, the planetarium and staff pull my rating all the way up to 5 stars. You can see the prices online, and it's not geared to very small children. But if you want something specifically for them, try the children's museum. All in all, what a great addition to our blossoming city!
4	Very cool venue for the Yelp event. Such a good time playing with the exhibits and savoring the tasty bites! Well done yelp!
5	Went to the Ultimate Science Fair held by Yelp. It was awesome. Tons of great people...walked out super toasty and full from yummy foods! Thanks Yelp!
4	Review #799 "There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist."Mark TwainI don't mind getting older but, I wanna have fun and stay young (at heart) forever.  That's why I love places like the Arizona Science Center.  It's a great place for kids to learn and play, and adults to... learn and play... and watch their kids having fun while learning.  Sure, a lot of the exhibits are geared towards kids but unless you're the next Einstein, an adult will learn a lot too.  You just have to open your mind to the fun.  Or go on 'adult night' for kid-free fun. keke  I went for the the elite event a few weeks ago so I didn't get to explore the whole museum but, I'll definitely be back.  In the meantime, my favorite exhibit is the Bed of Nails (dadadummmmm).  The only note is that, while most of the exhibits were awesome, a few could use a lil maintenance.  They probably just get a lot of harsh kid use! hahaNext time I go... I wanna do the bicycle on a high wire thing!   Wootwoot!See ya there!
4	Loved coming here for a recent Yelp event!  I haven't been here in a few years.  It's definitely a museum for older kids, so my little ones won't be visiting here for a few years.I was able to finally visit Body Works.  What an interesting exhibit!!  I have only heard good things about it.  I, personally, had a bit of a reaction to it, but it was very interesting.  I just couldn't get over the fact that these bodies once were mothers and fathers or children.  It was particularly hard for me to see the babies and development of a fetus.  I'm glad I went, but I don't know if I would go again.  It was a bit sad for me to see.I think this is a good museum, but since I grew up in Chicago, I am used to bigger and better museums.  I wish we had more here, but it is a good place for older kids.
5	Wow... what a great time at he yelp event.!!! Very impressive night.
2	Man, the science center has gone downhill! I went last night when waiting to eat at bianco. We saw body world, which was cool, but the rest of the center was pretty empty in comparison to how I remember it from about 5 years ago when I last went. First of all, this place is expensive! and I do not know why cuz they've had the same exhibits for years and years and the exhibits seem to be more stripped down than they used to be. I mean really? an exhibit on building a house? How much more boring can an exhibit be? The Body world was cool, but it didn't have the really cool body with the horse... I wish they had had that. Also, it cost extra on top of the science center fee and you can't JUST buy the Body worlds.... I thought that was lame. Overall, maybe kids will still like this place, but I found it to be severely lacking, for as much as they charge they need to get some new exhibits or new materials in their exhibits.
4	Body Worlds!  Definitely worth seeing if you have the chance. The way they have preserved and displayed these bodies is pretty much dumbfounding. If you haven't attended med school, you'll learn something about your body without being grossed out.I went at noon on a Saturday and it was a bit crowded, though not really a bit deal. Some exhibits I didn't have the opportunity to scrutinize as much as I would have liked. Most were fine though. My favorite part: seeing the suspended artery networks!
5	Simply the best! I was there for the yelp event but could have spent the night I just couldnt get enough.There is so much to explore and learn! I enjoyed laying on the bed of nails, and moving the ball with my mind. I have recommened this for people that live here and people from out of town on vacation.Staff is incredably fun and happy to help and assist you.I just cant say enough but , Ill simply say GO!!.. thats all I feel I can say wthout rambing about how amazing this place is.
5	My husband and I brought my nephew here for something fun to do.  What I really enjoyed about the place is that it's pretty hands-on and caters to kids (but is still pretty fun for us adults too).  I came in here thinking that my husband would love it but my nephew and I would be bored.... but I was also under the impression that it was museum-esque with a lot of "look but don't touch" exhibits.  I was very happy that this wasn't the case :)At the end of the day my nephew even wanted to stay longer which was awesome.  It's fun for everyone :)
4	I rode the light rail with a friend and met another friend at the Arizona Science Center for a meetin.org event. We had Groupons for the planetarium and exhibits. We watched the planetarium show on planets first. I was a little disappointed in the planetarium show because the narrator (who was VERY good with the kids!) went into detail about the planets. I had hoped to learn about constellations, so obviously I had chosen the wrong show. My bad. I liked how interactive  the show was, allowing us to push buttons to vote.I enjoyed the exhibits, especially the four seasons. That was cool having the wind blow in our faces one second, and standing there getting sprinkled in the rain during the storm the next second.My friends went through the exhibits much faster than I would have liked, so I will be back a second and possibly third time. I'm waiting for the next Groupon before I buy my ticket.
4	My classmate and I went to the arizona science center to do a group project. We found it to be quite interresting. We brought along our two little girls ages 4 and 6 and they enjoyed it a great deal. We also saw the body world exhibit that is currently on display. That exhibit was awesome. We learned so much from it. It was extremely interesting and an eye-opening experence for all of us. Even the little ones were askaing questions. The rest of the museum however is more for children,  but all in all it was a great time. We had lunch in their cafe and even the food was good. Generous portions too. For a enjoyable and educational experince visit the arizona science center and don't forget to visit the body world exhibit, its only on display until the end of may.
5	I love this place! Good for all ages and relatively cheap, a win-win!!If you park in the heritage parking lot they win discount your parking ticket to only $3 bucks and its usually $12! another win!We went and checked out bodyworlds and the brain, and if you have never been here, YOU have to go and check it out. Even if you have gone and you know someone who might enjoy it, i think it is the type of place you can go again and see/learn things that you missed your first time through. We ended up on level two playing in the kids area( don't be fooled they have pretty cool stuff in there). plus, its o.k to let your inner kid out sometimes. :)A definite must see, and i won't be surprised if i end up back here again.Very cool!
2	Went to the Body Worlds exhibit yesterday at 10am. It was interesting but I was a little disappointed. I think the first run of this might have been more relevant to my interests. This time, it focused mainly on parts of people rather than whole bodies. Also, it says it focuses on the brain in the ads but there was only a small case of brain-related things. As far as the rest of the Center goes, I think that if you don't have kids and/or are over the age of 10, nothing here will interest you. It seemed to all be for ignoramus or children. I was bored.
4	I've been to the AZ Science Center a handful of times in the past, but Sunday was my 1st time going to an exhibit. Groupon ran a deal for Body Worlds & The Brain, 2 tickets for the price of 1, so I was all over that. I should have known better than to go on the last day, it was packed! I had purchased our tickets for the 3pm showing, we were 20 minutes late, but luckily we were able to get in with the 3:30pm group. Body Worlds & The Brain was so interesting! We took our time & read every single description next to each display piece. Before we knew it we had gone through the entire exhibit in less than an hour. What bothered me though was the set up, there were so many people jammed into the space it was a complete clusterfuck. Either they need to let less people in at a time, or have a walkway roped off so you aren't squeezing your way through people to see all the displays. We were able to walk around the science center after the exhibit, but we have been in the past & didn't feel like dealing with all the kids running around & screaming. I'd love to come back for another exhibit, an IMAX showing & "Adults Night Out"!
4	Vastly improved since our last visit 2 years ago!Most all exhibits are not hand-on, and they finally got the message, build everything like a tank! And, they now have staff members roving the different galleries who actually tell misbehaving brats to stop trying to break everything. I even saw one kid removed from an exhibit he was intentionally trying to destroy and his mother was told he needs to behave or leave. FINALLY!There are many exhibits and tables now manned with employees who are eager and patient to show the kids details they just won't get playing with the exhibits. Optical illusions: excellent. Liquid nitrogen experiments: stellar. Van de Graff Generator: awesome. Ham radio operators: very cool. Several staff with ipad and apps relevant to the gallery: booyah!I'll leave the website and other reviews to relay the details.Pro tip: don't just let your kids bang away on all the equipment, take time and explain to them why things work the way they do and try to relate it to something they are familiar with in their own environment.Pro tip 2: don't forget to bring your parking garage ticket for a stamp at customer service and save $$!-1 star because... hey, it's not at the level of the Museum of Science and Industry (5 stars), but getting closer, and... guys, you forgot the 4th state of matter: plasma.
5	This place is awesome.  So much fun for the kids!
3	Well first of all the $14 dollar admission fee is ridiculous...but what's more ridiculous is the $14 admission fee plus $3 dollars extra if you want to go in a maze.....Well since it's my bf's bday and there really isn't much to do in AZ, I decided what the heck and went for the $17 fee...just to kill time before dinner at POSH. So it has 4 levels....the first level was about building houses, and the human body...i admit some of the interactive displays were kinda cool but some where kinda boring. the second level consist of science on electricity, weigh, magnets, and light. The only thing i thought was cool was the nail bed. The third level was where the maze was and also where you learn about clouds, grand canyon and environmental sciences. The maze was a rip off really...don't understand why they charged $3 for the entrance...it was filled with optical illusion posters that I've already seen before online....so yeah really not worth the extra $3 bucks. -_-"we didn't get to see the 4th level unfortunately because we needed to leave before our two hour meter runs out...oh yeah parking is like $12 bucks in the garage....so yeah just park on the street if you can. So $17 dollars i killed an hour and half at most. This place is really meant for kids....children....under 12...because I even think any kid above 12 would find this place a little boring. I can't believe they even have a membership program...who would want to come here more than once?
4	Learning = can be boringMuseums = can be boringThe AZ Science Center = not boring, but fun fun fun!Though aimed at kids and tweens, this place is hella fun and I'm not a kid nor a tween, nor am I a parent of either.From the telescope where you can see your own eye looking into it, to the stomach/slide that you can go into so you can see how digestion works, this place is nothing but fun, and you learn as you have fun!Notable Exhibits that I saw:1) The Human Anatomy and Physiology exhibits. For those of you who don't speak science, that's the human body and how it works. Love the Brain/Neuro exhibit, explaining how the brain works. One of the exhibits shows how the brain gets addicted to something. One of them was a test to see if you're predisposed (I'm a potential gambling addict). Keep me away from casinos!2) The Immersion Theatre, where you get rained at, shook, blown and stuck inside a toaster oven, all to simulate how nature bombards the Earth with its raw strength of the elements. You will get wet! Dont' say I didn't warn you! Plays every 15 mins so make sure you time your trip to this awesome exhibit!3) The exhibits on the topmost floor discussing energy conservation and how alternative forms of energy, and how it trumps the traditional petroleum sources of energy. Very very cool.4) A video within a "cockpit" of a plane, explaining takeoff, flight and landing of a commercial airplane, with a real captain as a host! Very very cool!Kid or no, this is an interesting place to go to. Nice place to learn stuff and have fun at the same time. I'm not a kid anymore, but I found this place entertaining. It was a lot better than those other places I've been to in my travels. Go go go!Only complaint: Some of the exhibits are broken. Due to the interactive nature of a lot of the exhibits, plus the presence of kids, this is bound to happen. You'd think the museum people would fix them. Oh well.Did you know?: ASU students, minors and seniors get discounts to be admitted. Try and remember that as you go in.
3	The admission price is expensive; when you add the planetarium, the IMAX theatre, and any special exhibits going on, it really can add up.Many of the exhibits are geared toward little kids (10 and under).  Be warned, there is usually a TON of kids here.  And although this is a science center, it feels more like an advertisement for the local hospitals than a true science center.The Forces of Nature exhibit is fantastic.  I was bummed out when it was closed for the Body Worlds exhibit.  The planetarium is fun, I highly recommend it.Great access to the light rail, which can be a fun addition (especially during the cooler months when you don't mind taking your time walking to and from the station). I always leave the Arizona Science Center feeling a little underwhelmed, but I keep returning.
4	Every time I come here I am somewhat reminded of the South Park episode where the class takes a field trip to the planetarium, but Cartman sneaks off to try out for a Cheesy Poofs commercial. Yes, they have a planetarium, the Dorrance Planetarium that is. Being only one of five of its kind in the world, it is here where you can learn about Arizona skies, black holes, the stars and the planets. Ever wonder what it's like to be inside a nose or how your boogers are made? Well this is the place where you can find out. You can learn all about your body, technology and the world around you through interactive exhibits and live demonstrations taking place throughout the day. Adults are general $14, kids (3-17) $11 and seniors (62+) are $12. The IMAX theater and the Dorrance planetarium are both extra to the general admission fee. If you are hungry they have a Fabulous Food cafe that has mostly deli food options and yes, there are some vegetarian options! They do not offer strollers or lockers at the center. They also have a fun little gift shop with everything science (of course) related called Awesome Atoms. If you hate learning in a fun manner, this probably isn't the best place for you.
4	Thus is a great museum. We kept finding more and more things to do and explore. The exhibits are well done, interactive, and highly informative.  The designers kept multiple age groups and audiences in mind when they built the exhibits. We could not see everything in one day, which makes it a good museum. The price is the only thing that keeps me from giving it 5 stars.  I think the entrance admission is too high for most people.  We joined as members to save on entry fees and exhibits. We also like the added benefit that the member ship includes admission to over 250 museums around the country.
4	Wow, for a "kids" museum, I was pleasantly surprised that a lot of the stuff can also be applied to adults as well. And it was a great experience too.Regular price is $14, but they have a military discount of $2 off.  So it was a great deal coming here. They also offer a planetarium and an IMAX film at an additional cost.They have four floors of exhibits to explore, to get your hands on stuff, and to learn at your own pace.The first floor has the WONDER Center or the Walton Optimal Neurological Discovery Education and Research Center. Here, anything and everything you wanted to know about the human brain can be found here. They have several videos. On the other end of the floor is an exhibit all about the human body. My favorite portion here is an actual video showing an open heart surgery. Also, you can get on a wheel chair and burn some calories.On the second floor, there's an exhibit related to electricity and magnets. Most of the stuff here are have some sort of personal interaction so you can actually see the electricity as how you produced. My favorite here is the bed of nails. You get to actually lie on a bed of nails.My favorite of the whole museum itself is on the third floor with the Forces of Nature exhibit. They have a simulator right in the middle where you can get to experience a tornado, hurricane, rain, volcanos and other natural disasters in 4D. Yes, you'll get wet. They also have a globe where it shows the most recent weather patterns, earthquakes, active volcanos and fault lines. So you're seeing real data as it happens for people to see and interact.Finally on the fourth floor, is the "Solarville" exhibit. Basically it has everything to do with energy, sources of energy, alternative energy and conservation. Again, you can touch, play, and learn things and how a typical person can save on electricity.Overall, this was an awesome experience. The staff were super friendly and were willing to actually give you some personal attention. They demonstrated all of their gadgets and gizmos. Again super friendly. So even though this museum is designed for kids, everyone learns and has a good time learning too.
4	First off, I am not a science person. Unless social sciences counts, in which case, I have a bachelors degree. My boyfriend on the other hand was raised by two Phd holding physicists and studied electrical engineering in college. He has weird accelerometer-type machines in his garage and has conversations that would make the cast of the Big Bang Theory proud. Kudos to the Arizona Science Center for offering exhibits that appealed to the both of us.We started on the 4th floor at the Solarville exhibit which focused on energy, the environment, and conservation. It talked about individual household energy usage, and ways to reduce environmental impact. The 3rd floor had the Forces of Nature and Technology exhibits, which both offered interactive and informative displays. The 2nd floor was all about electricity, so naturally my electrical engineer bf showed off his knowledge. The coolest part of the museum for me was the first floor at the "All About Me" exhibit. It covers the systems of the human body and even has a stomach you can walk through and a giant nose that blows out objects. The neuroscience portion was very interesting, and I enjoyed taking the interactive memory tests.Admission was $14, not including special exhibits or films. We had a limited amount of time and didn't get to check out any of the extras (IMAX film, planetarium, pirate exhibit). We saw almost all of the museum in 2 and half hours. We were there in the early afternoon on a weekday, and it seemed like most of the school groups had cleared out by then.Will definitely be back, perhaps for the Adults Night Out. Nothing against kids, but I can only handle so many middle schoolers at time before I want to scream.
5	Just went to the pirate exhibit this weekend and I want to write a review because it was by far the coolest one yet.  I have been to the body exhibit, the titanic exhibit and others there.  Of course there is more to do there than just that for the kids, they blow stuff up at the lab, they have tons of cool little sections with things to do.  It is not cheap but we got the annual pass for the exhibits this year since we did the maze and we wanted to come back for the pirate and the Van Gogh exhibit coming next.  Now back to the pirate exhibit, holy cow they had a real life pirates treasure at the end that was valued at 400 million dollars!  The have tons of real "pieces of 8" they also recovered the bell from the original ship they found off the cost of Cape Cod.  There was their silverware, belt buckles, guns, cannons, gold, silver, rope, and I can go on forever.  It was just super cool to hear the story and see all the real life stuff.  This is not just a kid exhibit and in fact I spent much more time reading things and my kids blew right through it.
4	This place often has interesting exhibits. The one they showcased when I went was on the history of a pirate ship and crew, very interesting. Only downside, most of the non-travelling exhibits are dull unless you're younger than 13. Worth a look, but costs a few more dollars than I expected.
5	Just came back from the Pirate Exhibit!  Loved it!  I had purchased a bogo free ticket from Groupon a month or so ago so wanted to wait for the crowds to die down before going.  So glad I purchased those.  The exhibit is truly amazing!  I really lived out my childhood fantasy since seeing the Goonies when I turned around the corner and saw a pirate chest full of coins just sitting there.  My eyes lit up as if I were five.  So cool!  Right by that show stopper they had an exhibit display where you could actually touch the coins.  They had many artifacts from this lost sunken pirate ship on display and gave a great overall view of life for the pirates spread throughout.  A++
4	We have been going to the science center since it's beginning and it is just getting better. SO much to do, so little time.  Both children love it there (ages 6 and 10).  They are less interested in learning the science of the exhibits than touching them and making them do something but it keeps them entertained. Definitely go to the Planetarium - you don't get to see those everyday.  There is an IMAX but we never get a chance to go because we run out of time.  The traveling exhibits are great, as long as you don't have to wait in line very long. The memberships are great if you plan on going there more than once like we used to do when the kids were younger - you also get a discount on their summer camps (which are awesome).Be prepared and you will enjoy it more:1. It's expensive.  There is an admission fee, fees for the planetarium, fees for the IMAX, fees for the traveling exhibits and parking fees (even when validated). You can get discounts occasionally on groupon or dealchicken but plan on spending some dough.2. It's time consuming. Plan on spending a minimum of 3 hours there.  Plan ahead and see what's playing at the planetarium and the times. There are different shows throughout the day. Same with IMAX. 3. DO NOT EAT THERE. There is a cafe but don't waste your time or money on it.  It's terrible and expensive. Wear comfortable shoes and walk down to another restaurant for lunch and then come back. OR you can bring food in - there is a huge lunchroom on the side of the cafe for large groups.4. It can be crowded.  Sometimes it's empty, sometimes it's filled with school groups. If you are not in the mood for crowds, you might want to pick another place. If you need a stroller, and it's crowded, it's a nightmare.
4	The location deserves 5 stars alone! Next door to amazing pizza, an epic wine bar, a hell'ofa good time pub and NooooooBoooooooo (thats how i say it, i like to sing or over pronounce everything i do except while in the shower. i have dislexia). The building is cool; you will find this to be my bunker once the zombies invade. its all concrete. i have my pirate bandana ready. the exhibtis are cool....for kids. if your an adult, you may want to only go for certain things. pirate exhibt? body art? maybe a model railroad convention or a "build a science project style volcano and come blow it up here" event. But if you love science, and howthingswork.com, you'll never leave (and at $23 per adult for admission and $18 for a kid, you may be like me and DEMAND a sleep over; the seattle science center does this for kid field trips, it was legend...airy). lots of cool things to check out like a bike on a rope, and you pedal over the 1st floor from the 2nd floor and the people below you walk under you (yup, you guessed it, i had to look up and mess with a person on a bike). electircity, cameras, HD and different rock things from all over arizona. the coolest part though, was it is really all about AZ which, not being a native, i know nohting abour AZ other than the local bar's (um, big up's to all the Yelpers out there!). all in all, if you go for a specifc thing (like i did for hte pirate exhibt which is a 5 star event), my tip would be to make an afternoon of it. Hit Rose and crown for an app and a drink. then SC for a bit. then Bianco for pizza and wine. then get the hell out of my down town you freaking tourist driving the wrong way on a 1 way street (the other tip; READ THE STREET SIGNS or pay the price). Dueces.
5	We visited the Arizona Science Center for the National Geographic's Real Pirates. Grabbed their Groupon, our family friends, who were in town and headed downtown!Make sure you download the Groupon to your device before you enter the building, our AT&T coverage ceased to exist inside all the cement walls. No problem we walked back out the front and downloaded it. Get your parking validated too, it reduces the price from $12.00, to only $3.00. We got our Pirate tickets affixed our wristbands and took the elevator straight to the third floor exhibit. It all starts with a intro movie and a great entry into the actual exhibit. There were so many artifacts from the Whydah (whee-duh)!  My favorite was all the booty the pirates had plundered!  One liked the pistols, cannons, cannon shot and replica ship. The younger boys liked all the items they could touch and pick up!!  Our daughter loved the ship's bell and all the gold artifacts, especially the jewelry! The oldest of the kiddos liked the gift shop at the end of the exhibit. There were lots great pirate trinkets for all ages! I felt like a kid again, reading "Treasure Island"!The science center had other great exhibits on the other floors as well. The youngest boys liked the Monster Stomach!  If you've been to the science center you know why, if you haven't, you'll just have to make a visit and find out for yourself. The Freeman exhibit was also great!  Our kids enjoyed the pipes & valves, but had trouble putting them together. Not a plumber in the bunch! The adults tried to stack wooden blocks to create standing masterpieces, not an architect in our group either. Another draw was the SkyCycle!  A bicycle suspended above the first floor along a thick cable. Each adventurous ride will cost you $5.00 as a non-member, $3.00 for members. We enjoyed watching everyone ride across the sky. Everyone really enjoyed the MindBall challenge!  Two people put on the connectors and try to relax.  The person who relaxes most moves the ball till it reaches the other end. I was able to out relax them all, even with my two kids trying to distract me!We didn't go to the IMAX theater/Planetarium, we had reservations at Rustler's Rooste!
5	The 5 stars are for the Real Pirates exhibit, in one word, AWESOME. They bring us top quality exhibits :)If I was just rating the museum I'd give it 4 stars. They've got a great variety of hands on activities, but I do get strange looks when I get in line to try them,,,,, & everyone else is of elementary school age :D For this reason, if you are NOT in elementary school & you will not be taking young kids, I would recommend trying to go during school hours. That way you get to try all the hands on activities :) & they are fun!! There is an IMAX theater & Planetarium on the first floor. On the second floor (I'm pretty sure of the location) there is a SKY CYCLE.... sooo cool! I'm afraid of heights and have yet to take the ride, but one day soon, it's gonna happen! lol! If you or your kids want to do it you have to meet the height requirements, fit into the harness & you need to wear tennis shoes. No high heels or flip flops ladies :)There's a rock climbing wall,,, but for the life of me I can't recall what floor it's on,,, but it's there. I would recommend grabbing a bite before or after the museum. They have a little cafe on the first floor, but I would leave that for emergencies, like your blood sugar dropping or a toddler who must have a cookie :)All in all, great place to spend the day!
1	I recently went to the Arizona Science Center to see their special Van Gogh exhibition.  First, the price to see this special exhibit was exorbitant- $25.00 a person including general admission.  This DID NOT include any IMAX movies or the planetarium, which were each $8.00 extra.  And, the price did not include parking, which for me, ended up being another $5.00.  At the end of the day, I ended up paying $38.00 just for one person.As far as the Van Gogh exhibit, the concept was interesting but unfortunately, the children in the other exhibit next door were so incredibly loud that you could  hear their screaming, which was louder than the music playing in the Van Gogh exhibit.  Additionally, a couple of women brought their children into this exhibit, which was quite clearly for adults, and the kids were noisy as well.The Van Gogh exhibit was ok-I really do not know why this exhibit was at this museum as it did not relate to science and it was geared to adults- not kids like everything else at this museum.  The other exhibits might have been interesting but there were unruly children running around and screaming all over the place.My last stop was to the planetarium-I saw the Grand Tour of the Planets.  This was god awful. There was a woman narrator who talked the entire time about the planets but again, her presentation was geared to little kids.  I felt like I was in kindergarden listening to her.Maybe if you have little kids this museum is fine but it truly was an incredible rip off and not very enjoyable in my opinion.
2	Went for the Van Gogh experience -- one screen wasn't working and those entering the area weren't told -- not good!  I enjoyed viewing/listening; it was interesting and a different experience, but come on, museum, don't be charging extra for this exhibit when it isn't 100% working!  Appears this is a museum for kids -- most adults I know wouldn't be interested very much in the permanent exhibits.
4	Arizona Science Center brings science and entertainment to the young and fresh minds of the community. The staff are always friendly! The weekend manager Manny is very knowledge and able about the ASC and all the exhibits. He was very helpful.I look forward to visiting again. The weekends are always packed, if you can make it during the weekday you will bypass the mass of patrons.  R\_
5	The Van Gogh exhibit is very much worth seeing. Floor to ceiling video display of his works, with some floor panels exhibiting video as well. Each wall, of which there are many in this maze of an exhibit has video playing. This means that although there are people wandering through, you'll be able to glance left or right and see the video on another wall. Obviously, the more crowded the museum, the more difficult to see, but it only takes about 30 minutes for the video to complete it's cycle.  You can stay and see the parts you may have missed as it starts over on a continuous loop. On exit, you can buy a book and video. I don't recommend the video, it seems to have been shot while the exhibition was open to the public so you have people wandering through the DVD scenes as it's being filmed. It's not so much that they obscure the view, it's just simply too distracting. If you're a member it's only $8 for the exhibit, slightly more if you're not a member. Go, it's worth it. It's OK for teens but the younger children we saw there were bored to the point of being somewhat disruptive.
4	A very fun experience for me and my family.  To be fair, the exhibits that come in on special rotation are pretty fun too.  One challenge, if you are bringing your family or group, the cafeteria prices are a bit on the exploitive (captive audience) side of the economic scale.  : )  Not a good value in this department.Friendly help generally, and sometimes enough security walking around to make you think that gang warfare is going to break out.  Better too much than not enough I guess.
4	We really enjoyed the Van Gogh Live presentation they have of his paintings this month. Other then that, I really do not care too much about this place. I actually find the AZ Science Center as one big headache. Lots of walking around...for nothing really. Yeah, this is how electricity is made they tell you but if that's not your thing...you will be bored.
4	4/26/12Came to check out the Van Gogh-Alive exhibit, and what a great way to spend $25!  The average exhibit-goer takes about 45 minutes to go through the exhibit, which includes 5 to 10 minutes of "reflection" in the second room, where you may look at pictures and descriptions regarding Van Gogh's life and specific artworks, so do make a note of this.  Had we had more time to spend, my cousin and I would've stayed for at least a couple of hours... The music, Van Gogh's letters, and the beauty of the digital presentations captivated us so!  I did find the benches, placed in a haphazard fashion, to be very distracting.  They broke the flow of energy in the room and kept me from being able to move about freely as I wanted to, and the benches' marred my visual field as I looked across the room.  This observation was again confirmed when I found a great YouTube vid that showcased the Istanbul presentation of this exhibit, which did not contain benches in the room.  (Now, I do not mind having somewhere to sit.  Indeed, there were lovely fabric and leather couches in this exhibit, and thankfully, they were by the walls.)  I also noticed that the Turkish exhibition suggested the room to have a larger dimension that that of Az Sci Center's.  I found its exhibit's dimensions seemed more open and had a better flow.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1ACUNyN_Ec&feature=relatedI would definitely recommend people to check this presentation out!  I would love to re-visit this viewing, but perhaps in another city...p.s.  The exhibit's $25 fee includes admission to the rest of the exhibits within AZ Science Center.  Please note that the Van Gogh exhibit can only be entered and exited once, and that it runs through June 17, 2012.
4	This review isn't so much about the actual Science Center, but that's really cool.  This is a warning.  If you are going in the morning during the school year, call first to check if there are school groups going that day.  When we went, there were several hundred kids there and it was absolute mayhem.  If you go after 1 pm or so, or if there are no school groups that day, then absolutely go, this place is awesome.  Don't go if any school groups are going to be there, though.  It's unbelievably loud and you won't get to interact with any of the exhibits.
5	Van Gogh Alive...amazing!  This was such a great way to view Van Gogh's art and be immersed in the music of that time.  $25 is a lot for an art exhibit, but upon leaving I felt it was entirely worth it.  I hope this is a trend to view other artist's work.
4	I went to see the Van Gogh exhibit.  It was fantastic!  My only complaint is that I could hear kids screaming pretty loudly out in the science center exhibits.  It took a little bit away from my experience.
5	This is a very cool place for the kids and the family. My girls (6 and 8) absolutely loved being "hands on" with the exhibits. The storm simulator was my favorite - really cool to "feel" the different effects as the floor shakes and water is sprayed on your face.Tip - as others have pointed out, the food in the cafe is a little on the high $$ side - but very good. If you are looking to save some coin. Your admission is good for in/out privileges all day - and being downtown is perfect for being able to take a short walk and explore other eateries.Tip - If you are even thinking about coming back within a year (365 days), get an annual pass. They really make you feel special - they called me the day they mailed the passes to thank me for being a member and to let me know they were on the way. The admission you pay can be used to "upgrade" your pass to an annual if done on the same day.
5	What a treasure to have in this town!Plenty of hands-on exhibits for kids of all ages. There are even live demonstrations involving flour sifters and blowtorches.I defy any kid to be bored when flour sifters and blowtorches are on-hand.The entrance fee seems a bit pricey, but it's an honest 2 hours of entertainment, at least. They validate parking which is free for the first hour.
4	Whether you're a kid or an adult, the Arizona Science Center never seems to disappoint. How can you be disappointed when they've found new inventive ways of introducing science concepts and applying them in realistic ways. It's not every day that you actually get to enter a life size stomach or practice physics experiments just for the fun of it without being graded! Last night was the first time I've been inside the planetarium. While waiting for the show to start, there was fun trivia with buttons on the chairs available so you could answer the trivia. It was fun being able to have that interaction. The woman who gave the presentation while in the planetarium was well knowledgable and super enthusastic about everything. It made us want to go out and seek out the constellations at night (if it wasn't for that dust storm that just rolled in...). This was the 2nd time I've been back in the past year. The first time was to see the Pirates Exhibit, which was so much fun. There was even a pirate ship inside the exhibit that you could walk through! I love how the exhibits showed how the artifacts from the sunken ship were raised out of the ocean and properly cleared of dirt at the end of the exhibit, because you always tend to wonder what type of process is involved in finding these historical artifacts and preserving them after being under the sea for so many years!Last night, the Van Gogh exhibit was not what I expected. I was wondering what Van Gogh "live" entailed, because I wasn't sure if I'd be seeing some of the actual Van Gogh paintings that I've seen while I visited Europe when I was younger. (I guess I should've researched the exhibit more prior to last night). All of his art work was projected onto large screens all over the exhibit hall. There were benches, couches, and chairs available so you can sit in one location and being totally immersed in Van Gogh's art. The woman who had given the presentation inside the planetarium had also stopped by upstairs, and she emphasized the importance of reading the projected quotes, because the quotes fully embodied all the emotions and thoughts of Van Gogh, who was deeply troubled, yet full of so much passion he didn't know how to handle himself. You had to enter another room to get the history behind Van Gogh's paintings, since the "projection" room wasonly films of the paintings themselves. Interesting take though. I never would've thought of displaying art that way. I am grateful for Yelp for sponsoring the after-hours event last night, because it gave us a chance to enjoy the Van Gogh exhibit, the planetarium, and the entire science center in a relaxed setting. It was alot of fun as always!
5	My husband and I attended the yelp sponsored date night at the Arizona Science Center. We had a blast checking out all the hands-on exhibits as well as the planetarium. The Van Gogh Alive! was an excellent immersive multimedia mix of art, music, and quotes.
4	Thanks to Yelp for the invite! The date night was a double-date for us. The night left a lot to be desired, (wine, in particular!) but the facility is amazing regardless of your age. Who doesn't like to sit back and star-gaze? The Van Gogh exhibit was unlike anything I had ever seen before. I will have to go back and get in touch with my inner child.
5	My wife and I went on Yelp's Date Night at the AZ Science Center during the final weekend for the Van Gogh exhibit.  What a fantastic experience!The Van Gogh exhibit was amazing.  Kudos to Sensory4 (the organization that created it) for doing a great job of telling the story of Vincent Van Gogh's life through only his paintings, quotes from his letters to his brother Theo, and music.  It was very moving.  Van Gogh was further cemented in my heart as my favorite painter.In addition to seeing Van Gogh, Yelp provided some light snacks, a scavenger hunt, and entrance to most of the museum and the Planetarium.  Thank you, Yelp, for arranging this.  it was the 2nd Yelp event my wife and I attended and can't wait to see more.
4	This place is not pocket book friendly. It would have cost us $12 just to park if the center didn't validate and knock off $11.00 of those bucks. For 2 adults and 2 children it cost us $50.00 to enter the door. (This is just to enter the center, does not include the Planetarium or the IMAX Theater)My kids and husband found it to be a neat little place, I enjoyed just watching them have fun. Would be good to go with a group of people and watch how everyone interacts with everything. There were a lot of useful and strange facts to learn about several different things. I rated it a 4 star because my kids enjoyed this so much. I would suggest trying to find coupons, going on special days because spending $50 to just enter the center and it took us 2 hours to see everything and that was even with them trying all the experiments. Worth it to attend at least once though. My children are girls and they are 10 & 6.
5	Wonderful (WONDER-FULL!) place for kids and adults alike. I don't mind paying full/adult admission for this place as there is just as much to do/learn/experience as with the child's experience.I'm so glad I waited to review this place until today (we went Friday, July 13th) because I remember my husband and I thinking  that, aside from the wonderful Body Works and Grossology temporary exhibits, some major improvements, additions and renovations were in order... And I was SO impressed with all the nice changes since we last visited with our kids (then age 3 and 7; now 6 and 10) a few years ago. ONE CAVEAT: If you live in the Phoenix Area, definitely opt for the membership, as just TWO VISITS make it worth the cost. (3 or 4 visits, which is completely reasonable just for the summertime will make the price even more attractive).Another complaint I have is the check-in time for non-members (20 minutes on line just to step up to a cashier; all the while my kids had to endure the taunting view of the outdoor water/balls exhibit and I had to subsequently endure, "Why is it taking so long?!").Other than that, this place ROCKS!We look forward to going back and buying the family membership!
4	This place is large and in charge and we were not prepared for the multilevel activity overload. My toddler nephew, on the other hand, went full speed ahead and had a blast. He especially loved the water exhibit area with all the splashing and running water features. As an adult, there are some great and interesting exhibits which makes spending the afternoon there worthwhile. Good place to check out at least once but their exhibits are ever-changing so return trips are more than possible.
4	Ok, This place is expensive. Like $50 bucks for 1 kid 2 adults and that's just to walk in.  Plus the planetarium and any extras.  On the other hand, it was a full day worth of fun and exploration.  Totally worth it just make sure to bring the hand sanitizer.
5	I went here for frys free weekend yay thanks frys and thanks to laura for telling me about it! I love this place best museum ever. I'm from San Francisco and I'd say this museum is a mix of the exploratorium and the academy of science. Place is amazing I'm for sure bringing my little brother here not so little brother that is he's 21! The place is soo boob.com!! I'm a nursing major and the found the anatomy and brain department amazing. I spent like 615644 hours there. The exhibits were so cool my favorites were this thing that slides over the body and does a scan over the body showing the parts letting you click on the screen while you glide the x-ray panel. Breath taking, I also loved the heart beat drums that went with your pulse, the digestive tract, and the surgery done on a manikin with a moving slideshow.  I love this place!! Will be back def. an Arizona must see and gem! At an affordable 12 or 14.
4	I really like taking my boys to the Science Center. They have beautiful exhibits, the new Math Alive is wonderful. I must admit my boys didn't try everything as they wanted to see other exhibits but they did the mars lander & the snowboarding. The climbing wall was too small. Measuring your arms and graphing was good. They love the weather platform and my older boy got on the bike and had fun. They spent tons of time in the addiction area. (grrreat...) The outside water area is great but know they will get wet, very wet. We always eat at the little restaurant downstairs which is fairly pricey but very decent. I've had the wrap which is big, french fries yummy and a big serving for all to share. The boys have eaten the hot dog, meatball sandwich and chicken sandwich and always happy. For 5 of us it's about $45. No booze. Yeah, I know, why would they have booze? Right, because it is soooo loud in this place. The ceiling is so low, the restaurant so little and so, so many little children who are so tired and hungry and screaming. That's why I mention they don't have booze. It's a warning, heed. All and all a great place I do wish they had a older kid time as the little ones have a difficult time sharing which makes it hard for the older kids to actually get the 'science' out of an exhibit.
3	My daughter and I had a good time here, I brought her once when she was little, now she's all grown up, so it was a little more for younger ones.  We still had fun and learned a few things! I thought it was a little expensive, especially after you add in the planetarium and Imax, but there are deals and coupons out there.  The entertainment book has a buy one get one free admission, and you can go free with the culture pass
5	The Staff was friendly, helpful,  and informative and the museum itself was clean.  We went yesterday and had a blast.  The food in the cafeteria was actually good and reasonably priced.  The only downside is that it is VERY EXPENSIVE.  Your admission fee doesn't cover an special exhibits or shows so be prepared to spend big bucks.
3	I got free entrance to the center for a conference I was attending, and as a college student, it was a nice evening.  Maybe I'm spoiled growing up on the east coast, but this museum was so small.  The attractions the museum did have were cool and definitely elementary school aged kid friendly.  It just wasn't anything out of the ordinary.
1	You can not give zero stars on Yelp but Zero is the reality. This is a review only for our student field trip booking experience. Warning--- don't do it. This had to be the worse experience of my 15 years of teaching in the classroom and booking field trips. There was one issue after another ranging from no calls back, to rude staff, to hang ups, to transfer after transfer to answering machine, to dial tone.  ARGHHH and frustration abound. They now make all teachers wanting a Title One field trip to go to a worthless class. No exceptions even by experienced educators.  I mean really???? A class on how to learn how to go on a field trip? "ReallyTIMES2?" This is is a slap in the face for educators. It would take too long to explain all the problems we had but rest assured it was the worse customer service in the world trying to book our field trip. It took us three months to finally close the deal. There is absolutely no excuse for this. You would think in this economy they would be happy for our business. One phone call had me hanging up on the woman because she was so horribly rude! I will update the review after the trip, which I sure hope goes better than the entire ugly experience of booking it. We will never be going here again.
4	Great place to visit.
5	Mary Beth from the museum contacted me this morning after reading this review in an attempt to make my experience better. I was most impressed by the call. I will update my review after we take the trip. I appreciated the reach out.
4	The kids had a great time. Tons to do. if I could offer a suggestion they should have a worker at the Forces of Nature display at all times. Everywhere else is well staffed by nice, friendly, smart, enthusiastic, and helpful Docents. There was an Imagine Charter School attending the same day as us that were not supervised so caused problems with safety, especially at the Forces and the water/gears display. Besides that, we had a great time. Loved the Dinos!
5	The Science Center provided a day of fun for my family. We ranged in age from 4-65 and all of us had a blast. If it hadn't been so chilly we would have played outside a lot longer. The Lego transportation room provided quite the challenge for all of us. Of course, there is nothing like stepping inside a gurgling stomach. The facility had several school tours during our visit, but it is large enough that we didn't feel crowded. Get there early and be prepared to have a good time!
3	Went to adults night out at the SciCenter. I didn't think it was worth it, even though it was free. Granted, we didn't get to see everything in the museum but could quickly tell it wasn't up to par what other cities offer.
2	Most disappoint Museum experience ever.  I was really looking forward to going here and the disappointment started from buying my admissions ticket. First: Zero customer service a very rude and curt girl, who sold me my admissions ticket, was my first contact with the museum.Second, they had three, yes three exhibits.  Really I'm paying $19 dollars to see some half baked exhibits that don't really educate or immerse the visitor?  I've never been to a museum where they had only three exhibits.  Okay maybe one museum had less than that, but it was free and I donated $2 just to help keep them around.  Third, even though I'm a child at heart and love an interactive museum as much as the next person this museum was way too geared for children.  Besides that the information presented was short and not in depth.As a sort of topper to the whole experience when I was interacting with one of the exhibits a very rude employee decided to make me feel completely un-welcomed in the museum.  He said to me, "You know that is for 4 year olds?"  I immediately looked around looking for the sign that says you may not interact with this exhibit if you are over the age of 4.  The whole point of a museum is to educate and inform the visitors regardless of their age.  I could see maybe admonishing an adult who was hogging an exhibit stopping children from using it, but I was more than accommodating towards all the other guests there.In short I wouldn't waste my money here.   Likely, unless you are a child under the age of 9, you probably wont get much out of it and even at that age you probably wont get much out of it.  Whoever is the curator or head of this museum really needs to have another look at whether they are actually providing a service to their patrons.After this long complaint you may be wondering why I gave them two stars instead of just one.  The one saving grace was that the museum had at least some educational properties to it, although not that many.  It really was a glorified expensive playground, but at least there was some education incorporated into the exhibits.  So they didn't fail completely.
5	Great museum.  Great location.  Easy parking.  Fantastic for kids.  Amazing homeschool classes.  I highly recommend getting a membership if you find a good deal.
2	My husband and I visited the Arizona Science Center two weeks ago on a Saturday to use a Groupon for the DaVinci exhibit. We like museums. So why only two stars? Parking was confusing. Apparently you can get parking validated if you park in a specific lot, but there weren't signs or directions to let us know that. We parked across the street next to the Diamondbacks stadium for not an obscene amount of money, but considering we are in Phoenix and not San Francisco, it was excessive. Plus there was some other event going on so we had to drive up several floors and there were annoying cones blocking off most of the available parking. WTF! Then we got to the lobby. The line was waaayyyy worse than the MVD. And the lobby is also pure concrete (think bomb shelter), so if you're trying to pull up a Groupon or something on your phone... give up. The cashier was kind enough to pull up our Groupons on her computer. The line was also complete with more than its fair share of impatient, screaming children who needed their naps. The actual exhibit was interesting. The only way to get from the ticket counter to the exhibit was a small, slow, in-the-corner elevator. We looked through a few of the permanent exhibits, and it was ok, but nothing special.
5	Great time! Lots to touch and play with and learn! Took our 5 year old daughter with the Summer Pass.
5	Fun place, a lot of different things to see and touch . My two year old daughter had a great time specially in the water playground. This is a perfect place to bring your kids in the summer since is indoor and air conditioned.
5	Awesome place to bring kids. We bought the year membership so we could come whenever we wanted and its cheaper that way, since we are here at least once a month.  Kids love forces of nature which mimics a storm, earthquake, and desert heat.  Also don't miss out on all the educational equipment on the first floor, including the daily demonstrations usually doing a science experiment.  Stop by the dorance planetarium to watch a show or the IMAX. The IMAX is fun but an extra fee, the planetarium is included with our membership (extra at membership purchase) but well worth it for the kids. They also have seasonal exhibits some free, some for an extra fee. One year they had a lego exhibit for free, the kids kept asking to go to the AZ Science Center weekly.
4	We were very impressed about how modern the Arizona Science Center is! The exhibitions were really interesting and seems to be a great place to visit as a family!
2	We were given free admission tickets for the Science Center and for the Planetarium. Since the kiddos are home from school for the summer and it's blazing hot outside, I thought it would be a good time to use them.  Pros: nice, cold air conditioning. perfect when trying to escape the AZ heat         They validate parking in the nearby garage for a cheaper parking fee, it's about 1/2 price         bathrooms were clean and water fountains were plentiful.         Cons: the regular prices are ASTRONOMICAL!  Had I not had tickets, for me and 3 kids I'd have paid $48 for general admission and then an additional $29 for the planetarium show/movie.  There was also a special exhibit that would have been $76 additional dollars.  HOLY CRAP!  We passed on the exhibit and any additional planetarium shows (you get one for that price).  Sure, they offer a yearly membership, but if you only come once a year or less (how often do you really need to go?) that seems kind of silly (members still have to pay for the special exhibit).  PLUS, I'm a family of 5 and the family membership is for 4 people.  There isn't much for the pre-reader set to do.  They can't read the hands-on activity instructions, and what they do have is really childish (playhouse, blocks).  The employees weren't very friendly.  All of them seemed to have somewhere else they'd rather be.The planetarium show was maybe 30 minutes and the employee talked for 20 minutes of it, not much planetary stuff..it was a cartoon basically.  SO not worth paying for, glad I didn't.  The layout of the place is confusing.  Weird hallways and rooms.  Nothing really makes sense in the layout.  I can't say we'd go back.  Way too expensive.  My kids are 5, 8 and 11 and they weren't that impressed with the place.  I sure wasn't.
4	I like coming here with my nanny kids and I would like to check out an adults night out.I think all the exhibits are great, so much for kids to learn and interact with. There are so many different sciences, and this place really incorporates a variety of subjects. Some favorites are the body exhibit on the ground floor and Forces of Nature on the 3rd floor. The restaurant is better than decent and not too expensive. The entire staff is very friendly, although sometimes there doesn't seen to be enough help at peak times. Some parents do not watch their children, but that hasn't happened too often. The parking garage is so convenient, and I love that you walk through Heritage Square to enter the Science Center. I recommend going on any day that isn't a common school holiday. Tip: Look for a summer pass from Living Social for reduced membership. Maybe that's offered other times of the year as well.
4	We grabbed up a Groupon for this museum which was for the Adult's Night Out Da Vinci exhibit viewing.  We loved it!  I'm a touch confused by some of the other reviewers on here that went and complained about parking and screaming children. First, park in the Science Center parking garage and they validate (so it's free).  Second, it's a museum...kids go there so it's a tad unrealistic to expect them to not be there unless you are going to Adult's Night Out - which is why we purchased the ticket we purchased.  We don't have kids just yet, and wanted a date night.  Bam!  Adult's Night Out to the rescue!  The Da Vinci exhibit is closed now, however it was very well organized and set up.  The catered food was delicious and well presented.  The staff was helpful in guiding us when we needed it.  All in all, a great night out!  Grab a Groupon and make it a date night.  ;)
3	We went to see Sesame Street Bodies this past weekend and 5 of the exhibits were broken in that area. Such a bummer when we paid extra to play there. We are members and usually loving going but I think we thought it would be more for what it was. Of course we will go back for the rest of the exhibits but be a bit weary of the Sesame Street one until they fix stuff up!
5	We LOVE the AZ Science Center so much that we recently became members and plan to go often. We love the exhibits and the fact that they change out the special exhibits often. I do recommend packing a lunch as the cafe is a bit pricey, but the food is good.
3	When the weather gets hot in Phoenix, this is one of the places where Phoenix residents come to cool off.   The family and I visited the museum on hot summer Saturday in the middle of July.  The line was long to get in the science center and not enough people working there to sell tickets to get us inside.  After a 30 minute wait, we finally got in.  Children can play in the water and get each other wet at Waterworks.   Or, they can work with pipes to see how water flows.  The daughter was able to learn different things about the body.  She was able to listen to her heartbeat to the beat of drum.  She was also able to throw round balls into a nose to cause it sneeze and expel the balls back at you.  My wife did not allow the child to ride the Skycycle.  She thought it was too dangerous, not to mention the extra fee involved to ride it.  Tornado Alley was interesting with the fans that blow the wind at you, and the sprinklers that rain on you.  It seems like some of these exhibits travel from museum to museum.  Both the Sesame Street Body exhibit and the Skycycle exhibits have recently been in Southern California.  I didn't have to come all the way to Phoenix to see these exhibits.  Overall, I thought the museum was okay.   There were some things that were different from other science museums.   But, not enough to warrant the $15 for adults and $11 for children, not even for the air conditioning inside.
3	This was my first time visiting ASC and I found it really difficult to enjoy. The place itself seemed to have so many cool exhibits to explore, but with the weekend crowds, I felt like I had to fight through mass amounts of people so my 7-year old could get to experience some of the exhibits. I am used to dealing with a lot of traffic, but I was amazed at how inconsiderate others were of each other. They should definitely have hosts to man the popular hands-on activities so as many people as possible can enjoy them. Needless to say, our family could only enjoy a fraction of what ASC had to offer. Had I paid full price admission, I would have been extremely disappointed. Luckily I bought a summer pass through living social at a great deal and am really looking forward to giving ASC another try. It really did seem like a great place, and this go round, I am going to try going during the week!
4	One of the best places in Phoenix to take kids, especially when temp gets hot. Not as large or innovative as the Exploratorium in San Francisco but an excellent time. One day should be plenty for the kids to see everything. Season passes are worth the money. Wish they would change the main parts throughout the year besides just the special exhibits, I would give 5 stars then.
5	Science is fun! That may be something I never thought I'd say as a 9th grader in Biology class, but they didn't exactly have interactive kiosks and displays in my middle school classroom. If they had, I'd have screamed back then.So that's what this entire edifice is all about. A shrine to scientific exploration. A Mecca of mechanical, natural and experimental marvels. But it's all broken down so the kiddos can appreciate. In my case, THIS kiddo can appreciate the digestible nuggets of information organized into pods of focus.I can definitely recommend the Forces of Nature exhibit. It runs about every 15 mins, and takes you through tornadoes, forest fires, hurricanes, earthquakes and the extreme Arizona heat. It's all simulated with fans, water, shaking platforms, lights, and heat lamps. Pretty rad, and the kids will definitely want to do it a few times. I know I did.Be sure to check out each floor. Take that elevator all the way up. If you're antsy, it's still going to take you a couple of hours to get around to everything. With more discovery in your bones, you're going to need the better part of an afternoon, or even close to a day. There's a cafe there, but I didn't get to try it and can't vouch for it.As is the case with most museums or places like this, the exhibits come and go. Some are meant to be temporary, others will be around for years. So visit the website to see what you're in store for. You can upgrade your ticket if you're interested in some of the bonus features. When I was there there was some kind of sky-cycle-on-a-cable you could pay to ride.I had a blast being a kid here. Looking, playing, touching, learning. In all truth, it will probably stand as one of my fondest memories of 2013. A day spent learning, exploring, and being one of the kids. Terrific.
4	I recently attended the October Adults Night Out. The premise of the program is great-free admission, adult beverages, etc. I enjoyed exploring the museum and it was a nice activity for a Friday Night. The only downfall(s) were 1. The line to check in was extremely long. It didn't move slow, but it wasn't fast either. I had registered online but forgot to print the tickets. I would suggest definitely printing tickets ahead of time. The second issue was the "beer garden." While I enjoyed the premise and the beers, there were only 2 beer servers and 1 wine server for many many people. The line went painfully slow and it made it hard to use the drink tickets and visit the center. Many people were actually giving away their tickets because the line was too long. I would attend another ANO again but I hope that they make some changes in the future to the above mentioned things.
3	The architecture was gorgeous. Building is quite pretty and modern. I can't help but feel that there isn't much to see inside though. There were nice exhibits but it could have been a lot better if they added more substance.
5	When it comes to activities for kids, this is one of the best. We had a great time here, spent about 4 hours just roaming all the floors of the various science fields. We went on Veterans Day and the had a poster for the kids to sign for our Military services men and women.
5	I love the AZ Science Center. My son and I have been coming here for the last 7 years and we love it each time we are here. The center has their permanent exhibits but they always have something new and fun thru out the year so regardless of how many times you go, there is always something new for your little one to explore. It's easy to spend a whole day there starting early in the morning. It's impossible to condense 7 years of experience into one short review except to write that this place is worth coming to, for locals and out of towners alike if I've been able to bring my son here for 7 years and have been consistently happy with the center. And I look forward to bringing him here for many more years to come!
4	Fun for everyone young and old !
4	This is an amazing place to take children from age 6-8. They will have a lot of fun with all the exhibits. The only draw back was the 3-D movie (Junk in Space). The 3-D graphics are awesome but the movie itself was a bore and waste of time. Overall I would definitely do it again but would not pay for the  movie.
5	I've noticed some of the reviews say best for older children but i've been taking my son since before he could walk and absolutely love it! He has the greatest time. Even though he doesn't quite understand the science behind everything, he loves running around and pressing all the buttons. The weather machine is his favorite. During the warmer months he loves playing in the ball fountain. We started going here after getting a free cultural pass at the library and loved it so much we ended up getting a membership. It is definitely worth it to get a membership. We go a few times a month and it never gets old. You can find discounts on memberships on living social before the holidays. We've gotten our memberships for 50-30% off over the past two years. If you have a toddler best time to come is when school is in session and after 1pm. This place gets packed with school groups in the mornings.
5	AZ science center is great for kids and fun its good for ages 5-11 it has great activities and i have no problem with it
5	Soooo . . . As my child gets bigger and he goes from the size of a football to a boy who needs to jump into my arm for me to be able to lift and hold him, it crossed my mind perhaps he was now too old for the AZ Science Center. Glad to share that this is sooooo not the case!  My son is 7 now and just this week, I've taken him twice to partake in Snow Week where for the past week, they've special activities planned for each day. The two days I was there, there were tons of special activities on the daily schedule and these special activities were so well planned, my son and his friend enjoyed participating in them so much that both days, we spent minimal time on their permanent exhibits!!!!Whoever was in charge (maybe it was a team?) of Snow Week did an absolutely thumbs up (both thumbs up in fact) fanta-excellent job!  Both my son and his friend enjoyed the science experiments on the first floor theater, the making of mini bobsleds out of giant spuds (Idaho potatoes) then racing the, down mini sled tracks, mini ice hockey (ice frozen on cookie sheet then min ice hickey sticks made from Popsicle sticks and pucks made from penny covered with electrical tape)- genius. My son and his friend played for almost an hour with this simple contraption!Scented balloons were a big hit, as was making the gingerbread house. Aside from the special activities, my favorite section (see, and I'm a grown up- I think) LOL. Big kid at heart, that's me- is on the 2nd level where the kids can hands on learn about mechanical properties. All of us (including me) can spend hours there going from one hands on exhibit to the next. The permanent exhibits are an added bonus. Why do I say that?  Because they usually have a special exhibit or special activities planned that you can spend your whole day doing those!I'm really looking forward to see what's next after Snow Week and now that I know how much fun Snow Week is from going this year, next year I will be taking my son for sure and plan on being there from open to close!!!!
1	This place has gone down hill. What used to be in the normal exhibits are now in a paid exhibit hall. It's sad that they have resorted to that to make money. I won't be renewing my membership.
3	The museum is designed for kids. They run in front of you for all the activities. If you're there as a family I'm sure the experience is way better. My wife and I enjoyed it but if we were still waking up for Saturday morning cartoons I'm sure it would be more fun.
4	My children and I really enjoyed our visit here.  Just wish parking wasn't so darn expensive, even with validation ($8).  There were four floors of exhibits for the children to explore.  Lots of hands-on fun.  My boys really enjoy building the dam to see if it can hold the 85-gallon tank of water.  The human body display was excellent and so was the water-balls display on the first floor.
3	My three year old and myself had a GREAT time at this science center!  They have plenty of interactive things for all ages, but I do think I will pay the little bit extra next time and ride the bike over the cable.My only complaint was that the facts posted were on average of 5-10 years out dated.  I tend to think they should be updated to reflect data relevant to within three years.All and all I will surely be back again, and recommend everyone check it out!
3	I must say, this a wonderful and even fun place. Very interactive with lots to do. However,  expensive.
2	Went with my wife and daughter - almost $75 for the three of us, and that was just for the exhibit and general admission.  Didn't include the planetarium, sky bike, or other extras.  The DaVinci exhibit was ok, but not near what I had expected let alone hoped for. The remainder of the museum has a few areas appealing to adults, but mostly it's designed for 10-year olds.  Yet, a lot of the hands-on stuff could be interesting to adults as well if it weren't for the horrible state of disrepair of many exhibits ... Broken lights, switches, parts, or it just won't work.  Three plus stars for a family with kids, minus at lead one for the cost and many broken exhibits.
3	Sometimes the difference between a three and a four star is a hard one.  I think what separates the difference at a museum is one thing - return ability.The Arizona Science center is some where south of a science museum but makes a decent enough children museum.  The best exhibit for us, actually, was a kinetic/water area as you enter.  It was a lot of fun and the only thing that was worth returning to.  The air area was very weak.Next up was a construction area that was slightly entertaining, but didn't hold our interest for long.  After that, we moved on to a body area.  This is where we spent most of our time. Plenty of interesting exhibits and things for my four year old to interact with.The 2nd floor had a slightly fun area . . .electrical equipment and the like.  The third floor was . . .boring.  Thunderstorm, and a small exhibit at that.The water play area was the highlight.  Though my four year old was entertained. . by 2.5 hours we had saw all we needed to see.  I couldn't imagine getting a membership here. . .there just isn't enough to come back to over-and-over again.
1	Totally boring, I am glad my trip there was free.
5	love this place, in every way!
5	My friend and I went to the Science Museum and Planetarium a couple of months ago. It was awesome. We were going to see a planetarium show about meteors, but since we were the only ones in there the woman in charge, Linda, let us choose whichever show we wanted. We watched the one about black holes. Excellent. Afterwards, she talked us through what our night sky looked like and all the different constellations. Then we went on a roller coaster. Linda was the best thing about our experience. She was friendly and knowledgeable and really fun and she made our trip very unique. Everyone go now!
4	The museum was great fun for the 11-year old I was with. He loved it.  I thought it was good, too.  It was very expensive.What I didn't like at all was standing in line for 10 minutes to buy a ticket when there were only three people in line ahead of us.  Could it be any slower?  How about hiring enough help?Then the girl who sold us the ticket demanded to know my name.  I asked why and she said the computer required it so that if I ever wanted to buy a membership, they would have my name.  Baloney!I do not see why the Arizona Science Center needs my name in order for me to visit.
5	I hosted my granddaughter's 6th birthday party at the Arizona Science Center on April 5, 2014. They did an EXCELLENT job from the first phone call  to the end of the party. Children and adults had a wonderful time and many of the guests took advantage of the free admission to the Center following the party. Five or six staff members were present throughout the party and assisted with activities, serving food, slime demonstration, etc. We have held birthday parties at several locations in the area and none have been as well-organized and fun as this one was. Thank you Science Center!
2	I'm sorry, but I have to say I am not impressed with the AZ Science Center. I bought a family membership, which was pretty expensive, we visited a couple of times, and that was plenty. The exhibits are always the same and kind of boring, except for whatever traveling exhibit they may have, and that costs extra on top of your membership! And I was not at all impressed with the Ripley's exhibit. I can honestly say Ripley's was a rip. Last time we were there, some of the cooler things were broken (like the little bike that goes around in a circle).Overall, it's probably fine for a one-time visit, but I wouldn't waste money on a membership. It gets old fast.
4	A great science center!!  It's large and beautiful.  It's no rival for the massive science museums I've seen in Philly and DC, but it's a great local attraction.I've come here to see an exhibit, BodyWorlds, which was incredible.  I've also been here for the Best of Phoenix A'Fare, an elegant evening out with food and drink.  This place makes a spectacular event venue!  Short of special exhibits or events, just from what I saw, this place is a bit better for kids than for adults - it's not quite extensive enough to draw me there on a special trip.  They seem to feature interesting exhibits failry often, though.
4	I like this place a lot.  I took my little brother here and he had such a blast there with the other kids.  I'm an adult and I found myself playing tug-o-war with the kids and next thing I knew a bunch of other adults were jumping in with the kids and we ended up doing a boys vs girl war.I love their multiple levels of different things to do and their exhibits that they change out like when they did the Da Vinci exhibit, the pirate exhibit, and more.  This is a great place to take kids, they always have lots of fun.Now the only downside is the planetarium movies are expensive!  Before taking my brother I went onto their website to look at what movies they'd have airing, I saw 4 I wanted to go check out and even though the movies are fast like 15 mins to 45 mins depending on what you're watching, it would have cost me over WELL over $50 for the two of us to go see those 4 movies. That's on top of paying for admission to the Science Center.The place is great, I just wish the movies were cheaper.
4	I took my littles here yesterday because I had purchased a Groupon for a membership and figured it was a good investment in my sanity when we didn't have other entertainment lined up for them.  There were a couple of hitches, but overall we had a good time.Firstly, the membership desk process is smooth and easy, and because I purchased a membership for a family of 4 (but have 3 littles plus my husband, making us a party of 5) it was only an additional $10 on top of the Groupon to add another child.  I think that was a great deal!  Also, we parked in the Civic Center Garage by the Science Center and the membership desk validated our parking stub, making a typical $12 parking fee only $5 for the visit.Secondly, the exhibits are FANTASTIC!  We didn't see everything there was to offer, but we viewed quite a bit and all of my kidlets had a blast.  FYI: The weather and natural forces exhibit on the 3rd floor was stupendous! Lastly, we ate a late lunch at the Lab Cafe inside the Science Center, and the food was reasonably priced and pretty tasty: kids meals average about $5 each and adults are around $8 (both sans drinks).  But the flies that were continually buzzing around the dining room and our table were a MAJOR turn off for me and my little guy who's a bona fide germaphobe when it comes to flies landing near his food.  Also, the trashcan right by the exit door was literally overflowing with discarded drink containers, and in the course of 45 minutes I watched no less than 3 employees walk up and meticulously clean the glass doors right next to the overflowing trashcan, and not bother to empty the trash while they were there!  It was beyond odd.  0_oPS:  Don't make the mistake we did by not bringing a stroller for the littlest one...  Daddy and I eventually got exhausted from carrying her everywhere, but as soon as we let her walk around on her own she was off like a SHOT and the place was so crowded we definitely would have lost her in the crowd.  :/PPS: Speaking of the crowds, it was crazy busy yesterday, so a weekday visit would probably be much easier on your nerves.
4	We have a five and two year old and they love this place! There is quite a bit to do, enough that I would say it is worth getting a membership. During really hot weekends it is a great place to bring the kids to run off energy. I do not recommend spending money on the extra exhibits. So far we have seen the Ripley's exhibit and a couple shows at the planetarium and were very disappointed, not worth the extra money.
5	Lots of fun stuff. Planitarium really neat. Great learning and hands on for kids and the kids at heart.
4	GREAT place for families with young and adolescent children. The science center has 4 floors of exhibits plus a lobby with a cafe and gift shop. They also have special birthday party packages and summer camps. Ask about the "bundles" and "membership" because the IMAX, the planetarium, and traveling exhibitions are NOT covered by General Admission, so bundles with membership is the best value for your family. It's worth it because every 2-3 months the traveling exhibitions change themes, so that changes the planetarium and IMAX  shows, too. Garage parking costs per hour but, with validation, a certain % amount is discounted. Arrive early and stay all day so you can fit in the shows with the exhibits.
3	Went to check out the traveling Lost Egypt exhibit yesterday at the Arizona Science Center and had a great time. The science center itself was fun and the Egypt exhibit was cool, I did feel as though it was a little small but I did learn some great facts and got to see some amazing artifacts so all in all it was fun. The cost is a little high but what isn't these days? The price for admission to the science center is $16.95 plus an additional $10 for the Lost Egypt exhibit as well as if you want to see any planetarium shows which are an additional cost as well. We decided to see one planetarium show which was called Cosmic Coasters. It was pretty good but be aware that the seats in the planetarium do not recline which I felt was a let down in comparison to other planetariums I have been to. It's difficult to get the entire view without reclining chairs. The show itself was okay but the guy who was our host answered some questions in the end and took us on a virtual tour of space which was the coolest thing about the whole show. If it would have not been for him doing the Q&A I don't think the planetarium would have been worth the extra $8 a person. The science center does have three floors with different learning platforms. The first floor has a human body type of exhibit with various interactive booths and displays about the human body. For me this was the coolest part of the science center. On the second floor they have various experiments on energy and inertia including laying on a bed of nails and a centrifugal force spinner, both which are cool and especially entertaining for the little ones. The third floor has a weather exhibit which I really enjoyed and a platform which plays a short video called forces of nature and it simulates various weather conditions.Overall I think the Arizona Science Center is a great way to spend the day. I have most certainly been to other science museums in other big cities which have been better but I still had a great time. I would reccommend going here to check it out, just be prepared to spend about $30 a person to see everything.
5	I love this place. Every time I go here, I always get entertained by all the cool stuff they offer. You can even get your parking validated for discounted rates. You can learn a lot of stuff by going there. I recommend going to the extra exhibits if you are wiling to shell out a little bit more money. They have a new 4th floor of eco friendly stuff you can explore now too!
3	Cool for children... Not so much for adults. I came especially for the mummy exhibit and I was kind of disappointed. I liked the little computer stations that talked about Egypt and the actual mummy. Other than that, it was mediocre. I wouldn't recommend paying extra to see it.
4	I bought a Groupon for 2 adults for the Arizona Science Center. It was my first visit and I was eager to see the Lost Egypt exhibit. We paid for our son separately. I was a little disappointed with the Lost Egypt exhibit but overall, we had a really great time. My son has been before. He is 10 and loved it. There is an additional fee for IMAX and the Planetarium... Plus, you'll have to pay for parking. However, the parking can be discounted with validation AND the food in The Lab Cafe was reasonably priced. This is a great place for kids. I
4	Ahh, the Arizona Science Center.The MUSEUM:I have been here countless times since I was in elementary school, and I have to say... it was better back in the day. Not out of nostalgia or anything, although I'm sure that's part of it... But some of the cooler exhibits they used to have have been replaced with slightly less cool ones. Still, it is a nice, cool place to go on a date, especially for two nerds like us. If you are adults looking to go there, well, just don't go during the summer. The sheer number of kids will drive you nuts. Best time to go for people avoiding kids is on a weekday in the morning and during lunch, because most people are eating at the cafeteria during that time so you can have the exhibits mostly to yourself. Let loose, have fun, try out all the exhibits and feel like a kid again.That being said, it IS a great place for kids, I remember spending hours here with my parents and school friends back in the day. You have so much fun, you don't even realize you're learning. That is the best way to learn! Everything is hands-on and if you're lucky, you might even get to be an assistant for one of the demonstrations. They don't know how cool it was back in the day, so they will LOVE it. Especially nerd juniors and whiz kids-- I know because I was one. Ha!The FOOD:Well, it was better back in the day. It (the restaurant AND the menu) has gone under a major renovation since then. It has always been a bit pricey, so if you don't want to whip out your wallet for a small, greasy individual pizza and fries for twelve bucks, I recommend bringing your own lunches instead. The food is okay, if you really want to eat there for the novelty, but really nothing to write home about.The SOUVENIR SHOP:You guessed it-- it was better back in the day. It's true! There were a lot more cool science kits and tons more toys and candy to choose from, but it is still worth a visit. There are plenty of glow-in-the-dark decorations and some nifty little gift items.***In particular, if you love sour candy, I recommend the vials of liquid sour candy, Formula Sour--my husband is a sour candy connoisseur and this stuff gets him to tear up!OTHER:I highly recommend signing up for their email list- They have tons of special events throughout the year and one of them is bound to interest you. We went to the Harry Potter event on Halloween last year and had so much fun! There were special Harry Potter themed decorations and demonstrations, and you could even buy a butterbeer! Most kids were still in school, so it was a really nice time. We already know the museum like the back of our hands, so we could relax waiting for the next demonstration instead of rushing back and forth trying to see everything.I've been to the BodyWorlds exhibit 3-4 times already; I go whenever it has come around, and hope it will come here again soon! You really get to see the wonder of the human body and see firsthand how different muscles and body functions work-- I recommend more for teens and adults, as kids might be frightened by the whole body aspect. Those with easily upset stomachs will not like it either. If you consider going, just remember; these are real bodies, they were real people, and many of them ARE cut open in various places to illustrate certain concepts. If that makes you feel uneasy, don't go!The Arizona Science Center is a pretty cool place for adults looking to break the mold, GREAT for kids, and overall a nice way to spend an afternoon.
2	I'm kind of befuddled as to how this place averages 4 stars.   A good museum is one that wants you coming back for multiple visits.  After two hours, we were done.  Our kids are super-curious and loved places like the Children's Museum right down the road.  There, we would visit a dozen times per year.  I think that this museum just feels tired and limited.  Even with all of the floors, there's just not a lot of sizzle to the exhibits.  A major metro like Phoenix should have a bigger, badder museum.  I guess this just goes to show why this State is ranked in the bottom 5 nationally in all things related to the education of children.  Too bad.
2	Took my in-laws, step-daughter and husband. Was really irked about the prices, felt that we could have done something better for that amount of money. Will one one child in our group we were done in about an hour, but had purchased tickets for the cosmic coasters show at the planetarium. So we went to the Lab Cafe and spent $10 on a sandwich and soda. I think that we would have had more fun if all the "cool" stuff wasn't extra. If you want to do all this be prepared to spend an extra $40 and that is with out getting anything to eat.
2	Attended the Ancient Ales, Modern Science event with several others and was very disappointed. The Ancient Ales that we had the privilege of tasting were fantastic but unfortunately only 1 or 2 of the breweries made it the whole 4 hours. We spent most of our night waiting in line for the breweries whose booths were open and didn't get a chance to see much of the Science Center, thankfully I was with good company.
4	What an amazing exhibit!  Just as advertised, its an amalgam of ancient secrets and modern science. It shows how the modern technology such as CAT scan deciphers what is inside the mummy, it's nature of death, the age of the mummy, it's possible past life, etc. it's possible that I had an amazing time because I'm obsessed with the human body. So if you are too, you will have a great time learning. Another great feature is the gallery of human senses and body features. Everyone who is in the medical field or interested in one can spend hours on this floor. They show videos of aneurysm, CABG, spinal surgeries, and so much more. Arizona Science Center is a must see! The campus is ideal for family, youths and young at heart. Worth the money. Go early as there are tons to see. So easy to spend the whole day there. ENJOY LEARNING!
2	This is definitely a place for families with kids under 10. I've been to many science museums across the US and have walked out completely amazed by the exhibits and "special exhibits" that you pay extra for. After my first time to this particular museum, I was left wondering why I was charged $26 to see a "special" exhibit that consisted of pictures, a few real artifacts and a single mummy.  After being thoroughly disappointed we walked the rest of the museum, which consisted of various sparse exhibits geared mostly towards children. I'm glad there's a place like this to bring kids to help them learn, but I don't see how this museum differs from what I image the actual children's science museum features.
3	This place is located between 7th and 5th streets and Washington in Heritage Square. Heritage Parking garage is on 5th St. Open 10-5 daily except Thxgiving and Christmas. First, much of the center has the exact same exhibits (for years) if you have a membership or go there even once a year. The ones that change every so often cost extra $, and for an already-pricey place, you probably should have a membership or get a free pass from the library. Bad thing...with a membership, the emails you get reminding you that the latest exhibit's last weekend is here forgets to also remind you of the extra price involved. The kids do love the first place you come to...a water display with tons of balls. Only lacking seating for parents. Second, the teens ( all of them) who work here couldn't be less friendly or helpful or glad to have a job...one let a not-full elevator close and ppl were waiting to get on. Who does that? Esp if you clearly have your I-work-here uniform on. Luckily one press of the elevator call button opened the door right back up.Oh, and don't forget to get your parking ticket from the parking garage validated.  Not for free parking, mind you...just a discount. Unless you are lucky enough to find a metered space on the street.One thing I noticed today...at 10 min til closing,  the young housekeeping ppl (3 of them) hover near the bathroom talking in spanish as if they a) have nothing else to do, b) dont want anyone else going in there so as to delay their exit.My son gives it 3 stars and so do I.
5	The Arizona Science Center has interactive learning exhibits  for every age. I've been to the Arizona Science Center on  many occasions and my visits have always been a great experience. The facility itself is impressive, a very nice building with lots of interesting features that you can enjoy for the price of general admission. Before you visit, Arizona Science Center you should  find out what the featured exhibits are.  The featured exhibits  cost extra, but are well worth the money. We saw their special exhibit- Lost Egypt which had alot of hands on activities.  However, my favorite exhibit was the Forces of Nature.  This exhibit allows kids to understand Earth as a dynamic planet.  You will shake to an earthquake,  feel the strength of hurricane winds, the heat of fire and the eruption of a volcano,  it's great.  There is also a bicycle over the main hallways on a cable that you could pedal, a water area outside, and the planetarium, should not be missed.  There is also a  IMAX theatre in 3D with great features.After a long day you can head to the  cafeteria which offers healthy menu items, and is not as expensive as other museum cafes.  If you have a museum membership elsewhere, Arizona Science Center will honor it.  While at the science center you will encounter friendly's staff throughout the building.  The staff is willing and eager to assist  patrons learn and enjoy the exhibits. There are so many hands-on things to see and do, it's impossible to do everything on one visit. If you have time you should stop by and see for yourself.
3	All the kids around had lots of fun... The place was smaller than expected  but very informative for the little ones....
5	Enjoyed our time here! We especially enjoyed the exhibit portion on human health/anatomy. The exhibits are Interactive, educational, fun and informative. While visiting we decided to watch the 3D IMAX documentary on Great White Sharks. My 7 year old girl was fascinated and enjoyed the documentary very much (highly recommend). Fun place for both children and adults!
5	Amazing!!! Glad we bought a membership as after 2 hours still had lots to explore!!!! Can't wait to go back!!!
5	This is such a great place to go over and over again.  The exhibits are always changing and interesting to both kids and those that are just kids at heart!
2	Just moved to Arizona recently and have yet to check out any of the museums, so I decided to try out the science museum today. Nothing impressive. I'm from Toledo, Ohio which is MUCH smaller than Phoenix and we have a wonderful science center/museum so I was really excited to see how great a huge city like Phoenix's science center was. But boy was I wrong. It's pretty small for what I was expecting, the price is OK, but there's just not much to do. They obviously tried very hard but a lot of things were broken, and there's only about 3 real activities per area. Which seems huge but not really considering the size of Phoenix. Just overall blah :(  Sadly disappointed and I will definitely not be returning.
4	This is pretty neat to visit whether you have kids are you are a big kid like I am. It's free to get in which is even more reason to come here.There's a camel as soon as you walk in and is made up of old toys: gingerbread man, Lego, He-Man, She-Ra, Hello Kitty, toy cars and much more. It brought me back to my childhood days when I played with these toys - I wish I kept them.You can learn a lot about the different branches of science such as physics, astronomy, biology and anatomy. They have toys and cool presentations which make learning fun and interactive.There are some parts that you have to pay to get in though.
4	I love this place and my kids love this place.  We have been members for years.  The best part is this membership gets us into other museums throughout the US for free or for a big discount.
