5	Came here knowing what we wanted but still our sales guy "dave" really took care of us here! He was super patient and explained everything from payment options, features of cars, and his personal experiences. When the manager wouldn't go any lower on the price of the car, he even wrote us a personal check to make sure we left satisfied. We did and now a month into owning our new car we are so happy and although we also own a Honda...I gotta say that I think we're Hyundai people now ;)
5	I purchased a 2013 Hyundai Elantra GLS Limited. We started out test-driving Honda Civics. However, after getting us out and driving around, talking with us about what we like vs. what we don't, and being extremely patient as we changed our mind 1000 times, Alicia Stevenson found us the right car. We couldn't be more pleased with the experience of working with Alicia or the purchase of our vehicle. And when it came to the financing and explaining warranties, etc. to us, Casey (can't remember his last name!) was SUPER helpful, knowledgable, and truthful. This is the second car I've purchased from a Zimbrick dealership, and I would totally recommend them again and again. From top to bottom, a class operation and a very friendly and professional buying experience!Chariti Gent, Madison, WI
5	Zimbrick Hyundai West came to my rescue!  On my trip from New York to Vancouver B.C. Canada they were able to service my car without much of a notice.  Service staff deserves an applaud and Kudos for they're professionalism and quick service time.  Thank you!  Recommend this dealership!
5	This review is for service only. I brought my Hyundai Elantra to Zimbrick Hyundai twice in the last year for basic service (15,000 mile inspection and oil change). Easy online appointment scheduling and prompt check-in once I arrived. Comfortable waiting area with coffee, tv, and wi-fi. Quicker service than expected! They also took care of things that I hadn't even requested that were under warranty, such as replacing the windshield wipers. Car always returned cleaner than when I brought it in, both inside and out.Overall stellar service!
1	This is for the Hyundai on the east side.In my quest to find my son's first car, we liked an Accent on their showroom floor.  My son put down what the salesman requested to hold the vehicle, as well as provide all the financial documentation needed.  After a couple of days I called the dealership and the salesman told me that everything was okay and we could pick up the car at any time.  We came in that evening only to see the vehicle still on the showroom floor.  The salesman tried to tell me that was standard procedure.  Next thing I knew, the finance guy is talking to me asking for more financial information and a bigger down payment!  We were told earlier that day that they had all they needed and my son qualified for the loan.  We were set up.  We immediately demanded his earnest money back and we walked!  We will never go to Hyundai again.  Worst car sales experience ever. My son really likes his brand new Kia Rio!
5	My wife and I purchased a used 2012 Hyundai Sonata with low mileage.  Our salesman, Tim, was very friendly and helpful in making the right decision on what type of car to buy.  He never pressured us and he was up front about everything with the car and the buying process.  We would definitely recommend Zimbrick Hyundai West to anyone looking for a great vehicle and smooth buying experience.
