5	Whole Foods is wonderful, albeit a little expensive. If you live nearby, my advice; if you are hankering for some of their delicious, hot food; is to buy it there, but take it home. My reasoning is that the store will tax you for eating on the premises and will add this tax to your bill. Granted, they are pretty clear about this at the checkout and will ask you if you plan on eating the food in the store. Alternatively, pay the tax and enjoy some of the tapas at the in-store wine and tapas bar (go easy on or abstain from the wine if you are driving of course). The atmosphere is pretty decent and the food is even better.Parents will find a great selection of organic and gluten-free products for both themselves and their kids.
5	This review is particular to the 'Block Party' that Whole Foods puts on.  I was invited by Yelp's own Ivonne B, who ended up being my block party tour guide.She took us on a tour of the store, stopping at several locations for a tasting sample.  I've never had grilled pineapple before, and it was such a treat.  It was also my first time for Indian Candy.Ivonne is a spitfire, and made our time spent there enjoyable and entertaining... because she has a real passion for food and nutrition.Sure, I love Whole Foods as much as the next person, but the 'Block Party' proved to be the consummation of our love.And Ivonne let me in on a little Whole Foods customer secret... which if it got into the wrong hands, could be abused.  I'll let you inquire directly from her.
3	Their salad bar here is lacking. I used to go to Whole Foods when I was too lazy to make anything to eat, but didn't want to be riddled with guilt about eating out. The people who work here are friendly and they have a huge selection of canned veggies for salads, as well as other specialty items that may be harder to find out here.They also carry the largest selection of Amy's Organic frozen foods that I adore. mmmmm tofu pockets...
4	This place kicks major boody!Its new, its huge, its very well stocked, there are various free tastings all the times. We were the Sunday and they had Italian wine tasting. With real Wine Master present, never the less. I tasted and tasted and tasted some more LOL Probably tasted 1 1/2 glass worth of different Italian wines. Of course, i bought a bottle too - can not just taste and buy nothing. Their prices are somewhat on the higher end of the spectrum, not as high as AJ's of course. But produce seems to be fresh and variety is nice. That theme pretty much goes through entire store. If i lived really near by i would have gone in there way more often, but for 20 min drive i do not go there too much. All in all, it is great to have such store in the vicinity."I like"
3	I love that I can pick up some stuff that I can't find in other places.  Surprisingly enough I found that they have the best prices on some energy bars.  Most products are way over priced and I think the customer service is lacking.
4	The store is large, roomy, clean, and attractively decorated, even though it bears more of a resemblance to a giant supermarket than some of the Whole Foods stores I've been in (in other states).  They have a decent selection of the stuff I'm looking for.  Their wine selection isn't extensive, but there are some gems hidden in there, as well as in their beer aisle (or so I hear...I can't drink regular beer anymore).  They have organic and biodynamic wines, though.  One of the things I appreciate most is having a good wine guide in the store, and I've found Jim to be extremely helpful and full of stories to tell.  The store hosts food and wine events regularly, none of which I've attended (though they look good from a distance).  In other alcoholic choices, they have some gluten-free beers, but I'm not impressed with any gluten-free beers I've tried.  Then there's the rest of the store.  I can usually find the gluten-free grains or flours I'm looking for.  I appreciate that they sell some grains, beans, etc. in bulk 25 pound bags, like organic pinto beans.  They have a good meat selection, an OK produce area, and what appears to be a dwindling seafood selection (guess people aren't buying that stuff so much anymore).  I can go in and get a lettuce-wrapped burger at the grill counter...just not too late (I think the counter closes at 7).  There are a few disappointments.  The hot food buffet has a so-so selection.  The salad bar always looked pretty sad to me.  I notice there aren't a lot of organic choices in the take-out prepared foods...or in the dessert case...hmm.  I don't like how often canola oil appears in their prepared foods (I prefer olive oil and animal fats).  Lots of ordinary stuff is overpriced compared to other stores.  A note to those with food allergies:  I've encountered mislabeled items in the prepackaged foods, in the dessert cases, take-out, deli, etc.  On a high note, they take nearly anything back (not books & magazines).  I've even taken back some nasty wine.  There are some cool, friendly employees, too.
4	I had a new experience with this Whole Foods last week.... so, I was shopping at Fry's and noticed that several things on my list were actually CHEAPER at Whole Foods - specifically, basmati rice, quinoa, and tofu. I definitely wasn't expecting that...Anyhow, the thing I like about the Chandler Whole Foods is that its vibe is waaayy more low-key than other -snooty-nose-in-the-air Whole Foods.What do I mean? Well, the PV and the Tempe locations always have this snobby vibe to them (The PV one because everyone is rich and snooty, and the Tempe one because the patchouli-smelling hippie workers act like they're better than me just because they have dreds).The Chandler location, however, is just... there. And the staff is really friendly.Basically, it has excellent produce, bulk goods and a nice wine selection. They even have a little area where you can buy glasses or wine, or wine flights, of the selections they sell. That's pretty cool. I've never tasted all the fresh food they sell, like the Japanese station or the calzones, etc. But it looks good.One star off, however, for the salad bar. Two times, I've found wilted lettuce, wrinkly tomatoes and SOGGY ONIONS for sale there. Ick. I've stopped buying the salads there, now, and only do that if I'm at the Whole Foods on Rural and Baseline, which has a better salad selection.
5	Love this location!  Used to eat at the grill every week!  I'd get the organic burgers with crispy waffle fries, and I'd swap out their buns (both whole wheat and onion varieties tasted great!) for Ezekiel sprouted grain.  If you feel like splurging, try their huge beer-battered onion rings or their fried zucchini!I couldn't try the Asian-food counter since everything's laced with corn products and other allergens.  The seafood counter will cook your items for you using whatever spices you'd like to sample before you buy (I love the Roasted meat and Jerk seasonings).  The hot and cold buffet counters used to offer a more-varied selection when they first opened last year.  Recent visits have revealed less-scintillating offerings.  Even the salad bars do not look appealing.  Still, a much better location compared to the one on Rural and Baseline.
4	I'm only writing this for one thing, secretly tucked into the back by the smokehouse.I love the "soup" bar back there. I don't really know what to call it, since it's not soup, but rather the place they put the chili and BBq meats.I think the lamb chili is just flat out superb. Tender, moist chunks of lamb and a variety of vegetables make it one of the best I've ever had. I also am a big fan of the bbq shredded beef. The flavors are rounded and even, not too sharp, hot or sweet.The next thing I really like is the guys who work in the beer department. They are always very willing to match up a brew with the choices you've made for dinner, and even to help push your own horizons on beers. Some of my new samplings are Ol' Chub (don't be scared of the fact it comes in a can), Raisin d'etre (made with golden raisins) and Stone Vertical ale.
5	Ok, I admit, I'm not a huge natural foods person, but its hard to deny Whole Foods goodness.  For starters, they have a great fresh fish selection, especially the smoked whitefish, my absolute favorite.  They also have a great prepared foods counter, where I buy latkes. (those are potato pancakes.)They have a wide variety of food to choose from, and you dont have to be a health nut/vegetarian to shop here.  Everything seems fresh, and the store is huge, clean and well organized.What I don't like, is how expensive they are.  Pricey
5	I've grocery shopped, bought/eaten lunch, bought a latter, bought/eaten dinner, drank and finished up a story using their free WiFi at this Whole Foods.In fact, I did three of those things yesterday.I absolutely love this place. The workers are friendly and extremely knowledgeable, everyone communicates very well and they seem to really enjoy what they do. It's not often a grocery store makes an impression on me, but this one definitely did.I even drive down here from downtown Phoenix a few times a month to meet with friends and close down the bar, which they've reserved for us (along with special menu items and discounted drinks) every time we've asked in advance. Many restaurants aren't this good at handling large groups, but this group is great.I can't recommend this place enough.
5	No, it's not the cheapest place to shop for groceries. But it IS one of the best deals in the valley for dining and drinking.What? Dining and drinking in a grocery store? Oh yes...Go to the Tapas Bar. Marvel over the incredible on-tap beer selection that changes frequently. Salivate over the sandwiches, pizza and salad bar. Then notice how damned friendly everyone is.Need a quick bite? This is your place. Need help picking out a beer? Ask Millicent. Is wine your thing? Jim knows more than you.Fantastic place with fantastic people. That's why I'm there at least once a night. See you for "Final Fridays"?
5	Outside of the food prices and the wandering hippies, this place is awesome and has a little bit of everything.Their produce is tremendous and always fresh.  They have a great deli with a large variety of meats, vegetables and tofu, a hot food bar, a massive salad bar, a soup bar, a wine bar, a sushi bar, a great sandwich counter, great coffee, awesome desserts and a HUGE selection of wines and beers from across the world.One thing I have yet to try, but that I know is awesome, is their meat and seafood counter, where you can select a piece of meat or seafood and watch them prepare it and cook it right in front of you using whatever spices you want.All of this, on top of their very evident attempt to give customers helpful information on organic living.  They host a plethora of events, from wine tastings to book readings, all in an attempt to help get the community together for a common cause.  East Vally Friday Nights is a regular happening at this location, too. Their customer service is top notch, too.  I go to this Whole Foods frequently, and every time they always go out of their way to help me if I need it or if I have any questions.Oh, and did I mention they have free WiFi?
4	I was dumbfounded when I walked into this "grocery store". It's not just a grocery store at all. When you walk in and go all the way to the right side of the store you'll find a sandwich area, who make made-to-order sandwiches on a delicious baked-in-store bread in just a few minutes. Then, keep walking back and you'll find the wine and beer bar- complete with $1.99 wine samples if there's a new variety you'd like to try. Also, to my boyfriend's extreme pleasure they have a sushi chef in house who made him some killer volcano rolls. I walked around the place checking out the goods and ended up finding a few must have items that I had to get on my way out- such as a piece of carrot cake from their all-organic bakery. Boy, was it rich and delicious :) Can't wait to head back and try some more of their selection
5	We were just there again last night. Again, they blew our expectations away.Seriously, if you are looking for fantastic food, some good beer and being taken care of by people who care, you're probably not going to a grocery store. Well... you should be going to *this* grocery store.
5	Another great meal and a new beer discovered back in the wine/tapas area. I love that they're knowledgeable about what they're pouring, not just pulling whatever name somebody grunts and points at.I've eaten from every one of their "stations" now, and love them all. It sounds odd meeting someone for lunch/dinner at a grocery store, but hey, they get over it.I usually take a load of groceries or other shopping stuffs (they have a lot more than just food) home with me. I live a fair distance away, which is a shame or this would be our regular store.
4	When I want to eat well, I go here. It's big and beautiful, and I love shopping here. They don't have anything that's not natural (hence their name), so if you want A1 or something like that, forget it. But if you want to eat well, buy fresh and find a ton of new things, go here!I also meet up with a group #EVFN here often, since it's close to my house. They accomodate us very well, give us discounts, and welcome us back everytime. The buffalor burger and cheese plates are the best.If you like beer, come here. You can drink it here, or take it home. If you want to try a new beer, the staff is well versed and can reccomend varietals. My only hesitation (hence the 4 stars) is that when buying organic you pay more; here you will pay more than places like Safeway.
4	Whole Foods has been accommodating #EVFN for several months now. Typically, they are well prepared for us giving us discounts on food and beverages. I am a picky sushi eater and their sushi chef does a fabulous job on the caterpiller rolls he makes. The wait staff knows many of us by name. They usually have to kick us out we stay so late. It is a nice place to relax and chat with friends, new and old. This is the "go to" grocery store. Jim in the wine department sets up wonderful tastings and always has an ear to listen to his customers. He will order wines that the store doesn't carry. The store itself is clean and the staff are always willing to help.
4	I go to Whole Foods precisely once a month, on the final Friday. It's a freaking party in a grocery store!#EVFN (East Valley Friday Nights) happens in the Wine & Tappas bar. Starts at 6:00pm on the last Friday of the mont until they boot the last straggler out.I'll freely admit it, I don't know what the hell a Tappas is. But I know what beer is, and Whole Foods has a veritable "Wall O' Beer" to choose from.The staff is great, the food is good, the eclectic mix of EVFN'ers is awesome. That Whole Foods not just tolerates us but *welcome* us is very cool.A party in a grocery store. Whodathunkit?
4	This Whole Foods is large, roomy and has all the kewl stuff that I cannot afford. Maybe an organic apple...but that's about it! Ha.ha... I typically go to Whole Foods Market for Homeopathic medicine and to pick up some essential oils. This place is a little out of my way so I end up here every two months. Last time I swung by, there was a very helpful gentleman in the apothecary department. He took the time to take me around the store as I blurted out different things I needed/wanted. You know, I like the kind of service where they look you in the eye when you speak to them and don't get a smirk started when you ask for the grapefruit seed extract etc.Anyways, when you enter this Whole Foods, be prepared for an amazing smell of all the fresh fruit they have laid out for you to peruse. Nothing like the sterile smell when you walk into a Fry's or other large grocery stores. The apples smell good even when you get them home and I have been trying to get hubs to eat an apple at his lunch for five years and even though he doesn't know where the apples come from, he always, always eats the ones from Whole Foods. They just give off this true apple-e smell. I think I am going back to WF today for the apples. Like their return policy. The receipt says that you can bring back most things with a receipt.
4	I am being forced to yelp on whole foods by my wife.  she says:-I love everything about it.-It has a good energy.-It has good baked goods.-It has good coffee.-I feel like I'm doing something good for the environment when I eat at their organic salad bar.Now, for my yelp.  They have this chocolate chip scone purportedly grown by someone local, and they always run out of it by like 11 am.  The reason: because it's goddamn phenomenal.  Flaky, delicious, with golf-ball sized chocolate chips.  It is really top notch.I also had a cheese danish there and it was exceptional, too.  It made me have second thoughts about buying the scone, once.It is a good place to go for lunch because they have a jillion different stations like tapas, pizza, carvery, asian food, etc. and they let you taste anything.  But I do have to say that the food is not always delicious enough.  I attribute this to any of the many reasons my wife likes the place--all boiled down to the fact that there probably isn't much butter or grease in the food.And the pricing--well, they're pretty proud of the stuff they serve.  But overall, i like the ethos of whole foods (even though they are probably a giant company ripping off the little guy in some way) and I give it a solid four stars.
4	Love the daily specials at The Smokehouse Grill!  I had the cheeseburger with cheddar and a side of waffle fries ($4.99 plus tax).  I've had quite a few perfectly-shaped burger patties there in the past, and it's probably just the way the patty was shaped this time around, but it was a little disappointing to see more bread than meat.  However, there was a lot of meat in this dish, so I couldn't complain.  Medium rare is perfect.   I chose to dine at the wine bar this time around, and I must say I do not like its austere surroundings.  Perhaps I shouldn't sit so close to bottles of wine and try the tables closer to the bar.  I do appreciate that a server at the Smokehouse will take platters of food and walk them to the wine bar should you choose to dine there, but I prefer dining at the Smokehouse grill counter- it's warmer and more inviting there, reminiscent of a lux pub.
3	This Rating is for the Sandwich Bar Only.. I ordered the following: Turkey, mozzarella, avocado, spinach, ground mustard on ciabatta. Panini style. The sandwich was assembled to perfection! Placed on the panini press. My mouth was watering, I could not wait for this masterpiece. However, to my surprise, the sandwich was ripped from the press, in a matter of seconds. It was beautifully marked with the press lines. However, it did not appear the press was given sufficient time to work its magic. You know, the slow heating; so the cheese melts, covering all of the other items on the sandwich; creating a wonderland of flavors! The sandwich artist handed me the wrapped sandwich, I was still hopeful. Maybe, just maybe, it was my imagination, and the panini would really be a panini. I arrived home; opened the package with great anticipation - Nope, it was just a sandwich, with panini marks on the outside. Cold on the inside. It was tasty, but far from a true panini. If you go, ask them to turn down the temp on the panini press, let the sandwich slowly heat up and melt down - like all panini's should........
5	When I was 28 years old, I started drinking alcohol. I'm now 30. Before I started drinking, I had a certain amount of knowledge about the world. Let's say, for example, I had accumulated 28 knowledge points. A mere two years later, I would say I'm at 56 knowledge points. I have learned much more about life than I would have ever predicted. I've gained 700 Facebook friends. I've garnered stories that would make a porn star, new to the industry, of course, blush. It's difficult to shock the DV/DA-hardened veterans (physically impossible btw - if you have video to prove otherwise, I'll pay to see it). I've punished my body with 10 day benders. I've had the shakes from withdrawal. I've known two consecutive sun rises and sun sets with no sleep. A navy seal, I am not. A grizzled drinking veteran, yeah, a little bit. Abu J, I know you're gonna call me a light-weight. I grant you, there is always more to learn. My parents generously endowed me with a hardy appetite for rock superstardom, but selfishly withheld the genes for a functioning musical ear and a giant member. Thanks for nothin, mama. (Interesting side note - one of my ex gf's thinks my mom and I are in love. This comes from a woman who communicates with her mom once a fiscal quarter.)But then Andrew K was in my car one day and he INSISTED we listen to the country station. And a song came on by Phil McGraw... Yup, Dr. Phil.  I think Ill take a moment, celebrate my ageThe ending of an era and the turning of a pageNow its time to focus in on where I go from hereLord have mercy on my next thirty yearsHey my next thirty years Im gonna have some funTry to forget about all the crazy things Ive doneMaybe now Ive conquered all my adolescent fearsAnd Ill do it better in my next thirty yearsMy next thirty years Im gonna settle all the scoresCry a little less, laugh a little moreFind a world of happiness without the hate and fearFigure out just what Im doing hereIn my next thirty yearsOh my next thirty years, Im gonna watch my weightEat a few more salads and not stay up so lateDrink a little lemonade and not so many beersMaybe Ill remember my next thirty yearsMy next thirty years will be the best years of my lifeRaise a little family and hang out with my wifeSpend precious moments with the ones that I hold dearMake up for lost time here, in my next thirty yearsIn my next thirty yearsThis song struck me. Right in the baby maker. What a fucking loser I have become... I have in many ways downgraded the parts of my humanity that society values. I was productive in my past life. Had a solid career path. A brilliant, ridiculously talented woman loved me. With visceral fortitude, I have displaced entirely the concept of self-discipline. Of a work ethic. The desire to work just a little harder than the schmuck next to me... No, not you Z. But in other ways I love who I've become. I'm charming. I'm easy, whatever you want to take that to mean. I don't judge anyone for anything, except my exes, who I seem incapable of forgiving (just kidding Amber). I find it incomprehensibly energizing to meet new people. On many levels, if I weren't me, I would at least want to be my friend. That's how much I like who I've become. So the point of all this... You had to know I would get there eventually, is that I need to find a balance. A balance between where I've been, where I am and where I see myself going. Whole Foods is that answer. It is THE answer. They have the right products for me to learn to be a better human. A balanced carbon-based humanoid. They have shampoo that makes my scalp tingle. Soap that makes my privates tingle (BUY IT). They have food that makes my tongue tingle. One area that I'm really focusing on right now is my diet. According to the enneagram, I'm an average 7, which is an excessive hedonist. And I've totally been a pig of the epicurean sty... I was an unrepentant glutton. The only thing that kept me under 220 lbs was vanity. Even as a vegetarian. But I've always known, in my little ticker, that I should live as cruelty-free as possible. So, one area I'm implementing discipline is in the diet sector by becoming a vegan. Unfortunately, the selection at WF is so good, I don't even have to employ any discipline. I can eat the same shit I've always eaten and it's delicious and no poor creature had to suffer for it. Life is almost too good. How did this happen?I could go on. This place rules. I love it so much. Like the love affair I'm having with my mom.
5	What can I say, I love whole foods or whole paycheck as some call it.  You have to be a little particular because it is pricey.  The produce is phenominal, service always good, beats starbucks when it comes to a mocha or coffee, and they have so many cool things.  It seems that they are running sales more because of the economy, which is a good thing.  We go there 2 - 5 times per month for this or that, love it.  Also, the berry smoothie they make at the coffee stand is very good.
5	Okay, I am thrilled with feeding my three kids lunch or dinner here.  Everyone can get what they want to eat from all the different stations.  Sometimes one of the kids wants a roasted chicken leg from the Smokehouse Grill for $1.50, sometimes someone wants sushi rolls from the Asian counter- spicy shrimp rolls, or avocado rolls, ect for between $5-$10, ect.  Then we go to the cold drinks and get fancy sodas for 50c or fancy honeydew white tea for $1.50, ect.  Then we all sit down at a table in the store or by the registers and eat.  Cheap meal, lots of choices and everyone is happy.
4	9/10/09The Smokehouse Grill was featuring a special on a few of their popular burgers- $4.99 buys you a burger and a side, from a selection of four or five burgers.  I've never tried their "gorgonzola burger," so I chose that with a side of waffle fries.  (If you haven't tried WF' waffle fries and you're a waffle-fry kind-of-guy/gal, then you're missing out!)  With my order on the grill, I headed to the Wine and Tapas bar to sample a few wines.After choosing a bottle to take home (Kung Fu Girl Riesling $14.99), I made a quick stop to try a few new cheeses at the cheese counter (I really do love this WF location!!) before ending up at the Grill to savor my delectable gorgonzola burger.And delectable it was!  First, I always choose the caramelized onion-studded bun, which is usually slightly-toasted on the grill.  The lettuce leaves and slices of tomatoes always are crisp, look appetizing, and taste fresh.  And the gorgonzola?  Just perfect little mounds on top with the bottom layer cajoling me to hurry up and savor the first bite as it begins to melt against the perfectly-cooked organic and grass-fed burger patty!  I had eaten about half of this delightful (not) little gem when I noticed a few pieces of what looked to me like 'shrooms.  As some of you may know by now, 'shrooms and I do not get along, even though I love them dearly.  It was then that I knew why I hadn't tried their "gorgonzola burger."  This selection is usually denoted as a g & m burger, but for convenience's sake, someone omitted that fact on the daily special board.  You can now thank me that in the future, the staff at the grill will no longer take shortcuts when listing down their daily specials.I must commend the staff on how they chose to handle this error.  Not only did they offer to replace the burger I was currently eating (from which I continued to pick out those offending pieces that I could detect), with a new platter, minus the 'shrooms (yep, more waffle fries too!), but I was also refunded the purchase price.  This second measure I thought was very generous of them- one corrective measure was sufficient, and yet Whole Foods offered me both!  Whole Foods' consistently fantastic customer service is what makes me continue to drive all the way to Laveen to shop there, as well as choose it as a gourmet destination, as well!Thank you Whole Foods for your excellent customer service policies, which you not only advertise, but implement with no guilt imposition whatsoever!  I feel a need to put forth shout-outs to Toni and Angela (who I first met at the Grill a few years ago), to Jim who usually helps me out at the Wine bar, to those lovely chocolate counter clerks that let you sample gelatos and choccies before you buy (or not!), and a general thank you to all the friendly staff that help to make my experiences at WF pleasant everytime!
3	I'm in agreement with Anandita: If you've got to shop at a Whole Foods, this is the one. The only attitude I got was from a couple cougaresque velour-tracksuited shoppers, not from the staff (who were all refreshingly down-to-earth and friendly).If you're straying from mainstream essentials, they are surprisingly price competitive (or even cheaper than) mass-market grocers. For "normal" food it's still Whole Foods and still often inordinately expensive. Their meat department usually makes me laugh.But if you're looking for something weird enough even Sprouts doesn't carry it, chances are Whole Food not only has it but has an employee who can tell you all about it.
5	I love Whole Foods. I take my kids here once a week at night to grab dinner and we can all get something healthy and fresh. The selection of food here, both ready-to-eat and packaged, is phenomenal. The prices are competitive unless you really buy the premium stuff, so there are a lot of choices.The employees are knowledgeable and will help you find stuff. Many of them can spout off all kinds of information about their area of specialty. Think you can call a Safeway asking for some weird kind of apple, and not only have the produce manager know the growing season and geography of that apple, but offer to call you when they get it in? No, no, y no. Call Whole Foods, for sure.Every time I've asked for something at Whole Foods, they go above and beyond. Last night I asked for corn syrup, and an employee practically hurdled the customer service counter in their haste to help me find it. They looked genuinely sorry that they didn't have it.Also, they have a liberal return policy. This is good in case a naive and overambitious consumer accidentally buys a really smelly cheese and stanks up his car with it and then wants to return it just for being a huge mistake. Not that I know anything about that.Anyway, you can't go wrong here.
5	I used to frequent the Whole Foods in Campbell, CA.  It was a nice, clean little store with nice produce, friendly staff, a homey feel.  It was one of the places I was going to miss when I moved to AZ.  Ah, but then I moved to Chandler and found this AMAZING Whole Foods!!! This store is beautiful!  And it's BIG!  You don't bang carts with fellow shoppers or have to wait for everyone to clear the milk eisle for you to get in.  There is pleanty of room for all!  They have an amazing produce section, an awesome deli, a wine bar, and smoked meats section!  The day I went to visit it was mostly because Sweet Republic had twittered saying they would be there giving out free samples.  So I made the trip to check out my local Whole Foods.  This one carries Sweet Republic Ice Cream in pints so if I really need a fix, it's not far.This is truely a beautiful store.  The staff was very friendly too. And helpful.  The store is clean and well organized and they even have tables and chairs set up for you to eat your purchases from the deli.  There is a nice little wine bar too.  If you are a fan of Whole Foods, this is an amazing store!!
4	I knew there was a reason why I called this place Whole Paycheck. I had inadvertently coined that when one had opened down the street back in Vegas. I was absolutely gobsmacked at the prices...but they carried the higher end things I used for baking so I didn't complain (too much), but hubby sure did make up for it.So now I know why stuff is so pricey - just go to this place. I was here back in December (and forgot to yelp about it...bite me!) and I nearly fainted at the sheer size of this place -- and the man at the tapas bar in the back said I had to come back for the wine tasting that weekend.Seriously? Wine tasting? A tapas bar? Pasta bar? BBQ place smack dab in the middle of the food? I went into sensory overload. Bright lights, music, kids screaming everywhere, and food samples. I was having costco flashbacks. In a bad way.I actually had to walk out for a few mins. I shouldn't have come here on my own. I needed someone to cling to because I have never been this overwhelmed in my entire life...ok, I have been, but that was in a different country and in an entirely different situation. Anyway, I ended up running (literally) into a friend who was checking out the place...and my co-dependent butt had a friend to cling to. In the end, she was clinging to me because she was far more overwhelmed than I was.It didn't help that I was hungry so I ended up at the sushi bar there...it was a little pricey for my taste, but sweet jebus...that sushi was good. *SO* good I had some made for my dinner later on that night.I ended up purchasing some grapeseed oil so I could make my own sugar scrub. I was having issues with forking out so much for grapeseed oil in places like Safeway where, for 8 oz, it cost $7.99. I got 24 oz for $10. Not gonna complain about that! I also bought some charcoal as I was having a craving for BBQ...and this was one Whole Foods where there was NO attitude. Nor pissy cashier, no snarling workers. They got me!Whole Paycheck...takes your whole paycheck and builds places like this....and you can be thankful (or angry, depends on the type of person you are) they made good use of your money.
4	This location has a great wine and beer selection.  They also have an awesome Wine and Tapas bar.  The prices on wine and beer by the glass are totally reasonable.  The staff is friendly and always happy to talk to you about the latest and greatest on my favorite subject booze. That Whole Paycheck thing is BS.  You just need to know what to buy.  These guys have some great, affordable events as well.
4	This may be the coolest market place Arizona has ever seen. This Whole Foods is truly a market. Inside this store is contained an organic grocer, a deli, BBQ food restaurant, wine & beer bar, cheese shoppe, Asian/sushi bar &, WAIT FOR IT........The best/largest Craft BEER selection I have ever seen outside of Tops Liquor Store. Why not 5 Stars? It's a bit pricey!!! Worth it beyond a doubt when I can afford it!
4	03/05/10On my way to Whole Foods, I called to find out what the daily specials were.  The rep on the phone started reading off the specials and she had me at crab-stuffed salmon.  I sometimes order my selection/s on the phone prior to arrival, but I had shopping to do, so I decided to wait.  (Yes, you read correctly- you can place your orders on the phone!)The salmon special ($6.99 and came w/ a side) was prepared w/ wild-caught salmon and a mayo-based crab stuffing.  While the platter looked great (beautiful crust!), the crab stuffing wasn't flavorful enough; Indeed, I found it too simple and reminded me of dips (or pats of butter) that have been sitting too long in the fridge :(  The salmon was also a little overcooked and too dry.  But waffle fries usually save a dish for me, so this venture wasn't a total loss.  If this dish could be prepared to be more tender and moist, I'd order it again.  Four stars bec. I really do love this Whole Foods location, but for this meal, just two-stars :(
4	03/19/10Awesome $6.99 seared wild ahi tuna salad special today!  Some pieces were slightly overcooked, while others had beautiful rare centers, and the presentation could've been better, but the flavors were what mattered!  Ample salad portions, and the balsamic vinaigrette was delightful.  A couple of squeezes of the lemon wedge, and everything was perfect :)  I did request that they grill the accompanying slice of bread-- a bit too toasted, but I worked w/ it.  I've since gone back for two more of these specials, and I'm just happy to be able to enjoy wild-caught fish once in awhile.  (Otherwise, I bypass seafood.)  Thanks, Smokehouse Grill!
5	05/05/10Another great update from the Smokehouse Grill-- the Steak and cheese sandwich (comes w/ your choice of side), one of a few on the daily specials' board.  The waffle fries alone would make any meal worth the daily special price, but my pick today was just shoe-dropping good!!  The meat was cooked just right- superbly seasoned and had great texture.  I love onions best when they're caramelized, and these had a nice bite to it and added just enough sweetness to counteract the saltiness of the cheese.  Oh, but don't forget the bread!  These had a great crusty exterior and, yet, soft inside... Yum!  I want another, please!
5	Whole Foods, should be called Fantastic For Your Whole Health Foods! Where to start? The veggies were farm fresh. They even have lots of local choices.  The seafood was excellent!  They have several items they have smoked in-house. Can't wait to try them, yum! The wine selection, yahoo!  Meats, cheese, breads, olive bar, hot bar, pizza, soups, salads, sushi, deli, chocolates and to top it all off a Tapas and Wine bar!We shopped until our stomachs overruled our shopping list and got some great food.  We purchased 365 soda with cane sugar to go with the kids' California rolls in brown rice and whole wheat crust cheese pizza.  The wife and I shared a Caprese Baguette and an AZ Tuesday wrap, the veggie wrap.  We all got to share everything, the kids even shared their sodas with us.  It was all great!We purchased several other items including our new found favorite...LARA BARS!  Whole Foods has all the flavors. The ingredients list on the box are in 14pt font, really large for ingredients listing, because they are all natural.  A must try and only $1.49 a bar.  We bought 13 different flavors, back on subject.The store is super clean and well lit!  The staff always eccentric and extremely helpful.  There's just too much to write in a review, if you haven't shopped at Whole Foods before, stop what you're doing and treat yourself ASAP!
5	Just wanted to take some time to say how much I love everything about this place.  Their fish, meat and produce are all simply amazing.  The staff is always SO friendly and theres always tons of testers (yum).Best salad bar in the valley, hands down.  Their prepared foods are really nice as well.  The cheese dept totally rocks, I especially love the little bin w/ small pieces of reasonably priced cheese, I usually grab one or two pieces of something I've never tried when I go.Keep it up Whole Foods!
5	Tonight I was hanging out in the Tapas bar for #evfn (east valley friday nights). This is not my first time, and every time I attend I wonder why I can't get there once a month for this great event. It is SO worth it! They have special offers for #evfn guests, and the food is amazing. You can pretty much get whatever you want from the many different "restaurants" inside the store. As well as the alcohol- just go grab a bottle of your favorite brew and they will serve it to you. As for the grocery store itself- well you can't get a better collection of specialty and organic foods. Now they just need to open a store out in the Gilbert area! Whole Foods are you reading? I want to give you more of my money, but you need to be closer!!
4	I love the selection of organic meat and great veggies. Good specials for the mayor on Foursquare too (oops sorry Yelp!!).
5	This is still a 5 star store.  They have everything I need and then some.  But I searched and searched for the Sweet Republic Ice Cream and, sadly, I did not see any.  Maybe they were all out.....I hope that was the case because I loved that I could go to Whole Foods and get my Sweet Republic without going all the way to their store.  I also noticed that they now have local beers from San Tan Brewery.  I even found a pamphlet that tells what they offer in the store that is locally grown or made.  I love it!
5	This is by far my grocery store of choice.  For things like laundry detergent and toothpaste I go elsewhere, but for produce, meat and other food stuffs, this is my go-to place.  Everything seems to be fresh and of good quality.  Their selection is good, prices ok, and their workers are very friendly.  Oh and lets not forget their samples because most of the time they are plentiful and awesome.I love their different food stations that cover just about everything under the sun.  My wife and I love to stop at their sushi and/or sandwich station to eat before we finish our shopping.  The food is pretty reasonably priced as well.  I love the sandwiches - even the all veggie one (who knew!?!?)  Oh...and their beer/wine bar thing is pretty awesome as they always have interesting things on tap.I do however have 2 main gripes about this place though.  #1, they rarely have garbage cans near their sample stations.  What if you have to throw away a toothpick or napkin that comes with the sample?  Or, what if you don't like the sample altogether?  #2, it seems like their beer/wine bar thing isn't staffed most of the time so it can be a bit difficult to get a drink.
4	For those of you that LOVE sashimi like I do (raw fish for you non foodies) this is the next best place to buy your raw fish, other than going out to places like Kobe or Stingray.  Ask the fresh meat department if they have any grade A sushi food such as salmon or swordfish, usually runs around $10 a pound for the swordfish.  Take it home, cut it up with some soy and wasabi and nothing could be better.  Best place in town to buy your organic vegetables and fruit as well.
5	7/17/10Decided I'd try a customized sandwich at the sandwich bar.  For the price of a comparable roasted vegetable pesto panini ($6.99 plus tax), I chose focaccia bread, red bell peppers, asparagus, yellow squash, caramelized onions, hummus, kalamata olive tapenade, brie, and roasted garlic.  (Ask them nicely to get the garlic from the pizzeria next door; They usually will oblige, as most of the WF employees I've encountered love their jobs and are fantastic that way!)  Let me tell you, EVERY bite was utter bliss!  Oh, yeah!  What makes this sandwich amazing?  No, not the brie, for I've omitted this from succeeding orders.  It's not the caramelized onions.  No, it's the hummus!  And the tapenade!  Try it!  If focaccia isn't your thing, try the ciabatta rolls.  Oh, and if you're unfortunate enough to visit after they've turned off the hot press, the soft whole wheat rolls are good to use, and good for you, too!
4	Good for a quick lunch, big variety. Vitamin selection is OK, seems overpriced.
5	This place is without question the best place to shop, and eat if you are looking for high quality vegan, and or organic fare of any kind. my wife and i eat there much. our favs are (the buffalo poboy in the sandwhich stand), (the hummus pizza), and of course the salad bar cannot be beat. we like to cook most of our own food because we like to know what we are eating, but the restaurants here are trustworthy in that when they say they are giving you a vegan meal that is what you are getting. (unlike sweet tomatoes, dont even get me started on them). so if you decide to shop here, please give the restaurants a try. they are on course with other vegan places, and many times it costs less. A huge hummus pizza for $10.99? YA BABY! dont forget to hit the bar for some beer on tap. some of the best available in the area. great happy hour on friday. (TRAVEL SAFELY THOUGH ALWAYS DESIGNATE A DRIVER PERIOD!!!!) i would like you to enjoy the beer not the jail cell!now that i think of it this place has to much to write about in just one review. especially if you are vegan. it is worth the trip.
4	What I'm snagging:1.  Varlhona cocoa powder (sold in containers by weight) for baking2.  cheeses and those little 360 mini toasts3.  Italian pancetta & proscuitto and Spanish chorizo in the deli(?) section4.  Sweet Republic ice cream next to the bakery5.  an occasional burger at the BBQ bar
5	Hello!Again shopping, every week shopping, does it ever end. Probably not, so might as well spend it here with my favorite sandwhich, (Buffalo PoBoy  on wheat w/ extra Frank's and a pickle $6.99, bag o 365 seasalt and pepper organic chips, zevia black cherry, and of course the vegan coconut macaroon cookie. yum  e!Not even $12 for the two of us. (It's a good thing)Review time!Curbage: 10 (i love WF)P factor: 10 (recycled paper towels, and awesome organic lotion soap) nice and clean for a grocery storeTodays experience: 10That sandwhich really hit the spot today! Great job WF c u next timeLate!gordo
5	We meet again. Yes!Stopped by for some more WF shopping today and decided on the $10 pizza special (this thing is gargantuan!) hummus and friends on whole wheat for $10 R U Kidding Me? Nobody does this! YUM E!review time!curbage: 20 (this means double YA!)p factor: i dunno didn't have 2 gofood: 10 (i love this vegan pizza)As yes we happened to partake in some beeeeeeereewski! YUM EE! 29 yeasty beverages on tap. and as Homer says (Beeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrr!)My pick 2day: Deschutes The Abyss 2010 reserve A licorice toned cask aged stout review time!beer: 11 YUM EEE!GO PACK!!!!
5	Holy cow this guy is a WF junkie!Well I was kinda before but yesterday put me over the edge. We stopped in for our normal shopping and discovered they had put in some dart boards and booths in the "Tasting room".A place with 29 Craft beers on tap.  Three hours later mutiple samples and a "Black dog" later. WOOF!! I have to thank James and Seth for thier hospitality and recomendations. On top of that I ran into one of my friends Matt ( I call him frogger cause of the way he drives on the highway) and we had some fun drinkin some samples and enjoying the new digs over a sandwhich from the new "tasting room" menu YUMMMMMMAAEEEEE!. Good times. good times! I gotta feeling I will be here more. I do wish i could "check in" on my phone but my phone doesnt do that. :( Anyway Fantastic job WF!!!!review timeTasting room curbage: 14.5 (way over the top)P factor: 7 ( could have used some attention today)food: 10 (my favorite sammich)beer: 99 (Black dog/ half dogfish head world stout18% and half Avery "the beast 16%)I cannot put enough i"s in niiiiiiiiiiiiiice to describe this beer, you have to try it yourself. A word of warning though, THIS BEER IS NOT FOR ROOKIES! It is very strong and will get you into la la land!Cant wait till next time!Late!Gordo
5	Seriously, could I love this place MORE? I think not. I'm a Whole Foods fan in general, but this store is really great in particular. It's bigger than the Tempe location and always has a good variety of stuff.I've been known to go there on payday just to kill a few hours and treat myself to fun, healthy stuff I didn't even know existed. Kamut cereal? Sure! Loose leaf rosehip tea? Why not! Coconut milk yogurt? Count me in!Plus, the hot/cold food bar is to. Die. For.There's always great veggie/vegan options and the salad fixins are always fresh. If you go on Wednesdays, it's $5.99 a pound instead of $7.99!I could kill so much time browsing the body products and sniffing essential oils... and I rarely leave without picking up one of their tasty chocolate truffles by the espresso bar. If you want a fun time to visit, check out East Valley Friday Nights at 6PM the last Friday of the month (#EVFN) for a great evening with the happenin' local social media crowd. I think it's great they host this, and I've had fun both times I've went.Two enthusiastic thumbs up!
5	A WALL of beer with brands you can't live without, i.e. Ska brewery, Green Flash, Leinenkugels, with a A+ beer manager named James who knows MORE than you'll ever need to know about  beer!!  check them out for sure...
5	Sorry it took so long to give my sans the Eggs n Kegs update,but I'm just recovering. Holy cow the whole day was a party that didn't stop at The Watering Hole! I think all in all even everyone at Whole Foods was shocked at the turnout. Many people ate great food and there was about a fifty fifty mix of those who chose the beer pairing, or go out on a limb and try something new with some encouragement from others, (like me who said "come on, venture to the dark side! Which one is good you ask? well this one, and this one, and this one),or decided to be boring and go with "the usual". (ho hum,snore, bow ring!) Anyway, it seems as if all had fun, and Im sad we missed the arrival of the Brews and Cruise gang, so I am not sure how many brave soles decided to venture out on bikes in a drunken stuper in 50ish degree rainy weather, but to those who did, and I'm sure there are, my helmet is off to you, and I hope you enjoyed your tour. I love to ride but? Maybe all that beer was a good thing.Again I have to thank James and all who worked so hard, I believe they did the best they could for an inuagural event. Everyones recommendations were top notch. I guess that as a beer guy I really enjoy talking to people who know thier beer. My wife and i enjoyed this event and hope to attend again.Review time:Curbage:7 (for this specific event I would have to say it was kept fairly low key, but based on this is the first and they didnt know what to expect thats probably a good thing.P factor: 10(with all that beer u know u have 2 go) clean today and the checklist was signed Food:9 (We both had the  Vegetable Garden  Antipasto  $7.99Grilled Asparagus, Roasted Root Vegetable, Avocado, Hard Boiled Egg, Sunizona Petite Power Greens, Spinach,  Roasted Red Pepper and Meyer Lemon Vinaigrette, 86 the egg)As a fancy meal I would say that I did enjoy it but quite frankly it just was not nough food, im a big guy and I like to eat, so we ended up getting some vegan hummus pizza from the pizza bar. (never fear Underdog is here! dut dut ta da or something like that) in the end though I wish that I had tried the Root veg Hash 86 the non vegan things, more food and it looked very appetizingBeer pairing; Saison Dupont: Unknown (as they were out so another was substituted and frankly at this time I dont remember what it was but it was good.) I am saddened to learn that I can no longer get a "black dog" as the Avery "the Beast is no longer available. sigh It is in my top 5 all time favs, Until the next brewing:We did try Victory at sea a chocolate aged porter which was like heaven in your mouth. I give it somewhere in the 90's as im not an expert beer rater or anything so thats my story and I may stick to it. Thanks for reading!ugg I think i need some next morning oatmeal or something. Late!Gordo
4	I had a great lunch at Whole Foods today! I went looking for something they do not stock anymore :( and ended up eating a surprise lunch. I had an "ok" sandwich but my significant other had a chicken teriyaki bowl and it was AMAZING. I probably could have eaten 3 of them! I was pleasantly surprised. It was good, fast, and not too expensive!
5	Completely impressed.  It's the freshest, cleanest store in town.  A little pricey, but shopping the sales isn't too bad.  They have a bunch of little grills and bakery's inside, plus sushi bar.  Huge cheese wheels.  You can spend hours here browsing all the shelves.
5	Best organic whole grain bread...Rudi's and I can only find it at WF.  Black kale only at WF, best place for organics....WF.This store is never overly crowded and love the fact that the baggers know how to pack a reusable grocery bag that I carry in.
5	i have always loved  whole foods but this one tops them all as they have an amazing bar with at least 20 beers on tap- microbrews and imports. they have a beer class every friday at 7:00pm and james, the brewmaster, is super knowledgable and does an awesome job. they have mini restaurants in the store so you can eat while you drink. i look forward to my friday nights off so i can go, be educated, and have great beer!
5	Seriously guys, if you haven't been to Wholefoods you have to hit this place up! They recently updated their BAR area - yes I said BAR area in a grocery store!! What? I know it's crazy but they have over 29 beers just on tap and the biggest beer wall I've ever seen - they say the wall has over 600 different types of beers....... Wowie Zowie! The coolest part was they let me take a beer from the wall and enjoy it with the wonderful pizza! Which by the way is 10.00 on SUNDAY  ---- DEAL DEAL DEAL! Check out the picture someone posted - these pizza's rock!
5	Amazing selection of craft beers at the little bar in the corner, as well as good beer selection in the retail to-go sales.  Same good food & beverage selection as any other big Whole Foods.  Love this place.  Parking never a problem either.
5	Whole foods again?Geez!Well it just is that good.Same sammich, (buffalo poboy w/ chips) different brewski, Firestone Double Jack. and a follow up w/ Ballast Point Victory at SeaI give these beers both 9 stars out of 5! Oh wait that is the beer talking. Have to go home now. SighLate Gordo
5	This is hands down the best Whole Foods in Arizona. I have been to at least five, and this one is the best in terms of staff friendliness, and whenever I order a sandwich, they always have the ingredients that I want, which is pretty much why this place gets 5 stars. The produce is always fresh looking and never looks like it was tossed off of a truck, like some locations I have been to. There is a juice and coffee bar that we always get fresh smoothies at. They are a good price for all of the fruit and veggies they throw in them. Bakery area where we can pick up some vegan baked goodies. The items in the store are always what I am looking for. I can't think of a time where I did not find what I was looking for, which is pretty amazing because since going vegetarian/vegan my list contains things I had never even heard of before. So it is pretty impressive to go to one store that has everything I want, and this locations is a lot bigger than most. There are also at least five places you can grab some take out. Pizza, sandwiches, mexican, a noodle place, and a grill along with a hot and cold salad bar. We have gotten pizzas before. They are big, but they can get pretty pricy depending on what toppings you get. It is probably a better deal to buy the premade specials by the pound. We love the sandwiches here. And I have to say, they almost always have focaccia. Which I can't say for every other Whole Foods I have tried to buy sandwiches at. They also have a very large bakery area, chocolates, and gelato sections. All good. The staff are pretty friendly. At first they all just seemed like they hated their job, but the more we came here the more they warmed up. And most of them recognize us now. It may cost you more to shop at Whole Foods, but its definitely worth the extra money.
5	I hesitated in writing this review as I truly feel it is one of the valleys best kept secrets.  You see, inside this whole foods is an amazing bar with over 20 AMAZING beers on tap.  You will not find your average domestic swill here.  What you will find is a dazzling assortment of some of the finest beer produced.  The proverbial "icing on the cake" is James.  James knows more about beer than the monks that perfected it.  He is always quick with a thoughtful suggestion and willing to share his knowledge.  You wine drinkers will find more than enough to keep you happy as well.
5	I love this place, alot of great healthly food. More importantly check on the Smokehouse mini resturant inside, excellenty tasting food, all natural meats..Simply delicous.
5	Wonderful place to stop in for lunch and great place to shop. This is my new favorite place to spend an hour on the weekend. Try the buffalo ribs or pulled pork after they pull it out. Grab a half pound of each and sit at thier tables and enjoy. Awesomeness
5	Whole Foods, How do I Love thee? Let me count the ways: -Vegan Cheese Cake by Earth Cafe (To Die For!!) -Vegan Deli items like: -Vegan Sheperds Pie (Amazing) -Vegan Margherita Tofu Lasagna (Ridiculously Good) -Endless Salad Bar Creations (Love the stuffed Grape leaves) -Vegan Soups, -Vegan Pizzas, -Vegan Made to order Sandwiches (Love that Olive Spread) -Vegan Sushi (Avocado Cucumber Rolls, better than most restaurants) -Beautiful Organic Produce (Local Choices too) -Organic Almond Milk -Hemp Seeds in Bulk -Mrs. Gooch's Pasta Sauce (My Favorite, try it!) -Much more Spacious than other Whole Foods I've been to. Listen, I could go on all day, I think you get the idea.It's my Vegan Paradise and, even though it's a little pricey, it's worth it! I do miss the mini shopping carts though, what ever happened to those?
2	I would consider myself a Whole Foods Market super fan from Michigan to North Carolina to Arizona. They are generally where I find foods I love. Its where I do most of my "healthy" shopping.  I usually will only shop at other stores when I can't find what I need at a Whole Foods.  Hits: Nice selection of bulk dry items.  Veggies and fruits are the best.  I stock up on the spices for cooking.  The store and baskets are clean.Only for the Chandler location:Misses:I have bought rancid chicken a shocking three times from this location.  I don't understand why this is happening to me (and once to my father) and only from this location.  I returned the spoiled and sour chicken twice and after the third time I just tossed the $18 worth of rotten meat into the trash.  I used ice and the the temp outside was not over 75.I live 8 minutes away from the store.  I only eat fish and chicken so I'm sure that the meat had gone bad long before I brought it home.  It had a green slime and a funky smell when I removed it from its packaging.This location is missing hair care products for natural dreadlocks for people of color.  I have wax free locks and would love it if they carried the same hair care products as the other W. F. stores. The shampoo they once had I now have to order.  Its easier to just order from the company.  Overall, I will continue to enjoy shopping at Whole Foods, Chandler location yet I may return to being a vegetarian :-)
5	I have been a frequent shopper at Chandler WF for the past 2 years, and I have never had a bad experience.  Everything from the seasonal and LOCAL fruits and veggies to the frozen organic meals to the fresh sliced deli meats to the local baked goods and brick-oven pizza made just the way you want it (even with goat cheese) to the Watering Hole where you can try 30 delicious local and craft beers to the in-store restaurant (and grill) to the...well, you get the picture.  When I'm feeling lazy, I like to stop in and grab a fresh-made sub from the little sandwich making station between the Watering Hole and the Tapas bar before heading over to the Watering Hole to enjoy a fantastic beer.  I have expanded my taste buds so much since my first visit to this place that every time I go in I attempt to try something new.  I also really like that they've implemented the natural/healthy meter with their seafood, poultry, and meats (from green to red rating the meat between free-range, grass-fed and organic to caged, corn-fed, and antibiotic raised in the beef, lamb, pork, turkey and poultry - though you won't find any of the red there - and sustainability levels and farmed or wild in seafood).  It's all very informative.  This is my go-to grocery store, regardless of the prices.  I don't mind paying more for healthier, organic food that isn't mass produced, crammed with chemicals, or sent from overseas.  I love supporting local and I love finding out more about my community; Whole Foods Chandler is the place to do all of that and more.  (Not to mention, all of the employees are super friendly and many know us by name and never fail to greet us with a smile and a hug.  Awesome customer service!)
4	I love this whole foods location! Staff is super friendly and helpful! The guys in the beer area really know their stuff.  I was asking questions about some beers so he gave me some samples and his suggestions were perfect everyone enjoyed the beer I brought.
4	OMG! I didn't know on Wednesday's it's $2 off the salad bar and hot dishes! Awesome surprise for my lunch today! YUMMY!
5	Rut Row?I think Chipotle could be in trouble!Yes, on our whirlwind trek of shopping before the temperature soared above nuclear meltdown here in the Pa hoe knicks, we decided to remove a stop and eat at Whole Foods again. You are right, our visits to Whole Paycheck as we call it, (but worth every penny) are comparable to the sign that counts our National debt. But it is my favorite single stoping place for all we need. Anywho, today we went for the Chipotle style burrito at the Carneceria. Spinach wrap (I loved this) with cilantro rice, black beans, fajita veggies, lettuce, and Whack a mole (guac) get it Whack a mole! LOL (ok I laughed until I stopped and yes I do have a horse made out of coconuts! Or I am coconuts, or just nuts I have not figured that out yet. ($5.93) (charged by the pound) Split between us. (not even $3 smackers for almost Chipotle CHACHING!) House made Tortilla chips$1.69 and the brewski of the day Stone Highway 78 $6 and I think the Wifster had Port Brewing Mongo IPA $7I have to say the burrito is not quite Chipotle but in a pinch it is close enough to make do! So if you are in WF and feelin groovy for Chipoodle or Chipotopley CHECK IT! it is worth it!And now for something totally different! A beer review. Stone Highway 78: a collabo with two other breweries.: 8 Very good but I think other just Stone beers are better. I am for the collabo thing for the 1 of beer so for something totally different it is worth a try.Port brewing Mongo IPA : 9+ I love this beer! It was recomended to me by James and is a now a staple beer in my collection at home. Even better on tap, but due to bottle conditioning it is quite tasty in your home also. Pick one up after you eat your burrito.Review time!: 10Order time:10 Fast friendly serviceFood arrival time: 10 Made in front of you and then grilled and brought to you so you can belly up for more beer. YA BABY!Food: 10 (for the money it hard to beat)Beer: 9 P factor: 10Overall a great WF experience again. Zoinks! time for work!Late!Gordo
5	Get your drink on at the local Whole Foods' bar. Best Saturday afternoon ever.
5	The best on tap and bottled beer selection in the area (arguably the state).  Beer is reasonably priced and the service is knowledgable, helpful and downright likable.
5	Best Whole Foods I've been to!Some things I like about this place:-Walking distance from home-Cute little bar with good beers on draft-Ice blended caramel mocha coffee from the coffee bar-Burger meal from  the Smokehouse Grill  (there's a different special each day, less than $10 a meal)-Smoked Mozzerella Pasta Salad in the deli-Sage Shortbread cookies (in the case near the coffee bar)-Grace's Sunflower Seed Cookies (cookie aisle, green package)and of course... Sweet Republic Ice Cream!!!
5	I'm all about the Watering Hole at this location! James, the beer guru, is awesome, friendly and a true beer encyclopedia.Have a couple of beers, taste a sampler, grab a bite from any of the food counter, any way you do it, your mouth will be happy.
5	We recently went shopping and of course our kids belong to their kids club. Our daughter couldn't decide on her organic apple. Well the nice gentleman stocking the apple section offered to let her daughter sample an apple. He gladly cut up a super cold Pink Lady and brought it to us. It was fantastic & our daughter found a new favorite. Our only regret, we didn't get the gentleman's name to thank him in this review. Thank You Sir for being so kind to our daughter!
5	What's not to love? Whole Foods is a great destination for all things food. Grocery/Dine-In/Take-Out/Breakfast/Lunch/Dinner/Desert/Coffee/Alcohol.Whole Foods is my "healthy lunch standby" during the work-week. Either eating it there, or taking it back to the office - it's simple. The prepared food section at this location is superior. Copious options of tasty, fresh, nutritious morsels to please your palate. To copy Schwarzenegger: I'll be back!
2	I keep going here and keep trying but I just can't justify going back. With their high prices and awful customer service, it is not an enjoyable experience. I only wish frys would carry bison because that is the only reason I go,but its just not worth dealing with a staff that refuses to go out of their way to simply do their job. I have a problem when the average American can't afford to eat healthy because the prices are so out of reach to do so.
5	what is there to say that has not already been said about Whole Foods? This place freaking rocks. Pricey? yes. Could i spend my whole paycheck here in one trip? Yes. But you cant put a price on love people. Just go here and you will see for yourself. awesome meat, seafood, beer, wine selection.  SUPER creative and cute little desserts. They even have a bar inside with rotating beers on tap. Just go. just look at everything. Just go.
5	The closest thing you'll find to a specialized butcher in chandler. Love picking out my steak and having the grill cook it then going to the bar for a nice pint.
5	Love this store for all the organic green produce. Pricing is reasonable, but what else can you expect from a quality organic store? Ever since I started my juicing routine, I find everything I need at Whole Foods, just wish it was closer to my home. Love the wide selection of organic products they carry, even the ambience of the store is 'organic'.
5	Love the variety and quality of food offered here. You can come here to shop for groceries, grab a meal, get some drinks, or my favorite. . .dessert. Every time I am invited somewhere for dinner, I always bring a fruit tart from Whole Foods. It is a big hit. The service here is great. It is never crowded too. The Whole Foods back in Los Angeles are always packed, so this location is refreshing. I also don't think it is expensive. You pay for what you get. They have plenty of options of less pricey goods.
4	Kicking my rating up to 4 stars for whole foods.  When you absolutely need some sort of exotic healthy ingredient you didn't know existed.  For example, "How would I ever find Raw Organic Carob Powder?...... Who eats that?  "  I seem to always find it at Whole Foods!!!!However, Whole Foods has always been grossly overpriced that I can never do my shopping there.....Until recently, I found they are actually cheaper on a few things for the first time in my history of shopping at Whole Foods.Bargains compared with Sprouts, Trader Joes etc:- Organic Millett - Cheaper than Spouts- Organic Raw Cacao - Cheaper bulk on eBay.- Raw Honey (Local) It is only $14 compared with the boutique shops around town who have it for $17 and $18Keep bringing those prices down and I might make weekly trips.
5	My favorite Friday night! I always look forward to the end of work each week to note the 40 hours have been put in and it is time to start the weekend.  I can't say enough how I absolutely love The Watering Hole draft beer and wine bar.  At happy hour prices you can't beat, choice of any bottle to open off the beer wall or $5.00 for a beer sampling, what's not to love.I appreciate the camaraderie of all the patrons who purchase their pizzas and share it too!  So much fun deliciousness, must thank James for designing such a wonderful hang out!
5	I love coming here for some healthy grocery shopping, a quick lunch, or to pick up dinner to bring home.  The staff is always friendly and helpful.  I also like that they have a huge selection of already made food to make the most of my lunch break.
5	They have all kinds of foods and ingredients for veganista!
4	LOVES the trattoria, the wine bar, the Japanese kitchen, the deli, the bakery, the sweet republic ice cream case, the barbeque station, and how awesome the Chandler Whole Foods is. Yes, it pales in comparison to the flagship store in downtown Austin but as an AZ Whole Foods I can't complain. I love my large assortment of good foods, organic buys, and delicious foods that are there for my buying power pleasure. I love the organic ice creams and sorbets, I do enjoy their mac and cheese and have only bought it once from their hot foods section. Yes I am very impressed by their olives bar, and yes I do like that there are two soup stations that offer close to six or seven different soups. But apart from their great selections I also like their employees. I've experienced good customer service, pleasant smiles, and kindred hellos. Hence i'm a FAN. I heart my Whole Foods!!!
5	I love shopping at Whole Foods - the overall experience is great.  Anytime I've bought produce, I've found odd fruits/vegetables in their display that I've taken home and really enjoyed. (last time was the Buddha's Hand).  I've eaten at almost all their eating places (the Smoke House - GREAT burgers and fries, the Beer/Wine has great selection, the salad bar always has a variety of salad toppings - organic, too! - and their hot food bar is always pretty inventive with a few great typicals).  I've always noticed their staff is friendly and caring and I've never had a 'bad' staff experience.  I love how they always offer you complimentary ice (this is super helpful esp during the summer) for your grocery bags.  Returning things here has always been easy (even produce - my Cuties were a bit rancid). Their Whole Body area has tons of options that I'm still going through.  Finally, their Cafe/Juice bar, which I just tried most recently was super impressive - I've been juicing a ton lately and for less than 7 dollars, I got a big juice chock full of all their greens, ginger, beets, carrots - literally a lunch in itself.  I will be going back for juices during those times I am running late and just need a juice to hold me... pricey, but well worth it when it has so many nutrients.
5	THE BEER! Seriously though, THE FUCKING BEER! They have a bar in this WF and they also have a sommelier, but for beer. His name is James and he rocks. They have a beer flight tasting every Friday night for $5 plus lots of HTF beers.
4	Well it's a chain. It has put out of business many of my favorite Co-op'sBut, the selection is amazing, and I like everyone else am mesmerized by the Whole Foods Experience
5	Great concept, Great food, Great Atmosphere...Damn Great store!
4	This place is awesome!  It's a grocery and it seems weird but they have done a great job at offering great beers and wines at "The Watering Hole!"  We have gone for events AND for grocery shopping (though not at the same time).  Highly recommend for great grocer selection but also a great place to catch a great pint of beer or glass of wine.
5	I went to Whole Foods for the FIRST time (in my life) today! I went because my hairstylist suggested I should go there for organic facial cleanser. I was in AWE!  I walked around the store for 30 minutes just looking around before placing anything in my cart.   Then I went crazy!  If you are looking for fresh, organic, gluten-free, house-made, etc you will be in heaven!  Any soup you can imagine is hot, fresh and ready to go home with you. Also at your fingertips are salads, a hot bar, cold bar, homemade dinner entrees bar OH MY!  Fresh pastries, breads veggies & Juice bar.    Not to mention the restaurant, deli, olive bar, butcher, all chicken is free range.   Then you have the vitamin department. Every vitamin you can imagine.  I bought several essential oils and some coconut oil.  They even carry TOMS here.  Shampoos and the organic facial cleanser I came for. WOW!  Oh, and the floral department. It is small, but they had some of the prettiest, freshest, unique flowers and herbs I have seen anywhere.  They even carry curly willow!  I am in LOVE!   When I checked out, I was offered a complimentary bag of ice to keep my dairy products and meat cold on the drive home .    It is not cheap and I would suggest you bring  recycled bags for your groceries or you will feel like you single handedly contributed to the deconstruction of the ozone layer.  I think I was the only customer who had to ask for brown bags. It was a wonderful experience.  I had to call my husband to pick up the kids from school because it was so hard to leave.  Signed; Reborn Tree Hugger
4	Whole Foods is a great place to eat at. Not counting the Hot food bar (which I think is a little pricey), the different food stations are awesome. It's like a mall food court, but with high quality food/ingredients. All of the food I have gotten there has been super fresh, which takes some to cook, but it's well worth the wait. Also if you are a beer fan, there are about 100 different beers to drink with your food. The reason for four stars: the paying situation gets a little weird. They have changed it around a couple times trying to figure out how best to do it, the Asian section needs a clearer understanding of the menu items. I have gone there three times trying to just get the chicken kastu as described, and all three times it has come differently. It's always been super tasty though. Lastly the garbage situation is strange. I'm still not sure if I should leave it somewhere, scrape off plates, etc. One more major plus is their bakery. It has really stepped up it's game in recent years and now the desserts are all very good. This is especially important as in the evenings, Phoenix doesn't have a lot going dessert wise....
5	Great Food Bar....Hot food and Organic Salads...The Burgers from the grill are awsome
5	I've never shopped at a Whole Foods until a few months ago, and I can't believe what I was missing.  I'm sure all the grass-eating vegans know this place by heart (a light-hearted jab...no need to get wound up about it) and if you had asked me a year ago if I would shop at a store that specialized in organic foods, I would have laughed (yes, I know organic does not equal vegan).  Well, the idiot sign was right above my head pointing down.  Damn, this place has some good stuff.  Not a vegan?  Then you will love the fresh cuts of beef, chicken, pork, lamb, etc, etc. Not to mention their own smoked meats.Awesome fruits and vegetables, and a lot of tough to find foods for those of you either low-carbing it or doing the gluten-free thing.Haven't tried the juice bar yet, but I'm sure I will soon.  They have a great deli section with a salad bar, a hot bar (chicken, etc, etc), sandwiches, and another yet-to-be-tried item - taco wraps.  Carne Asada taco meat with lettuce instead of the tortilla.  Brilliant!I swear if one of these were to open next to my house (where a Basha's closed, thank you very little) I would stop in there every day.  As it is now, the closest one is out of the way so we have to plan ahead to go shopping, but Whole Foods is our #1 grocery store now.
3	Overpriced for food and most of the food while it looks good is rather bland tasting.  As far as the beer goes the do keep a lot of nice rotating taps on but the beer operation is really a one man show, when James isn't around the place has no life or atmosphere.
5	Hands down the best place to go look at rich men's trophy wives go grocery shopping. Or If you want to feel what living the American Dream is like- come shop here. Or if you want to up your hipster or hippie cred. Ok but seriously, this is the nicest whole foods I've been to. And I've been to the one in Cupertino CA, Westwood CA, and Brentwood CA many times. I think its the fact that there's a lot of space in AZ so they built the mothership of Whole Foods here. Great selection of foods and organic meat. Good beer selection. I come here for the 5.99 per lb their hot food on Wed, for the delirium nocturnum beer, and their organic eggplant.Okay so 6.50 lb hot food wed + Nocturnum beer + organic eggplant + hot moms = 4 stars!Fun facts: On Fridays at 7:00 they have beer tasting for free or $5.Saturdays: All beer on tap are $4!
5	Great produce, meats, deli, bakery and great beers on tap.
5	I love this Whole Foods!My boss told me about the salad bar discount on Wednesdays ($6.99/lb instead of 8.99) and now I go all the time. I LOVE their salad bar. It's a great choice for anyone with dietary concerns, vegetarians, vegans, celiac, etc. This may all go without saying. The place is super cute with the neat restaurants and the juice bar. My husband and I get lattes there and they are always super yummy. The selection of gluten- and dairy-free dressings at the salad bar is impressive too. I also really like the booths along the front (where hubby and I eat our salads) and the organic lotions outside the very-clean bathrooms. Of course anyone who shops at Whole Foods should expect to shell out some cash, you get what you pay for. The staff is nice and I like how they are mostly unique and different-looking.
2	So, I've been to Whole Foods before - and it's always a visual treat.  Great selection, fresh, natural foods, lots of beautiful & healthy soccer moms strutting about - but last night was the 1st time I visited their Watering Hole.  Immediately, I was impressed with the selection of craft beers on tap, and stumbled into a couple Thursday specials that I appreciated.  My low rating, this time, is for the idiot bartender and his poor service.Here's the thing - I get it - you are kind of a hippie if you work at Whole Foods.  But a condescending British hippie is not what I need after a long day at work.  Once again, the beer was tasty, the place was clean, the prices were reasonable, but the service was intolerable.  Don't insult my country, don't insult my country's past-times, and don't insult my intelligence by thinking you've gotten one over on me without my knowing.To the GM of this particular location - find yourself a bartender who isn't a jerk and I'll come back for sure.
4	Yes, I know Whole Foods is evil and any real, self respecting hippie wouldn't be caught dead shopping here.  Luckily, I am only about 3/8 hippie.  Back in Portland I wouldn't shop at WF very often because there are better stores.  But in Chandler there just isn't anything that compares.  I love the selection, the focus on local products, the produce is always beautiful, and the bulk section is pretty decent.  They have a huge beer selection, and a pretty good wine selection as well.  I even did some price comparisons, and I was surprised to find that WF is actually cheaper than Sprouts on many items.  The only thing I won't buy here regularly is meat, because the prices are pretty high.  However, if you are looking for a hard to find cut, you might have better luck here than other stores.  One way they could greatly improve is if they offered a bulk spice section.  You really can't call yourself a natural grocery store and not have bulk spices.
5	Great place to shop , kind of expensive but you get what you pay for. Alot of organic stuff here ~!
2	I am not one to go to a super market and drink the day and night away.  However, some people enjoy pretending that this super market is a bar.  I love beer.  This place has a wonderful beer selection.  Now you can get beer in a growler.  I think that's the greatest gift to mankind besides world peace.  HOWEVER, when the bartender who's really a supermarket employee is a arrogant prick, I just have to take my business elsewhere.I went in one night to get ingredients to make my wife a fantastic dinner.  I had two growlers in my cart and I was looking forward to filling them up.  I do not remember the jerk's name but he was overweight and had a tag that said something along the lines of "bar manager"  I asked him if I could sample a particular beer.  He said, "No" and walked away.  I asked why.  He said, 'This keg is to expensive, I don't give out samples."  Well that intrigued me more and told him I don't care how much it costs for a growler, I am willing to pay.  He said no again.  Let me add to the fact, he was not suggesting any other beers... just saying no.  Then I asked him about another beer, he said he doesn't pour that in growlers either.. I asked him why.  He sighed and began to ramble about particles and foam density and how it's a waste of his time and my time to try to fill it.  I brought up the "expensive" beer again.  He caved in and decided to give me a taste.  He then pointed at me and in a STERN manner told me, "He doesn't do pours of this beer for anyone, I am an exception."  Ooooh lucky me, a supermarket employee is allowing me to try something... it's in his job description.   Maybe he'll let me sample a grape in produce afterwards. Bottom line, this supermarket employee/bar manager didn't want to help fill my growler.  He made me feel stupid and insignificant.  I threw a $5 dollar bill on his bar and thanked him for his time.  I proceeded to leave and drive 15 miles out of my way and went to Tops Liquor where they are happy to let you sample anything you ask them and answer any questions you may have about any of their products.  I am shocked how the tiniest bit of power a supermarket employee can feel with a nametag.  If I go to Wholefoods, I know I am going to spend more money than Fry's.  I am smarter than that.  I don't need a supermarket employee to try to make me feel stupid.  Someone needs to put that guy in his place.
4	Now who thinks of going to a grocery store for a meal and a drink.  this place has it all; eat,drink, be merry and shop before you go home. give this place a try.
5	Great selection! A little pricey buy you do get what you pay for. Everyone there seems really nice. I wish there was one closer to my house though.
5	Who couldn't love whole foods?! The only downside to shopping at Whole Foods is their prices, but other than that everything is amazing. Quality, service, as well as the atmosphere. I never have a bad thing to say about this place.
4	I am ashamed to admit that I love this store. For a high price you can get anything you need. The vegetables are always SUPER fresh and there is always a helpful employee to answer questions. The only thing I hate is the price gouging that goes on in this store.
5	Almost every week I was at Wholefoods but it got too pricey to get myself a $2 croissant on its own. It was time to wean myself off and focus on what my body really needs veggies and fruits. I was also hooked on their peanut butter smoothie but noticed it was giving me a bloated belly so I had to stop. I don't recall the last time I had their addicting pb smoothie. I also used to get their wheat grass which the shot is not bad at all. I love their parsley and cilantro which are fresher than Sprouts. I can go on and on about Wholefoods, but it would take more chapters and chapters. In Union Square's Whole food their scones were huge and delish...ahhhhhhh.
5	I spend some time every Saturday at Whole Foods, selecting organic, locally grown greens, fresh fish, cage-free chicken, and gluten-free grains at a store whose management really cares about giving back to the community and treats its employees well. This allows me to feel really good about myself so I can justify all the sitting on my ass and smoking.
4	The biggest Whole foods I've ever seen ! Always VERY HELPFUL (and sometimes humorous) staff here. Food is always fresh and I don't wait in line very long, IF EVER  !
5	I am a total Whole Foods junkie and I need to get my fix at least once a week.  Sometimes I just go in for a spin around the store and some sample, but I always comes out with something new to try.  I'm also horribly addicted to their eggless tofu salad and Beyond Chicken buffalo strips.  You will never find my fridge without either of these items.  This Whole Foods is also a really nice place for a glass of wine and some nibbles.  Years ago when they opened they had a $10 deal on Saturday evenings for three tastings of wine paired with three small dishes.  I wish they would bring that back.
2	I've been coming to this Whole Foods for a while, and I love it. The produce is good (though I do wish they carried more organic fruit that is not exorbitantly priced!), the cheese is great, and there are lots of fun foods to change things up. The reason I'm giving only two stars is because I recently bought some toffee from the bulk bins and cornbread from the soup bar. I was so excited to try them, but both were stale and not fresh at all! The toffee was so hard that I hurt my tooth trying to bite into it; the cornbread was so dry and old-tasting. I feel like, with the traffic WF gets and for the prices it charges, the prepared foods should have more quality control or at least be kept fresh. I will likely still go to WF, but I am steering clear of anything that is not produce or prepackaged!
5	They have a sweet bar with 31 drafts and 26 wines on tap. Oh yeah and beer guru James Swann! He's the best. He'll get you a craft beer to replace your domestic any day. This whole grocery store smells great with sushi and amazing salad bars. Good stuff!
5	Watering Hole. Extremely great beer selection and service.
5	I thought I'd update my reviews here by mentioning that there will be an ice cream social event on Saturday, July 27th, from 2p to 5p, or so an e-newsletter informed me this morning!  I clicked on the Facebook link https://www.facebook.com/wholefoodsto get more information, which led me to a WF website link that stated "all Whole Foods" will be participating.  I wish I could go, because not only will WF have their own brand of ice cream on-hand, but one of my favorite organic brands, Three Twins, is going to be featured, and both email and website state that for every Three Twins purchase made, one dollar will be donated to the Non-GMO Project!  To find out more this organization, please visit http://nongmoproject.com.The website mentioned all WF stores are participating, but that "some stores might have sweet concoctions up their sleeve like sundaes, shakes, floats and malts and many are planning fun events for kids and adults alike..."  Wish I could attend the event myself, but I'll be at work, so for those of you planning to attend, just have an extra tablespoon of ice cream for me!  :)Read more about the event here http://wholefoodsmarket.com/blog/youre-cordially-invited-ice-cream-social-july-27?sf15241907=1
5	Why am I reviewing a grocery store for crying out loud? Because this grocery store is a foodie theme park! How many grocery stores do you know where you can just hang out with people? This is the best place to meet up with friends and the shopping here is not half bad either.Cons? Well if want to actually do your grocery shopping here regularly you better buy some extra stuff for friends because you will soon be missing rent payments and living on their couch. For the basics it's just impractical to come here, but for the occasional "splurge" purchase I would come here over AJ's ten out of ten times. Really I treat this place more as a great meeting place with things to do than a place to shop.
1	Who would have guessed you would find the most smug/condescending/snobby bartender in all of Arizona at a whole foods in chandler?? I went into the store after my soccer game to pick up a growler. The bar was packed, so I tried to stand off to the side and pick one up quickly so as to not trouble people with my sweat and stank. James, the bartender in question, tells me I have to come all the way to the front. So I do, and have my empty growler in hand. I wait about 5 minutes and get to the front, only to be told he will not fill up my growler. When I ask why, he gives me the most condescending look, and says "look around"... As in, look how crowded it is, why am I going to waste my time filling up a growler for some scrub in soccer shorts. When his barback offered to do it, he told him no! I was stunned, is this a grocery store, or some snobby South Beach club?? I felt like saying a lot of mean things to this guy, but it was crowded and I was hungry and thirsty so I held off. Please don't waste your time on some "bartender" on a power trip. I love my beer, and I will take my considerable business elsewhere. I will go back, but only to give him a piece of my mind.
5	I love Whole Foods! This location makes me feel like a little kid on Christmas! The selection of fine cheeses is awesome and they always have a fabulous one to sample. My latest discovery is the little boy blue, it is soooooo good. I also love that I can find Oak Creek Amber here too, the hubs favorite beer.
4	There are many food choices at different locations in the store. We enjoyed pizza by the slice and sushi and a beer. The only glitch was the absence of ice. No ice no where for any drink hard or soft. Yikes.
5	Love whole foods! The store has a great selection of fresh, healthy food. I always go in to get a kale salad. This store offers several different ready to go food departments that make it convenient for grabbing lunch, dinner or a snack. I recommend that everyone try whole foods. Don't let the prices scare you, you're paying for quality and its your body that you're fueling. Why not eat good and fresh!
4	Clean and friendly. Why not five stars? With the buying power of whole foods, prices should be lower than anyone else. Corporate needs to stop pushing for organic gmo produce.
4	so I went in here on a mission to find NEMAN'S OWN ORGANICS (don't ask!!) I did find them!!! the staff is great, they have a lot of great food choices and a bar with local brews!! ( the bar sold me!!) the hippie patrons however are another story!! they are RUDE and like to cut in line!! it makes me want to kick a hippie!!!
4	I love Whole Foods. Fresh organic veggies, amazing butcher and meat selection, beer and wine from around the world and so much more. The cost is high but the products are so worth it. Recently I have discovered an amazing new healthy "junk" food in the form of Kale Krunch which is a packaged Kale chip in a variety of flavors, I highly recommend it. The hot and cold food bar has quite the selection with anything from baked tilapia to marinated artichokes and beyond. If you have any questions on any of the items of the day the friendly associates will be happy to help. I have also stopped by the juice/coffee bar and have had great experiences at both.If you have any sort of allergy or dietary need, Whole Foods will be able to fulfill it. Gluten free, vegan, vegetarian, peanut allergy, soy allergy, you name Whole Foods has got the food to suit your needs.Overall, great store. It is a once in a while indulgence because of the price but it is so worth it.
5	Great store!  I love the fact that they have humane standards for how the animals are raised for the meat they carry.Everyone who works there is really friendly as well.
5	Best grocery store for hot, prepared food.  If only I were rich....
5	awesome store.. awesome staff.. love the prepared food and buying fresh meat here..  it's not that expensive to shop here if you plan your meals or plan what you're going to buy ahead of time.. if you just toss stuff in your cart as you go, then yeah it'll be expensive just like anywhere else..
4	So, it is the fist of the year and I am going to eat better. I went here thinking I would spend a fortune but I really didn't. What an awesome place. I wanted to buy everything. I had to put things back. The people who worked there stopped to help me as I wasn't sure about some ingredients. I am starting to understand what all this is now and thanks to Whole Foods which is close to me I am hoping I have a great and healthy 2104.
3	I expected more "wolf howling at the moon" shirts. Sorely disappointed
4	**Scam alert: the loose organic spinach that they sell for $6.99/lb is actually just the 1 lb tub right down the aisle that sells for $4.99/lb!! The employee filled it right in front of my face! WTF? Bad.**Wow, what a store! This is probably the best WF I've ever been to. It's a drive from me, probably 12 miles or so, but it was so worth it. Also, Fabio. He walked right behind me and asked the produce guy who happened to be in front of me where the bathroom was. Don't hate! He was gorgeous! And that accent!Okay, sorry, where was I? I was in this WF and Fabio...never mind. The selection of vegetables, fish, etc. is exactly what you expect: fresh, vibrant and bursting with color. Every store pales in comparison to WF anyway, but this one is just magnificent! They have gelato, chocolate, cupcakes, bread, wine, beer, cheese...this is where I want to go when I die. WF HEAVEN. The employees are awesome. They know where everything is and they are eager to help you find it. Lots of smiles. I was impressed, but AZ is a pretty friendly place anyway. This is just another place to find happy people. It's expensive, but you know you're going to get the freshest, most high quality food around. I love this store!
5	Love this place! Wish it were bigger and closer.But my favorite will always be the one in San Jose that one is massive!
3	Having a craft beer with my son.  Odell Lugene Chocolate Milk Stout for me and a Black Market Aftermath for the mancub.Eegad woman, how did you miss the Breckenridge Pistachio Vanilla Porter "CASK"?!  May have to try that too.Tried the Vienna Cream Ale and Left Hand ProAM.  Love that they have beers and wine on tap.Salad bar, soup bar, hot bar, and so many more healthy looking options for lunch of dinner.But I don't think you'll miss the baked goods, chocolates, gelatos, and more as you move along to pay for any impulse buys.Really, how can you get out of this place without making at least one impulse buy?Manuka Honey.Raw Ground Turkey ( dog food )Wine -and it's a decent selection too.Just don't purchase an Aloe Vera plant here.  Oh good golly I'll given you some.  $12.99 for a qt. size potted plant is extreme.  B-/Okay, I gotta drink my beer now...
4	The kale salad is very healthy,  but take in small doses.   Try the soybean hot wings in the "chef shop; very tasty!"
5	I love shopping here. The selection of organic fruits and vegetables is amazing along with a great selection of beers and wine. I love stopping in and grabbing a fresh made juice concoction and and coffe in the morning.
5	The smokehouse has the greatest burgers!!! They have locally made chocolate and store-made granola that is the absolute bestThe ice cream parlor is AMAZING and the BEST (I forgot the brand name)Everything else is great, too!I don't shop anywhere else.
5	This is by far the best grocery store in our area.  It's the only one that I can actually go down the aisles of and find food, real food as opposed to stuff made with either corn, soy beans or wheat.  I love that so much of it is organic and non-GMO.  My only complaint is that it's so far to drive. I end up making stops at other places for convenience.  I wish you had a location in Gilbert.  Thanks for providing a local market with the convenience of a super market!
5	I mainly shop here because I am lazy. What? Yeah, you read that right. I have so many self-improvement resolutions that I usually end up falling short on because I don't put in the effort it takes to accomplish them. I want to eat healthy, support local farmers, be more environmentally conscious, support humane meat producers, and buy fair trade imports. But doing all the research on products and brands and then running around to different stores and farmers markets to purchase them week after week is exhausting. Then one day I realized that all I really have to do is just start shopping at Whole Foods and I can accomplish all of those goals in one stop. Some of their items are a little pricey, sure but when you really compare apples to apples they are surprisingly affordable. Check out the price of humanely raised grass fed beef where you shop and then compare it to Whole Foods and you will see what I mean. Sure, its more pricey than the basic ground beef you get at the butcher counter but that's because it is a different product that costs more, not because there is a huge mark-up at Whole Foods. Anyway, it is time for me to put my money where my mouth is, I guess, if I am really committed to the things I say I support. So, five stars for Whole Foods!
4	This is a great Whole Foods! It's huge! There's so much selection on everything!! I lovetheir cafe area where you can get made to order sandwiches, burritos, and pizza! They even have a salad bar and a hit bar all with delicious options! I definitely try to hooon the day they take off $2 per lb on their salad and hot bars. This is one of the best Whole Foods I've visited!!
4	If you like variety then this is definitely calling your name. Not only can you grocery shop for wholesome foods you can also dine in/out for some happy hour and regular menu items. They have a deli area with a side selection of cold foods to take home. There is a Japanese section like sushi and udon noodles. Other areas like the sandwich shop, pizza, burger, salad bar, olive bar and grill area, hot bar and a colorful dessert section!My most recent tastes were the udon noodle soup (more of a light broth for you salt lovers) from the Japanese section, vegetarian sandwich (definitely salty) and chicken sandwich (was a bit on the dry side) from the grill. They have colorful macaroons that are just okay. Still nice to have but I have had way better else where.  Their bear claws were stale. Their grocery item,Thai coconut curry hummus is definitely one to try! Salivating for it!Still more to explore and will be back many more times!
5	5 stars for their Juice bar. Great and fresh juice. Usually get the Create your own 32 oz Carrots, Apples, Red Beets, Celery, Oranges, Ginger and Lemon concoction. Awesome employee Emma gave me a sample of the Chandler Garden with added spirulina and it was divine. Very friendly staff with Emma who is extraordinary and makes an effort to actually have a real and meaningful conversation about nutrition and health. Jannah( pardon the spelling)is also really, really good with a constant smile on her face. There can be a slight wait depending on the line, but the juice is well worth it.
5	I live pretty close to the Tempe WholeFoods, but the Chandler location is worth the longer drive. This location is your standard Whole Foods which means it's beautiful, well stocked and has the salad bar of your dreams. What stands out to me at this location is the spice aisle which seems to be super extended compared to other locations. In addition to unique grinders, they offer a wide selection of organic and exotic spices. The olive bar is also pretty spectacular, larger than other locations and complete with a selection of dried mushrooms (including Morels!) on the shelf above the protective glass. While I love the convenience of the Tempe location, the Chandler location just has more selection and is my new go-to location!
3	Yeah - I've been to the one in Tempe before as well as some in California but the other day was my first time here - and I didn't even know it was pretty much right in my H double O D till recently! So of course, the first thing I did was hang out by the scented soap section and I smelled as many different flavors of soap as I could before my nostrils were ready to revolt and I started having a sneezing fit. Then I went and looked at all the bulk grains. The only thing I wanted was buckwheat and that was empty. Bah! So then I wandered around the meat section - they had Bison hot dogs so I grabbed a thing of those. So here I am in this post-hippie organic healthy kind of grocery thinking I'm gonna at least try to eat more healthy and maybe cut down on drinking and I turn the corner and whoa - there's a BAR right in the middle of the place! WTF? Do they have a cigar room as well? Maybe an opium den? Medical Marijuana dispensary? Still... I made a note of it - novel place to get a drink sometime. Next time I get together with friends I'll tell them "HEY! I know this really hip bar to go to - just meet me at Whole Foods. We'll mix it up with the soccer moms and metrosexuals!" So they have what seems to be healthier junk food and I would have stocked up much more if they weren't priced so high. 5 dollars for a bag of kale chips the size of what you get in a vending machine? Plus they were covered in chocolate anyway - definitely more geared towards postmenopausal chocomoms. They also had a sushi bar - but it looked kind of funky and was rather high priced for sushi that sat around all day and much longer than they would have at a Chinese buffet. I wasn't that desperate - figured I might end up choking on a freaking goji berry or something. I'm sure I'll be back - for the bar at least if nothing else. Lotsa parking because it's in a mall. If you wanna go back westward on Ray you have to exit at the southeast corner of the mall and turn north on Coronado street and make the light. Otherwise every other exit has you going eastbound on Ray.
4	I don't usually write about supermarkets or any other chain-type places but I figured hey, why not!?  Let's talk about their macarons!The only time I ever really stop into Whole Foods is to buy a big bottle of Sonoran Brewing Company's White Chocolate Ale and that's like maybe once or twice a year.  While I do enjoy walking around their store, I can't justify buying a $6 bell pepper like Brett B.  That guy is a walking-bank!  Just recently though, I have discovered that within their amazing dessert section is a colorful display of macarons...  Macarons!!! What's not to love about macarons?  They're made from almond flour, they're the perfect sized treat, they're colorful, and the dreamy custard/jelly fillings are delicious!  While Whole Foods is quite the fancy little shop with their natural and organic selection, I didn't have too high of an expectation.  I was wrong and I'm glad.  For $14.99, I bought a dozen of miscellaneous flavors.  My favorite so far is the pistachio.  They're perfectly crispy with not too many air pockets, a feat that takes a great baker to achieve; I like how they didn't go too heavy-handed with coloring, I don't like my macarons to be neon-colored; and it's not too sweet, some places makes their macarons too sweet and artificial tasting.  While they're not the best macarons I've ever had and not the best in the valley, I wouldn't hesitate to stop buy and pick up their adorable little macarons.  I love them!  $1.50/each or $14.99/dozen.  Choose wisely!Also to note:  I got to try that fancy $2 blk. water finally thanks to Brett B. aka walking-bank!  Very mineral watery tasting and it apparently turns your saliva brown.  Thank you for letting me indirectly kiss you, Brett!  :P
4	Yes whole foods is pricey, we know that already, but sometimes it's worth paying more for better quality. I am obsessed with juice, therefore I'm obsessed with their juice bar. I've only tried the green juice and I just can't get away from it. Very good and leaves me energized.  The sandwich bar is really great too, I love making my own before work or before hiking. I haven't tried the other prepared food but will be back soon for that. Very fresh produce fruits and veggies, so high quality is always a win. The vitamin selection is HUGE! There's a lot of gluten free and healthy organic products you can't find anywhere, and the meat dept is very impressive. I live closer to the Rural location, but come here because it's larger, so a bigger selection. :)
4	So glad that south chandler has a whole foods! Love this store!That being said this one has pros and cons to others I have been to.. Lots of parking (huge plus!), wonderful meat counter, wine selection, and cheese counter. Cons.. Small prepared foods.. Store on camelback is much bigger same with the fresh juices and smoothies, small hot bar and desert area. And of course some of their items are just crazy too high priced!! Don't get me wrong I will still pick this store over a regular grocery store any day!
4	We just moved south, so this is the closest Whole Foods to us now.  Thank goodness it has a bar!!  I am totally bummed that the beers are not regularly updated on TapHunter though.  That needs to change!  The beer selection on tap and in the refrigerated cases are fantastic.  You can always count on a beer that you have never heard of before to be on tap.  The bar-b-que food at the smokehouse grill leaves a lot to be desired.  I do really love the burrito bowls at the Mexican place though.
5	Always great for a variety of wholesome foods and desserts! Everything is neatly organized.
5	I LOVE this Whole Foods. The staff are always friendly and helpful whenever I need them. It's located in a central location for pre- or post- work stops. Their teas, food bar, and restaurant are tasty and inexpensive. Good food, great price, fantastic people!
5	Awesome grocery store! Love their buffet! You can stop for the lunch and as much or as little you want of pretty much anything! Love their quinoa pancakes! Love their variety of cheese. Yes, it's pricey , but I don't but things that I can buy in any grocery store, but unique items only. Glad we have in chandler!
5	I love this place! Very clean, organized, and full of friendly and helpful people who are passionate about the store. Things you'll find here;Fresh juice and coffee barSmokehouseWatering hole (yes, draft and bottled Beer!)Huge wine selectionFreshly prepared sushiHot and ready to go PizzaBreakfast buffetSalad Bar Chocolate storeBakeryFresh seafood/poultry/beefBulk food section.....And I'm still leaving things out...but, you get the point.No wonder the I'm there every other day. I heard rumors they even offer free piggy back rides, though im too shy to ask. It really is a one stop shop. Just be prepared to pay a little more $$ than say Sprouts or Trader Joes. The location makes it super easy to get to aswell, as it's right off Ray and the 101, on the Southeast corner.
5	This is the best Whole Foods I have been to. They have a wide variety of...well, everything. SO many gluten free items, produce and decadent desserts. This Whole Foods is worth the drive.
5	What a great destination for shopping, eating, and people watching. This store has all the crazy-good selection of foods you can't buy anywhere else, but is also a wonderful eatery. There are myriad choices of soups, Asian food, salads, hot/cold entrees, grilled items, sandwiches, wraps, Mexican items, and on and on and on... Minor complaint is that he grill uses too much salt. Everything is is solid good. And for people watching, sitting and eating near the wine/beer bar can't be beat. Oh, some of the sights you see in this gathering place for some really out-there characters!
3	This store is beautiful in every way. Super clean, all that good stuff.I just don't get the appeal or fascination with Whole Foods. The prices are very high, for even things that should be affordable. I will sometimes pop in to grab a  bite for breakfast and will either get a breakfast burrito or some eggs and sausages. The quality is just fine, but the price points are higher than they should be. I have also found service to be hit and miss. The employees sometimes have a "i am WAY better than you" vibe going, which is kind of odd. So overall this place is great if you are a billionaire, but for me it just doesn't do it for me. Your mileage may vary.
5	My five stars is geared more towards the Watering Hole and hot food stands. The happy hour is great and they have approximately 35 beers on tap! I love how you can grab a table, not too busy, and stroll over to a line for food. There are plenty of options for all people in your group. It sounds weird but give it a try for happy hour.
1	Recently I have been shopping at Sprouts and I realize that Sprouts have a wider selection of Gluten and NON GMO foods. I like Whole Foods but Sprouts has better food selection for me...Whole Foods is just to "Commercial Synthetic" food chain...over priced Groger, Safeway....so disappointed shopped there for years.
4	Fresh seafood everyday. We ordered some oysters asked for them to be shucked and mosey on over to the watering hole for delicious beers and wine. All the fresh meats seafood and salads here are delicious. Grab some food and hang out with a beer or wine. Great people watching. Employees are super friendly and helpful. One of the best grocery stores around and hey there is even a bar :)
5	This is a nice Whole Foods. Yes it's a bit pricey for some things, but it's a great place to splurge.  The service has always been excellent.  I'm not a vegan, but I love their vegan donuts. I simply enjoy walking up and down the aisles looking at all the interesting things they have.  It's like a little field trip for myself, and there's always some new little treat I can try.
