4	This place is a wonderful escape from the Subways, JJs, and other typical sandwich joints.  Great cuts of meat and cheese!  They allow you to customize any sandwich and other excellent chip choices.  They could work on their personable skills but the food speaks for itself.  It's real good!!  Give it a try!-Ian M.
1	I've finally had it with this place.  It is right by my office, and due solely to its proximity I have visited quite a few times.  I initially had a number of bad experiences with stale bread (unacceptable in a sandwich joint) and wrote this place off but some coworkers encouraged me to give their Veggie Burgers a try.  I will admit, their veggie burgers WERE pretty good.  I say "were" because, as I learned today when I went for lunch, they have discontinued their veggie burgers.  I thought about just leaving after finding that out but decided to stick it out and try something else, which ended up being the Eggplant Mozzarella Sandwich.  Big mistake.  The eggplant was severely undercooked and still had that rubbery texture that only uncooked eggplant can have.  In other words, it was inedible.  I also bought a lemon bar (which was overpriced to being with at $2.25) that featured a crust that tasted like raw dough.  Shame on me for giving this places so many chances, but after essentially throwing $10 in the garbage today, I'll never be back.  And while the terrible food is bad enough, I haven't even brought up the dismal customer service.  The two front of the house workers that are usually there will barely communicate with you--and you can forget a smile.  It is off-putting but something I could forgive if the food were good.  But it is not.  I hate to help send a business down the river, but, in all honestly, the sooner this place is out of business and a decent place opens up in its stead, the better.
3	Solid sandwiches for a solid price.  There isn't anything really bad, but then again nothing really good about this place either.  I had the Country Bistro which I probably won't get again.  The meat and veggies were fine, but I thought the sauce that gives it the "country" feel was a little underwhelming...it may have been the effect it was going for, which in that case, a sandwich without any "country" sauce would probably taste the same :/I'll give this place another go at some point since the price and food were solid.  To boot, I came a little later for lunch around 1:30 and there was no one there.  Either a sign that Charlotte people eat much earlier despite the corporate demands/atmosphere - or this place just straight out sucks and I'm the only one who doesn't know.dmo out
