5	This place is great. Great price, great service, great experience. It is a hidden gem.
5	This place is AMAZING!!  My husband and I have been coming here for years.  It's located in the Dana Park Mall next to Firehouse Subs.  Appears to be run by a husband/wife team, Paul and Joy.  It is clean and smells nice, dimly lit with wooden floors, a fish tank, and peaceful music playing.  You start out in a reclining chair where they do foot and hand reflexology.  Then, they move you to a private room to massage your back.  I go in with stress and soreness and leave feeling completely relaxed and rejuvenated!  I have only had Joy work on me and can say that she is incredible!  My husband says Paul is awesome too.  They give you a cool bottle of water when you leave and have stamp cards for a free massage after you purchase 10.1 hour reflexology runs you $30 + tip and they offer a couples special for $55 + tip for an hour -- the only tricky thing is making sure you get there when there are 2 available appointments but you can always call ahead!Hours are Mon-Sat 10a-9p and Sun 10a-7p.On a side note: Dear reflexology customers, please practice some common courtesy and don't snore like a lawn mower when you're getting your massage.  Yes, it feels good but have some self control and don't ruin the feel-good vibes for those around you.  When I went tonight there was a dude who was snoring louder than a garbage truck and moaning in his sleep.  If I wasn't so relaxed, he would've gotten his tub of foot water dumped on his head.  Seriously!  :/
5	These people really know what they're doing, and offer great prices. I go there every single weekend that I'm in town.
5	We are visiting from Portland and will visit this place every time we're here from now on. Fabulous!!
5	For $30 & 1 hour of not just a foot bath & massage, they go the extra mile & massage your face, arms, shoulders, & legs...THEN- off to the massage table for a back & glut massage! Very impressed with all they do for such an affordable price! Only odd thing is the openness & the main entrance does not face Baseline Rd.
5	Foot Spa next to Cafe Zupas is outstanding!!!! I had the 30 min acupressure n 30 min reflexology -- for only $40!!! It was worth every single penny n then some!!!! Really relaxing... Will come again next time I'm in town!!!!
5	First off the price is just right - $55/couples massage or $30 for a 60-minute full body massage :)Second - the place looked sketch from the outside and even the "waiting area" but it was extremely clean and the ambiance was relaxing. Last but not least, they graciously took 6 of us in at the same time and was accommodating to our individual needs. The gentleman working on me was extremely courteous and took his time to work out my knots. Seriously, the prince is RIGHT! You won't regret it.... Just, er, avoid the sleepy princess (aka the girl who kept yawning during my brothers massage, lol)
