5	Looks like a small pizza shop but they actually have a very extensive menu including pasta dishes, burgers, and gyros.  This place is perfect if you want to avoid the traffic and long waits in the university area of Charlotte.  Everything I have had there was delicious.  The owners are very friendly good people.
5	Totally becoming one of our family's favorite supper spots.  They're super nice to the kids, the food is fantastic, service is mostly pretty good, prices are fair.  I love the small-town feel and it's not a chain-woohoo!
4	If you like generous portions, attention to detail, FRESH ingredients at a reasonable price with good service you can't miss with Dinos.Unlike many restaurants with extensive menus with only a few items being outstanding, Dino's does everything right and not just the pizza and pasta. It's much more than that. Their Greek and Traditional American menu selections are unbeatable as well!  DId I say generous portions?
3	Pretty solid food, always decent crowd, and ok service!
4	Once again, Dino's didn't disappoint me!  I have never eaten anything there that I didn't like, and last night was no exception.  The service wasn't spectacular this time, but I am attributing that to a new waitress and is not typical for my experiences with this restaurant.  Take out is always as good as dine in and the desserts are great too (I recommend the chocolate cake though) The menu is quite varied and they have great children's options too.  The owners are a sweet family and always fun to chat with.  Great for families and groups and even a first date!
2	I've been looking forward to trying this place for a while and finally went last night with my husband to meet another couple there for supper.  Given the other ratings here, I was surprised at how disappointed I was at the end of the evening.  Now, admittedly we were eating there pretty late (shortly before 9:00 PM) which may have accounted for some of the issues we had, but when we arrived there were several other tables occupied so it's not like we were the only ones keeping the staff from closing.First problem-- our server.  She was very pleasant and friendly, but she was definitely trying to rush us through supper.  We had barely touched our salads when she was bringing out the entrees.  One of our party had to consistently ask for refills on her coffee, however, and the server had to be reminded more than once of items we'd requested.  I guess I can attribute that to the fact that she may not have been very experienced (she was quite young) and maybe also somewhat tired since we were eating late.The other problem was the food.  The so-so service would have been easier to bear if the food had been great, or even just really good.  I was underwhelmed, however.  My Greek pasta was lackluster, with no seasoning that I could identify... Garlic, where were you??? This was Greek food, after all!  The feta cheese was tasty enough, but the pasta was swimming in olive oil and tasted old-- like it had been sitting around all evening, and had been microwaved right before it was brought to me.  I salted the hell out of it to give it some flavor, and some grated parm on the table would have been welcome, but there wasn't any.  I didn't bother asking for any, either, because the ancient-tasting pasta couldn't have been helped much no matter what.My husband ordered a favorite of his, lasagna.  It looked good, but he said it wasn't anything special.  This man LOVES lasagna in all forms and is not really picky about it, so I know it must not have been much better than my pasta.  Our friends ordered a pepperoni calzone that looked fabulous (there was definitely a LOT more crust than filling there, however) and an order of wings.  The wings also looked okay but I didn't get a chance to ask how good they were.  We finished up with the chocolate cake, which *was* delicious. The place is nicely decorated and in a very convenient location for us.  The owners were friendly and greeted us when we arrived, and there's a nice outdoor seating area.  The menu is extensive (but not ridiculously so) and there are lots of choices to suit almost every taste.  The prices are very reasonable, and the portions were decent.  I'd be willing to give it another try, but I'll probably have to twist my husband's arm if I want him to join me.  If I do get back there, I'll update my review.  For now, though, it really rates only two stars based on my experience last night.
5	Great visit yesterday to one of my favorite places in Harrisburg for Sunday lunch after church!  We had a calzone, a meat lover's pizza and a chicken souvlaki at our table yesterday and everything was VERY good.  I had the chicken souvlaki and the tzatziki sauce was dead on this time...YUMMO!Waitress was great and our glasses were never empty or any need unattended!  We also placed a to go order for some friends who were coming back into town and the waitress had it timed perfectly to be hot when we were ready to check out!  Great food, Great Service, Great Overall Experience!  You should really check it out :)
5	Awesome food, pizza is loaded with cheese and good quality toppings. Beats pizza hut anyway!
4	Love it! Have never had anything here less then really good. I have sent people here and always hear good things back. I love the pizza but had a taste of a calzone  my daughter came home with and now I may have to change my standard order. Not a fancy place but a nice clean place with great food.
2	My husband and I gave up on this place a long time ago.  The wait staff was young and could care less about customer service.  They would be friendly at the start then they would take for ever to come back for refills/check on us.  The food is good and offers a variety of greek and pizza options.  However, the poor customer service was always an issue.  My husband even talked to the female manager/owner so she knew the issue. but it just never seemed to get better.  Last time my husband eat there (I refuse to go there) his server spent the whole time talking to friends at another booth.  After 45 minutes he got fed up and left.  Hope the service has gotten better over the past 6 months and I wish them success as their food is good.  At some point the cooks need to revolt and demand the front of the house hold up their end!!
1	Service was horrible.  Food was decent, but was cold by the time it came to the table.  I have eaten here several times and the service has gotten worse over the years.  I only have an hour for lunch and it took 40 minutes to get our food after we ordered.  To make matters worse, two of the folks that ate with us ordered the special.  I would not recommend Dino's.
4	Always enjoy food and the service... needed some comfort lasagna and my friend enjoyed a steak hoagie.  The service from the kitchen was fast and the food was hot!  The ladies working our table did an excellent job make sure our drinks were refilled and fresh.
1	This place SUX!!  Food is awful, service, which you never see the same server when you go back, is even worse than the food. To top it all, the Greek lady is rude, mean to her staff, and will overcharge you if you don't pay attention. As another person said, it's all canned food heated and served.
4	Dinos.....you were a surprise.  Upon recommendation from my boyfriend, I tried the Harrisburg location.  He rather enjoyed the Calzone from the Afton Village digs.   The pita bread and hummus were better than I expected.  I was mostly surprised with how good the pita bread was.  It was warm, light and fluffy unlike most other restaurants.  It definitely overshadowed the somewhat plain hummus, which wasn't bad but it was just ok.   I ordered the Gyro for lunch and my dad ordered a Grilled chicken salad.  I was pleasantly surprised at the lack of salt added to the meat in my Gyro.  Usually, it's way to salty to stomach at most other "Greek" places but this was just right.  Unfortunately, it was way overloaded with Tzatziki sauce so if you order this, ask for them to go easy on it.  The grilled chicken salad was this size of a Medium pizza.  It looked pretty alright and I didn't hear any complaints so I guess I'd recommend it.     Service was good.  Waitress was very cheerful and attentive.I will definitely be back for the hummus/pita bread at least.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. The pizza is amazing and also the Cal zones. The guy who makes these things must be a dough artist.   We have brought many friends here and left here amazed and satisfied.  I highly recommend the cal zones, will not be disappointed.
3	The food here was only mediocre. The breadsticks were pretty flavorless and over-oiled. The lasagna that my father got was just average. However, the pita bread, Greek salad, and Gyro meat that I got was fairly good. It really depends on the dish but the prices were pretty comparable to most Italian restaurants at $10 a plate or so. The place was busy but not packed nor was it really noisy.
1	Service was horrible. Waitress brought out 2 meals, then forgot the other 2 dishes. Not to mention she never put in 1 dish which was a calzone for my daughter.  Chicken parm dinner was over peppered. Never will return.
5	The BEST place to go for pizza, and Gyros in Charlotte!   Love this place, because of the owners, Dino and Elizabeth!   Family owned and operated, and the food is excellent!  Tell them Bexx sent you next time you go!
5	Great Greek and Italian restaurant! I took my in-laws from NYC to Dino's and they loved the food!
5	Excellent!!!! Absolutely delicious I love that I work next to this location and I live next to the other location absolutely love their authentic Italian food it makes me think of my nana's cooking (a real Sicilian woman). Def a 5 star from me!!
5	This is one of my kids absolutely favorite restaurants to eat at. Dino and Elizabeth are so sweet and wonderful and if you are lucky enough, you will get to try her baklava!
3	Service is terrible, never brought some of our food. and never checked back.Food is decent but will not be returning.
