1	If I could get away with no stars I would! Worst customer service I have ever encountered!  My husband and I are artists and drove to Vegas from Montana to participate in a glass show.  Our car broke down as we rolled into Vegas leaving us stranded for 3 days.  On the last day I called Hertz early morning to set up a rental and to be picked up (the only rental agency even remotely close to us in Montana is Hertz).  I was told I needed to call a different location (Sahara) but had a confirmation number.  I called the Sahara location and explained that I was transferred to them.  They informed me that they were all ready full and couldn't pick me up yet but would call me right back to set up a time to be picked up.  I didn't hear from them again.  So I called them back at 2:30.  I was then informed that that's not how they do it and the driver would be back in a half hour and then would pick me up.  3:20 rolls around and no call so I called them back again.  I was then informed that the driver had left 10 minutes ago and would be at my hotel at any moment.  The hotel I was staying at was huge and it would take a good few minutes to get to the front so I hurried out, I didn't want to make him wait.  Keep in mind, we are still doing the glass show and now my husband is alone to help customers.  I go to the lobby and wait, and wait and wait! I call again at 3:45 only to be told the driver must be stuck in traffic and he would call him to find out.  I assumed that meant he would call me back with information.  3:50 I call, no answer.  4:00 I call, no answer, 4:05 no answer, this continues until 4:30 when the driver finally arrives! By this time I am MAD! But its not necessarily the driver's fault so I try to be pleasant though I don't want to talk.  I arrive at the rental agency to meet Kai, the assistant manager.  I explain how I am upset and in short told him my side of it.  He tells me, "They are doing the best they can and that Hertz has cut his staff and how man cars he has" with pursed lips.  I then explain that a little communication goes a long way and if he had called me even once to keep me posted and not make me wait in the lobby for over an hour while my husband is alone running our show.  He says nothing but its obvious he is even more upset with me! Mind you, this whole time I have remained calm, I never yelled or got upset and I chose my words carefully.  I figure honey always saves the day (rather than vinegar) and I apologize.  He tells me "Its OK, I'm used to tourists coming in here and kicking me around."  My anger revved up again.  I told him "I am not kicking you around, you are causing me to wait a great deal after I am all ready paying too much for a rental and you are acting as though I am the problem." He says nothing but just glares at me then goes back to entering information.  He then tells me he is going to have the car washed and will be right back.  He is gone for another 15 minutes!  After I explained that I had all ready been kept waiting long enough!  I wrote to Hertz explaining the situation and got an automated response.  So I am coming to the people.  BOYCOTT HERTZ.  They weren't joking when they named their establishment! It Hertz to work with them!
1	I would like to piggy back that if I could give no stars or negative stars I would. Horrible! Horrible! Horrible! I will never use Hertz again. I reserved a vehicle way in advance and even checked in way in advance giving my cc and drivers license information. I get there @ 8:00am the time of pick up and did not leave there until 10am. My wife who is the regulator does just that. She asked what's the hold up. They say they didn't have the van we reserved and checked in waaay in advance. How do you not have something that was reserved in advance? I'll wait.... Exactly! To try to make a long story short the van finally comes but I still had to wait 10-15 for them to clean it which was not washed it still had dead bugs flapping on the windshield crumbs and a brownie were still In the van it did smell like the inside was wiped down with hand sanitizer or some sort of alcohol based cleaner. In closing the manager took off $50. I will say even though the Hertz business is horribly ran the workers were patient and the manager I guess did what she could. Hertz will hurt your time and any plans that you may have. So go elsewhere.
1	the location i wanted to yelp is the one on fremont, the source of our grief.  but as this location was erroneously listed on our receipt, it can play too.we booked a two day rental on kayak.com.  it gave us the fremont location, we chose noon- noon times, thurs-saturday.  we got there just after noon.  one would think they would have a car ready. nope. she said it would be ten minutes, that the guy was cleaning it.  it was another 20 before it was ready.  we got the car at 1230, with half a tank that she tried to persuade us to fill up by paying their prices. pass.our ticket said to return at 12:20 on saturday.  we brought the car back at 12:20 on saturday to see a closed location. yep, closed at noon. why would they advise us to return the car after they closed? problem 1.  we walked around the building looking for a drop box or a person, nothing.problem 2: we had arranged to have friends who live locally to pick us up and bring us back to the hotel.  we had to cancel that and inconvenience them.problem 3: we had to wait on hold for like 15 minutes to get a human when we called.  she did not apologize.  she was unable to provide options. i had to suggest that maybe she look for other open locales in vegas and offer to pay for our taxi back to the riviera, where we were staying.  problem 4: she suggested the hard rock hotel but said she could not get us a taxi back.  I wanted her to confirm that we would not incur extra charges as we were not late and additionally inconvenienced by them. she said she was not the billing person but the booking person.  HELPFUL!  problem 5:  I told her that i had seen a hertz desk at our hotel and could she find out if we could return the car there instead of the hard rock hotel.  she was unwilling to make the call and said she didn't know. WTFso, we decided to stop at our hotel on the way to the hard rock.  the woman there was awesome and said of course we could drop it off. she apologized for the hour we had wasted, having to inconvenience our friends and being on hold. when it seems too good to be true, it usually is.  while she PROMISSEDDDD us that we would not be charged, of course we were.  got the credit card statement today and were charged an extra day's fee.  while it wasn't like talking to hp or comcast, it took about 30 minutes on the phone with two different hertz guys, neither particularly skilled at basic mathematics to resolve the problem.  FUCK HERTZ
