4	This subway is inside a plaza next to an Ice Cream Shoppe, A Dennys, a JC Penny, and some eyeglass store. There's a couple seats outside and more inside the little area it holds. I've gone here many times for both lunch and dinner and the staff is always friendly, though it can get a bit busy depending on what time of day you go. Since the food is prepared right in front of you, its rare that anything has gone wrong, I've been going here for a few years now off and on.I should note that the soda fountain is a bit squished in so its a little difficult to put a lid on your drink, and the facility itself closes kind of early, I think 9:00? but other then that a great place to get a bite to eat.
1	Very, very dirty.  Fans and drink cooler have caked on dirt.  So gross...  Won't be back here again.
1	Brought in a coupon for a free 6" sub with the purchase of one of equal or greater value. I decided to get a footlong for me and the six inch for my son. I feel totally ripped off. They said in order to use the coupon they would have to ring it in as 3 separate six inch subs because the computer wouldn't recognize the coupon with a footlong. So in the end I ended up paying more for the 2 six inch sandwiches than I would have if I had just paid for my footlong and a six inch. Totally bugged!
1	Dear Owner that assisted us this morning,There is a calculator next to your register, I suggest you use it. You snapped at me because I said you charging me full price for the sandwich was dumb and we tried to tell you it would be cheaper to get the deal and the OJ. Well sir, let's do the math. $3.75 (full price) for the sandwich$1.80 for the OJ$0.51 tax------------$6.06 TOTALNow let's try it with the meal deal that would have gotten me a small pop with my sandwich and OJ. $3.00 Meal Deal$1.80 OJ$0.44 tax------------$5.24 TOTALSo tell me how that isn't cheaper? If you are doing it to me you are doing it to everyone who comes in your store. Knock the SHIT OFF and learn some simple math.
1	Horrible service, they never have enough product (I.e. No flatbread in the morning for a breakfast sandwich, no wheat bread at noon for lunch, soda dispenser was out of syrup and no one knew how to replace it despite already purchasing a drink, and no one knew how to refund my money for the drink).  Service is slow at lunch, took me 45 min to get through the line.  I lunch at subways all the time and never have this problem, only at this location.  Despite living within 2 min of this location, I'll go elsewhere.
5	I go to this store all the time and Its always clean and the food prep area always looks good and fresh.  The 2 girls I see during the day shift are always friendly and attentive. The speed of service is good.
