5	I went to Kens Nails on Tatum a couple weeks ago and finally found my go-to nail place! The staff was friendly and helpful and it's a nicely decorated spa. I went in to get a mani/pedi and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of service. Mandy was my manicurist and she was wonderful. I got the gel nail manicure which was only $30 and the spa pedi which was only $32 and amazing! I am looking forward to going back.
4	the ladies at ken's aren't as rushed as other places so i like that they spend extra time on my cuticles.  mani and pedi w/ polish and callus remover runs about $45, about the same as other places.  they are usually busy and i'd recommend appointments.
4	For a new shop was doing a good business. I waited about 5 minutes for my nails. Did s good job and offering discounts. I'll go back.
2	Skip it. I could barely communicate with my manicurist. When I pointed out a spot on my nails that was from the polish during the gelish application, my manicurist hollered something in another language to the other employees. Three women came up and said "no that's your nail." When I disagreed, they threw their hands up and walked away. They also tried to swipe my AmEx twice before telling me they don't take it. Not a pleasant experience overall.
5	I finally found my local nail place, that I actually enjoy returning to! They are always so friendly and clean! I have never had any issues. I have had to wait before due to the business but they always quote times correctly, and they take reservations too.
5	I have been going here for about a year, and have never had a bad experience.  The prices are competitive and the staff is nice. I like that they offer a bottle of water to you after you sit in the chair for your pedi.
1	First time and will never go back. The poor manicurist that I had it was her first day and the other employees weren't helpful to her to find the supplies and my tech had to keep getting up to find things. Does not seem to be a real good working atmosphere and I could certainly tell when I was there just a few minutes. There was no thank-you except from my poor tech and all the other employees treated me the same as the poor tech. I will never go back and would suggest to anyone else not to go.
4	I had a gel mani and pedi in June, and it was a lovely experience. The tech who did my pedicure was obviously new, and she was very slow and thorough. Great massage, very little chitchat. I chose gels because I was traveling and didn't need chips. Mandy, the salon manager did the gel polish on both my hands and feet, and she was awesome! This salon has tons of colors and multiple brands of gel polish to choose from. I went with OPI, and that was a great decision. Two months later, my slow growing toenails are still perfect...not one chip! My feet are overdue for another pedi...need those calluses scrubbed and smoothed! Everything was extremely clean, including the restroom, and Mandy stayed late to finish me. I arrived at 5 pm, went right back to my pedi throne, and did not leave until after 8 pm. I'm eager to try their Goodyear location, which is much closer to my home in Surprise. I hope they are just as good!
4	The technicians here have always been kind, not too pushy, and do a great job. I have even taken my 7 year old there and they were patient with her. I am a rather shy and quiet person so when I go I really don't like to chat too much and I appreciate that they don't push the conversation. I have been there a few times and I am actually bringing both of my daughters and my sister back this week.
1	Ive only been here twice and my first experience was decent. I recently went to Kens for a spa pedicure. The older woman who did the pedicure was really good until it was time for the hot towel. She did not cool or air the steaming hot towel and sat it directly on my legs! It was so hot it felt like she burnt me. She did not seem to notice or care. The other people working I saw had aired the towels out a little before applying it to the legs. I could not believe this lady. Will not go back. Total bummer.
