5	This is my favorite store from the whole strip! I even drive further and pay more just to purchase here. Why? Because the guys working there are just devine and the clothes they have are even deviner.The guys make sure to pick me out exactly what I totally would wear.  They know my size (and name :)) and my style. I love going here mainly because I feel that I am super appreciated as a customer and I appreciate their knowledge about style, female anatomy, boobage, fabulosity without looking like a ho.Thank you! and make sure you put those new arrivals away in my size, just in case :) love ya
5	I really really really wish they would get like a town center location for this store (to assist me in avoiding the strip when it comes to shopping for cool stuff). I started coming to this store on a whim; to attempt to find something interesting and hip for my BFF and my husband to wear to the club and low and behold I found a La Dolce Vida bikini for myself (whodathunkit) and then I was hooked. Some of the stuff is really out of my budget (dresses with swarovski crystals on it, etc) but I have found some nicely tailored shirts for they guys and some bikinis and dresses that did make a nice addition to my own wardrobe :-) I highly recommend this place to those visitors that have come into town and didnt realize they needed something a little dressier than those bermuda shorts to get into the club :-) the staff is super nice and they have remembered me each and every time I come in, whether its this location or their other one at Ceasars
4	I could not resist entering this store. All the shiny, Swarovski blinged out tops caught my attention and I dragged my friends in because I "just wanted to look". Well, I quickly learned they carry Sky dresses so I knew my budget was screwed.The two staff members in the store were extremely helpful, fun, and great and up selling when they decided they should play dress up with me. I tried on a few differen dresses and jewelry, but stopped after finding an amazing Sky dress (go figure), a blinged out ring, and earrings, I decided play time should be over. They have clothing for both men and women and carry True Religion, Affliction, Salvage, J Brand, Rock and Republic, and Frankie B, among many other higher end/celebrity endorsed brands. They have everything for maxi dresses, to short club dresses, to jeans, shorts, and super cute bikinis. I give this place 4 stars due to the amazing service and attention to detail with my chosen accessories (would have been 5, but I think some items are super marked up, but hey, it's Vegas)! I love all my purchases and will definitely be back the next time I'm in town!
5	I cannot begin to describe how positively life-changing my first visit was to Stash. Let me explain.. After a few cancellations, my husband and I decided to go to the Marine Corps Birthday Ball in Vegas at the last minute. We are 5 hrs away, and I didn't have time to get a dress, so I figured I'd just get a dress when we got to Vegas. First thing we did before even checking into our hotel (the Ball was in 1.5 hrs) was stop at the first store we saw--Stash. I walked in, nervous if I would even find a gown and for a decent price. Sagi quickly came up to me and asked what I needed. "Something classy, nothing hoochy," was all I told him. Within seconds, he grabbed 3-4 gowns, whisked me into a dressing room, and I couldn't have asked for a better selection! All the dresses he picked were just lovely and the price tags were all well under $200!Seriously, Sagi knew everything I wanted and needed without me even uttering a word. He was honest about how each dress fit, without being rude, and told me every time how beautiful I looked.In the end, I picked a stunning blue dress that really complemented my "mom" body. Then he added some serious bling that made it even more spectacular. I was in and out of the store in 20 minutes--plenty of time to get ready for the Ball!That night, truly, I felt and looked beautiful. I have serious issues with baby weight after pregnancies and feeling crazy insecure about myself, but Sagi made me cry tears of sheer joy at how nicely he treated me and made me feel good about myself.People too often underestimate the power of sincerity and a few kind words. Sagi will never know just how much it meant for me to feel beautiful, and I will never forget his kindness. Thank you! If ever you want first-class customer service and gorgeous clothing--Stash is IT!
