5	I live in Scottsdale, but have used Franklin documents  for 5 years now when ever I have business in Las Vegas.  Recently the higher ups at my company threw me a curveball and wanted some printing done with almost no notice.  Amber, Wendy and the folks over at Franklin made me look real good.  I will be using them when ever I need something in Las Vegas.
5	There it was- the middle of the night in Washington, DC.  I was barely 10 copies into a 300 booklet job for my big Vegas meeting in two days, when the Xerox decided it had nothing more to give me.  I called the tech, he pronounced it dead, and I hit the internet.After an hour or so of realizing that everything in DC runs from 8-5 M-F only, I realized that I should be searching 24 Hour Las Vegas.  Checking into the standards (Kinkos, Staples, etc.) found me massively high prices and apathetic telephone service.  I started emailing around for someone to help me, and not one of the other "We're here for you 24/7!" print shops bothered to answer email or phone.  Finally, I dialed Franklin Document Services.Austen did a lot to calm me down.  The job that I was thinking of as a monster wasn't anything out of the ordinary for them.  The way he spoke, it was like I was more of a friend than a customer.  He sent me a quote as soon as he could, and it was amazingly only a third of what the Kinkos staff had mumbled at me, and with more detail that proved that he knew exactly what I was looking to print.Use Franklin Document Services whenever you need printing services in Las Vegas.  Period.
5	You that song, "Last night a DJ saved my life"....  well for me that DJ is Franklin Documents. Austen answered my call today at 8am on a Saturday and printed my needed banner a few hours later for an event taking place tomorrow.  Thank you so much for being a printing company that screams 'Las Vegas Baby' ("Anything you want at anytime")  Thank you Austen for last minute, short notice, professional, stress free service. Smiles....
5	Super nice staff and very quick turnaround for print jobs. Great prices too - comparable or cheaper than the best deals you can find online, and the big difference is you can have docs in your hands within a day or two! They were able to execute same-day printing of my small order and I really appreciate the effort they made to make sure my posters came out right - they even let me peek at the screen to verify the proof one last time before going to print. Looking forward to taking our next, larger print job to FDS. They are pro. (When it comes to color print media, you can't mess around!)
5	I've used FDS in the past for my professional, large print-run needs.  They have always delivered a top-notch product at a very reasonable product, often under tight turn-arounds.Today, they really went the extra mile.  We needed 200 copies of a memorial booklet for my uncle's funeral.  We'd been counting on printing them at FedEx Office, until we heard the quote ... almost $800 dollars ... for laser copies.  And, FedEx Office would not honor a 50% off promo code from the web because their systems would not handle it.So, I called FDS at 4:15pm, they close at 5pm.  They stopped the presses and put my little job at the front of the line.  They were courteous and compassionate and gave us a very reasonable price for their services.  Even with courier fees, we were well under a third of FedEx.As long as I am in Vegas, FDS has my business.
5	Holy smokes! Ordered some retractable banners at around 11:00am. In walks the delivery guy at 2:30pm the same afternoon with the banners. That is a crazy-fast turn-around time. The banners looked great too. Way to go, FDS.
5	Wow! We ran out of Pricing Sheets for a trade show this past week.  The business center at the Sands wanted $2.00 per sheet so we had to find an alternative and fast.  Franklin Documents was the first company listed on my Google search so I called and they said they could have my order printed by the next morning.  It was almost closing time, but Austen, the owner, stayed there to wait for my emailed file.  By the opening of the show the next morning Michael the courier was there waiting for me!  We had all our Pricing Sheets printed ($.04 each).  They looked great and had plenty for the duration of the show.  Thank you Austen, Michael, and Franklin Documents for saving the day!!
5	Fast, professional, courteous (nice!), fair prices, super fast service.We needed rush business cards that didn't look like we printed them ourselves. We first went to the Fedex at Mandalay Bay and although they were speedy, nice, and convenient, their same-day business cards are on really flimsy paper stock. Not suitable at all.I called around for another same-day business card service, one that delivered, and decided on Franklin because they gave a considered, reasoned response to my initial query. My fault that we couldn't get them the same day because I turned in the artwork too late, but they delivered to us at the hotel by 10am the next morning. Note that if your order is under a certain minimum, they charge $35 or something like that for delivery, but we were happy to pay.Everybody I dealt with--Kerry, Michele, Mike--was extremely nice, professional, and knowledgeable. They took time to understand what I needed and when, and they were responsible, communicative, and good at their respective jobs.And they came through with rush, delivered, good-looking business cards!  Huzzah!
