5	So incredibly happy with the quality service I received at McIlvain Motors! Wouldn't dream of taking my Porsche Cayenne anywhere else. Scott, the owner, was so accommodating and knowledgeable! If you're looking for a good and reliable place to take your Porsche, then I would definitely recommend McIlvain Motors. You will not be disappointed!
5	Amazing service with the best rates in Phoenix! I took my Porsche 911 to McIlvain Motors for my 60,000 mile service.  The owner, Scott, came to my office to pick up my car and dropped it back off when completed.  Could not have been easier!
5	After moving to Phoenix, I was on the lookout for a independent mechanic who was knowledgable about Porsches.  Scott came highly recommended from local Porsche Club of America members, so I called him when I needed some basic maintenance on my 2000 Boxster.  Scott himself answered the phone and was happy to chat with me about the car and take it in for an oil change an an inspection.  I dropped the car off on a weekend morning, went about some errands, and returned a few hours later to pick it up.  He walked me around the vehicle while the car was still on the lift and pointed out the various components that I should be paying attention to, especially those that are known to cause problems and normal wear items like brake rotors and tires.  It was helpful to see everything pointed out in person and honestly it was just a treat to see the mechanics of the vehicle.  I think any car enthusiast would appreciate the ability to see the components from the mechanic's point of view.  And this guy obviously eats, breaths, and lives Porsches.  I was charged a very reasonable price for the oil change, inspection, and fluids and left very impressed with Scott and his shop.After a little more time with the car, I decided to upgrade the base suspension to the Porsche M030 ROW suspension and again gave Scott a call.  He provided me some information on the virtues of the optional Porsche suspension vs. popular coilovers used by many track cars and gave me a quote on the labor ($80/hr btw... hard to beat that!).  I decided that the ROW would be right for my street car, and Scott agreed to let me purchase the parts and have them shipped directly to his shop.  After the parts delivered, he coordinated with me to pick up my car and even went out of his way to allow me to freshen up the brakes while the car was already up on his lift.  Again, before the car was back on the ground, he pointed out the new components and the basics of the installation and also alerted me to watch out for a potential leak in the car's water pump (a known issue).  With the wheels bolted up, he took the car out for a test ride to make sure that there was no unexpected behavior or clunks out of the suspension and then recommended a shop for the alignment that I will need.  I've rarely left an auto mechanic feeling so confident that the work that was done to my car was: (1) desired/necessary, (2) top quality, and (3) value priced.  Every part of my experience with McIlvain Motors was simply top notch...  If you care about your Porsche and don't want to hassle with the dealership for your auto work, give Scott a call and see what he can do for you and your ride.  I'm very glad that I did.  Thank you, Scott!
5	I am very pleased with the work (new brakes, new clutch, 60K service and a few oil changes) Scott at McIlvain Motors has done on my 911 (997) convertible. He truly is a great independent Porsche mechanic - definitely very knowledgeable about all things Porsche and provides a quality product that is very fairly priced. Compared to other independent shops I have tried in the area (and to the vastly more expensive dealer), he is both better and less expensive.But Scott is so much more - he is also a super-nice guy that takes a real interest in his customers and their cars, always willing to provide great (often money-saving) advice on everything from water leaks, to future service needs, to weak points in a particular car and design and what needs to be done to minimize those weak points.I highly recommend Scott for any Porsche related work, try him out and you definitely won't be disappointed!
5	Scott and the team at McIlvain Motors are the most trustworthy guys you'll find with some of the lowest prices around. You wont find anyone better when it comes to the regular maintenance, repairs, or performance modifications to your Porsche. They offer a high level of service with the best prices. You can't go wrong with McIlvain Motors.
