4	I have not been here in over a year because my last few visits were mediocre at best.  I was looking through the West Valley View earlier this week and saw that they had remodeled the place so today I decided to try it again.  When I walked in, I was very impressed.  The remodel is very nice and I did not recognize the place.  I had a dozen wings and a pint while watching some football and was very satisfied.  The wings were nice and hot, and the beer was ice cold.  What more could you ask for.  I am glad I have some place near the house to go too.
1	I have decided to change my rating after my experience there tonight.  I went at about 5:00pm and there was already a good crowd at the Bar so I sat at one of their booths.  One of my biggest pet peeves is when you go to a restaurant and  they ignore you, and that's just what happened.  I sat and sat until I saw one of the guys at the bar who I saw order his food get his dinner and finished it.  Honestly, I try to not judge a place off of one experience but after waiting for close to 25 min without even a hello, I doubt I will ever be back.  It wasn't even like they were super busy, I watched the bar tender and the other waitress talking it up with all the people at the bar a looked at me but never came over.  I ended up just leaving.
1	me and my wife went there to watch a ufc ppv. we sat in the booth on the side. the waitress barley knew the menu. we waited 15 -20 mins everytime we got a drink. the last beer i got it took 25 mins and gave to me on the house cause they could tell how pissed i was, plus they had 3 people working with 75-100 people there. who ever runs that place is a moron.
1	Me and my son was out to get a quick bit to eat... I tell you what. There was 1 waitress and seemed she had her children there ages around 7 or 9 years old....she gave us our drinks and went and played with her kids....really.....waited 25 minutes and we left....no classnever going back.
4	Screwballs is my new go-to dive bar for HH at the end of a heinous work week!  It is in a spot that doesn't get much traffic, so the reviews are true that the service isn't so fantastic...but that's because there is usually only one server/bartender and a person running the off track betting window.   But, the bar food is tasty and the drinks are too.  The bartender, who has been the same guy both times I've been in, is still very helpful and apologetic if he gets super busy.  He stays on top of it pretty darn well for being the only on there.  Poor guy.  The last time we were in, there was a 2nd server and the service was quick and the food came out in a super speedy fashion.  Try the fried zucchini and the garlic cheese bread...sure it's probably just some quick frozen fare, or maybe it's not.  But, there is something about it that tastes so delicious with a cold glass of brew.  I do love their hot wings as well for as inexpensive as they are.  It's worth going in for at least one visit.  You may or may not like the service, depending on if they are understaffed.  On the other hand, if my review gets more people in...then they will start bringing in a 2nd server every time and no one will be able to complain about it anymore!!
1	Don't try to defend yourself there if you are a woman single by herself and two guys trying to take advantage of you no one there has your back and then you'll be 86 th for trying to protect yourself don't go there if you're a single woman it's not worth it
