5	The empanadas were great, staff was very professional and greeted me as soon as I walked in. I tried the Frozen hot Chocolate and it was great! Definitely would recommend this place it is awesome especially if you are looking to try something new :)
5	Walking in I was expecting a Latin vibe but I was pleasently surprised to find a world map of flavor. Empanadas from Asia, India and Latin America and each with authentic fresh ingredients. A little pricey but you won't leave hungry after two or three of their signature Empanadas. Enjoy!
5	Found this little gem at Tempe Market place.  Excellent sandwiches, empanadas, and teas.  Staff is friendly and efficient.
5	Empanadas were awesome!! Great flavors and spread. The soups were awesome...we had the tomato basil soup which was too good for a vegetarian soup. Even the other japanese soup available tasted very good. If you ask, they give you sample to taste as well. Servers were  very professional too. Overall loved the place
5	Cuban sandwich was great and wow the fruit smoothie!  definitely going back..
5	Strolled through Tempe Marketplace and found this new gem. Absolutely loved the idea of this place. Staff is friendly and helpful. Food and drinks are flavorful and creative. I had the Fire Roasted Quinoa Salad and Thai Milk Tea with Boba. Both were phenominal. Highly recommend this place to others. I will definitely be back!
5	The food is fantastic. The drinks are refreshing and original. Spoke with the chef. Very nice guy as were all of the employees. If you're at Market Place you really need to stop by here and try a few things. You'll be hooked!
2	This review is based only on their drinks. Have not tried the food yet.Wanted to try this place out after Tea Infusion closed down. Went in today wanting an refreshing iced tea. Problem is the way they make you an iced tea is by giving you a hot cup of tea with a bag and then a cup of ice. THIS IS NOT HOW YOU MAKE AN ICED TEA!!! Did the ownership not take notes when Tea Infusion was still there? I also ordered an iced chai latte. Also poorly made! The old chai lattes were smooth, sweet and creamy. The one I had today was watered down, chalky and luke warm. Needless to say if they can't get the simplest tea making down I'm scared to try the food.And where did all the former staff go?! Miss their friendly faces...
5	They have TO DIE FOR empanadas. I tried the chicken paella (a Spanish classic) and bulgogi beef (famous Korean barbecue). Both were excellent.  The ingredients taste very flavorful and the crust is buttery and soft. All of their employees are very friendly.  I asked for a recommendation on a drink and I was told to go with hibiscus lemonade, which is a blend of hibiscus tea and lemonade.  It was pretty amazing and very refreshing! Even when my friend and I sat down, since it was our first time, we were explained what the two dipping sauces were at the table.  Later, we were checked on to see how everything was and then our baskets were taken from our table like a full-service sit down place. I was very impressed with the food, the service, and the restaurant overall. I will definitely be back. Keep up the great work!!!
5	Originally, I was going to give this place 4 stars because I was not overly excited about the food. I ordered the beet and goat cheese salad. The lady at the register made a point to tell me how big and filling the salads were. They are delicious, but not that big. For $9, I feel like chopshop has salads twice the size and lots of meat in them. (Chicken is an additional $2)This place gets 5 stars due to the customer service and atmosphere. Every single person working asked me how I enjoyed my meal and how my day was going.  All of them! Very sweet staff and great atmosphere. This is what will make me return and try more of their menu. Ingredients are fresh, menu is diverse. Drinks: smoothies/coffee/boba tea/wine/beer/sodaFood: empanadas/sandwiches/salads/soups/assorted pastries
1	This was the worst service I have ever experienced!  It took quite a few minutes of standing at the counter before being greeted, then the cashier was extremely distracted while taking our order.  She not only had us repeat our order 3 times, but still got it wrong when she read it back.  The whole time we were up there and while she was taking our order, there was hot food sitting on the counter waiting to go out.  The cashier started talking to another employee while we were there about who the order was supposed to go to and neither of them knew so it just sat there for even longer.Our drinks, which were just okay, took a a couple of minutes to come out, which was fine.  We started getting concerned about our food order 15 minutes after we ordered when the same cashier came up to clarify what our order was and claimed there was a mix up in the tickets.  Right after, we heard her go behind the counter and yell out our order for the first time.  Even then there wasn't any rushing and it took about 10 additional minutes to receive our food which appeared to have only needed heating up.  When she finally brought over the order, some of the toppings and the bread on the sandwich had fallen off.They have sauces sitting out on all of the tables which smell awful!!  You can smell them right when you walk through the door and the scents are so strong that it almost made me gag.The food was decent.  However, I found it to be very over-priced for the serving size.  But with how awful the service was, there is no way I will ever be returning to this place.
5	Best empanadas in Tempe. The yellow curry was my fav. The chef was very friendly so was the staff
5	The only reason I would give this place less than five stars is the price but the empanadas over rule that! Hands down the best empanadas in Arizona.
5	Visiting from out of town and decided try something new.  Tired of all the normal chain restaurants.  Inside was a very bring and well air conditioned environment.  So nice to be out of the AZ heat.The empanadas are amazing! Each one has its own flavor representing different regions of the world.  They aren't fried like traditional empanadas, they have a flakey croissant like crust that is perfect.  I had the Gaucho beef empanada and the Cucumber melon drink.  They also have sandwiches and salads.Everything is made fresh and has a very gourmet taste to it.  The drinks really refresh you on a hot day.  Love the atmosphere too!Not sure what the 2 negative reviews are all about because I had a great experience.  Skip the Starbucks and Corner Bakery and try this place out!  Good for drinks, snacks, dinner and dessert
5	I love this place, chicken Zuri is amazing. Service is also good.  Their drinks are kinda expensive but they're really good. I also tried their deserts it was good not as good as their food tho. I wish if this place would have a coffee machine that would be perfect, all they have is a normal coffee.
4	The ambience in this new cafe is quite chill and good place to hangout during the Arizona heat.The frozen hot chocolate is good but the chocolate flavor is rich and sweet - probably because of the vanilla bean. It's too rich and sweet for my taste - but definitely something to try. Last time I had a frozen hot chocolate was at Serendipity in Vegas next to Cesar's Palace. Good to did one locally :)I guess something I should try next time around is the fruit juice blends. Perhaps next time!
5	I have secretly stalked Sydney's for a couple weeks now and garnered enough strength to finally enter and partake! Amazing vegetarian options and so inexpensive! The samosa empanada was my victim, the flavor and texture and deliciousness wereOut of this world! The dipping sauces: amazing! Can't wait to go back and try more delicious options!
4	Their food is delicious and customer service was awesome!! The manager recognized me and my wife coming in for the second time and he gave us a free dessert empanada. The cubano is authentic and delicious just like in Miami. Awesome spot you should check it out.
4	Great food and great customer service! One sandwich didn't come out melted and they immediately took it back and gave us a new one. Really great people working here
5	I love this place! I love that it is not a chain restaurant, it's one of a kind & you can tell the chefs take pride in everything they serve!! The ambiance is very inviting and cool, it's decorated so cute-you feel like you're in some great city somewhere else besides Tempe. The staff are all very friendly and helpful!! I love this local business and hope that you go try it for yourself!! The menu has lots of yummy choices!!
5	Great empanadas. Had the chicken and beef as well as a peach empanada for desert. Sooo good.The staff there were all really friendly and easy to talk to. Will definetley be going back.
5	I think this is a notch over Republica empanada.  We've had the patio chicken empanada,  the gaucho, a Korean bbq empanada, and the favorite was the patio chicken.  The chimichurri sauce was minty and fresh. Service was excellent and the staff very friendly. One of my favorite things are the fact the empanadas ate baked,  not deep fried.  We enjoy sitting on the patio and watching the kids play in the fountains.
5	Great food, great service. My husband had the bulgogi beef and chicken paella. I had the California. My son had the hot dog. Food came out fast and We all left full and happy. The staff was extremely friendly. They were patient with us while we looked over the menu and they checked on us multiple times. The owner even blew up a beach ball and gave it to the kids on the splash pad while we were there. He made my son's day by giving him one, too, along with a high five.We will be back.
1	Took 15 minutes to get a frozen drink. All she had to do was pull the lever on the machine.
5	Great food.  I had the Indian Samosa empenada w/slaw.  Delicious and ver authentic flavors.  Not normally a fan of slaw but Sydneys was wonderful with a crisp, fresh taste.  My 10-year old had a grilled cheese w/chips and lemonade.  She loved the sandwich and the chips. Brought her lemonade home to dad to taste because it was so good.  I also tried the iced chai latte.  Definitely one of the best I have had.  People working there were friendly, helpful, and asked if we liked the food.  Very attentive.  Atmosphere was laid-back with interesting decorations.  Very clean. Will be back soon and I will send my friends & family there!
5	the customer service here was phenomenal. food was delicious. will be back soon for more!
5	I just happened upon Sydney's Cafe & Market one Saturday night as I was strolling through the Tempe Marketplace looking for something to eat. I thought to myself, "Whoa, that's different. I haven't had an empanada probably since I was a little boy." I gave it a try and now I'm now in love. The empanadas come in a variety of exotic selections. My favorite so far is the Peking Duck followed by the Chicken Paella. You don't have to wait for them too long and they're served to you hot, so be careful with the first couple of bites. You'll need to let the inside air out a little bit. Sydney's piece de resistance are its empanadas, but they have a very large selection of other items, which as of the writing of this review I have yet to try. I'm really looking forward to their grilled sandwiches. They even serve sandwiches in multigrain bread! How cool is that? The restaurant itself is a small space, but very quaint. I love the wooden wall on one end that you're greeted with as you first walk in, which represents the marketplace portion of the restaurant. The staff are wonderfully helpful and kind. The outside seating is nice were it not summer in the desert. I'm looking forward to many visits at Sydney's and wish them much success.
5	Stopped by this place and to grab a quick bite to eat and was really impressed!Service was better than some of the 5 star restraunts I've been to! Very friendly and helpful staff. Tried the duck empanada and green tea boba tea latte - delicious!Would def try this new spot out.
5	Great food! So flavorful without the grease! Great vegetarian choices but lots of great meat choices too. Owner is a Southwest Airlines employee so all Southwest employees get a discount!
5	I discovered this place with a few co-workers last week and I've been almost every day since! It is a cute cafe feel with amazing, quality food! The empanadas are the best I've had. My favorite is the California, which happens to be vegetarian. They also serve wine and frozen cocktails! Staff is amazing. It's quick so if you're in a hurry you get grab food and run!
5	I am really glad Sydney's came to Tempe Marketplace.  I tried the Oreo/Nutella empanada with whipped cream.  It had lots of yummy filling, not overly doughy like some empanadas can be.  The current check-in offer allowed me to try their fresh homemade lemonade.  Yum!Service was good too.  The staff is friendly and doting.  Great place!  Keep it up!
5	I recommend the cubano and the thai tea. The only thing that would make it better is if was pressed! Everyone there is super nice...perfect luch spot!
4	I was very disappointed in the boba milk iced tea - it was mostly milk and I could not taste the tea. It should be made with a splash of milk, not a splash of tea. I threw it out. However, I was happy with the paella empanada. It was rich and simply yummy. I will be back to try more of their empanadas and their desserts.
3	If there's one thing I like, it's an empanada so when I heard about this place I immediately put it on my shortlist of places to check out.My boyfriend and I went on a Saturday night. It was about 9pm and there was no one there. We walked in and the guy working the counter asked us if we'd been in before. We said no and expected to get a run down of their offerings. We did not get any information whatsoever. In fact, he just walked away from us at that point. Okay, weird. So we decided which empanadas we wanted to try and each ordered two.They came out all 4 in one basket. Considering they also gave us forks and knifes I would think we'd get plates or something. Nope. So I asked for a second basket. I should note their "baskets" are weird. They are metal and do not have flat bottom so cutting your empanada is really awkward.  I got the paella chicken and the bulgogi beef. Both were pretty good but neither one really blew me away. I thought the dough could have been a little crispier and the fillings a little more flavorful. If I'd never had empanadas before I would have thought they were great but considering I've had better, even here in Phoenix, I can't say they were anything to write home about.So not bad in a pinch but I wouldn't go out of my way to go back.
5	On my way to Smash Burger I saw a sign for "Legendary Empanadas" and couldn't resist stopping by. The atmosphere of the restaraunt is cozy and welcoming, with comfortable couches around the walls. I was greeted by Jason, who kindly helped me make my empanada selection. I ended up choosing the Bulgogi Empanada, which Jason reccomended I try with the Hoissin BBQ Sauce. The empanada had a soft and chewey outside and had great flavor and tender bulgogi meat on the inside. The Hoissin BBQ sauce is a must, and complements the flavor of the empanada perfectly. Not only did Jason bring me napkins and ask how I liked my food, but also brought me an Atomic Coffee to try that he had told me about. The Atomic Coffee is an iced coffee that they cold brew for 14 hourswith different infusions and spices. It was definitely the best iced coffee I've ever tasted, and will blow anything you can get at Starbucks out of the water. I also had a Nutella Oreo empanada that Jason prepared for me. I'll let the name of the dessert speak for it's self. Most dessert empanadas are always hit or miss, and this one is definitely a hit. After I was finished with my Empanadas and started typing this review, an employee here named Matt asked me if I wanted to try something new and I said sure! He then came out of the kitchen with two plastic cups and put lemonade into each one. He mixed one withCardamine and the other with Cinnamon and Nutmeg. He told me that he'd been experimenting with these on his own and that they weren't on the menu. Both were exotic tasting and the Cinnamon and Nutmeg one had a great kick to it. I was very impressed, Matt made a lemonade that was originally great even better. I would definitely like to see his lemonade's on the menu one day. He and Zach then talked to me about Arizona and welcomed me to the valley. The only thing that was better than the delicious empanadas and drinks was the friendly employee's and the amazing customer service. I've definitely found my new hang out spot and will be coming back a frequently!
5	Staff is as friendly as it gets!The Boba Tea is excellent! The Cuban is really great as well. The best drink I've had there is the frozen strawberry slushie. Its soooo ridiculously good in my opinion. Its a must order each time. Ask for a sample before you buy one just so you are sure. They will let you sample any drinks before purchasing one.I'm a big fan of empanadas and while I love Sydney's I can only say the empanadas are "fair" at best. They are small and expensive! I also prefer the fried empanadas as well and these are baked so take my review of them with a grain of salt. The price is not right regardless, though.Ray, the head chef, is super friendly and genuinely cares about the guests who come in to the restaurant. I go back often and always enjoy being instantly greeted by him. I look forward to trying more stuff here in the future and plan to return many times and often!
5	There isn't anything we have tried that isn't delicious! I can confidently recommend the Zuri Chicken, bulgogi beef, empanadas and the ham and cheese melt as well as the Dutch mushroom and carmelized onion cheese sandwich! I cannot forget the outstanding Oreo Nutella empanada- be ready to be wowed- it is rich and delicious!
5	Having recently traveled to Puerto Rico, my fiancee and I have been craving empanadas something fierce ever since we got back. We've tried a few places around town - from the East Valley to the West as well as North. We've experienced a good array of quality and variation. I would place Sydney's (with regard to their empanadas) as "fancy" as opposed to "traditional" (based on my limited experience). I had an empanada and a Chipotle Chicken Club Sandwich. The sandwich was bonkers. The chicken was super tender and flavorful, and I enjoyed their sauce. I also ordered a desert empanada... oreo nutella... it was also insane. Loved it. Molly had a couple of empanadas - veggie and chicken, and a mango coconut dessert one. She was in heaven. The staff was exceptionally nice, and the place was clean and well designed. It is the first one of its kind, but you can just tell they plan to make many more of them. It's a great concept, and if they keep service outstanding food like this, with top level service, they will make more.This spot used to be the home of a nice little tea and sandwich joint which also had nice employees and good food. While I liked that place, I'm truly excited for this one, and it's definitely going to be a place I visit often and which I would recommend to friends from out of town.
5	Sydney's is FANTASTIC! The two staff members I spoke to (one looked like a manager) were welcoming and friendly. My boyfriend and I had the Chicken Paella empanada, BBQ empanada and the Flying Chicken Chipotle club. The sauce for the club was so delicious, the empanadas were flavorful, everything really blew me away.  It was really refreshing eating something so original instead of the same old thing. Amazing.
4	Stopped by today for the first time.  I order the 2 item combo with the Patio chicken and Paella chicken.  Both empanadas were very good. Two things I had a problem with... the combo comes with a side of coleslaw-which never made it into my to go bag.  The cashier convinced me to try it and I wish I could have.  When she was handing me my bag I noticed on the sign that the combo came with a drink, I asked her about it and she said it did and gave me a cup.  Shouldn't she had already known that? Luckily I saw it so at least I was only missing one thing instead of two! I will go back, I will just make sure to check my bag before I leave next time!
3	Place is a cute atmosphere to just hang out or even do some hw. The selection in smoothies and teas are not too great but they are okay. The salads are good and they give you a lot but they don't taste that great. A typical salad taste you buy from a gas station... But. Overall it is a good place to grab a quick bite or smoothie!
5	I LOVED my experience here! The staff was super friendly, knowledgeable and entertaining. The shop was clean and not crowded, plus the food was superb. My party and I enjoyed everything about this restaurant, especially the boba tea. If you're looking for a great bite with an awesome atmosphere - try them for sure!
5	I absolutely adore this place. I love places that are unique and bring character to their environment. The staff is excellent and extremely friendly. On my first visit I opted for a small snack and I fell in love with the chocolate cake they serve. It's what brings me back each and every time!  My only complaint would be that they seem to rotate the cakes so they don't always have my favorite cake but other than that, this place is great!
5	Great food and really nice and friendly people. Must taste the empanadas. Paella's one is impressive.
3	Have been twice. First time was an evening visit with a guest. We got a couple empanadas and did some sharing. "Peking" Duck, "Bulgogi" Beef (x2), and "Samosa" Veggie. Bulgogi Beef was nothing special but the Peking Duck was pretty tasty, as was the Samosa. Nothing mind-blowing, but good food. Had a delicious Thai Iced Tea to wash it down. Decided to try out their desserts as well, something I don't normally do, and therein lies my mistake.Ordered the Oreo/Chocolate Empanada and the Pumpkin Empanada (seasonal, I would assume) and we didn't like either. I didn't try the Pumpkin so I can't comment on that but I did try the chocolate empanada and it was awful. No exaggeration, just awful. The center was not melted, or soft, or anything you would presume from ordering a chocolate empanada. It was filled with a tough chocolate paste of some kind (very gruff, unpleasant texture in your mouth) with broken bits of Oreo cemented within. Most of it ended up in the trash.Came back another day and asked about the dessert I got. "Is it usually supposed to be melted or warm in the center?" The woman working let me know that it is *supposed* to be. When I described what I had experienced to her, she couldn't believe it. I had been served a dessert that hadn't been cooked or prepared in any way. She offered me a freebie, which I appreciate, but my second trip was a lunch run and I don't really do daytime dessert. Perhaps the younger guy who served it to me was new?Anyway, second trip was a lunch run that consisted of two sandwiches and a couple empanadas ("Patio" Chicken and Chicken Paella). The empanadas were tasty enough but one of the sandwiches was a Cubano and they apparently ran out of the bread they use for Cubano, so they substituted. That's forgivable, but they didn't toast or 'press' the sandwich like it was a Cubano and the result was a soft/soggy bun that greatly diminishes the Cubano sandwich experience.I work nearby so I thought I timed the order correctly but I arrived when they told me to and it was another 10-15 minutes before I left with my food. Something to keep in mind if you've got limited time... I didn't really mind because I figured the extra time would give me a chance to get another Thai Iced Tea but learned (only after paying) that they were out of the ingredients to make it. I was offered a Green Milk Tea or something similar but didn't feel like chancing it with something I've never tried, so I acquiesced for a regular Green Tea. This is cheaper than the Thai Iced Tea but there was no refund or partial refund discussed. I would like to believe they'll give me a free Thai Iced Tea next time I stroll in but who knows. The regular green tea that I asked for didn't taste like regular green tea, pretty sure they gave me the green tea with some sort of berry or fruit flavor involved. Meh.When they are on their A game, I imagine this is a pretty good place. Points off for uncooked dessert ("gross" doesn't cover what my mouth experienced), long wait for food, soggy Cubano, wrong tea, and not being aware of what's in stock before letting people pay. It's very possible that I just had a really unlucky run (within a couple days of each other) so I am more than willing to try again. Staff is friendly enough. So here's to hoping their ingredients arrive, they get a better review and I finally get some Thai Iced Tea.
3	It was just ok. The duck empanada was definitely the best out of the 4 we tried. The dough is thick and not very flaky. The staff was nice but must have been new as she served us our dessert empanada cold. We tried the oreo Nutella one and ate only half because the filling was rock hard. The drinks were tasty though.
4	Genuinely kind staff that cares about the individual needs of each customer. Our cashier suggested a combo that would allow us to save and enjoy a free drink, in addition to the discount for being a southwest flier. I had the California empanada, which has the perfect blend of spinach, mushrooms and ricotta. I would definitely return!
5	Came here on a beautiful sunny day for lunch.  This was a very unique cafe.  Empenadas were displayed clearly through the glass so you get to see exactly how it looks before you buy it.  The lemonade and tea was delicious and very fresh.  The empenanadas were heated up and quickly served to us within 5 minutes of sitting down.  Wonderful local cafe inside of the District at Tempe Marketplace!
3	From my experience as a 27 year flight attendant traveling the world on a major airliner, I have had better. But in Arizona there are not many options when it comes to filling your empanada yearning. My friend and I stopped by for a quick snack to hold us over until dinner. I ordered the Gaucho. He ordered the Zuri. My Gaucho was tasty. But it was even better when I added some of the tableside chili spread on top of it. The texture of the meat in mine tasted as if it had been pureed, kinda pasty. My experience from empanadas in Boliva and Peru the ground beef is still crumbly. Also the pastry dough wasn't flaky. The dough reminded me a bit of pizza dough. It was good, though. However, I do prefer a flaky crust. The price was a big difference too. Over 4 bucks is a little steep for an empanada. In South America you can snag'em for a buck. But I understand the overhead of having a store at the Market Place. My friend who spends a lot of time in Argentina and Uruguay just said his was okay when I asked him how his was. I ordered an Arnold Palmer which was Delicious! Will I go back? Yes. Only if I am at Tempe Market Place. I wouldn't just go to make a special trip to Sydneys. But I would stop if I was nearby shopping again.
1	I wanted to like this place...it's one of the only quick bites on this side of the center. I wasn't greeted at the door and I had to say hello at the register to the young workers. I asked if I could add turkey into the Big Cheese Classic, but they said they did not have turkey. So I still went with a classic grilled cheese! (Can't go wrong, right? Wrong.)  First I saw him put lots of mayo on each bread which I thought was weird (and extra fattening). They brought it to me with just the Gouda and Swiss cheese. I asked where's the cheddar!? And the guy said he didn't realize it's made with all three cheeses (when the big menu is seen stated above where he's making it). They asked if I wanted cheddar (duh, and I'm not paying over $7 for nothing) and they added it into my already toasted sandwhich. So just more butter added making it tasting over burnt and greasy instead of making me a fresh one from their mistake. Definitely not coming back and will take the extra walk to Paradise Bakery.
3	This place has serious potential but...they were out of lettuce which meant that you couldn't order a salad.  They were out of their soup offering and waiting for a new batch to be made, which was a different of kind of soup than what they had posted.  We went here for lunch on a Monday at 11:30 AM.  It felt like they were unprepared for the lunch crowd.  I did have the Samosa empanada which was very good.  I would go here again, with the hope that I could actually try what I want from their menu.
4	I visited Bills for lunch on my last day in NYC as it was just next door to my hotel The Gansevoort. Although I am not a massive Burger fan, I thought when in Rome, so thought i'd give it a try. I was eating alone and the waitress made me feel very welcome. The place wasn't too busy when I arrived, but it was definitely picking up as I left. The atmosphere was very American with a Baseball game showing on the flat screen TC's dotted about the place, I chose to sit in the back part. I ordered the 3 mini slider burgers - $8.95 and some Disco Fries (like I said, when in Rome). I can honestly say I have never eaten a tastier burger and I am hard to please. The Disco fries were OK, but the burgers were the star of the show...... If you are visiting the meatpacking district, give this place a try. It doesn't look anything special from the outside and there are probably swankier places to eat in the area but don't miss out on this place or you'll be missing out on something very special!
4	Have been here 2 times and the Empanada's are very good! I am disappointed that the place is empty because it has serious potential. Both visits were during the Christmas shopping season and during lunch time. One of the best choices is the Samosa Veggie. Very good blend of spices!
4	Sydney's is really good! I never knew I liked empanadas that much until I came here. I've tried the bulgogi beef, BBQ shredded pork, the paella chicken and the Oreo Nutella dessert empanada. They were all scrumptious and bursting with flavor! On the side, they have a cart with what I think are homemade sauces. My favorite is the hoisin bbq and this sauce goes great with the bulgogi beef. They have a variety of drinks such as sodas, coffee, teas, and they serve boba (regular or different flavors). Today, I tried the green milk tea with boba which was pretty good. I've tried one soup there, the pepper jack broccoli which was okay but not thick and creamy enough for my liking. Nevertheless, this place is great for a little snack while you stroll around Tempe marketplace. What I like most about Syndneys though is the service. Every employee I've encountered there were so nice, helpful, and so friendly. It's what keeps me coming back for more. I also love their cute old fashion travel/aviation/international theme as well.
