4	Yes I am giving a chain restaurant a 4. On our way to a Thanksgiving dinner in Vail we had made plans to stop for breakfast in Casa Grande.  I voted for Cracker Barrel, one vote for IHOP and 3 votes for Denny's so that is where we went.  We stopped in with a party of 6 and were seated immediately.  The restaurant was about 1/2 full.  Our drink orders were taken and filled right away.  The 4 year old in our group got his breakfast first.  All the food came out quickly.  There were no problems with improperly cooked/cold/burnt/screwed up ordrers.  The few additional requests (I asked for butter for my grits)  we made were handled quickly and with a smile.  This is definitely one of the better Denny's I have been in and would not hesitate to make this a road stop again.
4	Being that Casa Grande is an elderly mecca you would think there would be more mom and pop breakfast places... this is not the case. So we have to settle for chains.Having woke up with a craving for pancakes... we decided to travel over to Denny's for breakfast. Being that it was Saturday morning, we went right in and were seated right away. It was busy in the restaurant and we waited for about 5 min before our waitress came to get our drink order. We gave her our drink order and also our food order. I ordered the all you can eat pancakes for only $4! And my wife ordered the french toast breakfast. The food came fast and was brought to us by the manager. The food was hot and for a Denny's it was good. The waitress kept our drinks full and anticipated my next order of pancakes and put the order in. Overall it was a good breakfast experience at the Denny's.
1	ordered a breakfas special with scrambled eggs and pancakes.   When I lifted the pancakes there was eggs over easy.   I was just sick that the plate I was eating off of hadn't been cleaned from the previous person.SICK
5	We rode the Harley last weekend to Casa Grande to have a look around.  There is not a lot of selection for breakfast so we ended up at Dennys.  What a surprise we were in for!  The place was clean, the service was truly amazing!, the food was very good.  If you read my reviews you know that I am picky when it comes to eating out.  They did a great job and we will be back!
1	OK, No more Denny's for us! Last time we went for the new Banana specials, they had no bananas and then they got my order wrong. Today, we went and they were busy and the mgr was busting butt, so we took seats at the counter. Our waitress was loading a tray with our food, when another waitress started playing with her. From where we sat it appeared she stuck her finger in our syrup and my pancakes and was teasing our waitress saying it is warm enough? your pancakes are cold, etc. When I said, "Hey get your fingers out of my food, she laughed, Vic said it's not funny, and she said, "Oh, I didn't know it was yours." Like that matters - it would have been okay if it had belonged to someone who didn't see it? That made me more upset than touching it in the first place. Then the mgr came out and Vic brought it to his attn. Our waitress said she didn't really touch anything, and the mgr brought us more syrup and came back 2x to see if we were ok. Then Vic's pancakes were burned on the bottom. Wasn't even worth discussing any more, we paid our bill (of which nothing was comped) and left.
2	Well it is a Denny's so I shouldn't be to critical. However, the place was dirty. Hair strands and food pieces on the booth and a dirty floor. Food was typical Denny's food. Service was decent and servers were very nice.
5	OK, Denny's is not known for its coolness factor. But my wife and I agree that the one in Casa Grande is a hidden gem. The food quality is good for a chain restaurant. The menu is varied. Sure, there are a lot of disgusting, unhealthy items on the menu. But I am a vegetarian on a diet and can always find meals that suit me just fine. And the food is usually fresh. For example, I ordered a bowl of mixed fruit, which I normally am hesistant to do at a restaurant. But this fruit obviously had been freshly cut.We have always found the servers to be friendly and attentive. One time we went there on my wife's birthday so that she could get the free birthday Grand Slam. She also ordered a malt, as I recall, and the server brought me one too--just to be nice. Of course, it didn't help my diet, but it was a nice surprise.Few restaurants offer better value, particularly if you're old enough to take advantage of the 20% AARP discount after 4 p.m. And yes, there are a lot of old folks in Casa Grande, most of whom seem to eat at Denny's. If that bothers you, don't go there. But we like old folks.Last time we visited the Denny's in Casa Grande, we were pleased to see that it had been newly remodeled in a retro theme. That is cool.Of course, the customer experience at Denny's varies greatly depending on the restaurant. But we feel that the Denny's in Casa Grande is one of the better ones.
5	Food is great !!!! When looking for excellent service ask for Ivonne she is a great server at this location extremely prompt and always has a smile on her face!!! I come here at least once or twice a month!!! I love the food it gets pretty busy during the winter but other than that five star location!!!
5	Very busy this Saturday morning.  But we did get a table in about 10 minutes.  Being this busy I expected slower service but as soon as we sat down Hilda showed up with a smile and took our order.  Clean and friendly service.
