5	Healthy alternative, awesome sandwiches
5	The ladies and I have lunch here nearly every week between classes at the Active Adult Center.  We walk in and they know what each of us will order, who has theirs toasted, etc.  They are friendly, efficient and professional.  The Subway itself is clean and the food is fresh.  GREAT management/staff!!!!!!!!!
5	I would write a review about the food but it is typical Subway corp food. I will however comment on the service. I eat at this subway 2 to 4 times a week. The staff is friendly and nice. The staff also wears name tags on their hats. The best sandwich makers in my experience are Kat, Kira and Sunny. They are polite and always make the best sandwiches. Also avoid Michaela, she is often not polite and I find her sandwiches to saucy.  All and all a one of the better Subways in north Las Vegas.
2	I'm pretty much done with this particular Subway. Every time I get my Veggie Delight sandwich, it is like pulling teeth to get the "sandwich artists" to put enough veggies on the sandwich. Hello! It's a veggie sandwich! It's not like I'm asking for extra meat or something! Luckily there are many other Subways in my immediate area!
3	We were headed to the mountains to play in the snow, so we needed to grab lunch early.  They were open promptly at 8 am and prepared to assemble our sandwiches.
5	I Always order the same sandwiches on any subways. It's just to my liking: "sweet onion-teriyaki" sandwich! With mozzarella cheese, olives, and the veggie works!All this on a grilled flatbread!Yummy!I never order my drinks extra large ever!Hello folks, it's a soda fountain kinda thing!That means no limits!If I'm eating inside why pay extra dime if I could go back for more drinks! Besides when I'm done eating there, I don't drink anymore soda, at least for that time being...But hey, the service were pretty quick and delightful!  I don't know what some people talk about service complaints all the time!The complainers must have belong to the "complain department"; they came out to eat and complain....lol!Sorry folks, you ate it all so no refunds!! HahaAnd hey sorry guys no pictures this time because I was so hungry that I ate my sandwich like water and forgot the yelp pictures!Maybe next time!Enjoy your meal!Don't complain too much!You could be that person behind the counter you know!
1	I guess I'm not eating here today! Apparently it's a cash only day =(  feel like they could post a sign on the door or tell you as part of the greeting.
