5	I love Min and her work.As a lost little freshman, I suffered this fate during my first semester: didn't get a haircut until I flew home for winter break when my bangs grew into my eyes.Wised up the next year and decided to look for a place. Min's place was nearby and reasonably priced. Like previous reviews mention, this is indeed a 'no frills' place and great for an Asian cut. I enjoy this, no shampooing means no extra charge. She even styles your hair a little at the end of the cut, giving you suggestions.I've made several appointments over the past 3 years and have walked in a few times as well. Mixing that up, I've also come in with print outs with *exactly* what I want as well as given as little instruction as "chop it off." She has served me well. This is not because I am not picky (because I am!), but because even if there is slight language barrier, she'll do a good job of checking in for your input and reading your facial expressions.Anyway, I recommend Min, wholeheartedly. She is also an adorable person and it's hard to hate her. Come if you need a haircut a step up from Supercuts and especially if you need an Asian haircut.
4	I get apprehensive about having my hair cut.  I have a lot of thick hair, and not everyone can cut it well.  I find myself holding my breath and clenching my hands as it's cut, and I have to tell myself to not look nervous.  More often than not, I dislike my haircut at first because the stylist styles it differently than I normally do, but I really liked my hair when I left Min's today.  That's saying a lot!  I've only been in the 'burgh for just over a month, so I'm really excited to have found a place to get my hair cut!  I made an appointment in the morning and came in in the afternoon.  Over the hour that I was there, she received one phone call and two walk-in inquiries.  I commented that she was popular; she said the clients tell her that, but no, she just does her work.  Cute!Min was really thorough in her work.   I brought a picture w/me, which helped.  I was a little concerned that she said she was going to make my hair "more beautiful" than the picture, and I didn't always understand her English, but I'm pleased with the end result.  I will gladly pay $35 (the price for medium length hair) for a great haircut!
5	love her. love my hair cut.
5	The whole of the Asian community cuts their hair at Min's so you better call a few days ahead to make a reservation because she gets booked solid!  She is a one-woman do-it-all show and she does it pretty darn well.  I have not been disappointed with a single one of her cuts.  Sometimes she asks me what I want and I usually just let her work her magic.  Things I love about Min's---she always calls me "beautiful like diamond!", she tells my boyfriend to take me on vacation, she has pictures of dreamy korean drama stars on her wall as hair examples, and most importantly she knows Asian hair!
2	The two times I was here, she cut more than I asked for. I asked for long layers, and she gave me short layers. I went in with hair that went to my armpits, and I asked for no more than an inch cut off, and to just clean up the ends a bit. I also said I'd like the hair in the front to be still be able to be tied back into a ponytail.She thinned out my hair way more than I wanted, and the hair on the top of my head is now 3 inches long. It was originally at least 13-14 inches. I have poor eyesight, so I could not tell when she was cutting my hair. At the beginning, I had the feeling she was cutting my hair really short, so I emphasized a couple times LONG LAYERS. She said she knew and continued. :'(
5	Min's amazing!! She's the sweetest person ever. When I first went in, she hit my legs and said "beautiful legs!" Haha she's adorable. Her hair styling techniques are amazing too! The way she does it makes her even more professional. I love my new haircut. I definitely recommend going to her for Asian hair :)
5	Definitely recommended especially for Asian's haircut. The lady is so sweet :) She tells me a lot of lovely stories as she is doing the haircut lol. I go there every time since the first visit.
4	So I went in today for my first haircut in Pittsburgh. I started out with long hair up to my  stomach, with no style whatsoever. I made an appointment on a Saturday at 4 PM. I told her that I wanted about an inch off with light layering and long bangs. She pulled up some pictures on her tablet and showed me the style she recommended. She then went to WORK.She spritzed my hair and took her time combing and parting my hair, before grabbing a whole bunch and doing this crazy layering job with her razor.  I've never seen this kind of technique. She basically grabbed and twisted my hair and went at the ends in this rapid motion while walking around me. It was like a tornado. Needless to say, it got the job done.She was also very through and took her time. Most of the places I go to in NYC take 20-30 min tops, Min took about an hour with me. She also listened to what I wanted and gave great results. My hair is still long but with structured layers. She styled it so well with mousse and a hair dryer.She's incredibly sweet and gave the best compliments. She called me smart and beautiful. She even said that my face was what the Korean plastic surgeons model after. It was a ridiculous compliment but it really made my day. The only drawback is that the price was a little higher than what I'm used to. I usually pay around 20-35 dollars for a haircut but this time I paid $45 for long hair. I mean it was a great haircut, but if it were 10 dollars cheaper that would really make this one of my best haircut experiences ever.
4	There are two places in Pittsburgh for Asian people to get a haircut. This is the better one.I came at 5pm on a Thursday, place was empty so I didn't have to wait.The lady owner/stylist was very receptive and attentive to the hair style I wanted. Sure, I wanted a standard Asian fade but she carefully loomed at the photos I had on my phone. Here is a huge bonus though! She has a computer with tons of real photos of haircuts so you can scroll through and choose the one you want. And the pic will sit there in front of you while she cuts so you both know what the goal is.She did a great job with texturizing and giving my basic haircut a little spiffiness to keep it looking fresh. I appreciated that. Some places don't do that. I even wanted a little alteration from her style and she did it without hesitation. Great attitude! She also blended the side burns well and did good edging around the nape. Good work.After the haircut she did some little 30 second head and neck massage which wasn't bad, but really wasn't anything to speak of either. No complaints.Base Price for this men's straight forward haircut was $28.I give 4 stars because like all things Pittsburgh, it was pretty good, but not impressive (other than the photo album of haircuts). But given the cost of things in Pittsburgh, $28 for essentially a crew cut with no shampoo or massage is pretty steep. I get it. It's Pittsburgh, there's no competition. So I can't really complain. So that's why it's 4 stars not 5. Great haircut, nice experience. This will be my new hair home for 4 years.
