3	We use Snappy occasionally when we need a big clean up of the yard or we don't have time to mow the lawn.  We have a HUGE yard with a lot of grass.  What I like about Snappy is that their charges are reasonable - maybe even cheap - and they have incredibly fast response time.  They do a very nice job and they are very efficient.  My only complaints are their inconsistent pricing and they don't take AMEX.  I have received bills for more than twice the amount quoted for yard work...  when I call to question the bill, they always adjust the bill down to the original quote - but nonetheless, it questions their trustworthiness.  We would probably use them more regularly for service if I felt that their billing was reliable and if they accepted AMEX since it's the safest way to pay and I'm nervous about a company having my credit card number if their billing is a bit questionable.  Overall - good lawn service but not-so-good billing.
2	I've given two stars because in the beginning, they were great.  A far cry from their service now. I used snappy lawn service for more than three years, and have finally thrown in the towel (shame on me for not doing so sooner).  Having two rental properties in the Tempe/Phoenix area, and living out of state, Snappy has been a struggle to deal with and their customer service (or lack thereof) has been frustrating at best.  The woman who answers the phone (I believe her name is Lisa?) is never friendly and has a demeanor on the phone which epitomizes the company name - snappy. (Oh, you're right, I guess the fact that I'm getting HOA letters about weeds is really my fault!)I could write pages, but I'll summarize with the example of just one home which has a small lawn, lots lot of foliage and flowers, plus three palm trees.  Not a large yard, but beautifully landscaped and requiring attention. Skip to now: the lawn is atrocious, two of the palm trees are dead and may not be salvageable, and we've lost countless plants.  Twice I've been down to inspect, have been shocked at the condition, and have had to call Snappy to understand how this could have happened without being brought to my attention.  Long story short, the lawn will never be the same.  Additionally there were several discrepancies with the billing that came up from time to time. Do yourself a favor and find someone else to take care of your lawn needs.
5	We have used Snappy for many years now for tasks ranging from bi-weekly lawn service to water sprinkler system installation to total yard clean-up. The teams they send out work very efficiently and cleanly. Always wonderful to work with; prices are very reasonable; they are reliable, punctual and great to work with -- the owners communicated with us very well and we find them fully trustworthy. Will recommend them fully. Thanks for the great work.
4	They were early and went straight to work. My weeds were very high due to other services not showing up, but they finished and cleaned my over grown yard in an hour!  This includes trimming several bushes.  I will continue to use them until they give me a reason not to, but I've never seen a group of people work so fast.
5	Best family owned company great service. They are reliable and very friendly and I try recommend them to everyone I know.
5	I was a pleased cutomer. They came oyt re did my rock, they did a beautiful job. The owners were very pleasent to work with. I get so many compliments about my yard now.  I couldn't be happier.
5	My mom used to hire Snappy to mow their huge lawn when I was a kid.  They really are true to their name.  They would show up and do the whole job in no time like a well-oiled machine.I just hired them to remove a bougainvillea and clean up my patio.  They showed up promptly and did the job fast for a good price.  Not only that, but the patio looks great.
1	They were very affordable but it was definitely a "get what you pay for" situation. I had hired them for clean up and they did a half-ass job. I had to repeatedly ask them to go back when they said they were "done" because they still had left a tone of weeds in the ground and ones they pulled up just laying about. The leaves were not completely picked up either. Also only one worker spoke English so it made it difficult to communicate with them. I will never hire Snappy again or recommend them. Get your moneys worth and go somewhere else.
5	I have tried a lot of lawn services.  I have mostly desert landscape with trees that shed leaves almost all year.  This is the only service I have found that will work on a dependable schedule, bill by mail, and provide courteous, efficient workers.  Unlike most services that deal with small jobs, there is an office number to call for scheduling, questions, and estimate requests.  I have used this service for several months, and I am very satisfied with their work and professionalism.
2	So I guess maintaining customer service isn't their attitude. With a backyard that is half dirt. I get charged almost twice as usual. Telling me that it's "overgrown."  I can say it was higher than it was when they were supposed to do my yard versus when they actually made it, but it was the same height as usual when they come. Additionally, they were only in my yard for 20 min. You can't mow and weed an overgrown yard in such a small amount of time. Good service is hard to find so this loyal customer will say good-bye to snappy lawns.
1	We called them to come give us an estimate on Thursday only to trim our back yard after the recent monsoon storms had come in; we had a lot of overgrowth in the yard as a result. They came at the agreed upon time at 1:30 pm, but came ready to start immediately working and they didn't understand that we had only wanted an estimate. No one spoke any English except for one guy who spoke very poorly. He seemed to only understand the very basics, so when I told him the price was acceptable but I would need to schedule service for the next day, he didn't understand and kept asking me if $80 was too much money. I found their confusion puzzling because of course I had never met these people before, did not know their prices, but somehow I am supposed to hire them immediately? I tried hard to explain that I had somewhere to be soon and only wanted an estimate at that time, but I did want service for the next day (Friday) but he still did not understand. He could only repeat if the cost was too much. After some back and forth, he eventually had to call his brother over the phone so that he could translate for him. I asked him if we could schedule service for the next day at 2 pm and they agreed. I was looking forward to getting rid of this hazardous yard, and $80 seemed reasonable to me. The next day, I am sleeping and at 9 am approximately, I heard my doorbell ring. My mother in law tells me that the lawn service people are out front. Extremely irritated upon hearing that they are at my house 5 hours before the scheduled time at 2 pm, I refused to answer the door (a mistake I will not be making again) and vowed not to hire them. I was basically done by that point with their service, they didn't even give me a call on either days to tell me they were coming, which I have never experienced before with ANY professional company. They usually give you a courtesy call to make sure you are home and ready etc. Nothing. Especially if you are going to arrive 5 hours ahead of time! Unacceptable.Again, due to all of this commotion, and still being half asleep and aggravated, I laid back down. They rang my doorbell once more and knocked. I hear some noises coming from my back yard but assume at the time that they are echoes from the knocking. A minute later, I decided to go take a peek out the back and immediately notice that my bike is gone from my back yard. I raced to the front and they were gone. I immediately called the company and the woman on the phone was very defensive. She claimed that these employees would never do such a thing, they had been with the company for over 30 years (despite NO ONE looked over 35, soo landscaping as toddlers or is that collectively??), and she took down my information. I called the police immediately after and they took my report. Of course NO ONE from the company got back to me EVER. If someone had made such a serious allegation against my company, out of professionalism and cooperation, I would surely give that person a call to either conserve my business's integrity or to gauge whether or not I had hired some bad employees. Give me a call, explain your side of the story, I am not an unreasonable person. I know fully well since I did not see them take it, that it might have been someone else. However, I have lived here at my residence for 2 years, I padlock my whole back yard, we never have anyone in our back yard, and nothing has ever been as so much moved in our yard the entire time. The first time we have strangers in our yard, something goes missing? I had also seen the bike very recently before they came over that morning. I don't think I am incorrect in at least suspecting it may have been these men. That perhaps they became angry that I wouldn't answer the door, and that they had come twice already, even though this was completely their fault. The first time was supposed to be for an estimate, and the second time they arrived 5 hours early. Alas, no one has contacted me to at the very least, apologize for the terrible customer service. The lady on the phone could have cared less when I told her they were there 5 hours before the scheduled start time; she didn't even know their schedule. She sounded completely disorganized and befuddled. No one came at 2 pm either. We called again a few hours later and she told me that I would receive a call in the evening when they returned. I have yet to receive a call from the owner. Of course just to state facts: I did not see who stole my bike, I only suspect. I am rating them extremely poorly for their customer service, and professionalism. What does that say about a company that refuses to address a customer's concern, and apologize for legitimate mistakes? Just plain RUDE.
1	I will never use this company again and have told all my family to cancel as well. They tell you that they will be there a certain time and never show.  Then when they finally do show, they don't ring the doorbell which was part of the deal with signing up with them since I have a dog.  So my back never got mowed multiple times.  Also they quoted me the amount to keep up with all my bushes when they needed to be done and never did that either.  Horrible and speaking with the girls in the office was even worse since they just make comments about how you should just listen for them.  Yup, because I have time to wait around all day and run to the front window to see if it's my yard actually being mowed instead of neighbors.
