5	WOW! Just had breakfast at the cafe, I must say it was excellent. I had the "Sam I Am' and it was exceptional. I have also enjoyed lunch here and you MUST try the chips, they are so delish! Staff is very friendly and helpful!
5	It takes balls to open a higher end eatery in old Buckeye, but with the quality of food provided, I hope this becomes a destination restaurant. I had the Roasted Border omellete for breakfast and it was wonderful. Quality throughout with fresh tomatillo salsa, green chilies inside, and home fried potatoes to die for. This place does delicious food, not half assed massive portions for the typical patron of Denny's, so don't complain about not having a plate the size of a hubcap. It's wonderful food at a reasonable price. I'll be coming back for lunch....maybe today.
5	Oh my word this place is the best. The food is  great quality. We ordered the Kimmy and the Arlington. These items were a wonderful blend of flavors. The Kimmy is a turkey sandwich with a wonderful blend of textures and flavors. The sweet potato French fries were awesome! We cannot wait to return
5	This cafe is truly one of the best places to eat not only in Buckeye but in the entire West Valley. The pancakes are amazing along with the cinnamon rolls, and there is a great selection of omelets. If you are looking for lunch their hamburgers are absolutely amazing! And their selection of sandwiches are wonderful- dont let another day pass without eating at Cafe 25:35!
5	OH. MY. WORD. Fabulous. I had the Rainbow Valley, he had the Palo Verde. Absolutely FABulous, and those in-house chips were wonderful. If you haven't eaten here yet, go. They're only open until 2 pm, so hurry. Just put the car keys on the table right by the door so you don't have to fumble for them. And while you're there, make sure to order a cinnamon roll. You won't believe how nummy they are. That frosting... can't quite figure out how they made it, but I'm pretty sure white puffy clouds were one of the ingredients. Now if they only had a dinner service...
2	I read the reviews and we decided to try it this past Saturday for breakfast.  We walked up to the counter, ordered and found a seat.  The young lady behind the counter was very friendly however they do not have Diet Coke.  I dont drink coffee and was bummed out when they told me "no Diet Coke".   The food came and the portions are big.  The presentation was good but the food itself is just okay.  It isnt anything special and I wouldnt go out of my way to make a special trip just to eat there. It lacked flavor.  Kinda Blah!   I think we will try it one more time to see if its any better.  Our meal with drinks cost $21.00, so it wasnt a bad deal just need to add some flavor.
5	Officially addicted to their cinnamon rolls!  I have to eat one at least once a week.  I love the old town charm and the amazing service.  I have been back several other times for lunch and have never had a bad meal yet.
5	Happened to be in the neighborhood when I spotted Cafe 25:35... Really glad that I did! Ordered three hot sandwiches to go for lunch: The Southwest Chicken, the Pork Loin and the Ultimate Grilled Cheese. All three were FANTASTIC! Even after making the 20 min drive home with them, they were still ridiculously delicious. I was impressed with the cafe's staff as everyone was very friendly even though the place was packed and they were busy. Only downside... Their cinnamon rolls were sold out by the time I got there! Will definitely be back with my family!
4	Today I enjoyed my first trip to Cafe 25:35 in Buckeye, AZ. I had their Cadrew that came with Chicken Fried Steak, savory gravy, Two Eggs, Cafe Fries, Bacon, Sourdough Toast, and Two Homemade Pancakes. I finished every bite, except for a portion of the eggs, which is my only small complaint, they were a tad overlooked... Overall a great experience, and worth the drive!
5	This place is good. It's a nice little shining star of hip-ness in downtown Buckeye. The decor is fresh and new, the staff all wore a smile and the food is GOOD. I got a pork loin sandwich and oh my goodness. The chips are delicious. The meat was tender and fresh. The flavors were spot on. I will definitely be back - I've gotta try one of those famous cinnamon rolls!
5	Being new to Buckeye there aren't many familiar choices when dining out.  Being a breakfast lover I decided to try this place out.I liked it.  Everything tasted great and everyone was friendly.  Prices were great for the amount of food you get.
5	My first time eating here I had the Palo Verde burger that had green chilies, fried shoe string onions, and a chipotle mayo that was one of the best burgers I have had in a while. And I just ate at five guys yesterday. I will definitely be going back with the family.
4	For Buckeye-this place is most definitely a 4 star rating!!  The place is cute-love the name and the reason behind the name.  Went here for lunch with some friends after hearing some good reviews and it was very good.  I had the Reuben sandwich on a pretzel roll, which was small but great.  The homemade chips and seasoned fries were also very good.  I saw some other sandwiches on the menu that I would also like to try.  I also hear that breakfasts are good, so I need to get there and try that as well.
4	Went for breakfast one time and the food was good but cold.  The atmosphere is good and friendly sometimes. It is hit or miss.  We went for lunch and it was much better!  Probably will not try breakfast but their tuna sandwich w/  fries is excellent.  Drink selection is limited so be prepared. Price is good for the portions.
2	The food was so-so.  The staff was friendly, though.
4	Odd name and tasty foodNot sure if the name was an accident on the window order, but this place has the goods when it comes to tasty food.  Stopped by for a work lunch when some folks at Buckeye City Hall recommended it.  Club was excellent and the avocado and spicy sauce (horseradish?) were excellent together.  My colleagues also raved about their meals.  When so many of these cafes taste the same, it's cool to see a novel restaurant in the downtown of a small city doing cool things.  Even the cafe-made chips, which I usually detest, were good.
5	Arlington burger was fantastic. Loved the fresh bun, so good. Wife had the southwest chicken sandwich which was really good. Sweet potato fries were yummy. Really friendly staff.
5	Well, I can honestly say this place is an oasis in the desert!  What a wonderful addition to a cute little town. Being from L.A.,  I was on my way back from Phoenix, and thankfully found this little gem along the way. What a relief after the monotonous southwestern restaurants and rest-stop fast food joints one tends to find in these parts. The coffee was hot and robust, the eggs light and fluffy, and the ingredients in my omelet were fresh and tasty. Also, I found the menu to be well balanced and diverse without being overwhelming, and the fresh fruit side, was indeed  very fresh!  I don't normally find myself traveling this way,  but if I ever do again I would go out of my way to back to Cafe 25 35 in Buckeye!!
5	Fantastic food! Really have to check this place out! Worth the drive!
2	I've eaten lunch here about six times and it was very good  but only tried it today for breakfast. BIG mistake. Took 40 minutes to get food for two of us and I had to go back and ask for our drinks after 20 minutes. Eggs were dry tough and cold. potatoes cold. Toast cold. We paid for 8 items for a veggie omelet and it may have had 3 and little of those. The staff are friendly but Don' t say you were unhappy when asked or you'll get a lecture about how hard everyone works. Won't go again.
2	I went in for lunch with my daughter and was very disappointed, first there was no kids burger on their menu so ok I bought her a burger off of the regular menu. I ordered the Reuben. Our order took like 20 minutes and what's worse is that I kept looking back and saw a plate up under the lights, when I went up to ask how much longer, the cashier got upset and told me there was a big order ahead of me, but then she gave me the plate that had been sitting there the whole time :( my daughters burger was ok my Reuben was super dry, the fries were very good. My overall experience was not what I expected especially for the price.
4	Ehrmagerd! Had lunch there twice now. Food is great, service is friendly! Definitely a welcome sight for sore eyes and hungry stomachs in the chain restaurant infested Buckeye! Will definitely be going back soon!
5	All very good food. You can taste the freshness and you can tell what's homemade. The service was great and the food came out fast. You should check this out for great fresh food and fantastic service.
3	The burgers and fries are amazing, good ingredients, good quality except for the occassional pieces of tiny bone in the meat.  Serving sizes are very large.Prices are high.Drink choices are limited.I do not recommend the greek salad.  It lacked ingredients.  The tomatoes were cut in the weirdest tiny square shapes.  Just a few tiny pieces of each vegetable.  I commented on how strange the salad was to an employee but they didn't offer to exchange it for something else.
4	I happened to stop by while waiting for the print shop next door to open. I had a very nice cheese omelet with potatoes and an ice tea. Food was great, the gentleman cashier was very friendly and welcoming. I'd love to stop back again sometime and try one of their sandwiches. Nice decor, I felt perfectly comfortable dining alone there.
5	Cafe 25:35 is something I would of totally not expected in Buckeye. The setting inside is just so adorable. I love the way the food is served when you get chips or fries. They're mocha's taste almost exactly like Dutch Bro Coffee, which is my favorite but can't enjoy it all the time due to their locations. Something that  I also really like is how instead of using lettuce in many of their dishes they'll use sprouts.
5	Great food and curteous staff! Support local businesses; no thanks Denny's or Starbucks I'll take Cafe 25:35 any day!!!I had their Buckeye a Big Boy breakfast and coffee, honestly I couldn't find anything to complain about. It was very good and more than reasonably priced. My wife and I will become regulars of Cafe 25:35 going forward.
3	Ok, so I was a but surprised when I figured out that the name is from a New Testament passage (Matthew 25:35), but in the-middle-of-nowhere Arizona, a good place to eat is a good place to eat. Well... it isn't the best place: there aren't many meatfree options, lots and lots of burgers or meat sandwiches, I chose from one of the few meatfree salads they had (which the cashier then tried to convince me needed chicken). The balsamic Greek salad had lots of really wilted, old lettuce, only a few kalamata olives, and really bland artichoke hearts. Other than that... the cafe itself is pretty cute, the fans are on a clever pulley system, and the staff is friendly. My guess is that they make better burgers than salads, and if you're stuck far away from Phoenix or Chandler, this is a pretty good bet.
2	I should have had the chicken sandwich like i originally intended. I foolishly ordered a salad and ended up picking out the chicken and beans from it. It was like the toppings were too small for how big they cut the lettuce. The dressing was ok but I just felt kinda sick after having eaten it.  I felt like such a Californian. Health nut.
1	I guess it's true, no good food anywhere in Buckeye. I had high hopes that this would be different. A club sandwich should be just that, three pieces of bread, turkey, ham, bacon etc... but no, this is just a turkey sandwich. No ham and no flavor at all, plus they put sprouts on it and apparently didn't make sure they weren't full of water because it's soggy. The Cheeseburger I ordered for my boyfriend I specifically ordered it to have mayo, mustard and ketchup. She asked me about it twice and I said, yes, I don't like ordering a burger out only to pick it up and find out that they have left it dry with nothing on it. So, I get that home and there is no lettuce, onion, pickle or tomato????  Then they wanted me to pay extra for french fries?? I think the price I paid was enough, especially since it wasn't good. Not going to be going there again.
5	I'm not sure where I heard about this place but I'm glad I did. We went there this morning for breakfast and it was absolutely delicious. The cinnamon rolls were out of this world. The pancakes were the best I've ever had. They were the moist kind, kind of like a crape. The decor was really nice too, it was sort of urban rustic. But the best thing of all was the people in the building very friendly and service was awesome. I loved the fact that they named this restaurant after a Bible verse. I am happy to support them. I would highly recommend you try it.
5	This place is a new favorite for me and my family!! The garlic burger is incredible! The chips are homemade bites of heaven. The sweet potato fries are perfect! Definitely must check this place out if you like a quaint atmosphere and fantastic cuisine!!
5	My sister and I stopped in for lunch and are so happy we did! We shared a Palo Verde burger and ultimate grilled cheese sandwich. Both were amazing! Fresh and unique flavones, and the cafe chips are great!! Clean and nice cafe with very friendly staff.  We will be returning!
5	We came to buy Bison meet in Buckeye and found the Best burger we had in a while! Very nice people run the place, tasty food, and absolutely a great burger!
5	This is gourmet food. Made fresh with the best ingredients. Love their coffee and they have the best cupcakes I have ever had hands down! The strawberry one is my favorite.
3	The food is good, but I don't like the religious references in the name or in the decor. I am not a religious person and do not believe in god. I am not keen on being surrounded by Bible quotes when I'm eating lunch. The hipster decor belies the religious backstory, and perhaps that's intentional. I will probably not visit again for this reason. That is my personal choice based upon my beliefs, just as it is the owner's personal choice and right to establish a business based upon his or her religious beliefs. After the recent Hobby Lobby decision by the Supreme Court, I will not frequent any businesses that are owned by religious interests.
2	I was hoping to find a nice alternative to the limited choices on MC85. I was disappointed. The sandwich was bland. Definitely not worth the price. I was given homemade potato chips which damn near broke my teeth because they were so hard. It's the same food as Millstone Cafe but without any flavor. If I'm going to pay that much for a sandwich, I expect it to taste better than average. :(
5	Incredible. Clean, friendly, great food. Great find while driving to Phoenix!! Worth the four miles off highway 10. Definitely will visit again!
5	The best cup of coffee and cinnamon roll ever!  The cinnamon rolls are homemade, gooey and sweet, but still yeasty.  My husband loves the southwestern style omelette with homemade salsa and I love the french toast.  For lunch try the palo verde burger and the homemade kettle chips.  The burger is juicy without being too greasey and the chips are crunchy with a seasoning that is addicting.  This is real cooked to order food, not microwaved, it isn't instant but it is quick and the staff is always very friendly!
5	Went to HCafe 25:35 the 3rd time, and as always, had a good experience. There was a bit extensive waiting time though of more than 30 minutes. Fajitas were great, Chicken avocado salad and Burger were up to the standards, steak though did not meat the expectations at all :-( friendly service and great atmosphere, as always!
5	Excellent place for breakfast! The atmosphere is great and the attention to detail is amazing. They won't serve you food unless it looks exactly how they intended it to look. They only thing I'd like is for them to me open later. But over all service is really good and it feels right when you're there. A+++
4	They have a good grilled buffalo chicken sandwich. I like you you can choose if you want a side of fries or fruit instead of the house chips. They did serve me Nasty talking soggy French fries that were not even warm.however the burger is pretty nasty I'm not a fan of frozen patties.
4	We arrived about 15 minutes before our scheduled reservation so were seated at the bar. We had a to die for cocktail which we were able to finish at our table when it was ready. The chef's tatsing menu is a must - beautifully presented food with expert descriptions of each course given by the server. The sommelier was one of the most knowledgeable we've come across, and expertly suggested the perfect wine for our meal.Definitely a must visit.
