4	Ever since we went to the outlet store in Milpitas, I've been anticipating the new stores opening here (saw the "coming soon" stores sign at the Fashion Show mall a few weeks ago). I didn't know about this store until we went to the other one at the Meadows Mall yesterday. I like this set up compared to the Meadows location, though. Before this store came along, this was one of those "white elephants"; not lasting very long as any one store. Hopefully, this does well here, in the busier side of the mall. This brand marries both classic and trendy styles together, for a fashionable look, appealing to women or men in their 20's and 30's. But you also might see teens and 40-somethings in here too. I would descibe it as the go-to for basics in cotton fabric. The setup is clothing from top to bottom of the store space, but it doesn't feel claustrophobic, though. The prices are pretty good for people on a tight budget. There are open cardigans (lightweight) for $10- a steal, and in black, navy, grey, white, and striped. The lowest priced rack was 2/$15.  I spotted a short sleeved cardigan at $44.95- making me want to break my rule for paying full price for clothing (maybe next paycheck?). There was one lady working on the floor- she greeted us. The fitting rooms are in back with mirrors on the doors (great idea!), to the right. I tried on the sweater and walked up to the mirrored door to check on the fit (it looked cute). Hope this brand is here to stay and puts an end to the "white elephant" curse.
4	This cotton on is more of a clearance store location so most of the clothes are 5+. Sometimes cotton on clothing is a little pricier like $40 for a cardigan, so I like to come to this location for cheaper clothes. The nice part about this is that they label their racks like "nothing more than $5," however their labeling gets confusing. On a rack they'll put "$5" but only on one side so the other side could cost $30. It got my hopes up a little because I would see they're expensive clothes, then see the price tag. Guess you just can't get everything huh?
