4	Went to a party here on Halloween. Theater is midsize. Has a bar and a small stage. Party I went to had a DJ. Sound system is good. It's hard to judge the place because it really depends on the event but we had a great time :) So glad someone offers 18+ fun out in Vegas :)
3	Came here to watch a matinee showing of Popovich Comedy Pet Theater. It's not one of those fancy schmancy theaters so don't even expect it to be. The line forms outside by the small fountains before the show and if you're not super early, the line will form around the fountain area. We were lucky to be right by the fountain so we got to sit around the fountain. Thank goodness for that since the wait was like around 30-40 mins.Once inside, it's rather small. The VIP section has gals walking around taking drink orders. Us lowly people got zilch. There is a bar area but it was in the afternoon so we didn't see any people huddled around it but those seated with waitress service definitely were ordering some cocktails.There are several events at this theater including adult rated ones. Inside the Miracle Mile. 3.5 stars
2	The reason I gave this theater 2 stars is because I find the seating to be extremely uncomfortable. The seats are too close together. and there are pillars that may obstruct view depending on where you are sitting. Other than that, I love the shows here, seen a lot of them. Their upstairs theater is the same, crowded seating, but not really any obstructions.
1	you remember back in high school -- in the gym -- and under the bleachers -- that weird, cramped feeling -- with weird, oblong pillars abound -- well -- that describes this "Theater".  But alas, this is no theater.  What it is, I haven't figured out.  I do know to tell you to not go here...and to go ANYWHERE but here.  The seating is chairs like in a high school graduation ceremony...all lined up.  And the prices are extremely high for what you get.  The staff is inept.  And when the outside waiting area with the fountain is the best part...you know its not good.  The Aladdin, errrrr, Planet Hollywood should raze this -- and put in another over-priced gift shop or something.
3	This theater is extremely small for Vegas production shows.  We came here to see American Storm and the stadium seating prevented many of us from "interacting" with the performers.  Maybe that's not the theater's fault but the choice of venue for this particular show.The seats were comfy though.  But the seating area was definitely set up poorly.  There is one main area where the seats directly face the stage.  There is one other area where you can see the stage from the right side.  The left side seating of the theater is missing! How odd. They have columns next to the seats which can obstruct your view depending on the seat you have.  The walls are all black so its difficult to know where you are going if you don't watch your step.
3	I've been here for numerous shows over the years and I have seen the venue change--somewhat for the better as improvements have been made.  The stadium seating makes it easier to see some shows such as Popovich's Comedy Pet Theatre.  The posts that are necessary to support the upstairs rooms and probably can't be removed.  I would give this venue 4 stars, but I simply can't because of the seating which always runs late.The staff always tells you the theatre will open 1/2 hour before shows.  The first show currently starts at 2:30 PM.  The 2 PM opening time turned into 2:20.  You stand and wait in line at 2:10 being optimistic, and then you stand there for another 10 minutes.  Yes, this was a general admission show but the theatre was less than half full, so there was no need to be in line just to get the best seats--they were all good.This venue has a number of shows to appeal to a variety of audiences.  I admire the staff for their ability to get people seated quickly--albeit on their own time schedule.  Later shows start seating after the prior show so they have less control over that.I will be going back to this theatre for shows in the future.  It is a good venue!
3	It's a small and cozy theater. The front row is close enough to smell the hosts farts. We came here for the Sin City Comedy show which was very funny and Dorimar was entertaining and classy between the acts. I give the theater a 2 the show a 4.
4	This is one of the hidden treasures in As Vegas! There are several great shows here including: V The Ultimate Variety, Sin City Comedy and a cool beatles tribute show. The pricing is always fair and the seats are good no matter where you sit. If you go into some of the stores in the Mall before buying your tickets you can often get discount coupons...
4	Ultimate Variety Show was great!! Wally Eastwood was hilarious and the rest of the performers were amazing. The whole fam enjoyed this show, even though there was a moment or two where things got a little PG-13 lol. Definitely glad we were able to see this funny & very entertaining event. Oh yeah & if you get bored waiting in line there's a HUGE stripper statue at the Stripper Bar next door, so take some fun pictures ;)
2	Great show, horribly run theater. We bought tickets in advance, thinking we would save time. Not so. We waited in one line for 25 min to get our tickets and then they told us to get in line a minimum of 45 min before the show started to get in. I thought this was odd since we already had our tickets. It was because they make everyone line up in one line so they can take your picture in front of a green screen so they can try to sell you some campy photo on the way out. This added an HOUR to our wait. After that line you get in the actual line to get in the theater... And wait there for 40 minutes.Just a horribly run theater with inept staff. They started late, corralled you in like cattle and told you where to sit in a "first come first served" ticketing scheme, we were all sent to the back of the the room even though we were at the front of the line. They were still trying to find seats for people after the show started and it was very distracting. They seated people in the isles in stack chairs and folding chairs.The "Ultimate Variety Show" was great and well worth the ticket price!The V Theater was a frustrating experience that nearly ruined a great show. Several people including us almost left because of the wait.Management of the V Theater: DON'T BE GREEDY! People don't need to spend an additional 45 minutes in line just so you could take their picture and try to sell it them later. Have some respect for your patrons' time and for the theater experience itself. Shame on you.
5	Thumbs up to Wally Eastwood piano playing
3	$8 sodas. I'm still in shock. I was at the V Theater last night for a show. The way seating was, we had purchased "better than" VIP seats..... so when the waitress came around offering drinks, I figured they would be included. Again, I ordered a SODA, not a beer or a cocktail. I saw the same girl handing out drinks all over the theater, and when she didn't come back to give me my simple order and the show had begun, I just figured I wasn't getting it. That would have been fine, but unfortunately, the girls continue to hand out drinks while the show is running! I was mortified. That is sooo rude and soooo distracting! I would have never ordered anything if I thought they would do that. She then proceeds to hand me my gallon jug of soda (I was expecting a little plastic cup like they give you on the casino floor) and tells me "That will be $8.00" Luckily, the show was running. I personally appreciated the intimate theater setting. The outside of the theater is kind of filthy and the next door-not quite a bar/not quite a strip club- isn't doing them any favors. For the show I saw, I had to be seated where I was and the angle was a little awkward. The box office gave us no issue whatsoever- a very easy process. All in all, I probably would return...I just know for next time to bring my own beverage!
3	I have been here a few times and have not had any issues. The staff are also friendly and helpful- some that walk around offer free tickets to certain shows. It's a small theater but that's fine; every seat is a good seat except towards the back of general- there is a post that can hinder viewing of the edge of the stage. Bring your own beverage as drinks here are pricey. A $6 drink becomes $8 as soon as you walk through the door because of the LET.
2	The box office is a bit disorganized, with the show starting at 530 and the box office barely opening at 5. This does not give people enough time to get their tickets and see the show.  Plus you get in late, you also don't get your drink order in.
3	This show is basically the Tim McGraw guy selling CDs for his new album. We saw a Tim McGraw who was pretty good he was off on a song or two but not bad. We saw Wynonna who was OK too. We also saw a Shania Twain whos was a little sluttier then I remember her being. Then we had a Brooks and Dunn act Ronnie Dunn had a great voice and did a really good job. The Brooks character did a good job of dancing around and acting a fool like Kix does but when he sang we were like WTH? he was WAY off..  At the end the Tim guy came back out and sung some of his OWN songs and tell us that his CD is for sale..  Was dissapointed that there was NO Willie like the brochure shows but it was a decent show all around... The drinks were expensive but stiff!!
5	Got a $15 discount ticket for the 4pm showing of Gaga, Elvis and MJ.  A great show for the money.  Even the $30 would have been worth it.  The MJ impersonator even looked like MJ.  He looked that real.
3	Saw Hitsville there last night.  The  performers were great and it was a very good value for the money but the process of getting in to the show is annoying.  After you get your tickets you are directed to a waiting area.  After waiting for a considerable time either standing or sitting on a hard surface you are forced to pose for a photo they want to sell you later on, and then you are sent to another line (standing) for another long wait.  They don't let you into the theater to sit in comfort until just before the show begins.
4	Came here to see the Marc Savard comedy hypnosis show and it was fantastic! Heard about how small this venue was so I wasn't expecting anything amazing. Boy, was I wrong! It was really intimate and the sound system was perfect.The only negative about this venue is that there are no cup holders :( C'mon guys, it's VEGAS! Everyone's going to have a drink!Staff is helpful and friendly. They will acutally walk you to your seats :)
1	I was here on June 22nd.Part 1: Before the show.The lines were completely unorganized and what little signage they had was useless. We had VIP tickets and got in the VIP line, only to be told since we did will call that we had to go back and get in the general admission line to get our tickets. That line split into two lines with no signs and once we got through that line the person at the ticket counter said she could only handle tickets for another show, so we had to get back in line again. We finally got our tickets and were directed up some stairs to the left. There was a sign saying V Theater with an arrow that we thought directed us to where our show was, but it was just to the bar. We couldn't figure out where to go so we sat down at the bar and ordered a drink. I had just seen someone get a drink in a small plastic throw away cup, so this is what I was expecting. Instead we all get giant blue commemorative cups and the bar tender says they contain "double shots." I saw what she poured and it was in no way a double shot. Basically I got a super tall glass of cranberry juice. The price for the 3 drinks ordered? $50 because of the commemorative cups that she didn't even give us a choice about getting. We hear our show called for us to line up and I discover that the sign with the arrow has been flipped so the arrow was now pointing the other way. Clever trick V Theater - get us so frustrated with your lines and signs that we need a drink and then force overpriced commemorative cups on us that contain pathetic drinks.Part 2: The show.We say the 80's show. It was cute and the actors did a good job. Our VIP seating was a waste of money. Since the side theater is so small we were sitting in the front row, but being in the back wouldn't have made a difference. Additionally, the side theater has barely padded folding chairs. By the end of the show my butt was so sore I was fidgeting in my seat waiting to stand because it was better than sitting any longer.
3	Came here to see the Popovich Comedy Pet Show. Be sure that if you purchase tickets on GroupOn or Living Social that you call the box office and get an order #. This way you can go to the VIP/Will-Call line. If you dont, it will take forever to get your tickets.
1	It sucked. Been to this 3 other times but this one sucked. The singers were awful plus there were tons of open seats, they stuck us in a corner and when we asked to be moved they told us they would after the show started. Nope moved other people NOT US...THE STAFF THERE SUCKS TOO
5	We saw Tribute Royalty last night and really enjoyed the show. The impressionsts performed as Elvis Presley, Lady Gaga, and Michael Jackson and was a lot more fun than I had expected
3	Came to see Marc Savard this past Thursday at the V Theater... and while the show was good, the theater wasn't really impressive.Why not? Well, because it seemed as if there was no real sense of organization. There were 3 lines, and none really marked with anything... but once we were all ready to go in, they just merged 2 massive lines into 1 and of course, it just got everybody jammed up with each other. And while I understand that non-reclining seats can get you more rows, the seats felt super upright and uncomfortable! On top of everything else, the whole theater smelled funky... could've probably been a mixture of heat, drinks, and smoke though. Overall... not the best, not the worst.
1	The horror stories of lines and disorganization are all true.Bought tickets for the Pet Circus show weeks before and was instructed to pick up the tickets at the Box Office.  Walking through the huge mall and coming across the Box Office we came upon a line of ~20 people with ONE girl working the desk!!!  After a good 15 minutes a second girl returns from lunch and it was a cluster f***.  Total time to pick up will call tickets was minimum 30 minutes.At the V Theater the stories of lines being poorly marked and lack of guidance also are very true.My advice if you are planning on attending a show at PH is to arrive many hours early.  Maybe it is all a big scam to get you to have some drinks at Blondies across from the theater.  Beware
1	Sound system music was too loud to hear Popovich. Show was not worth the Groupon discounted rate! Sorry, people shouldn't waste their time with this one!I really didn't like the Pre-check in fleecing, trying to sell upgrades for seating, alchobol and discounted coupons for another show. They just use up your time and ruin a casual wait before a show! I'd rather spend that time with my wife!
1	Good shows, but don't give them your email or phone number! I repeat DON'T give them your phone number. I was dumb enough to make that mistake and now I am constantly being spammed by texts. :-(
2	This is more like a large space behind a theater facade in a mall (it is) with some really cheesy old theater seats and a few overpriced tables for VIP suckers. These people NEVER stop upselling regardless of whether it is VIP seating, a quicker line, a better seat or table, or of course drinks, dvds, pictures, and self help tapes yet by the Hypnotist (he's pretty good). ONE for tickets sales/theater, FOUR for the shows rounded DOWN.Don't fall for ANY of the upgrades unless you are trying to impress those who don't know how small the theater is to begin with as you pretty much wind up in the same lines half the time. IF however you are coming in at a peak time on a Friday or Saturday the VIP line MIGHT cut your wait down and get you to a bar faster, otherwise No bad seats. Call EARLY, like days before, if you are coming in on a general admin groupon (best deal) or yelp (next best deal) and be ready for the CONSTANT upselling for VIP seating and lines etc. Just say no. You will save a bundle. Groupon about $17 a person, Yelp $20. Jennifer was the best on the phoneduring the day. Do NOT give them your real email unless you want to be spammed forever. I actually gave them 666 666 6666 for my phone number just so you know the level of the talent here, no problem.If you order drinks, pay cash unless you want to give your credit card to a pretty waitress in Vegas who will disappear with it for 10 minutes (she has always wanted an i-phone;) Bottled beer here at least tastes like bottled beer, so lower your expectations; everything else is just twice as expensive as you were expecting and nasty.It's in the Miracle Mile mall which is HUGE, look at the marquis maps or risk wandering for days. LOTS of places to eat, check the yelp reviews. The Ultimate Variety show is supposed to be good and the Hypnotist IS good with a combo of cheesy to x-rated bits particularly at the end; we liked it but we are twisted. If you have ever wanted to be hypnotized on one of these shows, go for it, there were something like 30 seats up there and he kept 14. Ladies don't wear a dress unless you want to risk flashing your V...(they actually provide gym shorts if you ARE wearing a dress ;~)Have fun.
4	For the price, very reasonable... I laughed, I was entertained and I had fun!!! xxx
5	Best show I've seen in Vegas (Elton, Cirque, Penn & Teller, etc)!!!  If you enjoy the Evil Dead series, and you can handle the crude humor, this show is worth every penny you pay...and then some. If you want the full effect, sit in the Splatter Zone, but wear clothes you don't mind getting messed up...YOU WILL GET BLOODY!!!
5	Hilarious! My stomach hurt from laughing so much! Must see!
1	Came to see Marc Savard's Comedy Hypnosis show... SAVE YOUR MONEY AND TIME... This show had more cringe worthy moments than I care to remember. From the cheesy BS audience members who were SUPPOSEDLY hypnotized to the grand finale wherein one of the hypnotized guest prematurely orgasm-ed every time she shook someones hand.. They need to take the word comedy out of the descriptive for this show... It's an over rated hypnotist, convincing audience members who are way too eager for their 15 minutes of fame and way too desperate for attention acting like fools ( and I do mean ACTING-BAD ACTING) on stage  at the cost of all of us unsuspecting paying customers expecting to see a real show. If I wanted to see a bunch of wannabees hamming it up, I would have gone to Venice Beach for free. Bottom line this was the lamest spectacle I have ever seen, I would have been better off playing the Sex in the City Penny Slot Machines, more entertaining and less BS.
1	We paid extra to buy the "VIP" tickets for the Popovich Comedy Pet Theater for our son's 3rd birthday.  The gentleman from the box office who placed our ticket order assured us that we only needed to arrive 15 minutes early since they had a special line for VIP ticket holders.  We thought that it was worth the extra cost since we were taking our two small children to the show.  When we arrived, we ended up having to wait in the will call line for over 30 minutes just to pick up tickets even though we had paid for them in advance and had the email receipt with confirmation code.  The employees working in the line and at the box office were extremely rude to us when I asked if there was a separate VIP line as promised or if they could accept the electronic tickets (as many theaters do.)  I then called the box office to see if we could get a refund or exchange our tickets for another date, but they refused.  The gentleman from the box office promised me that they would start pulling people out of the line soon who were there to pick up tickets for the current show so that no one would miss the performance.  It never happened.   Luckily, we arrived early enough that we were able to make it to our seats about 30 seconds before the show started.  My kids enjoyed the Popovich Comedy Pet Theater, although the show ran about 20 minutes too long for most of the little ones in the audience.  The theater also has a bad smell to it for some reason, perhaps because the stage appears to be old and poorly maintained. Although I am glad that my kids enjoyed the show, we will never see another show at the V Theater again.  Great customer service is the rule in Vegas, but this theater provides the exception.   No one should have to deal with rude, dishonest employees at a Las Vegas theater.
1	This theater is a scam.  They are very unhelpful and hide behind their policies.  Customer service rating of -5 stars.  Beware of purchasing tickets from them cause they won't refund you, even if they screw up, it's still on you!  Unreal!
2	The low rating is for the actual theater, not the show. We saw the Variety Show and it was fantastic, that would get 5 stars. Ok...onto the theater...I had family visiting from out of town and wanted to go see a show. I purchased 4VIP tickets. We all decided to grab some dinner before the show at Planet Hollywood, since you know...that's where the show is. We were running slightly late so two of the people in our party got the table and myself and the other went to go pick up our tickets from will call. Word of caution: don't rely on signs or any staff to help you find the theater. We ended up walking for about 25 min looking for this place. We talked to 3 different people and they all gave us horrible directions. We finally got our tickets and the man told us to come back a half hour before the show started to be seated. So we rushed back to the restaurant and hurried through dinner since we now had another 30 minutes shaved off our time. We rushed back to the theater only to see mobs of people and no clear lines. We asked one of the girls where the VIP line was and she said they didn't have one, but to just hang out til the lines were shorter. Since we paid for VIP we were guaranteed a seat. The entire time we were there that was honestly the only perk I experienced. Wish the man at the ticket counter had told us this. We had already cut dinner short and now we were just standing around. Finally about 5 min til show time we get in line (or large group of people wandering towards the entrance) we were being cut off by people who didn't know where they were going either and the girls who were supposed to be directing people were standing around talking. We made it in and we're put into seats in the front but WAY off to the side with obstructed views that really messed with the experience. Supposedly we were supposed to get drinks...saw a woman serving the middle section and she never even looked our way. The seats were uncomfortable and no one, not even the ticket guy explained anything. It felt like no one knew what the hell they were doing. Overall good show but it's a shame it's in such a horribly run place.
4	My review is more about the show I saw rather than the actual theatre. I would recommend getting to your show early unless you have VIP. The way the theatre is chapped you might not have a great view. We saw The Mentslist.  It was a great show! I still can't figure out how he did most of the act. I guess that's my loss for not buying the DVD. In the crowd we had a bit of a jerk who attempted to half-add participate in the show. He really just seemed to be sheen towards the mentalist, and boy did he let him have a piece of his mind. We all cheered!The show was great, we had VIP and sat in the second row. I would go again to see The Mentalist, and mote shows. This was just one theatre located upstairs and to the left if you're standing in front of the place.
3	Very cozy theater.  Came here to see the Popvich Comedy Pet show.  Come early if you have open seat tickets  It's first come first serve.The show was entertaining.  Love the dogs, cats and birds. Purchased tickets on Groupon. It was a good value for the price.
2	Fairly decent theater at Planet Hollywood- from the parking garage, go up to the Miracle Mile shops and it's across from Blondie's.Considering they have several productions playing and multiple theaters, there were very few cashiers available. Even having prepurchased our tickets and arrived an hour before showtime, we stood in line for nearly fifteen minutes. Could not for the life of me figure out what the hold up was.Guess they're used to going slow, because the line is set up to wind around quite a bit through the taped-off area.  In any case, when we finally got to the front of the line, cashier was still fairly slow to locate our tickets- perhaps they need to upgrade their computers? We were asked a series of three questions asking about upgrades to our tickets (VIP, dinner, drinks)- I understand the concept of upselling, but having it embedded into the screen as a process for checkout rather than simply requiring cashiers to verbally ask seemed overly impersonal and rubbed me the wrong way.Side note about VIP seating upgrade: it's $10 per ticket and you're all essentially in the same area, VIP seating is simply directly in front of the stage. For the shows I've been to, the performer(s) are moving around enough to where sitting directly in front is not necessary. Cost to upgrade is not worth it to me, but use your own discretion.
4	Good drink specials for a theater, lovely drink service, and an intimate theater experience. Our seats were upgraded at no charge and we sat right beside the stage- it was incredible! We saw the V Variety Show and it did not disappoint. It's a relatively low cost show with great hosts and performers that include talent, comedy, impressions, magic, acrobatics, and audience participation.
1	So what a sham I went to this Show last nlght. At the box office I was told that the budget seats where sold out and would have to upgrade my tickets with a substanchial extra cost to me if I wanted to see the show. So I did. When I got in the theater the seating I requested originally had not a soul sitting in them. I felt lied to. I approached the manager and questioned what was going on after I had the bar tender dump a drink all over me by accident with no apology.rude .so I had to go dry off. As I talked to the manager and asked him to look for himself at all the available sections that they told me was sold out he refused to look or explain . He said tickets not refundable and shut us out of the main entrance. I have front row tickets I purchased for tonight and probably won't use because the theater is no way nice to the public. A SCAM.
4	Zombie burlesque was a SUPER fun show! The layout of the theatre was great. there's a bar outside while you're waiting for the show to start. Overall, great show and great location.
1	Wish I had checked yelp before I bought my tickets.  Scam to get you into line after line of sales spins for a final sad little show.  Total waste of vacation time.  Stay away.  I will not be back.
5	We just seen the ultimate variety show here a few days ago, totally worth the price of admission! The acts were very good, very entertaining. They could be a bit more organized however when lining everyone up to get in. Do yourself a favor and pay the little extra for VIP seating, totally worth it. I'd definitely recommend this place, the performers were all very talented
2	Decent theater. Was in line to pick up tickets and they tell us to go to another line, and both lines were LONG making us wait more as we moved to the other one! For some reason all booths are open helping customers but they're really slow! Were picking up tickets and they still asked for name address phone number email and then they ask you if you wanna buy a dinner or another show on the screen in front of you and it takes forever.
1	We were here to see Zombie Burlesque. Our ticket vouchers said to be there at least an hour early to wait in line for tickets. We got there more like 2 hours before to really make sure we had time. It turns out they were already sold out for the show we wanted, so we decided to see a different one. After an hour in line, we were finally next to be waited on... or so we thought. The line next to us was the reservations line and THE ONLY LINE BEING HELPED! There are five cashiers and two lines, and that's the only line moving? The only reason we were next in line was because the two groups of people in front of us got so frustrated that they complained and basically had to cut in front of the reservations line. So after another 15-20 minutes of waiting with no service, the two people directly behind us got pulled up and put in one of the cashiers' lines to be next. We left after seeing that. Seriously V Theater?! You guys do the same routine 6 days a week, and you still don't have the hang of it?! Get it together!
1	Worst customer service in all of Las Vegas!  Waited in line for 45 minutes when only 4 people were in front of us.  Chatty Kathy, Manny, was so slow.  We complained multiple times in line to the lady with the clipboard before she finally got a manager to put another agent up front.  They must have had to recruit, hire, and train that rep because she took 20 minutes to get to the desk (of course right after we finally got our pre purchased tickets from will call).  Could not figure out for the life of me why the process took as long as it did!  Highly recommend the show, Zombie Burlesque, but recommend more training or new management at the V Theater.
3	The organization of entering the theater is like a Chinese fire drill, no one seems to know what is going on.  When we entered they let s sit in a bar/lounge area to wait to be called for the show.  The lounge was nice with comfortable sofas and chairs but you couldn't hear them call you for the show.  We almost missed out time to enter the theater because no one announced it was time to enter. The theater was very nice with all seats close to the stage and the comedy show was average.  We had tickets for $15.00 per person so it was a good deal, but if I had paid the listed price of $55.00 I would be seriously unhappy.
5	Came here to see Zombie Burlesque and had a blast!! There is 3 theaters at the place, which was surprising because it doesn't seem that big. The theater i was in was a old speakeasy feel which went great with the show, the bartender on the second level bar was really cool and really hooked us up. It's always nice to meet good genuine people
2	Rude staff and tiny theaters. I wasn't happy with my service if the theater wasn't so tiny I wouldn't of had to pay 20 extra dollars per person to get into the show that I had Already purchased. The only reason why I have given this place two stars instead of one is because I went and saw the zombie burlesque which is hands-down one of the funniest shows I've seen in a long time. Did I mention the v theater staff sucks?
4	V Theater  is intimate and cozy. There is not a bad seat in the house.  I saw Hitzville  there and it was non stop fun. HItzville takes you on a journey through Motown with your glamorous hostess, Jin Jin. She's got quite the voice and she makes the show so much fun! Her Tina Turner will make you stand up and sing along!  If you like the songs of   Marvin Gaye, The Temptations and Four Tops, you will love this show. It's a hand clapping- out of your seat, toes tapping good time. You will not want to miss a moment.. The costumes are beautiful for the ladies, and the gentlemen wear the suits from that era and it makes you feel like you are able to be in that time period, without all the time traveling jet lag.      This show is perfect for all ages no matter what generation you grew up in.  I took my parents and they had a great time.   I saw little kids having fun too. This is  good family entertainment.  The show is very interactive, and  if you are having a really good time, you might get pulled up on stage for a little serenade.  I have seen HItzville twice and I love it!  V Theater at Planet Hollywood also provides refreshments.  At  the end of the show, you get a chance to meet and greet the casts of the show. You will also get to purchase  photos with the cast and merchandise as well.   HItzville is definitely a big HIT!
5	Just saw Hitsville today. What an amazing show! Top rate musicians, singers, an incredible stage and lighting, and the sound was perfect. Not a bad seat in the house. This is truly an amazing show, and at full price it's very reasonable, but my bf and I found a Groupon and so we saved a ton of money.Now for the bad... You get your tickets and you're told doors open at 5 for the 5:30 show. So we got there at 4:30 and got in line. Mind you, everyone has been out in the heat, walking all day, tired, and not expecting to wait longer than 30 mins on their feet. These people didn't open their doors until 5:25, 5 mins before show time! Needless to say, our feet were killing us and we were very annoyed when the show started. Thank goodness the opening number was so good we quickly forgot about it. V Theater, don't do that to your Audience, please!
2	The theater is small and the sound was fine but the seating is very tight. It is ridiculously difficult to get down the aisle to go to the bathroom if need be. The theater staff was pleasant and friendly. Be sure to empty your bladder before you go in!
4	Went to go see the Mark Savard Hypnotist show and luckily I had time to spare. I had gone the day before to secure my ticket and found that they were already sold out, but luckily I was able to secure my ticket for the next night's show. I still got there an hour early just in case something happened and had no problem. I had a great time, the venue has no bad seats in them and just be prepared to be on the edge of your seat laughing the whole night long!!!
5	This theatre is in the Planet Hollywood Hotel.  Saw Hittsville here last Friday afternoon and it was a great show.  It's very affordable especially when you use a coupon found in one of those vegas coupon books.  It's a fun and wild show featuring impersonators of the Motown legends.
1	I got a deal through Living Social. $21 for two tickets to the Las Vegas Live Comedy Show. I went on  Monday night, and when I went to validate my voucher I was interrogated by the ticket counter people as to why I hadn't made a reservation. No where on the voucher did it say a reservation was required, and there wasn't.  So that sucked. There were two comedians and the room was full. Probably with alot of tourists is my guess. After you get your tickets you are required to stand in line for about 45 minutes to get seated, the only positive was there are no bad seats in this venue. ....It was OK for $20. But to pay reg price of $55 for not that funny comedians, and get attitude at the counter, No thanks. As locals we know there are plenty of other good deals and funnier comedians in town.
4	This review applies to the venue, not the shows, but for the record the show:Living Dead Musical 4D was absolute rubbish, as in God awful crap!  Thank goodness it was free or I'd really be super pissed.I've watched a few shows here through the years and have enjoyed the theatre.  The experience has been mostly positive, from getting the tix at the box office to the comfort of the seats.  I will continue coming here I'm sure...
5	I love zombies, burlesque, and musicals separately so I wasn't sure what it would be like when they were all combined. I took the advice from yelpers about purchasing discounted tickets at a kiosk just outside the casino for $35 each.My sister and I arrived 30 minutes prior to showtime. We were greeted by a photographer (photos can be purchased for $10 after the show) and then continued to the bar. As soon as we sat down in the lounge, a friendly sever took our drink order. The theater itself is fairly small but has elevated seating so you can see the stage clearly whenever you sit. (Actors come out to the audience every so often during the show. Sit near the right aisle!) Start to finish, the Zombie Burlesque Musical was highly entertaining. All the performers sing live and there's also a band. The host is hilarious and is quick with reacting with the audience.The dancers are incredibly talented. You will see pole dancing, an aerial silk routine, traditional burlesque, and a pop -n- lock segment that blew my mind. If you have the time, you should definitely see the show!
5	A nice venue with several small theaters that supply a variety of very entertaining shows. The bars make good drinks that aren't watered down and they aren't over priced.
5	Definitely the best bargain on the strip.  The V theater is located all the way in the back of the Miles mall shop which can be annoying or convenient depending on if you are shopping or not.  It's really nice seeing a decent show without paying around $100 in vegas.  I saw two show at the V theater the mentalist and the variety show. The mentalist is fascinating and you will spend the whole show trying to figure out how he predicts the outcomes.  He mixes his predictions with a bit of humor and it makes for an incredible show. The variety show was incredible because of the crazy talents you see. ( One in particular the contortionist had me wrestling with wanting to see and not wanting to see the whole time.) Always be on the lookout for discount for the theater! They will have something whether it be a groupon or kiosk. Some people even got free tickets by going to a lecture that tried to sell them condos. :D if you have the time then you can get free tickets!
1	This theater is rundown and smells awful. The seats are crammed together. They have added additional rows of seats by the stage by setting up conference room chairs. I feel sorry for the poor people who spent money to sit in those chairs.To get in to see the show: You stand in line to show your ticket then are pushed into getting a photo whether you want one or not. Then you either stand in line (general admission) or are directed to a bar (VIP is defined as soak you for more money) whether you want a drink or not. After waiting in the bar you get back in line to go inside and have your ticket checked again. At this point I understand why they don't give refunds. This place sucks.
2	My review is for the theater itself not for the show; we saw the animal variety show which was pretty good. The theater is horrible; the box office will rope you in with discounts then add a box office fee to bring the price back up to full price. The ingress and egress is horrible and borderline a fire life safety concern. The theater has a hand full of pillars ruining the view from probably 20% off the seats, then the angle of the stage kills it for about another 20%. People next to us ordered a drink before the show started and got it about 30 minutes later. Will not be going back... I'm fairly against 1 star reviews but this place really tested my stance on that...Also it looks like they are trying to scam yelpers by creating a 2nd business to get there 3 star rating shadowed... not cool...
1	I would give it zero stars if I could. If you have general admission tickets don't bother getting here early or waiting in line. Doesn't matter if you wait an hour on the hard concrete floor outside you will still be ushered like cattle and forced into a middle seat. The rows are so packed you will feel like you're on a compact airplane. And don't even think about getting a drink. Two waitresses for the entire theatre and they only let you in 10 mins before showtime. Couldn't be a more poorly managed theatre if they tried.
5	Excellent time!We had a minor mix up on what was included when we bought everything through them but when you have $500 worth of shows and food on 1 credit card I guess there is a bit of leverage ;)The manager on site (I believe her name is Sophie) was extremely professional and helpful. I will definitely be back. We got to watch zombie burlesque, the ultimate variety show, and eat at pampas. One of the best and most memorable Vegas trips.
5	My boyfriend and I saw the Zombie Burlesque musical. It was really well done and funny. The VIP is not worth it you get let in like 2 minutes earlier so I do not recommend that. The dinner package was worth it though we ate at a lovely Italian place across from the theater and the food was well worth the price and the service was good. If you are looking for an adorable date night I definitely recommend this show and the packages that they offer.
3	3.5 stars It's a small theater but comfortable enough. I actually like when shows are held in an intimate setting like this because it makes most any seat a good seat.The box office is a bit shady. They'll offer you 50% off tickets for subsequent shows in advance, but there's always cheap or free ways to get these shows anyway. Many of them seem to appear on Groupon often. When we did a timeshare, we got free show tickets to a number of the Planet Hollywood shows (with a $5 convenience charge per ticket, but that's still less than you'd pay at the box office). Also, the shows often appear on Fill a Seat (a paid membership for free tickets to shows - usually the membership pays for itself after you've attended 2 or so shows).I also dislike that they force you into a lounge before the show starts. You're not required to buy any drinks but, if you're like most people waiting for the show, they're there so you're going to indulge in overpriced libations in a cheap looking bar. Make sure you get a good buy somehow but don't spend too much hard-earned cash on a show here.
