4	My go to sushi place whenever I'm in Montreal. Not the cheapest sushi in town, but definitely some of the best. The Kamikaze rolls are out of this world and practically the size of hockey pucks compared to the standard size sushi rolls everywhere else. Their Sashimi is also really fresh, and service is very friendly. They have super quick take out as well.
3	This restaurant was chosen because my dining companion loves sushi. He rated it as 4 stars, i am rating as 3 stars because i was annoyed with how slow the service was... given the restaurant was not that busy.  There were private rooms, with screens and also a sushi bar area. It looks like this restaurant could seat a large number of people.  We ordered the sushi "love boat", appropriately themed specials for Valentine's Day.  This special came with a variety of sushi and tempura as well as lychee cocktails. The sushi seemed fresh and was presented in a lively manner.  Nagiri was also flavorful. We had green tea ice cream for dessert. For me the real star of the show was the lychee cocktail and the lychee saki. yum!
3	I was first introduced this restaurant back during my Undergrad years and while I was taking a Japanese class as a credit filler. This is apparently the only restaurant (though there are more - check out Aka-Fuji in Verdun or Kazu in DT) where the owners are Japanese. The clientele are generally Japanese which is a good sign.However, this is where the buck stops for me. The sushi is of good quality, but it is quite traditional. You will not find the fusion rolls, or deep friend somethings here. The service is ok and the restaurant is clean. (BTW it is now located in the former El Morroco Restaurant). The decor is a mix of Japanese and a bit of Moroccan in the entrance, so it makes for a odd mix.The food is ok, the price is above average, so if you are looking for a better experience, it may be better to go elsewhere.
3	Note that this restaurant was formerly on Mountain, but has moved to 3450 Drummond, above Sherbrooke, in 2012.  It is now hidden away at the bottom of an apartment building.Before the move this was one of my favorite sushi restaurants, particularly because of it's traditional Japanese style and cuisine.  I am really not a fan on the various rolls and Vietnamese "creations" (including California and other rolls) that are called "sushi" these days because I find them to be the club sandwiches of the sushi trade.  As of early 2013 the menu is still biased towards traditional Japanese sushi, with a real old-school itamae-class chef behind the bar.  The freshness appearance of the plates, and speed of the service, however, is not as good as it once was and I am not inclined to award the place as many starts as before.  I am hoping they will get things better under control in their new (more obscure) location and bring the place back up to the standard I remember.The decor remains quite traditional and the staff wear traditional Japanese garb and treat their patrons in a classic style, but the overall feel of the place is less polished and exclusive than one would expect at an upper-end restaurant.
