1	Went here after dinner to grab a frosty but gave up after an extended wait. The cashiers were busy chatting with their friends and couldn't be bothered to help anyone in line. The location also seemed a bit sketchy; I'd avoid this one. Try Panera Bread across the street.
3	This used to be my local Wendy's back in the day and I used to frequent it a bit too regularly for the Spicy Chicken Sandwich.I don't really recommend fast-food or chains but I have fond memories at this particular one.Gotta luv using french fries as a fork for your frostee and seeing it partially melt around the fry.
4	A couple blocks away from the UPMC Shadyside hospital, this was one of the better Wendy's experiences I have had.Friendly staff working at a fast clip at the inside counter. I got a spicy chicken medium combo with small chili and sweet tea. I also picked up the $1 frosty keychain tag of which 0.80 goes to the Salvation Army and gets me a free mini-frosty with subsequent visits.They didn't try to upsell me or read me the rule book when I asked for extra hot chili sauce (my favorite hot sauce of any fast food chain) and crackers like the Wendy's at home.Food was fresh and hot. Can't ask for more from a Wendy's.
5	Perhaps it is due to my experiences in dtown Balto that I may have a skewed opinion, but anyone who tries to say that this location has shady patrons is woefully incorrect.  As of today, I have gone to this location throughout every part of the day.  Today, sunday morning, I walked into the fast food joint while half the restaurant was blocked off for prospective vibrant wendy's employees training.their overplayed commercial promoting their breakfast, specifically their "fresh cracked eggs cooked on a griddle" thing, finally inspired me to wake up before noon for the first time in a while to head to wendy's for breakfast.  I got the artisan egg sandwich with sausage combo (which includes their roasted potato slices and a drink (OJ costs 80 cents extra)).  I thought that the roasted potato slices would turn out too gourmet, which i was NOT looking for.  But praise whatever you'd like me to praise, they did use a good amount of starch to give it the outside crunch reminiscent of a french fry or a tator tot.  thumbs up to that.  unfortunately, i may have come too late to get the fresh batch of sausage patties, but mine came out a bit dry.Then why 5 stars? the 99 cent junior bacon cheeseburger.  my goodness, it could be the best 99 cent fast food item of all time.  i've ordered as many as 6 at once before, and no more than 1 was made with any type of cheese translational misregistration relative to the sausage patty substrate (did i just reveal my identity as a loser? i hope not). in layman's terms, every little cheeseburger came out constructed perfectly, with one slice of fresh tomato, crisp green lettuce, and most importantly, their bacon.overall, i'm partially thankful to be in pittsburgh because of how near i live to this wendy's, and because pittsburgh is one of only around four metropolitan areas where wendy's currently offers breakfast. although nothing would ever match up to in n out, this is my go-to place to satiate my cravings i get as a socal fast-food junkie.
3	This place is pretty hit or miss. On a good day, the food is fresh and delicious, and the staff is friendly and polite. On a bad day, nothing comes out the way it should and the frostys even suck. How can a Wendy's mess up a frosty? I have no clue. I did just discover that their morning potatoes are better than McD's hashbrown patty, an accomplishment that I did not think was possible - the crispy little polygons are spiced to delicious perfection and are a great compliment to the square (ciabatta-eqsue?) sausage muffin. Morning heartburn? Yes, but probably worth it, and also the reason Tums exist.
2	I will forever remember this drive-through conversation:Welcome to Wendy's. Can I take your order?Yeah, I'd like a Frescuit. We ain't got no hashbrowns!...um, all I want it a Frescuit. A'ight... I'm just lettin' you know.
4	In a pinch, Wendy's can do.  However, if you're in a hurry, and expect to use the drive-thru and get out, go elsewhere.  That is also a good sign, shows that the place has staying power with the constant line of people inside and outside wanting their food.  Bad thing, traffic can sometimes be snarled if there is that big of a line that it comes out onto Baum Blvd.Quick sidenote: if you decide to use the drive-thru, be sure to have used the bathroom prior, not fun to sit there waiting when you really need to use the facilities.  It's like that long ride on the turnpike when you already passed the last rest stop for 50 miles.
1	Just like every other Wendy's you've been to, except with slower service! Employees show no sense of urgency. There are two cash registers inside but I've never seen more than one being used at once, no matter how long the line is. Last time I was here, it took 30 minutes from the time I took my place in line until I received my order.
1	what is it with Wendys ?  They never get the orders right. If any of the employees would smile I would die from shock.  This review applies to many of the Wendys  that I have been to. Even in Florida.  Do they train them to be rude and ignorant ?
1	Don't use the drive-thru. I'm not sure why I keep coming here (probably because the food is decent enough and cheap). Every time I'm here, without fail, I can expect to wait no less than 13 minutes in the drive-thru.
3	Aw Wendys.. You get no love? Okay in everyones defense service is spotty. But c'mon. That frosty itself deserves atleast 2 stars :) (5 IMO)Funny story. 1/1/14 @ 3am. We just left Southside & were driving around aimlessly looking for places to eat. At last we spot Wendys & a drive thru line wrapped around. We wait.. & wait & wait. A few cars leave & we move. & wait some more. Finally we decide to leave after realizing it'll take forever to get through the line. We drive past the window & boom.. It's dark & closed. We look at the Wendys sign which states they close at 6pm new years eve. So a line of 20 cars including us all had a dummy moment the very beginning of 2014, including our DD. haha :)
1	I visisted this Wendy's often when I first started working nearby in Shadyside. But I quickly learned my lesson. I got tired of spending 20 minutes of my lunch break waiting in line. No less than 20 minutes. Every. Single. Time. The drive-thru is only slightly faster at 10-15 mins. Plus, the staff is rude. I've driven out of my way a few times to the Wendy's in Wilkinsburg just to avoid this place.Anyway, I have no qualms with the food, as it's the same as any other Wendy's. So it's fine if you have time to kill.
1	Fast food.... NOT.Big corporate America places only get one shot w us. We came here cause we got stuff to do, quick trip to TARGET, try to get child fed quickly and to bed on time. SO LETS STOP AT Wendy's, right? Quick?Swing and miss. Never again.
