2	I should really give this place 1 star...maybe even a zero but it's a relatively new place, it's my first time there and hopefully,  hopefully, they are still working out the kinks.This is an outpost to a ny establishment - rub stands for "righteous urban barbeque...something like that - i might be wrong, but i think the ny place was on a show called "opening soon" ...on the fine living channel - basically chronicles the process of opening a restaurant...anyways - this place is located in the rio hotel/casino - upper level in the masquerade village - nice sized space...at the entrance is a chopper designed by the oc chopper guys - instead of a side car it has a side bbq smoker...kinda cool looking ...curious what they had to fork over to build it and how much my bill is "taxed" to cover the cost !the server came up...not much enthusiasm...took drink order....didn't mention any specials...no spiel about how many hours the meats are smoked, kind of wood...blah blah blah...the servers had cutsy shirts that said things like "nice rack"  the best rack you'll ever had"  that kinda shitanyways...my SO is not into bbq  but she settled for an appetizer of bbq shrimp and some corn bread.  i am a 'q man ...no expert by any stretch but i've been to my fair share of places in lv and so cal, az, tx, okla. illinois.. orleans.. kansas city...but i still need some southern nc/ memphis/etc 'q experiences...i ordered the 3 meat combo - 2 sides...$24 r so...before i can make my meat selections - server advised that they were out of sausage, pastrami, ribs, hmmm something else...oh yeah - after i ordered the pulled pork, brisket and smoked turkey, she infomred me that the turkey was also toast...now understand...it's 12:30...the place is maybe 1/4 full of people...it's a wednesday....why out of so many things ??? so i went with the smoked ham.a little slow on the serving of the food...everything should be done...right...so the shrimp takes hmmm 5 minutes to prep...oh that's right the sides...2 sides - they didn't have mac and cheese. potatoes and something else.....i rodered the cucumber tomato salad and the cole slaw....slaw very dull, cucmber tasted good but the tomatoes...what tomatoes...a few copped pieces sitting on top like a garnish...the meats...if someone told me the ham was taken out of a can...i would believe it...the pulled pork - very smoky...the top strands were very dry, the bottom of the pile..very good...the key...very smoky flavor...the briket very large pink smoking ring on the meat...but dry...and not nearly as smoky in flavor as the pulled pork...the serving sizes....i'm guessing 3 ounces / pile....the shrimp was ok...a little salty - the cornbread...a little on the dry side but edible....had to wave down a server for a drink re-fill....overall, i thin the place has a chance, but they definitely need to work out the kinks...i hope it does because it's relatively close to my house....
3	Fair but not great BBQ place.This is based on 2 take-outs from Rub about 2 weeks apart.  The first was a 3 meat sampler and a pulled pork sandwich.  The 3 meats were burnt ends, brisket and St. Louis ribs.  Sides were the greens, fries and potato salad.When I got home I noticed that there was absolutely no sauce whatsoever.  NONE.  Nothing on the side, nothing on the meats, nothing on the sandwich.  Pulled pork with no BBQ sauce?Anyway, the pulled pork was fairly good about the same quality as Memphis.  The brisket was okay but not outstanding.  I thought the St. Louis ribs were fairly good but not memorable.Potato salad was a good yellow mustardy variety but the fries were poor.  They looked well seasoned but the only thing that came through was the sugar.  Greens didn't have much flavor, almost watery.  I really liked the burnt ends.  They were very large pieces about 2 inches square with plenty of char and fat flavor.  My girlfriend did not like the piece she sampled.  She spit it out actually because it had a very large chunk of fat.  However, I loved the flavor enough to forgive them for forgetting the sauce.  They were so good I gave them another chance.Round IIThe second time, I got another pulled pork sandwich and the 3 meat sampler.  However, this time I was told that you can't select St. Louis style for the 3 meat even though I got it the last time.  I went for the brisket, sausage and burnt ends.The sides ordered this time were the cucumbers, potato salad and potato salad.  Yes, I do like their potato salad so it is a deliberate repeat.The sausage was a bit odd.  It was grayish inside from a lot of sage and dry.  It was poor especially compared to Salt Lick.Brisket was dry this time.  Previously it was acceptable quality but not this time.My burnt ends were also worse than the first visit.  Instead of big pieces that perfectly balanced char with fat, the pieces were sometimes no thicker than a half inch.  I liked a few pieces but some of them were just plain bad with the wrong ratio of char to fat flavor.I made sure to emphasize that we wanted a lot of extra sauce.  They told me over the phone that they had 3 kinds and that I was going to get plenty of each.  When I picked it up I made sure to ask about the sauce and they confirmed that we had lots.  Alas, no happy ending.When I got home, I noticed that they used some decently large containers for the sauce.  They were not labeled but that was no problem. It's easy to tell sweet from hot and vinegary, etc.  Except that each of the 6 containers were the same sauce.  Yes, the same one in each of those 6 different containers.  Good vinegary sauce but NO variety.Pros:1.  Sometimes burnt ends are excellent if you like char and fat flavor2.  Potato salad is good3.  Waitresses wear short skirtsCons:1.  Inconsistent quality2.  Below average sausage3.  Take-out orders are not suggested.  Be there so you can complain until they get it right.I might repeat simply because of the first experience with their burnt ends.  Hopefully the second trip was an off day.
3	A friend and I had The Baron which is a 50 dollar plate of meat. It was tasty. The pastrami and turkey were especially good so if you're getting single servings consider those.    We had our fill of meat and it came on a bed of white bread and some sliced pickles. We also got sides: mac and cheese and corn bread. The corn bread was tasty but pretty standard. It wasn't very warm which made it hard to spread the chilled butter. The mac and cheese was essentially velveeta so whatever you think of velveeta.     The service was great. Our server was attentive, charming, and informed. The atmosphere was nice. Not too many people when we decided to eat so it wasn't loud or stuffy.     Other dishes might be different but The Baron was served without sauce; you added sauce as you liked from the squirt bottles they had on the table. Not fancy but tasty enough.   We got a free dessert with some coupon we got. We had deep-fried Oreos. Holy crap.   Not amazing but kind of fun.
4	I ate here twice... "The most talked-about barbecue restaurant in New York City opens at Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino this December, bringing the flavors of chef Paul Kirk, aka the "Kansas City Baron of Barbecue," to legions of BBQ aficionados in Las Vegas."Disclaimer, I took the one day BBQ class with Paul Kirk so I may be slightly biased. I had the Brisket Sandwich and Fries (Saturday 3/8 for lunch). Sat at the bar. The server/bartender was friendly and attentive. Perfectly cooked brisket, you must sauce it yourself (I used the spicy sauce) with fries. The roll was amazing, toasted to perfection. Had 2 Sierra Nevada Pale Ales (on tap.) Had a quick snack there on 3/11/08 (around 8pm) - Smoke Fried Chicken Wings served with Celery sticks. Sauced them with the spicy sauce. My only complaint was that they asked if I wanted blue cheese or ranch dressing. I said blue cheese. They brought ranch. I said "blue cheese!" They brought ranch again. I gave up and ate them without any dressing.
3	When you say "Pulled Chicken", I expect a tender, shredded meat like "pulled pork". Little surprised when my sandwich had chunks of chicken. The meat was a bit dry, but the sauce was good.Still looking for the best bbq.
4	Sooooo much food!  Their portions are giant.  Giant doesn't necessarily mean great but it's pretty good BBQ if you ask me.  Their bbq sauce isn't overly sweet but rather, a bit tangy which I am now a fan of.  I got the half chicken and two sides and it could have fed two people easily.  It lacks a star because of how FREEZING this restaurant was and the fact that the portions were just ridiculously huge.  Scale it back and turn up the temp.
1	It;s at the Rio Casino on the top floor. Went there by myself for lunch on one of my co-workers recommendation.1. ordered a combo of brisket and burnt ends with sides of corn bread and greens.2. the brisket was bone dry, looked like it was a couple of days old by the texture and color.3. burnt ends were decent, it's mainly fat so it was'nt dry4. was not impressed with the sauces, a mild one and a spicy one.5. the corn bread was cold and the greens was decent. I prefer to have my corn bread warm so that the butter would melt. actually i have never gotten cold corn bread at a restaurant before until i went to rub.6. my overall experience with rub was terrible. I did have a nice chat with the waitress, i could have sent the brisket back but i dont like the idea of sending food back to the kitchen, you'll know what they'll do, its no myth.
4	I'm gonna knock this up to 4 stars because the quality of the barbeque was good.  Also, for lunch, if you order a sandwich, you have a side option of collard greens available.They weren't half bad either.The brisket sandwich could have been five star but it's basically really good barbeque stuffed between two dry pieces of bread with 5 pickles.  What about tomatos and lettuce and onions?  Or something to give the sandwich that little *Uummpfttt* to go with the excellent Kansas City style barbeque?Still: I enjoyed my final meal in vegas here.  For lunch, it's nice and quiet over here away from the loudness of a typical day in a Vegas Casino.  Service was excellent.  The atmosphere is Texas style polished wood floor rustic-ness.
3	My boy Nolan wanted BBQ and we were staying here and saw this place the last trip so we decided to check it out, their BBQ is dry rubbed slow cooked  St louis and baby back ribs was not off the bone tender but was still pretty good the portions were good and the spicy sauce was my favorite.The side dishes are good sized we got the beans & corn bread & garlic mashed potatoes was Ono! The service was fast and we ordered only ribs so i cannot rate the other food, as soon as we ordered the food it came in less than a blink of and eye! I am not kidding it was like they knew what we wanted! The server was always asking us for refills and if we wanted any thing else, the only bad thing was that they did not have chocolate ice cream, they had vanilla ice cream with chocolate syrup YUCK!
3	Not great, but not bad BBQ. I'm sure if the ribs and chicken were more freshly prepared, they would have tasted a lot better. There was no one in the restaurant but us at 3pm, so I imagine that the food they served us had been sitting under heat lamps since the lunch rush (if there was a rush). Another thing I didnt like was that the ribs werent cooked in any BBQ sauce. You have to pour it on at the table. I like my BBQ meats to marinate in the sauce for a while. Anyway, the greens and mashed potatoes were very good and they have draft beer. Go Blue Moon!
1	So my friend really wanted a bbq place on our way out of LV. And she's heard of this place and though it would have been good. No it was bad. The ribs i got were dry. The ends were really bad and we'd though that if we get closer to the center it would be juicier. nope so we asked is this normal for them. The server said no the manager said yes. What really pissed me off was when he said "you don't know what dry rub ribs are like" "you don't know what smoke ribs is supposed to be like"  Ok granted i don't work at a bbq and yeah i don't live out in memphis. But dam it don't assume s*** about me. When you cook at a low temp for a long period of time it's to keep it juice and give it some smoke flavor. Not dried out jerky! They would have gotten a 2 maybe 3 stars from me. But mister manager you drove it over the top with your insulting comments.
1	Sad. Sad excuse for barbecue. I ate the toughest and most flavorless piece of brisket that I have ever had in my life. I didn't know that cow could have that little flavor. The sauce was weak. The sides. . .I could've gotten better sides at 7-11. Our server was drunk or under age or both. She could barely get our order and move from one side of the restaurant to the other. If I had to do what my mother told me and say something nice I could say the fried pickles were good. But that's no damn reason to eat at this restaurant. Please don't eat here.
3	Next to Last place on my list of BBQ places in Las Vegas & some pretty mixed reviews BUT ..... I immediately liked the place the chopper w/smoker sidecar by Orange County Choppers/American Chopper & I liked the modern design with flat screens easily viewable from every seat and large comfy booths along the wall. There were a few large groups already eating and the BBQ looked great BUT... I decided to try a couple sandwiches this time & skip the bbq-the table right next to me ordered a 3 meat sampler with brisket,ribs & pulled pork & it looked fantastic. I ordered the B.L.G.F.T. or Bacon Lettuce Green Fried Tomato and a side of mac & cheese, the wife ordered a pastrami with mayo coleslaw. I tried all 3 of their trademark sauces and I thought they were all good, each had it's own distinct variation. We both ordered sweet tea which was pretty damn good but a little warm. The place was only 1/2 full so service was pretty fast & the waitress was very informative. The only complaint is it is way overpriced.$14 sandwiches...BUT.... Monday-Friday 5-9 they have all-you-can-eat BBQ for $30. I will have to go back & give it a go.
3	Ribs are one of my favorite things to eat.  I remeber seeing some ad the last time were stayed at RIO saying it was some famous cook or something.  To me the baby back ribs were sort of dry.  For being a rib joint I thought they would totally be better.  Service wasn't bad but wasn't good.  I liked how they had TVs all over the place so you can watch the game.  Woud I go there again, yes, but someone else would have to suggest it.  The OCC Chpper outside was pretty cool though.
1	Absolutely HorrificMay 16, 2009 - On a busy Friday night, we needed some food and did not want to do the waiting for a table deal at some of the nicer restaurants in the Rio Hotel and Casino. We happend by the Rub BBQ, and we should have known better just by the horribly tacky theme chopper motorcycle in the entrance, equipped with a BBQ smoker sidecar. Even diehard rednecks would think this is as lame as it gets.Okay, we order from the terribly dog-eared and worn out menus in an atmosphere that could be best described as " cardboard factory lunchroom" decor.We order from the menu, Baby Back ribs and the fixings.Oh lord, thats when it got even worse. Poor service, wrong beverages delivered, and then came the food.This was the absolute worst "BBQ food" I have ever eaten in my life, and that includes greasy food prepared 200 miles off-shore on an oil platform in the Gulf of Mexico. Let's see, Baby Back ribs: Well, not any form of a rack that I could determine, as the ribs were all individually sliced and detached, in perfectly sliced (Read: cut while cold and reheated), or they just happen to posses a kitchen lazer beam that slices slow cooked pork to the thousands of an inch in straightness.But then, I am implying slow cooked goodness, which this was not even close, as the overwheming and sickening flavor of liquid smoke was permeated into the meat and (or complete lack thereof) BBQ sauce.Hey, that would be bad enough, but that would be taking for granted these were actually Baby Back ribs. They were not! They were actually the smaller lengths of the Pork Ribs they offer on their menu, and what was even more disturbing was the fact the 6-7 ribs we were served did not even match each other in cooking color, length and overall appearance. Nice.....a grab bag of ribs. Leftovers? Uh huh.Then comes the sides, lets describe the eternal BBQ favorite, baked beans: We will just say they should be called " A whole bottle of Liquid Smoke in Bush's Baked Beans". Nuff said, ineatable.French fries, not bad, not good....lots of salt, PASS THE KETCHUP please.BBQ Sauce presented at the table?? Clearly UN MARKED as to variety, spices, etc. The silk screening was work off the platic bottles, from what I hope was hot water cleaning. I think I overestimate the cleaning part of the equasion. Thats okay, they were all near empty anyway.But here is the kicker, (now mind you we all had 1 call or well mixed adult beverage with dinner) THE BILL.$80.00. Yep, EIGHTY DOLLARS for complete shit, and I do mean SHIT. Nice thing though, the next day I got to revisit the experience in my bathroom, as it seems RUB BBQ does not know very much about clean and fresh food products or food handling. Thank god for extra soft Charmin.The waitress was okay, just barely. We tipped the normal 20% that DECENT HUMANS give as a gratuity, but they actually all deserved to be kicked suare in the nuts for placing that rubbish in front of paying customers.I'm sure the owner of this dump lives in Maryland or New York City, a real hotbed of smoked BBQ food activity, and he or she swings by the Las Vegas store on the way to the VIP suite on the 50th floor of the Rio Hotel, just spending enough time on premises to pat everyone on the back and say "Good Job!!!".If you value a healthy gastrointestinal tract and actual good food value, NEVER eat at "Rub BBQ". (I cut and paste from another site, before I noted that YES, this dump is actually based in NY City. Go figure, called that one correctly. What a joke.)
1	I had the St Louis Ribs with Cole Slaw and Mac n Cheese. I asked the server is the MacNCheese was baked and he said yes.  When the plate arrived, it looked like Kraft or velvetta with elbow mac.  I sent it back for the beans.  Beans tasted just like Bush's canned beans with a few pieces pork added to make it look homemade.  The Cole Slaw was blah.  Just regular cabbage with a mayo dressing. No colorfull presentation with red cabbage and carrots like Mom made.  The ribs were meaty and were pink with smoke flavor.  The wierd part is the cut line on the ribs. It was clean and flat.  When you cut good ribs apart, they break apart before a knife can cut them. These ribs looked like they could be refrigerator magnets because the cuts were so sharp.  You have to use the squeeze bottle sauces on the table to give  the ribs some moisture.
2	i stumbled into this bbq place because we needed to have dinner before watching chippendales. (tee hee)the ribs were cold and dry - uh, WHERE IS THE TENDER JUCY FALLING OFF THE BONE DEAL?!it wasnt bad tasting, it was just meh. i wouldnt choose to go here again except for the 2dollar margaritas.but they have 2 dollar margaritas all over the place. (read: go somewhere else)** the service was pretty good though. not gonna complain about that.
3	Rub isn't bad. It's not great, but it isn't bad.The BBQ is OK/Good. Granted, I'm very biased since Dinosaur BBQ is just downtown from here. I think if you like BBQ and you're in the RIO, this is a good place to grab a bite to eat. I'm not sure if I'd make a special trip here though.There is a lot on the menu to choose from as well as a variety of sauces to taste. The 'burnt ends' are supposed to be a specialty of theirs. I did not order them, but some other folks I went with did and enjoyed them.You can fill up easily, so make sure you're hungry if you go for one of the combo plates. The cornbread is tasty as well.The service was disappointing. We were pretty much ignored after being seated. Eventually the bus boy noticed we haven't been waited on and got us some drinks and sent someone over. The waitress promptly came over to serve us. Her excuse was that no one told her we were seated and she didn't know we were there. I'd be more likely to accept her excuse if we weren't the only ones in the place at the time...
4	this place isnt super bad... u just gotta know what to order!!!! all the sides are pretty decent, but what i like here the most is the beef brisket bbq salad... its really good and fresh... i order it for lunch all the time when i used to have a store at the rio.also the turkey club blt sandwich is good too... of course, these arnt things you would normally order from a bbq restaurant, so thats probably why this place has got some bad ratings. dont forget to order sweet tea :)maybe they just make things special good for me because they used to see me every day :)
4	i had a rack of st louis style ribs, burnt ends and pulled pork combo....baked beans as a side...good tasty bbq but very pricey, for the above with two drinks was $50 .....i would go again next time I am in Sin City........
4	I have ate BBQ all over this country, KC, Memphis, Texas, Carolina, and everywhere inbetween, and I must admit the BBQ at Rub is really good. It's not the greatest BBQ I've ever had but they do a good job. I have had the Brisket, Burnt Ends, Pulled Pork, and Turkey over a few visits and I will be going back again.The Brisket is good, the turkey is great, and the burnt ends are amazing (bear in mind Burnt Ends aren't for everyone, but I love them). The sides are good I have always gotten the Mac and Cheese and the Corn Bread. A friend of mine swears bye their beans but I'm not a BBQ beans fan. Their Cornbread is amazing and the portions are pretty good, they can get a little skimpy on the meat portions but I get the 2 or 3 meat meal and usually get 2 meals out of it, and I am by no means a light eater.It's not the best BBQ place in the country but it is quite possible the best BBQ place in vegas, in my eyes it's the reigning champ until someone else steps up and takes over
1	My goodness. I try to see the good in every place I try to go eat, and yet this place just couldn't get it right. I went on 4th of July (hello, prime BBQ day!) and I ordered the Brisket combo with a couple of sides. My BF got a 3 meat combo, with Burnt Ends, Brisket, and Pulled Pork. I couldn't manage to choke down any of it -every piece of meat in front of us was either dry as a bone or burnt to a char....and the burnt ends (I won't ding them for those being charred, it says it in the title)...were practically PURE FAT! AND NO FLAVOR! And, BBQ Sauce didn't help; they didn't have any sauces I liked (and none of them helped enhance the flavor of the food) I tried to poke into the sides (greens, Mac/cheese) and was equally dissatisfied. This is probably the ONLY time I've ever sent EVERYTHING back (except my Sweet Tea, which was good) and actually exited the restaurant. It was disappointing too, because it always smells SO good around there...but the food...well, I wouldn't even eat it for free. On the other hand, our server was very gracious, and because he noted our displeasure with the entire meal, he did bring us some peach cobbler to snack on while we waited for our small check (for the sweet tea). Would not consider returning.
5	It's so disappointing to see how low of an average RUB has!  My boyfriend's family and I went here before going to Chippendale's show (a girls night for my boyfriend's sister's 21st bday).  The food here is really good.  I had the brisket sandwich with the mac n cheese (with a side of butter lettuce for my sandwich).  I wasn't a big fan of the mac n cheese but the brisket meat in the sandwich was DELICIOUS.  It was perfectly cooked and I loved the pickles that came with it.  I love  that they have three different bottles of BBQ sauce at each table so that you can pick and choose what's best for your taste.  I definitely chose the spiciest one that they have and it's probably the best BBQ sauce I've ever had.  Overall, this meal was amazing and the spiked lemonade they have here is also super good :) The server we had was probably the best server I've ever had.  She took her time to explain the process of how they cook the meat and she answered all of our questions regarding the food on the menu.  She was very attentive and nothing went wrong during our meal.  I love the place and I love our server.  I'll definitely be back!
3	Found this to be a solid BBQ place - ordered a combo plate - all the food was reasonably good, and they had Fat Tire on tap which is always a bonus.  Service was reasonable as well.  Had heard mixed reviews in advance of RUB, but had a good serviceable experience here.
1	El stinko grande. There isn't a single thing I would recommend about this place. The "BBQ" is lousy, the service is pathetic, and it just isn't worth the effort. The sides are passable, but not at the price. A McDonald's McRib sandwich is better BBQ that what this place puts out. Go anywhere else but here.
1	This is my first review it's not about the restaurant but about the reviews of this place.  I was excited to go because I am a BBQ guy and was staying at the Rio.  Was a bit concerned because reviews as recent as a month were poor.  I went anyway and THE PLACE HAD BEEN OUT OF BIZ FOR 8 MONTHS!  How do u do a review on a closed biz?
2	FYI... This place is no longer at The RIO
5	So bummed to see that RUB is gone. Got drawn in by the cool bike.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zKC3gRFQ8eRU8oRXENAEaA?select=ed8NbVr26_qtR-MXHyYTUg#ed8NbVr26_qtR-MXHyYTUgRighteous Urban BBQ had the best Burnt Ends I have ever eaten. PERIOD!I came here to the Rio a couple years ago for work and had to stay for several days. Day 1 RUB, server pointed out the Burnt ends. Game on Guinness and a plate full of BE's. I crashed out after that meal.  Line at seafood buffet way too long. Go to RUB and have another delicious meal of BE's and onion strings and more craft beer. Night #3 went back for some more, of those orgasmic ends.RIP RUB!
