5	This is a great addition to the NW for the discerning pet owner!  I love everything about it. They carry premium foods like Orijens, Acana, Natural Balance to name a few.  Plus they have a refrigerated dog section for those that feed raw.  All their treats are made in the USA.  They have a table with doggie desserts that look good enough for human consumption that are .90 an ounce.  They sell deer antlers, jerky and sausage items by the ounce too.  A perfect way to give you dog variety.  They have dog grooming and offer a nice selection of leashes, collars and dog bowls as well.  The owners, Adrienne and Jim are super friendly and support dog rescue which is a cause close to my heart.  I'm excited to see how the deer antlers go over cause sometimes Momma needs a break and those are supposed to keep them busy for awhile.
4	It's nice to have a local pet bakery with owners who care about you and your furry child! Good quality treats and food. Competative prices, especially for the quality of the food/treats.
5	Fantastic treats, fantastic service and fantastic grooming!!  Love this place!!! :)
4	It's a really nice addition to the area. I went in to check them out and loved all the available treats they carried. The owner is very knowledgeable and friendly. I only gave them 4 stars because I think their grooming packages are a little expensive. From speaking to the owner, they are planning on expanding the stuff they offer. Hopefully soon I will be upgrading them to a 5 star. Lets support the small businesses in our community.
5	Thanks to my friend Sue, I absolutely LOVE this place! Jim is so welcoming every time I have come in. He even had a personal phone call and told them he would call back because he had a customer! (In my past experiences most employees take the call and ignore me). He helped me find, try on and adjust a harness that fit and was comfortable for my new dog I recently rescued. And he even gave me samples and food recommendations for her as she has been having issues. And later when I got home I looked and saw that he emailed me to thank me for coming in and hoped that the product he gave me goes well for her! I will continue to come here instead of places like Petco for their outstanding customer service and knowledge of products for my dog :)
5	Had both of my puppies groomed today and they did an amazing job! One of them had never been groomed and the other only once. They did an amazing job on both puppies. Also were great and personable. Their items are reasonably priced and the grooming is actually cheaper than petco or PetSmart. Really like that it is a "mom and pop" shop. Will def be going back.
5	yelp challenge 2013: 37/100 I'm very excited to have this pet botique in the NW area.  If you are a devoted dog owner, you should check this place out. I come here primarily for my pup's specialty foods after I read the glowing recomendation from Vicky B. on Yelp. You'll find all sorts of healthy goodies here: holistic pet food brands (at lower prices), grooming supplies, nutritional supplements, freshly baked treats, leashes, beds, collars, and toys (I posted a pic of the dog bed I purchased).Here are are few of my favorite things:  My pup loves his 'deer antlers.' The antlers keep my French Bulldog entertained for hours and help keep his teeth squeaky clean which is a big bonus for me (see pics). I also come here to purchase Acana dog food. In particular, I'm a fan of their Lamb & Okanagan Apple which uses ranch-raised lamb as a single-source animal ingredient and is free of high glycemic grains. This type of food is particularly good for those pups that have allergies. They also have a fantastic groomer onsite. This is the only place my dog actually enjoys getting groomed. He used to shake when I dropped him off at other groomers in the area. After his first grooming session here, he was happy and playful when we arrived to pick him up. Talk about a HUGE difference! He now recognizes the store when we bring him here. I won't take him anywhere else to get groomed again. Come here and support your locally owned business in the NW area. You'll get top notch service (they carry the 30lbs bag of dog food to my car every time) and quality products at a great price! I'm totally a fan and promise you'll be a fan, too!PS: They have a loyalty program for their Acana dog food. Buy 10 bags, get one free. You need to save the receipt and UPC label and this store will give you a little envelope for safe keeping to redeem your reward!
4	How exciting - a specialty pet supply store just a stone throw away from the house! I briefly popped in while waiting for my to-go order next door so I didn't get to browse thoroughly as I like, but they had a lot of wholesome pet food brands, chews, treats and accessories. I ended up grabbing a few goodies of their table of treats. They do 95 cents per ounce and some of these treats are so attractive looking, they look like desserts for people. It may not be the most cost effective for frequent treats, but it's perfect for a gift or a special treat. My dogs and cat enjoyed them a lot - specially the carob "chocolate" covered sandwich cookies with frosting. The cat ate most of the frosting, but the dogs didn't seem to mind. The guy at the counter was pretty nice and even gave me a sample of food. I'm always looking for new foods for the dogs, specially one of them seems to do better with food that is grain free and potato free. This was a brand I haven't heard of before, and I have a pretty extensive list of foods that fit my feeding requirements that I put together for my dog groups/forums. Definitely will be back! Since it's close to the house, I will probably bring the dogs in too. My other favorite pet shops are rather far so unfortunately, I don't really bring them along since it's a long drive back to take them home after.
5	We are traveling with our beloved pooch and the Woof Bakery groomer was kind enough to squeeze us in for grooming :) We were lucky because this bakery was so much fun for all of us, and the owners really care about your pets! They seemed knowledgeable about all the healthy products they carry & we left with all kinds of great goodies. Our pooch is completely satisfied & looks like a million bucks! We can't wait to come back!!
2	I've been here before to get my dogs some treats. The treats were adorable, and my pups loved them. BUT, I have since tried calling them to make an appointment to have my dogs shaved down (they're Poms, and they need their hair shaved down for the summer here), and I have heard amazing things about their grooming, but every time I have called they never seem interested, or act like they want to help me out or answer questions, they are always very short with their answers (I have tried to call on several occasions to ask questions, and book appointments). When I explained to them my schedule and asked if they could help, all they said was "no" there was so solution, no help... It was a simple "no". Or, when I called on Saturday around noon (when their hours clearly state that they are open until 6) they told me that they stop grooming at 3, and they couldn't help me. I have since taken my business elsewhere, and I will not be recommending this place to any of my fellow pet owners.
5	I brought my dog, Henry, in to get groomed Sunday and Sherry did a great job. He looks like himself but more dapper. Henry was in high spirits when he was finished too. The last time we got him bathed at a different establishment (which will remain nameless) and he came out obviously stressed. At Woof Gang, he was calm and didn't have a care in the world. Nice work, Woof Gang team! I will be back. :)
5	Great local business! The owner and employees are friendly and helpful. Love to take our dog with us to shop. Its very dog friendly there.  always a bowl of water for dogs to use. The home baked treats are a hit with our pup & they have gluten free for him.
5	I get Acana food for my dog there and also grooming , service excellent , great lill shop!!
4	My baby is a Japanese Spitz. Her white coat is like cotton with a thick undercoat.  I have had good and bad results with past groomers.  Being a new resident to Vegas, I was not sure I would find a decent grooming place.  I found Wolfgang Bakery and Grooming  through Yelp based on the good reviews. Therefore, I went to the store to check them out.  The store is cute and pink!  They have all sorts of dog and kitty goodies.  I asked questions about their grooming services and the groomer was pleasant and informative.  However, I thought it a bit rude when the groomer took a phone call, regarding an appointment, as she was providing me info and getting ready to schedule my baby for an basic wash and cut the next day. I let it roll off and moved on. I dropped my baby off and hoped for the nest.  When I received her back, she looked marvelous! The coat was short, uniformed, and nice and soft.  My baby was happy and she seemed comfortable with the groomer. It is a small place and it is probably best to book an appointment well in advance.  In my opinion, their grooming prices were reasonable and would definitely use them again!
5	My dog loves these people and so do we.  I got some treats from them cheese and bacon they made em.  My dog DEMANDS one every morning or goes apeshit barking.   Great groomers, and the owners are very nice.  5 star everything, thank you for taking care of my little buddy, he loves you!
5	I love this place, it is such a nice environment! I have gotten so many things for my chihuahua here. He has a very sensitive stomach and this is the first place I have been able to find food and treats that he likes and doesn't throw up. I also buy some breathe freshening treats all the time and they now keep bulk bags of them in stock. I can't imagine buying products for my dog anywhere else.
5	We moved to the NW Las Vegas area just over 6 months ago and when we saw the store, just had to go in and buy some treats for our pup!! After a few visits there, we decided to try out their grooming service.  They have very reasonable pricing and are a local business, which is what attracted us.  Our pup got a great haircut and their staff is very friendly! The owner will often give a little treat to the pups that visit as well. We did have a situation where we accidentally got charged too much for her haircut, but I didn't realize this until I got home. I called the shop and the owner, Jim, answered and apologized for the mistake.  He even offered to stop by our house after closing to pay us what we overpaid!!! We are very happy with how the situation was handled and with their customer service and quality grooming and treats.  We will happily support this business as long as we're living here!!
5	I popped in here with my pup a few weeks back for a simple nail trim and bought some treats for her too while I was there.  She loved them and so we went in tonight to buy some more...  We had a great time chatting with Jim and my girl enjoyed playing with him too.  I look very forward to taking her in for a grooming (and of course more treats)!!!You have a new devoted customer!
5	Love this shop the owner is so friendly and helpful and our dogs love the treats and we love that the treats have natural ingredients our dogs love the oatmeal cinnamon bites
1	I have called this location twice now trying to get a grooming appointment for my Yorkie.  Both times I have called the gentleman answers the phone and he has very poor customer service skills. He asked dumbfounded when I say I want to make a grooming appointment. He says he cannot make grooming appointments because he always screws up the groomers schedule. His words exactly, not mine. Both times he took my name and number and assured me that someone would call me the next day to set up my grooming appointment. I have yet to receive a phone call and it has been two weeks now. When I call some place to make an appointment I want to make it now that's why I'm calling in the first place, I don't want to leave you my name and number and wait for somebody to call me back if and when they might get around to it. As I mentioned, no one from the store has ever returned my call. I guess I'll take my grooming business elsewhere.
1	To the person who complained about my post & rating, this is what a Yelp is for, real experiences by real people! Unfortunately my opinion of some businesses are not the same as others opinions.  Sorry if you can't take a little constructive criticism. It was not my intent to deface you business, it was my intent  however to show the lack of professionalism the staff member answering the phones has.  The person answering you phone is your first impression with the public, and it should be held to the highest standards. Perhaps that gentleman's poor attitude doesn't reflect the rest of the employees in your store, but unfortunately that's who I dealt with both times I phoned the store. Had it happened once I certainly would have overlooked it, chalking it up to people have bad days.  That was not the case, I called twice and both time received bad attitude both times, both times leaving contact info, because he said the groomer would contact me the next day, both time the groomer never returned the call. I assume the guy working for you is less than interested in his job and your business in general. He is not someone you should have working for you. Have you asked yourself how many other times has this happened that you are not aware of? My review reflected my opinion of the service, or lack thereof, that I personally received. Clearly I read all your previous reviews and this played a huge factor in me contacting your business in the first place. Sadly I wasn't as please as others.
5	Nice to have a cute place up in Centennial Hills to shop for my dogs. The store is adorable with its pink and sparkly theme. They have a good selection of high quality foods and treats plus the dogs get an extra special cookie when they get their nails trimmed. Went in on a Saturday and they were even doing adoptions for a local animal rescue, very happy to see local businesses helping out animals in need.
5	I run a boarding facility for cute dogs and a few ugly ones and picked up a belated birthday cake for a client's dog named Lucy and let me tell you, that cake was gone in a matter of minutes the dogs enjoyed it so much!The people working at Woof Gang were extremely nice.  Will definitely recommend them to everyone!  Thanks again Woof Gang Bakery!
5	Ellie had her second haircut at Woofgang today and they did another great job! Ellie seems to like going there and the owner is very nice and VERY personable and friendly to customers. We'll definitely return to Woofgang everytime the pup needs groomed or we need to stock up on healthy treats!
5	Wonderful dog treats! The people in there are great and my dog absolutely loves their treats. Everything seems fairly priced for a small shop as far as the treats go- I didn't compare the dog food prices yet. I haven't tried their grooming yet either but prices seem competitive.
5	I had my 13 year old cocker spaniel groomed here, and it was a great experience.  The shop is well priced, and people there were friendly and professional. With my girl getting older, she needs a little more time to be groomed. She did great.  Smiling and trying to steal all the yummy treats throughout the store.  We also picked up a bag of the cheddar bacon cookies, and all my dogs were in heaven! Will definitely be back.
5	My dog and I are visiting from out of town and I needed to get some dog food for her. I went to Woof Gang and the staff there went on the internet and looked up the ingredients on the food she usually had and found me a brand in the store that had almost the exact same content. This way my dog's stomach didn't get upset from the change in brand. Definitely above and beyond customer service and I really appreciated it!
2	I was really a fan of this place....my shitzu-poodle mix Kola was grommed there 2x and Sherry did an awesome job.  However, I was scheduled for her 3rd grooming appt but received a phone call from Sherry about a week prior to her appt to reschedule because she stated they were going to be really busy that day and she wanted to spend more time with Kola.  Ok, no problem.  Now with each of Kola's previous appts, I received a reminder call the day before. I never received a reminder call for the appt that they rescheduled and I had clearly forgotten. I got a call from someone approx 20mins after Kola's scheduled time and the young lady asked if I knew Kola had an appt that day.  I told her that I had received a call to reschedule her previous appt but had forgotten and didn't receive a reminder call.  She apologized and then i asked could I still bring her in.  She told me that they were too busy to take her and that if I wanted to make her another appt I'd have to be charged a $10 rescheduling fee.  I expressed my issue with being charged the fee and she told me i'd have to talk to the Sherry.  I told her to please have her call me so that we could resolve the issue.  I spoke with Sherry once but she told me that I needed to talk to the manager,  I asked her to please have them call me, but I never received a call.  I contacted the store 3 more times and stll no call back from the manager.  I then decided to visit the store personally.  The owner was sitting at the counter and I proceeded to explain to him what i was there for.  With a puzzled look on his face he said, "so what do you want me to do.  i mean, the groomers work here but they are their own business. they have their own rules".  I explained to him that I was told by the groomer to talk to the manager.  I asked, "are you the manager?".....his reply, "no, im the owner".  So at that point i was confused as hell.....LOL.  Well damn, who do i need to talk to.  I told him how much i liked the job Sherry did and that I didn't want to have to get Kola used to another groomer, she's an 8 month old puppy.  I told him that I just wanted to have the rescheduling fee waived.  He told me the reminder calls were only a courtesy and that he doesn't know why i didn't get a call the day before for the appt that THEY CALLED AND RESCHEDULED ANYWAY.  Hell, I couldn't take $10 off my bill because they made the initial change could I?  Nonetheless, he told me that he would have to talk to the groomer to see what they could do and that he would call me back. He then went on to express how great the new system to remind customers of their appts was gonna be....how it could text or email you.  Okaaaaaaay.....you're telling me this now for what? SMH.  I waited 3 days and still no call.  I called them and was told by "the owner" that he talked to "corporate" and that they said I have to be charged the fee if I want to bring Kola back to be groomed.  I asked for corporate's number and he said he didn't have it.  He also claimed he didn't have my number to call me to tell me what "corporate" said.  I decided to take my precious baby elsewhere.  If $10 could not be waived for what would have been a long-time, faithful client, then I'll be damned if I spend one penny with you.
5	Very friendly staff with exceptional knowledge base of pet products and lots of high end variety to choose from.
5	We really love visiting Woof Gang. They have a nice selection of high quality dog foods- you won't find any Pedigree or Beneful here- and they also  have things like beds, toys, and collars. The owners, Jim and Adrienne are very nice and knowledgeable about the products they carry as well. I like that they are involved in local rescue too! My dogs all love the homemade cookies (especially the cannoli)  and we almost always walk out with a free sample of something. I haven't used the grooming here as my dogs all have short fur that is easy for me to groom at home, but based on the care that the owners show toward my dogs when we stop in, I absolutely would trust them whenever my dogs need a "spa day".
5	i bought a birthday cake for my yorkie Princz and it was so beautiful. worth every penny :)
