3	I had the Appetizer combo platter, a bowl of Egg Drop Soup and The Wor Siu Duck...The appetizer platter came with an eggroll, 2 bbq ribs, 2 fried wings, 2 fried shrimp, 2 numaki, and 3 fried wonton. it was all served hot from the kitchen and the price was $6.95The soup was in a good sized bowl, was piping hot and cost $1.10The Wor Siu Duck was a little bland, but there was plenty of it, and the price was very ecenomical at $6.95
1	The food here is awful.  I live next door so I thought I would give it a try.  When I was given a menu I was told that the prices were incorrect.  I ordered a combination plate and was charged $4 more dollars than what the menu price was making it $10.  Not sure if they tell that to everyone or just me?  Thought it was a little steep for a hole in the wall Chinese place.  I would have been ok with the price if the food was good, but this was the worst Chinese food I have ever tasted.  Everything was bland.  And I wasn't sure what the meat was (chicken, pork, pigeon, rat).  Even the fried rice was bad.  Avoid this place and go to Pei Wei up the street.  The food is a million times better and less expensive!
3	Live next door, eat here once every 2 weeks or so. Proprietors are friendly. The food is typical Chinese-American. No wows, but decent & solid. Some things are better than others:Shrimp fried rice, garlic chicken, hot & sour soup, crab puffs are my main picks.The fact they have a full bar is a nice touch. Prices aren't a killer deal but reasonable and nice pour.Overall I'm happy to have them next door, beats a fast food joint any day
4	I love when chinese places have great service ... there food isnt all that its the typical chinese food! but hey good price good service, Free Deeeelievery! best thing on menu, Fried Shrimp , Chow mine, fried rice! Worse thing on menu orange chicken! lol
5	Amazing food nostalgic vibe delicious
3	It's...okay.  kind of expensive for delivery.
1	Not good. Just got an order of cashew chicken, and it literally tastes like chicken pot pie. The sesame chicken is very bland, and the crab won tons are cold and gross. If you're craving your typical Chinese food, I wouldn't get it from here.
5	I love this place. Virginia has helped us since 1980 and she still looks the same. The food is incredible and the service is second to none. My fav spot!
5	Love this place. Great Eggrolls. Amazing Chicken Noodle Soup. Great Service I'm A Regular now.
