1	I was very disappointed with the service from the receptionist.  Two weeks ago, my two children and I all had eye exams with Dr. Abbot.  We were told that all three of us needed glasses.  So naturally my children and I started trying on lenses that would look, feel and fit our faces.  The receptionist was being helpful and showing us lenses that our insurance would cover, as well as designer lenses.  I had found my pair of lenses and so did my youngest daughter, but my teen was having a hard time liking a pair.  The receptionist said, "let me show you these lenses that have not even been put on display yet".  Well of course they where a designer brand, $399 to be exact.  Once my daughter tried on the glasses she fell in love with them... of course.  It's the same sales pitch as, would you prefer a real diamond or a cubic zirconium!  So I said fine after I saw how much my daughter wanted them.  I was informed from the receptionist that I would have a $145 balance.  I paid almost $300 for exam fee's and the other glasses that day and was not able to pay that much until my next payday.  Today I went to pick up the three sets of glasses because it was my only day off, and not to mention that it's not very convenient to go to the office because it's far away from my home.  I went in and tried my glasses on and then when it came time to picking up the other two glasses, I asked the receptionist if I could take the glasses that still had a balance and call on Thursday to pay the rest of the balance since I was already there, and not to mention I just paid almost $300 out of my pocket, and my insurance paid $390 in one week to them.  I thought they would have had good bedside manner, but instead the receptionist told me that "I was the one who made my daughter get the glasses!" and she would have been fine with another pair within our insurance budget.  This was appalling, due to her being the one to bring out the designer glasses that were not even on display yet!  I have been to many Ophthalmologist and have never been talked to or treated so rudely!  When i decided to pay for the glasses because I was so upset at them, some other receptionist became very snotty and told me ok pay it then!  The sad part about the situation is that we were referred through a good friend of my husband and all five of our family had glasses/contacts from them.  I really hope Dr. Abbot takes into deep reflection about who is representing his business.  I have never paid so much for glasses in my life and from now on we will be going elsewhere, due to the horrible communication and treatment.  I suggest some training on how to speak to clients are in order for his staff.
4	I have always had great customer service from Abbot Eye Care.  Dr. Abbot is great with kids and the women who help us choose our glasses are very good about staying within our budget, which I tell them from the beginning.   When we have had problems with our glasses, they have been wonderful in helping us take care of them.  We have had a couple of emergencies and they have been wonderful in getting us in quickly.  Once, Dr. Abbot even came in on a holiday to make sure an injured eye was healing properly.
5	Dr Abbott is the best! We drive across the valley to see him. The team is always very helpful and they work around my tough schedule (always a challenge). Dr Abbott always provides quality care and takes the time to listen and address any eye concerns. Given my daughters tendency to find issues (I see streaks), this is a huge help. Anyway, best eye doc in the valley by far!
5	I've been going to Dr. Abbot since I was a kid. He's a great doctor, but he also goes above and beyond for his patients. Several years ago my mom had some scary eye issue on Christmas Eve. Dr. Abbot opened up just for her. Shortly after college I ended up with a virus that moved into my eye and caused some major complications. I didn't have insurance, but Dr. Abbot treated me for months of follow-up appointments and only charged me for one office visit. So, even though I've moved at various times and have lived 20+ miles away, I still will always go back to Dr. Abbot!
