5	Naked City opened up a few weeks ago and I've wanted to try it when a friend showed me their website.  I'm very glad I did.First off, the place is tiny.  There are a few stools and a bar to eat at so you should consider take out if you're with a larger group or if it's during the rush.I tried the Naked Royal which is a warm sandwich with Italian sausage, hot capicola, and fresh mozzarella cheese.  It was fantastic.  Great balance of flavor between the sausage and capicola.  It's served with your choice of homemade pickle, various pasta or potato salads, and homemade pickled vegetables.These guys make everything fresh on site except the bread.  Sides, pickles, and even freshly roasted deli meats.  As such, the choice of sandwiches is small but that's good because they can focus on quality.I highly recommend trying this place.  It's the sort of owner operated joint focusing on freshness that Vegas needs.
5	This place is setting the sandwich world as Vegas knows it, on fire. Every bite screams quality. As mentioned in another review, everything is made fresh. Though the bread is not, it is brought in fresh daily from recipes provided by these sandwich whiz kids, choices include kimmelweck, kaiser, and black russian swirl. At 1st glance this appears to be a smallish menu, which I guess it is. Brat, ham. beef, turkey and veggie sandwiches. Outstanding variety of toppings seem to override the minimalist selection of meats. There is a perfect meat to bun ratio. They don't try to impress with massive amounts of meat, they impress with flavor and quality. Each sandwich comes with a side of marinated veggies, which I am usually not a fan of, but these are a delight--you also get your choice of an additional side, and your choice of a honkin' dill or habanero pickle. The only side I have had thus far is the hot potato salad, which a killer taste sensation. Naked City Sandwich Shop is more of a take out place. There is a bar with a few stools facing a wall chocked full of classic Vegas photos, and a table or two outside near the parking lot. Hopefully this place takes off to a point where they can move a few storefronts down and offer more seating. Naked City Sandwich Shop could very well turn into a neighborhood institution and is welcome addition to a revitalizing Downtown Las Vegas.
1	Can somebody please tell me what all the hype going around this place is about? This tiny sandwich shop on Las Vegas Blvd. was recently opened by two chefs, one of whom is the chef at Diego restaurant in the MGM. My husband and I read a very positive review in the Weekly awhile back and decided to try it out. They were applauded for their house-cured and smoked meats, and the fact that everything ranging from pasta salad to pickles is made in house, except the bread. My husband is a big sandwich lover so was excited that there might be a unique new sandwich shop in town, and close to our house at that. The first time we ordered the Naked Chopped salad ($7.99) and the Naked Veggie sandwich ($8.99), which were both disappointing. The salad wasn't chopped at all but came with massive slices of so-so meat and a few boring vegetables. The Naked Veggie was served on semi-fresh pumpernickle bread that was so thick you hardly tasted anything but. The filling wasn't good either, with unseasoned veggies and a terrible eggplant "stuffing" (as if the sandwich needed more bread). We were disheartened to say the least but today decided to give it another try. They were still new when we first tried it so perhaps they needed some time to adjust. This time my husband got the Royal sandwich on a kaiser roll, that was still way too thick. The hot cappicola inside was good but basically it was an average sandwich that was too heavy on the bread. It came with a side of pasta salad that could have been great if it wasn't under-done and under-seasoned, a side of homemade giardinera (not bad), and a habanero pickle (spicy and tasty). I was  feeling under the weather so I ordered the tortilla soup ($3.99) which was hands down the worst tortilla soup I've ever had. It was completely one dimensional and tasted like tomato paste mixed with hot water. It is prepared with tons of avocado chunks (who likes that much hot avocado?) and the toppings consisted of cheddar cheese cubes, sour cream with chilies, and stale tortilla chips. You would think that a chef of a Mexican restaurant could make a decent tortilla soup but this was inedible. I had two bites and threw the rest away. I called to let the girl at the counter know how disappointed I was but all she could say was, "Did you add all the toppings?" "Yes, but it probably would have been better if I hadn't" I thought. Nothing could make that soup better. What we don't understand is why this sandwich place that is mediocre at best is getting all these rave reviews on Yelp! and other sites. If anyone has had a good experience there I'd love to hear it, along with a detailed explanation as to why. It seems to me that they need to stop spending so much time curing all their meats and start spending time making the food taste good.
4	Me and my sister went there yesterday for lunch.  Both of us had the tr-tip sandwich and it was excellent.  I'm thinking of going back right now!  I'll probably change to 5 stars after a few more visits.
5	I wouldn't go through the enormous hassle of going to this place when I have young children, but I do.  The drive from Summerlin (or anywhere else in the Valley) has been worth it every time.    I am recommending it tour our visiting CA guests, and I guess I must love this place if I am able to take the time to write a review while my toddler smashes tomatoes in my lap for fun.  I am not supposed to be eating food like this, but the Royal on weck tempts me every time.  I am aspiring to try out the soups instead of a sandwich, but just take the time to try this place out and you'll see why I keep going back.  In the last 10 years I have seen so many great places go in this town, and I hope that this place stays around for a long time to come...ever think of opening up a Summerlin location?
5	I tried Naked City Sandwich shop for the first time today after a trip to the Arts factory to trade sketch for a sketch with Alex Pardee and Dave Correia. Seems like locals are afraid to venture north of Sahara. Hear this, there is an amazing amount of gems downtown.  Naked City is now one of them. Next to the legendary Dinos it is a fantastic place to grab a delicious sandwich. The service was excellent and the sandwich was excellent as well. I had the Naked Veggie and my son had the Naked Royal. We both loved our sandwiches.  I am on my soap box a lot about how  how all establishments need to have at least 1 vegetarian option on their menu and not just some throw together garbage but a quality vegetarian entree. The Naked Veggie delivered. It was delicious.  A little messy  but filled with flavor. I had the fingerling potatoes and my son had the salad for the sides with the meal. We both enjoyed our sides. The pickles are dill or habanero dill. I tried the habenero dill and it was quite tastey too. It is on the pricier side for a sandwich but it is worth the price you pay due to the quality and flavor. Major props to using the Naked City name too. Good to bring the name back to the area.
4	Its a good sandwich. Wish they could heat them up to melt the cheese. The meal with the sides is a lot of food. I wanted the fingerling potatoes but he gave me the potato salad instead which turned out pretty good. I would give it another try.
3	A good sandwich to hit the spot after going to court for a speeding ticket! I got the tri-tip and my wife got the turkey.  I liked the salads and the sides that came with it too.  She had a lot more meat in her sandwich and the turkey was definitely better than mine but both were decent.It wasn't the most comfortable place to be eating but whatever.  This is a place for takeout orders.  I honestly couldn't imagine eating in their outdoor area unless you want a dash of desert dust and car exhaust on your food.You also get the homeless, downtown crazies that sometimes decide to drop by and yell at the staff saying "Give me my fucking jack back!" while slamming the counter.  Whatever the hell that means.  Like I said...TAKE OUT!! Good times.
4	After reading about this place in a Yelp Talk Sandwich thread, I decided to meet a few friends here for lunch.  Before we arrived, I scoped out the menu to see what I would order.  The sandwiches here are not your traditional sandwiches.  There are many non-traditional options to choose from such as:Bread - Kaiser, Kimmelweck, or Black Russian SwirlSides - Cold Mac n Cheese, Coleslaw, Cool Potato SaladThere are no fries or chips here friends.After some debate, I decided to get 2 sandwiches......The Fatboy (Twelve hour dry rubbed brisket on Kaiser with sliced habanero pickle, mozzarella and 'fatboy' spiced mustard sauce)The Naked Sandwich - Tri-Tip on Kimmelweck bread, Yellow Mustard, Lettuce, Tomato.Ok....The Fatboy was awesome.  Very tasty!  I also enjoyed the Naked Sandwich, but I thought the Kimmelweck bread was a bit too salty.Sandwiches come with a side salad, Giardiniera vegetables, and a pickle.  I thought the salads were good and the Giardiniera was awesome!  The pickle was very good too, but I had too much food so I didn't eat the 2nd pickle.Atmosphere - The place is a hole in the wall sandwich shop, so you're expectations should be very high.  Seating is limited to 3 stools inside on a counter and 2 tables outside that can accommodate 4 people each.  You're kind of screwed if you have a large group and they're busy.Parking - There are 4 or 5 spots in front of the shop....parking is tough, so carpool if you can.Will I return?  Absolutely!  I have my eye on a few other sandwiches already!
5	Now this is a sandwich! They roast all of their meats in house, they also make all of the sides and their own pickles, which are incredible. Everything on the menu is great, but my favorite is the tri-tip sandwich. The tri-tip is perfectly seasoned, roasted to perfection and is best piled high on a kimmelwick bun. The tomato bisque soup is liquid crack. They have all of the usual toppings as well as a great garlic mayo and a killer green chili mustard.  The food is fantastic as is the staff.
3	Note to self: next time I go to a place called a "sandwich shop," maybe I should order a sandwich?!Actually, my "Naked Chop" aka a chopped salad with turkey, greens, carrot, tomato, onion, and avocado wan't bad... it didn't blow me away either.  And it took awhile to make!  I was with Misti Y and we came here straight from the airport.  I must've worked up quite an appetite flying in from LA, because I was pretty hungry when we arrived... but I felt like a salad, so that's what I ordered.  It just wasn't the most filling salad around.  Hence, my "note to self" above...I'd give this place another shot and I suggest you do if you're in the hood, but take my advice - order a sandwich, not a salad!
4	I was very excited to hear that one of my favorite sandwich shops was opening a Pizza joint.  So there was no way I was going to miss out on the first day they open.  I worked out for 2 hrs in the morning in anticipation of the calories I planned to consume...ha!The restaurant is located inside Moondoggies video poker bar.  I was pleased to see that the menu was much larger than their sandwich shop....so I went big and ordered a Slice of Cheese, Slice of Pepperoni, Slice of the Pie of the Day (Royal, see menu pics for details), and an order of 3 Chicken Fingers.The Pizza came out first.  I tried the Cheese Slice first.  It is a thick crust.  The menu calls it Buffalo, NY Style Pizza....I've  never had this style before.  The pizza is loaded with Cheese....the crust is soft and doughy, not how I usually prefer my Pizza but it was good.  There is a good proportion of sauce.The second slice I had was the Pepperoni.  It has the small slices of Pepperoni and the best part is that the Pepperoni is slightly burnt...+1 in my book.  Again, good proportion of sauce and cheese.  Nice zing to the Pepperoni too.The third slice was the Royal, which was the best of the 3....no wonder it was the Pie of the Day!  Cappicola Ham, Italian Sausage, Mozzarella, and Ricotta goodness all in one Pizza Pie!!!!  The meats are very tasty and fresh....this combo went well together.  I am glad I splurged and went for it.The last thing to come out was the Chicken Fingers....they were good, not great. The sauce was Mild and the appropriate spice level.  The fingers were not the crispy style, but the soaked chewy style.  It was ok.Moondoggies is an older bar, so don't expect a great atmosphere....it's a video poker bar and it is not in the suburbs....and hasn't been Gentrified....yet. ;-)Will I return?  You bet your Naked Heiney I will!!! I want to try some of the other Pies and definitely the other Subs that they don't have at their Sandwich Shop.
4	I've never been to Buffalo, never ridden a buffalo, never had a Buffalo style pizza, but I can sure say I can make this place my home on the range. Located inside the dive bar that is Moon Doggies. So, right off the bat, if you are looking for a cute frou frou type place, it ain't happening here. This is about the pizza. So, "The Fatboy" was ordered--half sheet. Thanks to Pete's speedy review and pics, I was able to call in the order, giddy up. As is the protocol, if you want to eat inside Moon Doggies, you pick up your "to go" order, and pull up a table to enjoy your pie, that skirts the smoking law, yes smoking takes place here. You have 2 options, deal with it, or really take it to go. As soon as we cracked open the square box, the aroma of tomatoes and fresh basil completely infiltrated our mind, body and soul. OMFG, the pizza was astonishing. It seems to me NY pizza is kind of favored here in Vegas. This is not the same thing at all. The crust is thicker, a little soft with slightly crispy edges. It is all loaded with plenty of groceries, and I mean quality items too. WOW! Perfect ratio of crust, to sauce, to toppings. Check this out, we did not ask for, nor did we need any extra parmesan or red pepper flakes. The sauce is zesty, with a welcome kick. Daily doses of "The Fatboy" could keep me from being slim. The pizza itself is 5 star!
4	Who could have ever thought that Moon Doggies would be a culinary haven? But as improbable as the Naked City Sandwich Shop comes Naked City Pizza, and Chris Palmeri and P. J. Schaeffer are at it again. Palmeri is from Buffalo, and although we have never heard "Buffalo style" pizza as a culinary reference before, it is an interesting take - rectangular in sheet pans, a little thinner than a sicilian, but a crust with a nice combination of crunch and chewiness.The key here, like the sandwich shop on Las Vegas Boulevard, is the quality control and the use of top-notch ingredients. The first pie sampled was a good example - pepperoni that brought some real flavor, not just a fatty filler, and was cooked to the point at which the edges were a bit crispy, which added texture as well. First-rate roasted red peppers created a nice balance, along with plenty of good cheese. Generous portions also mean excellent bang for the buck.There is a pretty full menu available, with Garlic Rubbed Turkey, Honey Glazed Pit Ham, and Roasted Tri Tip Beef cooked fresh on site for the sandwiches, along with salads, pastas and cannoli made in-house. Even the Angus Steak Chili that has been on the specials board at the sandwich shop. But not sure how good the "dining in" experience will be (the first visits have been for carry out). Moon Doggies is what it is, which means that since smoking is allowed, there is not going to be table service (technically it is not a "restaurant"), and the atmosphere is not necessarily appetizing. You will have to ring the buzzer outside to get in, but once you have picked up your order, you are welcome to eat right there. But there is pretty easy access just off of Desert Inn, and they will be doing deliveries (a $2.50 surcharge). This is a very welcome addition to the Las Vegas scene, especially since the sandwich shop location is not the most convenient place to get in and out of.
5	Yes - I'm giving this sandwich shop five stars.  The sandwiches are tasty, the sides are amazing, and the pickles (garlic or habanero) are out of this world. The location is not what you would expect, but a trek into the Naked City to get a meal here is well worth the trip.
5	The Best. I order frequently and the quality and service is consistently excellent
4	This place has a great vegetarian sandwich. Its not the standard subway cold sub or the regular 'roasted vegetable/portobello' sandwich. I like to get it on the kimmelweck roll (coarse salt and seeds on top) with muenster cheese. The veggie filling is a mash glob of seasoned veggies. I kind of like how the veggies are sloppy style. Very flavorful!The tomato bisque, cold dill fingerling potatoes (when they make it with sour cream, NOT mayo), giardinaire (pickled veggies done well!) and the habanero giganto pickle are all so very good!Looks like they opened a pizza shop as well that I have yet to try... wondering if its just as unique and good?On a side note, just a few bar stools in the tiny front room and 2 outdoor tables... I usually do take-out.
3	Since my initial time here, which was great, I have gone  to Naked City 2 times since then.  The last 2 times have just been a solid OK. The food is still  slightly above average but no longer amazing and I tried the Tomato Basil soup the last time and it was slightly below average  to me.  You brought my expectations up and then right back down Naked City.The service  has been very good all 3 times I have visited but I felt the need to update my review as to not steer fellow Yelpers in the wrong  direction. The sandwiches are  OK to slightly better than OK.   It is better than Subway? Yes. Is it worth going out of your way to find? Not really anymore.The name  and old school pictures on the wall still get points from me. The inconsistency the last 2 times I have gone  and the above average prices deserves and update in stars. I am hoping this is a hiccup that Naked City can fix because I would love to see it do well. As of right now I don't feel its worth going out of your way to seek it out. If you happen to be in the area and want to make a trip downtown or to Luv-it then its worth trying out. The kimmelweck roll is damn good as is the Habenero pickle.  Now either the quality has to improve or the prices need to come down.  Get it together Naked City.
4	A heads up here - the Las Vegas Boulevard location is now closed, and the entire Naked City product line, sandwiches, pizza, pasta, chicken wings and all sorts of good stuff, is now found at the Naked City Pizza location, at Moon Doggies (3249 South Arville, just off of Desert Inn). The same quality ingredients, and the same quality control, is coming from the kitchen.
1	I love the Naked City Sandwich Shop on Las Vegas Blvd, but we went there last weekend and discovered it was closed and had now "merged" with the pizza place inside of Moondoggies.We went there today and placed an order for 1 sandwich and a 1/4 sheet pizza at 11:15.  25 minutes later, my husband went up to ask if we could have the sandwich out first if the pizza was taking a while to cook.  The only lady working in the kitchen replied, "I'm trying to get it all together."  20 minutes later, we still had no food.  We waited 45 MINUTES for a sandwich and a mini pizza.  Ended up just leaving because we were so hungry and frustrated, and the lady ran after us into the parking lot.The loooonnggg wait time, not to mention the fact that it's now inside a dirty, dark bar with people getting plastered at 11:15 in the morning makes me not recommend this place.  Sorry, Naked City...you have fallen from my good graces.
4	Went to an event at Moondoggies today which also happens to be the home of Naked City Pizza Shop. I am a huge fan of regional food, and having traveled across the us i have had many great meals in many cities. One thing I love about a transient city like vegas is many people miss food from home so they find a place out here or they open one.It appears the guys behind Naked City Pizza Shop went to Buffalo, stole a kitchen, and brought it back to vegas. The set up is a little odd, you order through a small window in the back corner of Moondoggies bar, grab a chair and a beer, and wait for your order.The menu screams Buffalo, Pizza, wings, pasta, and beef. I sampled the garlic Parmesan wings which were amazing. My fellow diners raved about their buffalo wing sauce (I don't like the traditional wings so I didn't try them). The wings were crispy and the garlic parmesan topping was flavorful and not overwhelming.I also tried the Pizza Logs...Imagine if an eggroll and a pizza had a delicious baby. They came out of the kitchen screaming hot, but after cooling a little they were devoured almost immediatley. Several people were having the Pizza which is served by the slice (square slices), it looked really good, but I wasn't there for the pizza I was there for the Beef.I had scouted the menu online and one thing kept jumping off the screen to me. The Beef on Weck sub. For those of you who are unfamiliar with Weck it's short for kummelweck a type salt and caraway seed crusted roll found in Buffalo. Be warned Kummelweck can be rather salty so if you don't like salt you may not like the sandwich, however if you don't mind taking a weeks worth of sodium in one sitting, this sandwich can't be missed.The beef is tender, the au jus is a nice addition, and they serve the horseradish on the side, which is great since I'm not a horseradish fan. They bake their own kummelweck rolls, and the large sandwich will set u back $10, but if you've wanted to get a taste of buffalo without the cost of a flight, you have to give it a shot.I will be going back for more wings, the fried ravioli, and much more of the menu, and a bonus the bar is pretty cool as well.
4	I went back to Naked City Pizza Shop inside of Moondoggies again to eat more of their menu, and as before I was not disappointed.This time I had the Pizza, it was a big square slice of pepperoni pizza, the crust not too thick and not too thin, kind of like handtossed at most major pizza places, but it's actually good, not processed frozen dough that the big guys have. I am a pretty big eater and I have to say that it was a bit of work to get through the slice, let's just say that it's not a small slice!!!I also gave the Pizza Logs another chance, last time they were a little chilly in the middle, this time they came out piping hot, after a little cooling, they were amazing...could be one of my favorite apps in town...imagine if a totino's pizza roll and an egg roll had a delicious baby.I also tried one of their chicken fingers, it was crispy and delicious, They have added chicken finger tacos to the menu, one member of my group had one, and let's just say it's on my list to try next time.This place is really starting to grow on me, the staff is nice, the bar is a great little dive bar, and the food is AMAZING. I only wish it was closer to my house
2	I had some serious high hopes coming into my "dining" experience at Naked City Pizza Shop in Moon Doggies. I'd heard a lot of good things about the wings, and being a massive wing fan, I was anxious to try them out.The Good:- The hot sauce was actually hot. (All too often, the hot level is barely medium.)- The hot sauce had a different and interesting flavor. Not your average tavern wing sauce.- The suicide sauce, of which I got a side of, was one of the best super-hot sauces I've experienced.- On the day I went, Naked City had partnered up with Fukuburger (food truck).- Moon Doogies itself is an ok dive bar.The Bad:- The wings themselves - the chicken - was not of good quality.- The wing sauces are very thin and liquidity. While the flavors are good, there is a lack of substance.- Everything comes "take out"-style. You can sit at the bar or a high-top table and eat, but you're doing so out of styrofoam containers and little plastic cups.- The wait for the food can be quite long.The Ugly:- The dipping sauces, ranch and blue cheese, were awful - among the worst I've experienced. (Good dipping sauces are a requirement for achieving good wing status.)Now, admittedly, I've only tried the wings here. The menu was intriguing enough that I anticipate a return visit, where I'll try the pizza and maybe some other items. However, given the quality of the wings (or lack thereof), I don't have particularly high hopes.
5	Excellent. Location is tricky for non-locals and the non-adventurous. It is well worth the walk or drive. The turkey and the tri-tip scream quality. I've had the royal (Italian sausage) and it was good but stick with the turkey and beef. Definitely go for the Weck.
2	It is easy to drive by this place,as the main sign is for the bar,as the pizza joint is inside the bar.. Which was very smoky,dark and a few locals hanging out. The cook was actually doing his paperwork at the bar,so he looked like one of the patrons? Anyway the food is ok, just too smoky to wit for your pizza and wings to go,as I would not sit and eat there,unless you like hanging out in a smoky,smoky,stinky bar,it just doesn't make the food taste good.. Staff was friendly, but I don't think I will go bk..More on their food- i did not get a pizza,but opt for wings, it was ok,nothing to write home about it. The portion are average, about the same for all places that serve wings and pizza.. It was hard to find the place because the sign for naked city pizza was very small and un -noticeable.As you see the reviews they are mixed and I cannot say it would be 4 or 5 stars either.. I got wings,because I was in a hurry to get in and out of there,,maybe if I ever go back I would try the pizza?
3	Good size pizza for the price...dough is made in house, the sauce needed something. Overall good pizza watering hole!!
4	I have friends that seem to frequent this place rather often.  I often see posts about them going there, without me, and I will be honest I get a little agitated. I have to tell myself that them getting it at 10pm or later is a good reason for me not to feel too bad about being excluded, but it stings. Maybe I have low standards for atmosphere, but I just do not care how a place looks as long as they produce good quality food and I am not in immediate danger of getting shanked. It is true that this establishment is located in a poorly light bar, but the drinks are cheap and the food more than makes up for it.I have only been there once, and I can only think about how delicious the Guinea's pie was. For me, the true test of a pizza is whether I am willing to eat it's crust. I am not a huge fan of crust because it can be too doughy or dry. With Naked City Pizza, I found that I was not a particular fan of the middle slices of the rectangular pizza because there was no contrast to the gooey toppings. This would be one of the first times that I did not force myself to eat the crust and just enjoyed it. The wings, I love wings and seem to always be in the mood for them. Ordering with friends that do not handle spicy food too well, we decided to go with hot instead of suicide. I found them to be delicious, although not as fiery as I would like. They still proved too hot for the sensitive individuals in our party, so watch out. When I get the chance I would hope to try the suicide and confirm if they are something to write about. We also had the cobb salad in a vain attempt to justify everything else we ordered. The crispy cuts of bacon, chunks of blue cheese and dressing was just a reminder of how delusional we were. The meal might not have been the healthiest thing for us, but it was delicious nonetheless.
4	The pizza shop that's located inside of Moon Doggies bar. Currently, my favorite pizza style...Buffalo rectangular sheet style pizza. I generally have stomach discomfort after eating pizza...but I feel great after consuming their pizza. I don't know why...I'm sure I'm a bit lactose intolerant as almost everyone is as they get older, but no stomach bombs after eating this pizza and I have eaten it a few times.I started frequenting this bar for football this year. Cool bartenders, cheap drinks and good pizza!Dream scenario? And it has happened, but not enough! When Fukuburger visits the parking lot...drinks and pizza on the inside, great burgers on the outside!
5	Oh yes, when you gotta have a slice or two, and you just want it to be ready fast and taste good, get yer butt over here. This is great 'za, and he'll make you what ever you want, by the slice. At $3/ea, I was full after 1, two slices and I wished I hadn't but it was just so goooood. I got 2 Royales. Next time going for the Guinea and the White. Get some fresh basil on top and you'll be smiling.
1	"I didn't know it was a take and bake pizza." I took a bite of the crust as I love a good crust and that bite was really yeasty/doughy. I looked at the dough where I bit and was still translucent so therefore still raw. I grabbed from the other side of the pizza my 2nd slice, without crust. That was cooked, but still needed to be baked for a better consistency. I looked carefully at the pizza and the dough was rolled unevenly so the sloppy base made for the uneven cook. Like Angela stated about the sauce- she had a slice with no sauce and I had a slice that I could see the sauce present without digging for it. Shouldn't have to re-bake or watch each bite for raw spots when Angela H and I were plenty happy to wait 20 minutes to get a 'za but could wait longer if it meant not rushing to get it done. I looked at the crust on peoples pictures and can see those are brown and toppings like pepperoni are crisping at the edges. Just so people don't think I'm just looking for something to hate (though my review pattern is rarely negative) please look at the pictures. I posted a piece of pizza with all the toppings off so you can see the crust thickness change and the pale pizza crust and bottom. I'm sure some people will say "it's just a bad day" but uneven pizza dough and sauce is careless and seeing the crust isn't even brown but choosing to box it up anyways isn't the pride and quality control I'd expect from a raved about place. Yes, I cook some shit wrong, made a new recipe and it sucked- not for lack of care but inexperience. I've cooked certain things over and over (like you do at a restaurant) and can keep a decent standard on such items because I baby it and won't serve what isn't at least cooked well.  It LOOKED good, SMELLED good on the drive back home, the toppings were quality, but if you don't have the dough down right, cooked right then it isn't a fucking pizza. Might as well put those toppings on some sandwich rolls so I can enjoy the nicely spice-y sausage bits, red pepper, olives and pepperoni. Grease doesn't bother me too much, but just a note there was a good amount of it to dab off. $17 for a large and the only consolation I suppose is the groupon. Also we got cheese bread which gives me visions of dough bits with cheese. We got a sandwich roll stuffed with some cheese, mostly spinach and chopped garlic. I'd be cool with a spinach sandwich but it needed more seasonings other than the garlic so it was just A-OK. The settings really don't help. Neither of us was aware of what Moondoggies was about and partly wasn't sure if we have the right place without any pizza indicators on the outside. Odd that there isn't even a little sign... Alright, odd that it's in a bar, but I can dig it like how some  PTs have Robertos tacos attached. It's not quite separate but connected to the bar situation, but just a window on the wall of the bar where you can order.  It was just an odd vibe for two ladies to walk into a bar full of men with a few stopping to look at what we were doing. Odd vibes and no real seating aside from the bar or pool table, we hightailed our plans of staying in and took it to-go. Takes a lot to make two loud, social with all kinds of people kind of bitches want to just go home instead of stay in a environment. It wouldn't have been a place we could have comfortable conversation. I don't get the hype. I don't know about second chances with this one.
4	Groupons FTW! I'll make this clear right now. I have not tried their pizza. I was there specifically for the Poutine.After zip lining down Fremont Street, we decided to hit up Naked City to use up my $20 Groupon. That got us a large Poutine ($5), 20 Hot Chicken Wings ($13), and a slice of cheese pizza ($2). The pizza slice was for my friend. I had no interest in trying it.So how was the Poutine? I can't compare to the Poutine I've had in Toronto because it's been a couple of years. For sure, it was Freakin' Huge. That's actually the size designation - Freakin' Huge (not "large" as I stated earlier). I'm not really sure if they use cheese curds, but it was yummy and gooey, albeit slightly salty after a while. It's definitely something you could share with a few people.The Chicken Wings were also good. It's not hard to make good wings, but I suppose it's not hard to mess them up either. My cousin said she really enjoyed them, but she admitted that she's been craving wings recently. I give them the thumbs up. They were pretty large too.Moon Doggies is not really a place I'm in a hurry to revisit, but if I'm ever craving Poutine again, I know where to go.
4	Groupon alert!As a Groupon addict, I'm always excited when they offer one for a place I've been dying to try. We decided to order a pizza for takeout, since we were feeling pretty lazy after an exhausting weekend of doing nothing. I decided on a Not so Wee Royal and a Wee garlic fries. I was tempted by the Poutine, but I'm just not a big fan of gravy and cheese. I ordered the pizza on the well-done side based on some previous reviews about the pizza being under or unevenly cooked. When I got the pizza home, I was excited to take a bite. I didn't find any of the crust or dough issues that previous reviewers had mentioned luckily, so I was happy about that. I adored the texture. It was chewy and I really enjoyed the sauce. The added touch of ricotto was delightful and added a sweet flavor to accompany the savory. I was very happy with this pizza. My fella, on the other hand, wasn't as impressed. He stuck mainly with the garlic fries, which were much more garlicky than I would like. If only they used real garlic instead of garlic salt and I would've been sold!All in all, I was very happy with my meal here. I have a feeling I won't be eating here too often, unless I go with a friend. Hehe.I look forward to trying more menu items here sometime soon.
5	I had the poutine. I was a little worried about this place when saw it because it looked like a run down bar. I ordered from the side. The poutine was good and fresh. curds with gravy and fries great. 3 for the small and 5 for the large. Unless you are eating with a couple of people get the small as I eat a lot but could not finish the food.
3	So my experience with the menu is somewhat limited - I've had the poutine twice and I had their sub of the month about a week ago. The sub was pretty bland which is hard to do with a hot wing themed sub.As for the poutine, I struggle to review it. I'd actually classify it closer to a cheese fries and gravy than a poutine. If you've eaten at a diner in NY or NJ, you've had this dish... fries with some sliced cheese melted over the top and brown gravy. While the flavor was decent (good gravy which is important) the fries definitely needed to be more well done - a good poutine needs crispy fries in my opinion. That said, this also isn't what I would consider to be poutine. A true poutine has nice cheesy curds located throughout like nuggets of gold that you discover and cherish like pirate's booty....Good, not great, but when I'm lookin' for a fix, I'll definitely go back.
3	I was on a groupon mission this weekend! I came here with a friend to try out a new pizza spot. After reading the previous reviews I was a lil worried about the pizza being undercooked. Sadly my pizza was a little burnt on the bottom...if it wasn't this would have easily been a 4 star review! We got the pizza to go, as we were feeling lazy! The bar was a dive bar and not as sketchy as I thought it was going to be. The guys that worked the pizza spot were super nice. The pizza was good...we got a caesar salad and the dressing was AMAZING!!! I'd go back if was near by...it's worth a try...
4	Ordered a massive pizza, sheet pan size. It was a deluxe type with all the typical toppings on it.  it was very good.  The group loved it.  If you need pizza for a group, this is the place for you.  Nice and spicy. About $30.  The cook was very friendly and conscious of his work, which is always good.
4	You'll find this grub inside a seedy yet surprisingly clean bar called moon doggies.  I told Chris, the Naked City Pizza Owner, I 'd be scared to patronize this joint at night. He is assured me it's cool...mostly industry folk.Took hubs and dad in for lunch.  Strangely enough, we didn't have any pizza.  I know this guy is from Buffalo so we decided to try his buffalo wings.  We also tried the steak frites sub (a special written on the board).  Dad had a chili cheese hot dog with everything and fries.The wings were good.  We ordered them "hot"  The were great!  Cooked just as I like them.Dad loved his hot dog.  It had chili, cheese, pickles, onions, jalapenos and so on.  He didn't love his fries.The steak frites sub was a monstrous roll coated with cheese and stuffed with garlicky beef, creamy horseradish, and skinny fries.  It was served with a side of peppery gravy to drizzle over the top.  The sandwich was excellent.  Lots of meat.  Perfectly seasoned.  Yum-o!Our lunch for three was $25 and we brought some home.I"ll definitely go back soon to try the pizza!!
5	06/12/11 DINNER.Having never been here before, last night I attended their PIG OUT, a 5-course presentation of food, buffet-style, created by the owner/chef and 3 fellow chefs from the LV area. The food was FANTASTIC, not even factoring in the VALUE the event turned out to be. I must come back just to try more pizza, but they should put that pappardelle and porchetta on the menu!
4	Alert - this business does not have the same menu as Naked City Sandwich Shop!!!  So there is no tri tip sandwich on the menu.  There is no kimmelweck.  Yelp transferred the reviews from Naked City Sandwich Shop here but it is a completely different menu!  The current Review Highlights are not accurate.That being said, pretty darn good food!  The pizza was awesome!  I'm usually weary of square pizzas as they tend to be too thin for me and lack flavor in my experience.  But this was good stuff! Thin crust, a little crunchy, and so flavorful.  I highly recommend the Fatboy.The subs don't really hold a candle to the Naked City Sandwich Shop offerings.  But the sub I got was pretty good.  The Stinger, which has steak and boneless buffalo wings, was inventive.  Note - the pizzas and subs share some of the same names so make sure you clarify what you want when you order.The poutine was pretty good (fries covered in gravy and cheese curds for the uninitiated).  I've never had poutine before so I have no frame of reference.  But the fries were excellent!  My favorite kind.  Skin on, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.  So yummy!Chris, the guy running the entire operation, took my groupon without a problem.  There were some unique specials on the board, such as pork ragu, so make sure to check the board beside the window before ordering.The restaurant will only deliver within one mile and I can't get the online ordering system to work, ever.  Even when it was Naked City Sandwich Shop.  It's inside a smoky Moondoggies.  Just look for the sign that says pizza by the slice.  I dig the food but it's not in my hood and video poker bars are not my thing.  Unless I can get a food runner service to deliver from here, sadly I think this will be an infrequent trip for me.
4	Met up with some friends for beers and grub pre-movie premeire.  We were not dissapointed.This is some good freaking pizza! Obscenities flew out of our mouths, uncontrollably, as we feasted.  So delicious! I am sure it depends what kind of pizza you like;  I like a fluffy doughy marvelous pizza.  Some people prefer that crappy crispy cardboardy stuff.  We had the guinea pie - Chris proclaimed it was his favorite.  My favorite now too! AMAZEing.  Meatballs, ricotta, garlic, fresh mozzarella. YUM.We also had poutine, and the pork ragu fettucini from the specials board which came with chewy, delicious garlic buns, and a zesty sald with vinaigrette.Just to finish of our carb fest, we ordered the fried. dough.  This does not such.  Warm chocolately powdered sugary goodness.So $32 for four people - is this a joke? Salad, pizza, buns, pasta with a pound of flavorful shredded pork, and fried dough?!?! What a deal!I'll be back asap!
5	Quite a few months ago I made a forum post on Yelp seeking my perfect pizza. Something with crust that's quite chewy, not undercooked, wet, floppy, or any of a dozen different complaints I can have with pizza in Las Vegas. Naked City was one of the suggestions in that thread as a place which might satisfy my pizza specifications.You see, I'm one of those people who, every time they read a review for a pizza place that starts with "As everyone knows, Las Vegas is a mecca for great pizza....." sighs in bogglement that my tastes are, apparently, so different from the LV mainstream with regard to pizza. I've searched high and low and nothing has perfectly fit the bill.That was until I braved Moodoggie's Bar to pick up a "Stinger" pizza with red sauce and entered pizza heaven. Let's not split hairs - the place looks scary, the bar is right out of the early 80s, complete with sit down Galaga coin-op. The "pizza shop" is a window looking into a tiny, slightly grimy-looking (though I'm sure that's just age and it's perfectly clean) kitchen. And yet somehow it all works to create my idea of perfect pizza. A thickish crust with not too much sauce of the kind that isn't overly sweet or overly gloopy. Delicious toppings, correct cooking time and wonderful taste. It all came together to produce a huge "not so wee" pizza that I inhaled in an evening.I can see why the place gets mixed reviews. Its appearance combined with the massive deviation from what most people seem to regard as "good pizza" is sure to throw a few cats among the rating pigeons, but if you're like me, and the thought of another sloppy, undercooked pizza that people tell you you're supposed to "fold up to eat", give Naked City a try. You might not regret it.
4	Naked City Pizza Shop, hidden inside Moon Doggies Bar.  I've been to Moon Doggies a few times over the years.  It's a nice dive bar with real character.  It's a good change in a town where it's hard to find such places.  Going here is a little intimidating the first time around, but definitely a fixture to this city.  Naked City is a welcomed addition to Moon Doggies; the previous pizza place that leased the kitchen was not that great and left the watering hole void of food offerings for a few years.  This was my 2nd visit to Naked City, and we just can't seem to get away from the daily specials that the chef has to offer.  (The chef is also the owner, waiter, delivery driver, and busser)  The special on our first visit was a hot roast beef dip.  The thing that set this apart from your average French Dip was the addition of horse radish sauce and a roll seasoned and toasted like garlic bread.  This was excellent.  The beef was also unique; it was roasted in house and cut thick, but still remained tender.  I hope this special becomes a regular item.The second visit we tried the pulled pork Bolognese.  Extremely flavorful, but may be too bold for some.  This was a deliciously refined dish, much too soigne to be served in a dive bar.  However, this fancy plate of pasta fit perfectly with the approach of Naked City, offering unexpectedly great food in a blue collar setting.  We also tried a few of the regular menu items between the past two visits:  The medium wings were very flavorful, but had a sweet note to them.  I'm a simple guy when it comes to me, so it wasn't my cup of tea.  The garlic knots were excellent, I really recommend.  The "Naked City" Pizza is very well executed.  We also tried the Poutine.  The Poutine is a must have and needs to go on everyone's bucket list as a must try before they die.Naked City is losing a star for the location.  Food is amazing, but the neighborhood is a little scary, and the bar is extremely smoky.  I must also warn everyone, do NOT order soda from the bar, I don't think they have every changed or cleaned their soda lines in 20 years.  Stick with the hard liquor or beer.
3	Went there twice in the past week, and ordered chicken wings. The wings were so small that I thought they were pigeon wings. C'mon... This guy is from buffalo, he knows that if he were to serve tiny chicken wing in Buffalo, we would have thrown it back at him (not literally). The flavor was there, its just that the size was a serious disappoinment. I think if he would have added extra wings to make up for the size I wouldn't be writing this..... PLEASE GET SOME NORMAL SIZE WINGS! or change your prices to reflect! We had 50 wings between 2 adults and 2 children. We ate the all and wanted more! When we go to your competitor, we usually have leftovers! Please make a change, because I dont want to go anywhere else. I like you r restaurant.
3	I heard they had poutine here, and I had to check it out for myself. Moon Doggies has a great atmosphere and good energy. I ordered the poutine to go, and they were clever, keeping the gravy separate from the fries and cheese, so the fries wouldn't get soggy as I drove home.Now, the only downside I can give is that they used shredded mozzarella cheese, instead of cheese curds, so when I dumped the gravy, the cheese became one big layer of melted cheese, instead of mixing with the fries as it's meant to happen.So, be sure to mix the cheese with the fries before you dump the gravy on, or just eat there and let them do it for you...either way, the fries are good, and the gravy is salty, which is how I generally like it. But, mixed with the mozz (which is salty, as well) it can be a little over-powering. So, be prepared for that possibility.Would I go back? Definitely. It's too good to let a few small issues keep me away.
4	Can only rate the pizza which I have gotten to go twice. First time I picked it up and it was very good. The guinea's pie has meatballs, ricotta, spinach, mozzarella and a white sauce but I subbed in a red sauce. Had a unique, almost lemony, taste that my husband and I enjoyed. A half sheet was enough for two meals. The next time we ordered the same thing delivered but it was not as good. My main issue was that there was little to no cheese on the outer slices and none on one of the corner pieces. Cheese is important on my pizza, next time I'll order extra. Still a decent dinner for not too much $ and I will be back.
5	Best pizza in town. And the poutine is great too
2	I wanted to try Poutine for my first time and this place is the only place I found that serves Poutine. Las Vegas magazine also mentioned this place as the best place for Poutine. The pictures looked amazing tooI ordered the stuffed mushrooms and of course Poutine. The stuffed mushrooms were tiny and it had way too much seasoning. As for my Poutine, it didn't look at all like the pictures people posted. I don't know if it was because the chef was having a bad day... but it was not smothered in gravy and there were barely any cheese curds! I tasted it and it also had too much seasoning. Pretty disappointed.Btw, this place is inside Moon Doggies. I was lost trying to find this location.
5	This is hands down the best pizza I've ever had in Vegas, NY, Chi or anywhere else. It is so delicious in every way and even smells AMAZING. The dough is made from scratch and you can't go wrong with any of the ingredients they offer. Most recently we enjoyed a pepperoni, mushroom and sausage pizza. There's nothing else like it. I'm usually not a huge sausage fan, but I couldn't get enough. I could have literally eaten the entire pizza myself!!!The incredible menu doesn't stop at the pizza. I've also had the stuffed mushrooms and wings, which were fantastic. I don't know how anyone could have anything negative to say about the mushrooms as they were SO delicious!!! I've never had better! I'm dying to try the pasta on my next trip!!! The menu offers far more options than your typical pizza joint and you can't go wrong with ANY of them. You must try Naked City Pizza!!!
5	Best pizza I've had in Las Vegas! The crust, cheese, and fresh thick cut toppings, just awesome. Wish they would bring back their Chili Cheese fries!
1	HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. (from "Diners, Drive-ins and Dives" to "Restaurant Impossible!") I understand slow/busy bar service - but this was straight up rudeness and we were ignored for over 20 minutes.we walked in (just two of us) in front of a group of four or so people. The group that came in behind us sat behind us as well, and they had their food before we even were acknowledged and got a glass of water.We tried asking the male waiter for water and he continued past us (ignored us!) and helped the table behind us, taking their order, bringing them several plates of food. The waitress then told us that the other waiter would help us. we were continued to be ignored.i felt bad that it was the waitress' first day, but the other waiter was of no assistance to her (or us), which made the entire establishment look bad. He kept walking past our table to serve and check on the group that came behind us.it took 20 minutes for a glass of water and an additional 5 to get my coke. we waited over a half hour for the garlic rolls (an appetizer) and about 50 minutes for a "wee" sized pizza. Meanwhile the group that came in behind us has had a "not so wee" sized pizza (medium), a couple orders or wings, etc. and the waiter kept bringing out plates for them while we sat with one glass of water. The group of people behind us finished and paid for their meal as our fricking appetizer was coming out.the ONLY reason we didn't just walk away is human courtesy to the poor waitress on her first day.Looks like this place needs to be on food network again for the show "Restaurant Impossible!" because the male waiter was a complete ass - either that or he was racist and ignored my boyfriend. I literally saw him make eye contact as we asked for help and he kept it moving to the group just past us...that came in after us!I will never come back, and i will never tell my out of town guests to come here.
4	Decided to try after watching DDD on foodtv. The food was AMAZING! We had the chicken finger dip (spicy Buffalo goodness!) Hot wings, the guinea pizza, and steak and cheese pizza. Everything was phenomenal! They had a delicious homemade ranch with the wings that I almost spooned out of the cup!The only issues we had was with the service. She was very nice just slow. Our appetizers came out the same time as our pizza which made a lot to eat at once. Our drinks sat empty a few times as well.Other than slow service we would recommend this place to friends. With a service warning label. Wish we would have found this place before we were about to have a baby!
1	I have to remind myself that this is bar and I am rating bar food. So I kinda feel silly because it is bar food, so maybe I shouldn't be so harsh? I came primarily to try the poutine fries, but of course also ordered a pizza. We placed our poutine fry order, and it took 30 minutes for them to come out, it was a small order and we were the only people in the dining area. Our server was always coming around checking on us, so I know it wasn't her fault for the delay, so we couldn't really figure it out. Was a little strange to get your app at the same time as the meal. As for the pizza, it is Sicilian style (rectangular) which I'm not a huge fan of because I like crust, so you have an entire mid section of pizza that is all alone because I eat around it. We ordered half margherita and half back home. When the pizza came out it looked good, but as I got a couple bites in, it started to taste gross. They bake the pizza with the basil on it instead of putting it on after, so the basil is wilted and burnt, the tomatoes tasted canned and the cheese was gross to look at after 15 minutes, it became hard and formed, and the crust had an overwhelming taste of yeast, clearly not quality ingredients. Again, I realize I'm at a bar. My stomach has been a little upset since I ate. The two things this place has going for them is the Pandora station they play and the poutine fries, but I'd never come back and wait 30 minutes for them.
3	Edible,but a D for dives is appropriate.No windows ,hard to find and service is slow.It took about 15 or 20 minutes to get a diet coke after I ordered it.I had a wee Sicilian and a capicola and sausage sub,both were good,but the cap was a bit dry and could have used a marinara sauce to balance it out.Northeastern comfort food done well.
5	This place is delicious. It's a total dive... located inside a little bar on Arville near Chinatown. Don't expect your dining experience to be glamorous. Also, we were very confused as to how it worked- we didn't know we could get a waitress, so we stood at the window waiting for someone to help us. They were short staffed, but the waitress was very good to us- she even took time out of her busy day to take a picture of my friend and I by wall of shame they have.Now, about the food.... It's really out of this world. We tried to the buffalo chicken dip- superb. I really loved it. It comes with hunks of fried chicken fingers in it, with plenty of pieces of their yummy flatbread for dipping. And the pizza... oh my gosh, really really good. We got the Back HOme pie, topped with their housemade sausage and yummy pepperoni. It was mind blowingly amazing.I washed it down with a 2.25 bud light- can't beat that deal. you can't beat these prices. I suggest everyone tries this place- maybe when the DDD hype is over : )
4	Mom and I ordered the Philly Cheesesteak Rolls for a starter. They were the bomb! Sweet and hot peppers, steak, cheese, and onions all deep fried in egg roll wraps. What's not to like? Pizza with pepperoni, meatballs, and hot peppers was also really good. The restaurant itself is 8 or 9 tables tucked into Moon Doggie's dive bar. The bar itself has a funky stale smell, which does interfere somewhat with the taste of the meal. Those rolls though! Couple orders to go, and you'd be set.
2	PROS: - Good pizza- Relaxed atmosphere- Off the busy stripCONS:- slow service when more than 3 tables are filled- it's SO dark inside- miscalculated check DOUBLE CHECK YOUR CHARGES!!Pizza was yummy. I tired a Build Your Own, and the Guinea's. The Guinea's lacked the garlic flavor I was expecting, but the Build Your Own pizza we ordered was delicious thanks to the sauce and dough. The dough is crisp, yet doughy inside. Here are my ratings (1 - 10, 10 being highest) for items i tried:Build Your Own: 8Guinea's Pizza: 5Suicide Fries: 7Garlic Fires: 3 (needs garlic!)Chicken Wing Dip: 7I was very UNIMPRESSED about the check. Our group ordered a number of items from the menu and many of them were charged incorrectly on the bill. There were items that were $0.25 - $7.50 overchared.  Also, tax was incorrectly calculated as well. The waitress told me that each item price on the check included tax, but this was obviously incorrect since some items on the checked actually matched the menu price, while others were higher than the menu price. I hope the manager(s) decides to convert to a computerized system.
4	I am a native of Buffalo, NY and heard about this place when I first moved here, but live in Henderson so I've been a Santora's Sunset bar and Grille faithful for the most part.  Since Santora's closed (reopened under a new name, shut down and reopened under Santora's w/o Buffalo food ), I've been feening for some good "back home" food.  We saw the DDD episode and my BF's friend wanted to check the place out so we went this past weekend. Waitstaff is friendly, but service is a bit slow. I'm not sure if they were shorthanded, but the owner of the place does step in to help clear tables and such.  The menu made me hear Angels singing from the heavens.  They have pizza logs which are cheese and pepp w/ a touch of sauce wrapped in an egg roll wrapper and deep fried. They also do Philly cheesesteak logs...same theory. Chicken wing dip is something I make frequently for my friends out here for parties, so we skipped that.  Was delighted to see chicken finger subs and the Stinger!   Was disappointed however to get the chicken finger sub and it didn't have lettuce, tomato, or cheese /onion on it as I was expecting :(    The stinger is cheesesteak, chicken fingers on a sub roll with traditional toppings. The wings were just like home, crispy on the outside, juicy in the middle...however some people think they're overcooked because they're used to the wings being soft all the way around out here, and honestly, that's not the way Buffalo does them people.  Crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Hot sauce is actually hot!  It's just like home. Normally, I'd order hot out here and get something along the lines of medium but this place does it right!   Now, the pizza. I've been struggling to find good pizza out here and the best I've had thus far is Mama Mia's on Buffalo near Flamingo, or Northside Nathans.  This place does a good crust.  The crust actually rises and is airy and soft.  The toppings are fresh, and the sauce is not overly acidic or sweet with tons of tomato paste.  I tasted home.  :)    Next time, I'm going to get the poutine fries which are french fries topped with brown gravy, and cheese curds on top of that. It's more of a Canadian dish, but Buffalo NY being so close to the border of Canada, we know what it is and it's great!  Will definitely be back to watch our football team lose yet again this season, and drink cheap beer $2.00 bud/bud light drafts or bottles during games. Same story for the Sabres.
5	I was on the road looking for Lola's and I had the wrong address.  Luckily I had my laptop with me and I had to go to a McDonalds to use their "free" WiFi.  Well.... I felt compelled to buy something so I got a quarter pounder meal deal for about $7 just to use their WiFi.  I found I was closer to Naked City Pizza, so I decdied to try this place.  I walk into this dive bar where it so dark, it took time for the eyes to adjust.  I asked where the restaurant is and they said I'm standing in it.  I sat at one of about 6 tables and proceeded to be shocked by what was being served in that environment.  We're talking white china style plates with silverware.  No paper plates and plastic forks.  I had the caeser salad which was very good.  The dressing tasted homemade, but can't be sure.  I had the garlic cheese buns and the small Royal sandwhich.  The buns are incredible. They are just pizza dough rolled with garlic and cheese.  Baked and served with a marinara dipping sauce.  They serve 5 per order.  This was great becasue they are fresh out of the oven. I only ate one and took the rest to my hotel.  My Royal sandwich was on a nice toasted Italian roll with their homemade sausage.  The fennel flavor of the sausage was WOW.  All that food for about $20.  Don't be afraid to walk in this dive looking bar. The food is well worth it.
4	Hmm suicide fries!! everyone around me knows am in for anything that is super spicy and hot! So when i seen suicide fries on DDD i said  "that's the place i am gonna try" believe me its all that and a bag of suicide  fries!!!!!!! So let me stop talking about the best spicy fries i have ever had and talk about the rest of  my visit! My hunny and i were excited to visit this place so we did not let the negative yelps stop us from doing so, and boy were we happy!! The service was great the waitress gal who helped us was a pleasure and very informative, the beer was cheap and cold and my salad was super yummy with ingredients you don't find at your nearest dennys!  Now lets talk pizza when i heard ny buffalo u imagined ny pie, but nope the pizza is a thick crust with fresh ingredient and probably super yummy for the thick crust lovers, i don't care for thick crust so i don't want to judge the pizza based  upon my bias!  all together we loved this place and will be returning during our next  Vegas stop!! wait i forgot to mention all ingredients are super fresh and your dish made to order!!and wait i forgot one more thing SUICIDE FRIES ROCK!!!hehe
5	We have lived right across the street from here for years and have never tried it. We heard they were on food network and they had done renovations so we finally decided to try it. It was better than we expected. It is a full bar with tables and it's 21+ only. We sat down on the tables and was greeted by the server and she right away got us water as it was 100+ degrees out. They bring a big glass bottle of filtered water to pour yourself which I thought was good so u don't have to wait for refills. We ordered the poutine fries the wee size was perfect size to share, meathead sub full size, and wee size guinea pie. All of the food was delicious! The fries were cut thick and fried perfectly, covered in brown gravy and cheese and fries weren't even soggy. The meathead sub was awesome! It's brisket with pickles, mustard and melted cheddar cheese. All the flavors melted together perfectly, they put a good amount of meat and the brisket was super moist and juicy, even the sub bead they used was crisp on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside. The pizza was rectangle and cut into 6 pieces we could only eat 2 bcuz we were so full. The pizza had spinach, ricotta, mozzarella, slices of sausage meatball, and garlic cream sauce. The crust on it's own was great, it was like having a soft chewy breadstick at the end, perfect for dipping. Food came out pretty fast but there werent too many ppl ordering food at the time. The waitress was attentive and helpful with the menu. I'm pretty sure we'll become regulars lol
4	My husband and I were visiting for the weekend and we have a friend who is a local so we decided to give NCP a try. It is hard not to be skeptical when you walk in because it is very much a dive bar. But wait, did I just eat one of the best salads of my life here? A regular side salad? Why yes I did. Shocking? Why yes it was. We also ordered the garlic fries (thick-cut, had good garlic flavor and parm cheese on top), as well as the the Guinea Pie and Naked Pizza.  I shockingly wasn't a big fan of the homemade meatballs on the Guinea Pie, they were a bit greasy and fatty tasting for me. But the Naked pie was incredible. Our server was a riot, too. Overall I was pleasantly surprised.
4	Don't judge a place by it's cover, once we got past the outside and our eyes adjusted inside it was a fun little dive to eat at.  The food is delicious.  My husband and I decided to visit NCP after it was featured on TV and it was worth it.  The servings are huge, believe me you want as small as you can get.  We weren't going to get an appetizer, but our waitress suggested the fries and they were delicious.  The pizza was great too, especially the garlic crust, we would definitely go back again.We had great service and enjoyed this place.
4	I probably shouldn't talk about this place. I should probably never admit that I go here alone sometimes in the afternoon and do very shameful things here. All the food at Naked City is bound to kill you! If you're low carbing it, the chicken wings are awesome! That being said, why would you ever stop there? If you're going to walk into this smoky shit hole and brave the shitty heavy metal usually playing on the jukebox, you must eat everything you possibly can! The "Steak In The Grass" sandwich is amazing! Thinly sliced steak, garlic, and a little spinach oozing its sweet juices into one of the most perfect baguettes in Las Vegas. This sandwich will inspire countless trips back to Moon Doggies, you'll repeatedly brave the cigarette smoke and trashy clientele just to taste this forbidden treasure. Everything else is good, I've tried the gluttonous Poutine and the Pizza piled up with gobs of cheese and delicous little pepperonis too!  I was excited to see Poutine here as I first fell in love with this dish in Montreal one drunken night. For those that have never had french fries covered in Veal gravy and cheese curds, this is a heart stopper! The guy that runs the joint is really passionate and takes pride in what he does, he must be a real sick man! You too should go sometime when you're feeling like having a shameful pigout or if you just need the healing which can only come from overeating while flirting with the sweet and slightly trashy bartenders that work here! Oh Lord! Please have mercy on me for admitting this!
4	This was a fun place.  The service was excellence.  I'm glad triple d put this place on tv - it was worth it.  We give it a 4 out 5 just because the seating was tight.  We went to UNO pizza in Chicago and sat on the other side of at two seat table that was big enough for a goldfish, kind of reminded us of that....
4	My co-worker wanted to try this place after seeing it on some Food Network show; she came back with this huge pizza that had lots of cheese, huge slices of sausage, spinach and ricotta cheese. I have to say it was a pretty good pizza, it would have been AMAZING if it had some garlic added to the sauce. And the corners seem a little neglected from the sausage. But overall I am very happy & satisfied and would definitely try their food again! My mom used to go to Moon Doggies all the time for the drinks/gaming, I'll continue the tradition but instead of gaming it will be to eat!! Can't wait to try the fries, sandwiches, etc... And if they have Italian desserts then they'll never be rid of me!
3	A total dive, but I like dives. I had a restaurant.com certificate for nearly a year. I kept forgetting about the place. A friend seen it on DDD and went for pizza. He didn't like it, but it served as a good reminder for me to check it out.Our waiter recommended the buffalo chicken dip, it sounded delicious so they got started on that right away. It was freakin' fantastic. Loved it!The husband had chicken parmesan sub which was good, but nothing out of the ordinary. I had the Royal which was named a best bite by LV Weekly 2010 and a 10 Best Sandwich in 2012. A sub with Italian sausage, cappicola, mozzarella. It was way TOO salty. Seriously, salty. The cappicola was the culprit. Once I peeled that away it was an OK eat. Not the best of anything... but that chicken dip; I'd return for that alone.
3	Yes this is in a bar you are not mistaken!Pros-Pizza was great, and the heavy male server was super nice. However the suicide fries that are highly recommended may have been good if I could feel my face again after the first bite! Soooo hot!! The waitress (prior to mr. nice server guy) didn't warn us. They did take it off the bill since we couldn't eat them. Good deal. Cons- The place is a total dive bar and is smoky on the inside. It was early and I didn't feel nervous but I bet the night crowd could be a little...um...less than nice. I admit I'm a non-smoker, so waaahhh, but if you don't want smoke in your pizza taste - get it to go.
4	Bookmarked this place for our Vegas visit during Labor Day weekend after seeing in on DDD, and it did not disappoint!  This review is for our  food "to-go" since we had the kids with us and the bar does not allow anyone under 21.  Also, the bar allows smoking, so even if we could, I don't think we would've dined inside. We ordered the "Fatboy" pizza which is a meat-lovers dream!!!  I highly recommend it.  We also ordered a wee-size "Pizza Bianco" which was a dissapointment - I'd tried better versions.  But the star of all stars is the "Suicide Fries" as it definitely lived up to the DDD hyped!  I will definitely make an effort to order from this place next time we're in Vegas and look forward to trying other selections.
4	Checked out this place after seeing the latest Diner's Drive-in's and Dives. Had the suicide fries, they were Really spicy (in a good way), needed to down a gallon of milk on this one. The pizza was OK.
4	Food was really good!  Pizza was delicious.  Suicide Fries were great, not for the soft pallet for sure. Bar feel with good range of drinks.  Mostly a whiskey bar and not with cocktails.
2	Came here because of DDD also, but found it disappointing. The suicide fries had nothing unique on them. It could have been a jarred suicide sauce for all I knew and was not that hot. Ordered the Stinger pizza and couldn't find/taste a couple of the ingredients (blue cheese, chicken finger hot sauce). Drinks were fine. Service was slow even though they weren't that busy on a Monday night.
4	The fries at this place are off the hook. We tried both the suicide fries and the garlic fries. Both were dynamite. Would definitely return.
5	I cannot express how awesome this food is! The owner Chris is extremally friendly and attentive to details and you can tell there is a lot of pride in their food! DO NOT MISS the Buffalo Chicken Dip on the app menu. I wanted to lick the bowl! Also- if the special that week/day is the homemade pretzels.... order 2 or 3 orders. He makes Auntie Anne's pretzels look foolish :) Yes- its in a dive bar....but thats part of the appeal. Just go with it and enjoy the experience!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Best pizza in the city! Suicide fries are BOMB! The bar gets busy at completely random times so you never know how long of a wait for beer or food, but the staff run their butt of making sure efveryone is taken care of. If you only go to one place in Vegas, make this your stop!
5	Sweet jesus, I'm in love with Naked City. The pizza is thick, bubbly, and just the right amount of browned. The cannelloni was fantastical. Everything I have tried is absolutely delish! The suicide fries are not to be underestimated, bring Tums and order them! Also, they offer pizza by the slice, I got pizza and a drink for less than $5.00!  Digging this place, big time!Note, you must be 21 to enter restaurant due to it being in a bar.
5	Italian sausage, mushroom pizza! Mmmmm!
5	My husband is in the military so we move around a lot. I'm originally from Buffalo, NY (home of awesome hockey and football and amazing wings!) and it's so hard to find pizza and wings that are actually good outside of the Buffalo area! There's NY style pizza, Chicago style pizza, real Italian pizza and then somewhere in the middle is Buffalo style pizza. Bubbly doughy crust, sauce that's not to acidic and not too sweet, the perfect ammount of nice molten cheese and little pepperonis that curl up and get nice and crispy. You can't get it outside of Buffalo unless you are from the 716, move and then open a shop. And that's exactly what happened! Saw this place on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives after just moving to Vegas and I hightailed it to this dive bar with the best pizza and wings west of Buffalo. It's really the ONLY place to get good wings. And probably the only place outside of Buffalo you can get a chicken finger sub (which is the best of both worlds!)! They have Loganberry (a HUGE hit with me!) and make inhouse blue cheese sauce. As long as we are stationed here, I will be going there for my pizza! ONLY complaint is that they don't have Costanzo's rolls :(
4	We decided to give this place a try after seeing them on DDD. We went in on a Monday night so the place was pretty quiet and were greeted right away. My wife and I are big fans of spicy food so we had to try the suicide fries. On a scale of 1 to 10, I would rate the fries a solid 8. They are killer... we couldn't stop eating them! (the next morning was a different story, however :) We also tried their Naked City Pizza which was done right. The crust was perfect along with the cheese and toppings. We ordered the "not so wee" which is a medium and it was more than plenty for two people. Finally, the price was more than reasonable for the quality of the food. Give them a try next time you're in Vegas, I assure you their food beats any of the expensive junk they serve at casino buffets.
4	The pizza was amazing!  Took a star off because it's in a bar, so limits it to a babysitter night.  If it were closer I would do take out.  So sad because it was seriously yummy pizza.
4	Drove by this place several times on my way to work, finally decided to check it out for lunch.  Didn't realize before that the restaurant itself was IN the bar, but it really wasn't that bad.  It's a little dark, but the place isn't horrible to be in overall.   Ordered a "Wee" sized pepperoni pizza which was HUGE.  It fed me and my girlfriend and we still had two slices left over.  I caught a glimpse of the famous Suicide fries on the table next to us, so I decided to ask the waitress exactly how hot they were.  She said, on a scale of 1 -10....  she would rate them at a 10 1/2.  She offered me a sample of the suicide sauce that the fries are smothered in and I accepted.   Just a small taste of the sauce warmed my entire mouth and my throat.  The sauce tasted amazing and despite the heat, I still couldn't resist dipping some of my pizza crust in it throughout the meal.  Since my girlfriend doesn't appreciate spicy food like I do, we went with an order of the garlic fries.  You could tell they were homemade and they were AMAZING.  Hot salty fries with fresh garlic and covered in Parmesan Cheese and spices. Took one star off because of the service.  The waitress was really nice, but she never asked us if we wanted a drink until our food was almost gone, and I couldn't get her attention at all throughout the meal. Seeing that my mouth was still on fire from the suicide sauce, I almost jumped the bar to get my own.  However, when she did come over she was really nice and was quick to help us when she did finally notice.  Also, place was really cheap.  We ordered the Wee sized pizza, two drinks and some garlic fries and the total was $20. Being that I live so close, I will definitely be coming back here to watch some football games, enjoy a beer and get some amazing food.
4	Start here: Naked city is a dive. It's inside Moon Doggy's bar, which is a divey sports bar. But! If that doesn't detour you, then the pizza is awesome and drinks are cheap. We sat at the bar, which I recommend, and our bartender was friendly and  cool. Our food came out quick, and the pizza was excellent. If you're a fan of thick crust, bubbly pizza with a brown crust, this is the pizza for you. And, it's huge. The wee is HUGE. The other size I'm sure is bigger. Bring your friends to help you finish, and have a few cheap drinks!
1	This place is definitely located in a dive bar.  Ordered a round of wings and Guiena pizza.  The wings were good, good amount of sauce and they were large in shape.  The pizza on the other hand was crap.  Pizza had no flavor or taste.  The Crust is very thick.  I would skip this place.  Guy Fieri got this place wrong!
2	Tried the wings and was pretty well disappointed.Sauce was forgettable and the homemade blue cheese sucked.Watery and totally lacking in flavor.Salad and celery sticks were dreadful and wilted.
2	I have been here a couple times before and its been so/so - HOWEVER this time around they were a bit busy and the waitress was VERY rude. She kept putting her hands in the air saying how busy she was and ignored us on multiple occassions.I will rate next time I go to give them one more shot
1	went to this place today and the service sucked very bad experience and left them a message and they deleted my post ...did not serve us because color of our skin very racist treatment today
4	My time these days doesn't really allow for writing many Yelp reviews anymore, but I had to chime in with a four star review for a solid Las Vegas spot.Unfortunately it seems that anytime Fieri stops by, the idiot reviewers come out of the woodwork. That's really the case here on Yelp, so let's clarify some things:1) Yes, the restaurant is in Moondoggies, a bit of a dive bar.  That's mentioned ahead of time in all the press, so you're lame if you're going to ding them a star because you had to get a babysitter or you didn't like the vibe. The rest of us enjoy the booze, the Bills (not really, but you get the point) and the surroundings.2) Yes, the suicide sauce (and fries, I assume) are spicy! I'm not really sure how one would think otherwise. Go to Tex Wasabis if you wan't faux tasting food. 3) Yes, this place is serving up a Buffalo-style pie. It boggles the mind how people just come in and say "not very good pizza" without more because they have no respect for the different types of pizzas one can get.Alright, now that's all out of the way, so what'd we get that made me rant and rave so happily?Stinger pizza - Absolutely delicious. One problem with Vegas eateries is that places often try to be trendy by throwing gut-busting ingredients into a dish without any conception for how they go together or how they leave you feeling. The buffalo chicken, steak, peppers and cheese on this dish seem like they'd have that problem (and might, if you eat the whole pie) but a slice on its own has an awesome flavor profile.Royal sandwich - Simple, tasty and done right. Makes me miss their sandwich shop back when it was downtown. If you like great food and know you're okay with a certain vibe, go...you won't regret it. If you don't, that's fine too...but don't write an unfair review of a place as a result.
4	Let me start by saying that I did see this place on DDD. My girl and I make it a point to try at least one place recommended in a City by Guy. It's killing me that people are slamming this place for being a Dive, when they were warned, told, cautioned or whatever Word you want to use, that its a Dive. Sorry, I hate bad reviews for an Owner trying to make it and somebody slams his dream and future success for nothing. Rant over. That night we had a Wee size Steak and Cheese Pizza, Ceaser salad (small) and Sicilian flavored wings. The Pizza was very good to judge it by Pizza Hut standards is just not fair. This Pizza from dough to oven looks hand made and the taste is the same. The cheese could have more generous but the flavor for what we had was amazing just as it was. The salad was good. Not your typical Ceasar but very good. Now lets talk about the wings, THE SICILIAN WINGS WERE ARGUABLY THE BEST FLAVOR COMBINATION I HAVE EVER TASTED. we had an order of 8 and as stuffed as we were I wish we had ordered more. Do yourself a favor and try them. Ambiance was as a Bar should be. Minus the Bills decor ( Saints fan here) lol. We can't wait to go back and this time we'll skip the salad to make room for more Wings. Or maybe just order more wings. Lol. Great place. Service was just as you would get in a Bar and very knowledgable about the Menu. Try this place. If you have kids order ahead and take it back to your Hotel, you won't be sorry.
4	On a recent trip to Vegas for a conference a co-worker mentioned leaving the strip and heading out to a pizza place he saw on DD&D.  I have only gone to one recommendation from DD&D because it was local to me and was several disappointed that nothing I wanted was on the menu.  The co-worker did not remember what Guy had ordered so we had to ask the embarrassing question to our server just to ensure the super fan with us got the full DD&D experience.  We ordered medium wings, suicide fries, and a pizza.  The suicide fries were hot, I mean sweating profusely hot but not too hot to eat.  What do you expect from a dish named suicide?  We ate every single fry and after our mouths had cooled we craved that spice again.  The pizza was doughy for my taste but still enjoyable as a great followup to our spicy fries.  The wings were good as well but I not a big buffalo sauce fan so the rest of the group ate those while I scooped up any last remnants of those fries... The only wish I have for the place was more options for beer.  I asked the server if there was any special beers and she named Shock Top as an option.... I ended up ordering a forgettable local brown ale.  I do know that not ever bar/restaurant is going to cater to my beer needs so I can't fault them entirely but... I can hope that maybe the next time I am there something better will sneak onto the menu.   Overall I was very happy we stopped here and if I find myself in Vegas again anytime soon I will head over to enjoy those fantastic fries.
5	I've loved in Vegas for over 8 years. I finally just heard about this "dive" and decided to give it a try. Naked City Pizza didn't fail to deliver. 4 of us shared a pizza "home style pie" I think was the name? It was awesome. This is square cut pizza that has a great sauce and a thicker than average crust. SUPER tasty. The real gem here are the home made fried. We ordered the garlic and the divide fries. I got the sauce in the side after yelp warnings. Which was perfect advice. These are in fire! But sooooooo good. I kept some sauce for my crust too. But I dip one too many times because my mouth got so hot I had to make an emergency bathroom trip because I thought my mouth was going to burn me to death. With that being said, this place rocks. And contrary to some reviews, our service rocked. VERY nice and efficient wait staff. Ill be back many times to come in the future.
4	We returned for that deliciously sinful buffalo chicken dip. We also ordered a half sheet of the Pizza Bianco. Three of us filled up and we still had a few slices leftover. We reheated them the next day and I'd say those slices were even better than fresh. Nice flavor, thick crust. I wouldn't hestitate to order it again. I'm told the Bacon & Eggs is really special. I might just have to give that a whirl.
1	Searched for gravy fries or "poutin" in Las Vegas and came up with this place.French fries, gravy and cheese...simple enough yet not offered in most places on the west coast.I walked into this place and wanted to walk back out. Moon Doggies is a smoked filled local dive bar that houses a pizza shop inside. I was determined to get my poutine fries and ventured inside. Finally put my order in after standing at window for only 15 minutes, I figured how bad could it be?Fries were greasy, gravy was something I could have heated up from a jar, cheese curds looked like tapioca balls that I thought were supposed to melt into a gooey cheese blanket but alas no. Overall, a disappointing but should have known better from the looks inside experience.Will not be returning to this dirty dive. If you do go, get a HEP shot beforehand.
4	People seem to love dive bars and I'm not really a big fan.  Maybe it's because I'm getting old and crotchety.  I did like this place though and not everyone in the bar seemed like they wanted to punch me in the face when I walked in, so that was nice.  I knew what to expect before walking into Moon Doggies and had been looking forward to trying this pizza for a long time.  It was my heavyset brothers that finally got me to go and I'm very glad I did.I expected the service to be downright garbage and was very suprised to have an attentive and polite waiter.  We order two Not So Wee pizzas along with some Pizza Logs and Poutine.  The pizza logs were incredible but the poutine was a little cold in the middle.  It still tasted good but cold cheese is not something on my 'favorites' list.  The pizza were great as well and this has to be one of my favorite types of crust ever.  Fairly thick but also pretty light tasting.  We were all big fans of this place and were very glad we came.I think Naked City Pizza has a good thing going but it would be nice if they could get their own stand-alone place.  That's just me.  I would love to stop in here for a pizza again in the near future.  We brought a pieces home to my wife and she loved it as well.  Very good stuff!
3	Good people.Good food.However:I once ordered pizza, and requested that the crust be made "thinner than usual". The response was "grunt...ok...i'll try...grunt".Well it was still way too thick...and bready.It must be a Buffalo thing.They're not good at posting their specials online, either on facebook or their website, so you have to call or visit to figure out what the daily special is.I've been wanting to try one of their "Turducken  Burgers", but I can never figure out when they're available.It must be a Buffalo thing.After this review, the next time i go in, they'll probably kick my ass.That's definitely a Buffalo thing.(I'll wear a disguise.)
3	Bianco Pizza- mozzarella, fontina, and parmesan cheese due business with some rich and creamy ricotta cheese and a housemade garlic sauce that will blow you away.  Better yet, its a classic brick oven style rectangular pie.  Pizza is a must here.If you are really up to the challenge, bring along a few buddies that don't mind a little spice in their life, take down an order of fries or Buffalo wings made by a chef from Buffalo, New York covered in their super spicy 'SUICIDE' sauce.  This stuff is addictive, you will not want to stop eating them but once you do, the after burn is worse than the initial heat.  May need a beer or two to cool this inferno inside your body.  Great place to stop in if in the area or if you would just like to step away from the craziness of the Vegas strip.
5	Went here once and had the ginny pizza, wow just mind-blowing. Would go back again and again. Service was great, and they have some nice wines.
4	I saw this place on The Food Networks Diners Drive Ins & Dives. So I said I have to try it. The suicide fries are awesome. Hot & flavorful.Just right. The pizza was some of the best I ever had. I had the Guinea Pie. Our waitress was Teresa. She was very friendly & helpful. We enjoyed this place so much we even bought their T-shirts. I will definitely return for a great meal at good price & friendly service.
4	Om nom nom nom. The pizza is delicious. I usually like NY style pizza more than thick or deep dish, but this crust is all fluffy and delicious like a supersoft unsalted pretzel. I tried the pepperoni and the chicken finger pizza, and they were both awesome with gooey, bubbling cheese. I don't normally like pepperoni, but it was seasoned and really well cooked. Pair it with a beer, and it is junk food heaven.As for the atmosphere, I suppose it could be called a dive bar, but it isn't a very divey one. It seemed fairly clean for such a designation, aside from the glimpses of an unpleasant looking men's room I got each time the door opened (complete with dudes at the urinal) ;)I didn't find it smokey, and I am not a fan of cigarette smoke. Perhaps this was a result of being there in the middle of the afternoon. The decor is an intriguingly tacky mix of surfing paraphernalia and 60s kitsch with glittery ceiling, and the staff is very friendly and easy going. The clientele was a mix of middle aged folks, casual business men, and chill 20 or 30 somethings.
4	I love the dive bar that it is in. The bartenders were nice and the guy working the pizza shop was nice also. We started out with the stuffed mushrooms and the pepperoni egg rolls.  The mushrooms were stuffed with delicious house made sausage and served with bell pepper ranch dipping sauce, very good.  The egg rolls were stuffed with pepperoni and mozzarella cheese in an egg roll wrapper and then deep fried.  They were good, but nothing special. We got two types of pizza. The first was the guineas pie.  Meatballs, spinach, white garlic sauce, and ricotta.  The second was the bacon and egg pizza with arugula, pancetta, white sauce, and brown eggs.  Both pizzas were good, at least the toppings were.  The thing I don't like about the pizzas was the crust.  It just didn't have enough flavor.  Very bland and chewy, needed salt. The meatballs had a lot of flavor and so did the white sauce. The bacon and egg pizza was the best with the salty pancetta and the arugula. Overall very good meal, I will go back.
4	You love dive bars? You love cheap beer? You love TOP QUALITY NOSH? You will LOVE this place.Great bar to bring out-of-towners to; no strip-priced drinks, casual atmosphere and mind-blowing foodgasms.It's got a super comfortable feel, as there's no dress code or VIP list to worry about, friendly bar-staff and anything you order is going to create some major-mouth-happiness.I dig it.
4	I'm from Buffalo so I was soooo excited to see this pizza establishment! Whenever I am homesick for Buffalo I come here to dine and feel at home. I love it because they have loganberry which is a drink you can usually only find in Buffalo. Even if you're not from Buffalo you have to try it! I have yet to come here for a sports game but I really want to go soon to watch a Sabres game and again in the fall to watch a Buffalo Bills game. My uncle and I ordered out from their last night and got Guniea's Pie. This pie was featured on diners, drive in and dives so I really wanted to try it. I'm not usually a huge fan of white sauce but this pizza was AWESOME. This pie has meatballs, spinach, ricotta, sausage and white garlic sauce. The flavor was incredible. Another good pie is Back-Home pie which features thick tomato sauce, mixed with mozzarella, oregano and Parmesan, pepperoni, sausage with a garlic crust. If you are more a red sauce fan this pie is for you! This place is very casual and a great place to go if you are looking for something low key. The only downside is that it is in a bar so if you have a family you will have to order this pizza to go because you must be 21 or older to eat here.
4	This will be purely based on pizza and fries. Seriously. That's all I ate. Four different pizzas, and 3 different fries. I was in greasy fried and cheesy heaven.I don't remember all the pizzas, but I do remember The Naked City, The Guinea, The Steak and Cheese, the garlic buns, the poutine, the suicide fries, and finally - the loaded potato. I think the Guinea might have been my favorite pizza, followed closely by the naked city. All the pizzas were very heavy (weight) and simply loaded with toppings. It is honestly a cheese filled bliss. The meats were all delicious. I was actually surprised how lean the sliced steak was. Impressive. The fries were just the icing on the cake.I don't know how the drinks are, or anything else about the bar really. All I know is the junk food is fantastic.
1	Came in twice, wasn't impressed both times, poutine is not authentic had some pizza chimichanga things I came in once at 4pm and at 10:00pm same results. I tried!
4	Super Divey but GREAT PIZZA!  Cheap prices. Definitely recommend for a casual, quick bite and a beer!
3	Excellent pizza.  Stuffed mushrooms were divine.  We loved it.  Service was marginal.
4	Excellent pizza. We had the bacon and egg one. So rich. So good. The buffalo chicken dip is delicious too. This place is a dive but good atmosphere. Robert was a great server. I'd definitely come back.
4	Came here on a Friday afternoon. Business was fairly light.Like most people that travel to Vegas, I heard about NCPS via DDD on the Food Network. This might be silly to say, but the thing that drew me in was the sound of a pizza cutter slicing through the sound enhanced crispy crust of one of their pies on TV.The atmosphere is obviously a dive bar. Since we came while the sun was up, it wasn't noisy and not crowded in any respect. I'm sure if we came a little later in the day, it would have been standing room only, as there really isn't a LOT of room to sit.We ordered a wee guinea pie and a wee loaded fries. The fries were a bit on the salty/over-seasoned side, but the sour cream, bacon and cheese helped cut through the saltiness. The pizza... oh the pizza...The pizza was FANTASTIC. I'm usually not one for "white" pizzas, but this was really well done. The sauce wasn't overpowering but still had a great flavor that complimented the meatballs and spinach. The crust tasted just as good as it looked, it was thick without being too heavy or greasy. Overall, it was a very well made pie.In a nutshell: The atmosphere isn't for everyone, but the food and service were top notch, enough for me to make another trip here next time I'm in Vegas.
3	As others have said, this isn't a classic pizza place. It's a bar, that serves pizza and sandwiches and such.I should preface this by saying I judge all Italian food by the very high bar set growing up in NY. We don't often eat Italian food out because not much measures up... We had sandwiches, not pizza. They were good. Good enough that yes, we are willing to try the pizza when we're back in town but not so good we'd rush there 1st thing.This review shouldn't imply there is anything wrong with giving it a go - just be aware of your unavoidable childhood prejudices ;-)
4	Great food great crowd...a good time place...
4	This little local secret is hidden inside Moon Doggies. If you are getting pizza from them I recommend the smallest size.. more than enough for one, its great to share. They have a couple off the wall pizzas which are pretty dang tasty. I won't give out any directions to the place... you just have to hope you are lucky enough to stumble upon it!
5	Naked City has the best pizza in town.  The steak and cheese, add peppers is to die for!  The fries Mama mia!  Beef sandwiches....like french dip.  we went after saw on Triple d, been back 5 times in 6 weeks!
3	Stopped in for the pizza since it had been featured on Dives, Diners and Drive-Ins.  This place is unabashedly a dive. It was pretty busy, so service was slow. It looked like there was one waitress (Possibly two) for everywhere that wasn't a bar.  She was friendly, but if you are going somewhere after dinner, plan accordingly.When we arrived there was a hockey game on, so the sound from the game wasn't too much of a distraction, but when they turned off the game and put on the music, WOW IT WAS LOUD. I mentioned how absurdly loud it was, but the waitress was either deaf from always listening to loud music or didn't hear me. Bring your ear plugs if you are averse to loud noises.  Seriously, Airplane takeoff's are not this loud. The volume was up so loud that one of the speakers would occasionally cut out.The Pizza we ordered was very good, and even at the "Wee" size is enough for two.  We saw a table of three order the "Frickin' Huge" size and I doubt they were able to finish it.  It wasn't the best Pizza I've ever had, but it is certainly deserving of its reputation of a good pie.Overall, if we were to return in future visits to Vegas we would get our Pizza to go. The loud noise, in addition to the bar smoke (Its a bar, so I expect people to smoke, especially in Vegas, the worlds largest smoking area) make the ambiance a little more dive than I'd like to spend time in.
4	I agree with all the bars, dive,its dark, blah blah blah reviewers but who cares it's Vegas. Waitress was also nice and kind of overworked it seemed but still attentive. I ordered the not so wee guinea to share and it was amazing and just as good as advertised truly one of the better pizza'a I've had and I've been to n.y. several times...Oh and it was huge took 6 slices to- go. Buffalo chicken dip was great also, fresh and tasty. Loved this place will be back.
3	I ordered the Naked Pie for pick up- told 40 minutes to pick up.  I don't understand all the raves about this pizza or place.  I don't mind divey, but this place was just sad.  The pizza was fine, but the pepperoni and sausage both tasted very cheap and unmeatlike.  Just a preference thing, I don't like "square" pizza.
5	Really good pizza. We had the half sheet Fat Boy. Awesome small pepperoni that crisped up around the edges perfectly. The edge pieces went first but the 2 center pieces looked great too with cheese from edge to edge. Stopped by for lunch and the place was just the right amount of busy - not swamped but the waitress (Theresa) had to keep on her toes. She was great and offered great advice on which pizza to ordered. If we lived closer we could eat here once a week in order to try them all. My hat is off to them!
1	My husband and I love to try new pizza places. We went a few days ago to Naked City Pizza Shop and paid $45 for a salad, appetizer, and two 12" pizzas. We were hesitant, but we decided to give it a try... The crust was horrible!... I don't know what they're doing, but it tastes like frozen pizza.The pepperoni is so small and looks odd. We won't go there again. The food is bad and overpriced.
4	April 27, 2013 Saturday - dinner 6:30 PM4 adults Atmosphere - 4 starsFood - 5 starsService - 5 starsBackground - We are here because of Food Networks Diners, Drive Up and Dives.  The bonus is that is a Buffalo NY pizza place!  I was born in Buffalo and visit my family out there, I wish I could visit more often.Atmosphere - A bar with a kitchen.  As we walked up I noticed a sign indicating you must be over 21 to enter.  Very rare in Nevada, I do not think I have seen a sign like this since my last visit to North Dakota.  So a cozy dimly lit place filled with Buffalo Bills and Sabres stuff.  We sat at a curved booth and noticed right away that the table would rock badly if any weight was put on it.Food  Drink - Normally I do not comment on it but since this all about Buffalo I will.  So I asked if they had Genny, for those who don't know that is Genesse out of Rochester NY.  They did not have it.  So she started listing off so common Canadian beers that you can get in Buffalo.  Then she said Loganberry, my wife said I lit up like a kid on Christmas day.  It is a hybrid berry that they make into a drink, I love it!  Appetizer - Wings of course, 20, two orders, a hot and medium.  I think we got all hot which was fine with me.  Good size, all had a good amount of meat on them.   My Main Course - Duh pizza!  We got a half tray.  Memories of eating pizza in Buffalo in my Aunt and Uncle's house flood me.  The tray reminds of grade school of lunch room pizza, this aint that pizza!  We ordered half pepperoni and half cheese.  The best thing about Buffalo pizza is that the pepperoni's, they are tiny compared to standard pepperoni.  When they cook they curl up to hold the grease.  These little pieces are heaven on a bed of cheese.  The pizza was loaded with cheese and was so gooey.   Dessert - Really I gorged myself on pizza!Service - 0ne waitress worked about 8 tables, and she worked it!  Bonus is that she is from Buffalo!Future - I can see future visits to this place on my visits to Vegas!
4	Please take "delivery" off Yelp status, or put the hours that delivery is actually available!  I have called at least 4 times for delivery and they never have a delivery driver available. I asked When is a good time to call for delivery, and they said 'try the weekend'.I ate there once with a large group of friends, and loved the food, especially the Guinea.
4	If you don't mind the smell of smoke, you won't regret this place.The service is slow  and not the friendliest but the food is very good. We had the"back home" (?) Pizza with traditional wings. Both were very good.  Next time I'm in Vegas, I will definitely come here again.
3	I live close to this place and decided to tryit out based on the reviews.....the pizza itself was ok.....not bad. Im sure i wouldve loved it after a night of drinking. In my opinion there was way too much cheese, the ratio of cheese to sauce was off. The service was ok and the bartenders......well...... typical dive bar all in all a descent place, i would frequent this place again and i would order a pizza again but with half the amount of cheese
3	I admit we went here because of DDD (Guy Fieri).  The dive atmosphere did not disappoint.  Good bartender, even though the bar was wet/sticky.  We ordered wings and pizza.  The wings were very good, as was the pizza, although it took a very long time before the food came out.  The food was good, but they don't have the ability to handle the popularity of this place.  It's a tiny kitchen with one person cooking.
5	Chef Chris knows what he is doing when it comes to food. Yes the pizza is great but all the food we've tried is almost too good for the concept! Not much for the area of town, however, when you walk in, the atmosphere is awesome. Not intimidating to guests and very friendly. We have eaten here many times, and it usually is a twice a month venture (which is a lot for the wife and I). Great pizza place- HIGHLY recommended!
5	This menu is a fat kid's dream come true!!!!!!  Just look at some of the combos and toppings they got on these pizzas!!  This comes pretty close to last meal/end of the world type food for me.  If you have a "cheat day" on your schedule, you might want to make it a "cheat week" after ingesting all these glorious calories, saturated fat and cholesterol at one sitting.  We ordered a full Royal sandwich and the wee (smallest) Guinea pie which is really not wee at all could feed 3 Japanese people for lunch alone.  I now know why The Royal was rated one of the best sandwiches in Vegas last year by LV Weekly.  I loved how they just made the Italian sausage into one huge patty layered with all this cappicola and mozzarella.  A total flavor explosion!  The Guinea pie was equally as awesome with meatballs, spinach and cheese, cheese, cheese.  I really liked the thick crust.  We had no shot at finishing everything but they made for some great leftovers the next day.  Tons of other menu items I look forward to having like "The Stinger" which features chicken fingers, steak, three cheeses, hot & sweet peppers, blue cheese and lettuce in one sandwich!!  What??????  That's Man vs Food type shiznit right there!I also dug all the rock music they played in the bar.  Service was very friendly too.  This is also a Buffalo Bills bar so be warned.
5	Craving some pizza I checked google maps and found this spot. I personally love dive bars because it reminds me of my youth practically living in strip clubs. Hockey was playing on the TV screens and there was a small crowd, but service was great. We ordered the Fat Boy not so wee pizza pie and we ate as much as we could and hung out for awhile play Agricola on IPAD. Once the hockey game was over they played some good old fashion rock with a little pop thrown in from time to time. One of the speakers were going in and out, but I just felt like it added to the ambiance. Best pizza I've ever had.
5	Found this place on the Triple D site and had to go. We were staying on the strip so took a cab. There is a little sign above a black door with a door bell button on the right. Don't need to buzz just walk in.We weren't sure we were at the right place when we walked in but the staff was friendly and assured us we were. Pretty typical dive bar atmosphere, the owner is from Buffalo so there was a ton of Buffalo stuff on the walls which was nice as that is the area we are from. We ordered two wee's to split between four of us: The Ginuea: This was featured on the show so we tried it. Fantastic!! The sauce was what put it over the top for me.The Margarita: I was a little disappointed in the lack of sauce and basil(I was just expecting/wanted more) but every one thought it was good.We finished with the fried dough: powdered sugar, chocolate sauce and fried=mmmmm.We inquired about getting a cab to get back to the strip and the waitress called one up for us. I told her I would include her name and I forgot it (I'm very sorry!) but she was great. If I go back to Vegas I'll definitely go back. Even with the bar bill and tip it was cheaper than anywhere else we ate and as good or better.
5	Since we're relatively new to living in LV we've been looking for a great pizza place.  We finally heard about Naked City Pizza Shop from Diners, Drive-ins and Dives web site.  This place was a great experience - from the Buffalo memorabilia to the over the top wonderful pizza.  Pizza had the BEST flavor!  We wished we had room to eat more of it.Only complaint would be the servers - very, very slow and unfriendly.  Wish management would improve on this.
3	Stopped here one night just to try the suicide fries and they definitely live up to their name -- Really, really spicy! The ranch dipping sauce they come with is necessary to cool down the hotness. They were good, but I didn't love them. The pizza looked really good so I'd go back to try that.
5	One of the Las Vegas treasures. Best Pizza in town. Great and helpful staff. I try to order different pizza on every trip, and now I have 9 favorites !!!
4	I've had a few things here and they have all been good. I tried this place after seeing it on DDD and it really is a dive. I tried the Royal first which is a sausage sandwich and then the Guinea's Pie. Both were really good. I would recommend take out though. The atmosphere is a little rank.
3	Suicide F'in Fries.  Crazy.  Saw them on TV had to try them.  It was worth it, but didn't like the atmosphere nor location.  Server was very nice.  Indoor smoking isn't my thing either when I eat.  Stupid Californian, I know.  I don't like cigs.
3	It's really closer to 4 stars  but not quite, the food is great, haven't had anything I didn't like but the service really brings the rating down.  It's not the the staff isn't friendly or helpful it's just that every time I've been here there is only one waitress so you are constantly waiting for service.  Enough about the service, let's talk about the food...the suicide fries are incredible.  I love spicy and consider that I can handle the heat but these are HOT, I think my lips were a bit swollen even. Needless to say though these are pretty much the sole reason I come to Naked City Pizza.  The pies are great too, I've tried about 5 different ones, the chicken finger and fatboy are my faves. The portions are huge, the wee is 6 huge slices.  All in all a great place to try.  Just don't forget it's in a bar so no kids.
4	This little gem is located inside MoonDoggie's Bar on the left toward the back of the bar. For a pizza joint to be open until 3am, this is just what I need in the middle of the night when I can't head over to Amore's Taste of Chicago.I ordered a pepperoni pizza, just a half sheet, for two of us. This was PLENTY of food, and we ended up bringing half of it home. The pizza was only like $15 and was ready quickly. The bartender at MoonDoggie's was also really friendly, though his personal selection of music from his iPod varied from heavy metal to R&B music lol.I would have rated the pizza a 7 out of 10 (with 5 being an average pizza). The dough was great, the pepperoni was great, but the cheese was where they missed. The cheese was tasteless and I had to add a little bit of salt and peppers to give the pizza that zing that I was looking for.I'll definitely be back to Naked City Pizza for a pie.
4	At first we came or the Taco Tuesday, but the flavors just weren't there.  So we switched to the pizza, we ordered the steak and cheese and it was SLAMMIN'!  I'm craving more of it today. Next time I'm gonna try the covered fries and a different pie.  I found my new pizza spot!!!!!
4	Stumbled in here one night for drinks with a few friends, it just looked like your average hole in the wall bar. With that being said the drinks were amazing and i had a great time. I later saw this place on the food network and was shocked, i had no idea that they served FOOD!!!!! Lol, BEST PIZZA IN VEGAS!!!! They have my vote :)PS: The wings and suicide fries are also equally amazing...
5	The suicide fries are so good, they made me want to live a little longer. love the ambiance of the place. if you are brave enough to adventure out to a little dive bar you will not be disappointed.
2	For all you Triple D Fan's don't bring your kids. I went here to try another spot on the Triple D list and I'm starting to doubt Guy's taste bud's, he is 50/50 so far in my book. Drove into town looking to try a good eating spot. Went here with family and got a big surprise once we got there. It's a bar/lounge nothing for the Fam. Being from the Windy City I know good pizza. I felt like we ordered a hot n ready from Little Caesar's. It wasn't nasty but it will not get any recommendations from me.When I got there it was a guy out front drinking a beer, he said he owned two tattoo shops, and he was pumping the place up saying, everything was good. Hahaha it amazes me how different people taste's are telling them something is good versus what is really good. I'm totally convinced that if there were a taste test to prove that some foods are not as good as others, I think a lot of people would like the crap food over the good flavorful foods. I also ordered the wings with all the sauces I like my sauce on the side so I can actually taste the wings and my wings were dry and brittle. The sauces were typical. I get better wings at Buffalo Wild Wings and sauces to. The fries were rubbery and soft nothing to brag about, I was really disappointed with my order, but I'm sure it's hit or miss when you do take out, but nothing can save that pizza flavor, it doesn't matter if the pizza is cold or hot when it's good it's good, and this pizza needs some more flavor added to it. Other posts on here mentioned the staff and I had a little blond help me with my order and she was making me feel like I was asking for to much when I asked for more Ketchup. She wasn't pleasant at all. Oh and speaking of the ketchup. I heard they make their own, they should stick to buying it from the market. Not at all impressed with the watered down taste. I may try this place some other time to see if it will be better dinning in. But for now based on the amateur Pizza, dry ass wings and lack luster fries this place is getting Two Stars.
5	How does this place only have 3 stars? Yes the place is a little divey actually a lot and the service is sub-par and they give you warm water. But how doesn't the back home or guniea pizza pie make up for it...some of the best pizza in Vegas! Cheap brews large domestic around 3 bucks, nice laid back atmosphere. Great place to get a couple drinks before you hit the strip or head downtown. I set the record on the boxing machine 967 so umm good luck to everyone on that.
4	After realizing there is a buzz about this place being on the Food Network, I had a chance to stop by here for lunch!  A friend and I shared a Guinea's Pie.  This pie comes with meatballs, spinach, ricotta, white garlic sauce and mozzarella cheese, and was the one featured on Diners, Drive Ins & Dives.  The show made it look really good, so we had to try it!The pizza, cut up into squares, was quite tasty.  The dough was well crafted, and the cheese was high quality.  The ricotta comes in a thin layer I think, and blended really well with the mozzarella giving it a slight creaminess.  The spinach was light and went really well with the pizza. Probably the most impressive thing about this pie was the sausage.  According to the show they make the sausage from scratch, starting with grinding the meat.  It was superb!  The bar that Naked City is in is nothing special unless you long for Buffalo, NY.  Bills posters line the walls, the dark dive bar atmosphere lit lightly with blue lights.  The service was top notch and fast.  The water was served from flip top bottles and tasted filtered and fresh.  The beer selection was a little weak, but they did have a local Tenaya Creek beer on draft that made up for it.  Is this the best pizza in town?  It is damn good, and probably the best "Buffalo" style pizza I have had, however there is at least one pizza place that goes above and beyond this one (however it is more of a NY style pizza).  Your tastes may vary.  In any case, this spot is worth a try for sure!
5	We were on another road trip, so that means! Looking up and see what food joint has been on TV? Naked City was on DDD, never seen the episode and was very skeptic about eating here? With my wife, daughter and her boyfriend with me. It was around 11:00 pm, after our Les Miserables show at The Smith Center. Wasn't sure if I wanted to bring my wife and daughter here? Place is not in the best area, and it's inside of a bar!! Moondoggies! But after we sat down and trying to talk with each other with the screaming, yelling, rock music on! We started to eat our food! Now with the shift change at the bar, the music changed! All of sudden we started to hear Journey, Boston, and Chicago! Music we can just lay back and listen to! Got myself my first Red Apple Ale, which I sucked down in 1 min! Now back to the food, we order three large ground beef tacos! Order the small! Large is like a burrito, just to large and ask for cheese, doesn't come with? There taco sauce is more of a buffalo wing sauce? I had no problem with it, it was different. But the girls did not like it! We also ordered a large pepperoni pizza, daughter ordered a side of large fries! Fries were very good, daughter loved it, can't really explain it? But there fries are different, and very good. Now their pizza! We all loved it, I can seriously say this was probably my favorite pizza of all time! Dough was thick but very crispy! I love the thin and crispy, when I seen the thickness of this I wasn't sure about it at first! Very cheesy, perfect amount of sauce and pepperoni were very good. Think I found my pizza place in Vegas! Glad we stopped by, had a great time to end our evening.
3	Well I specifically picked this place because it was featured on Food Network's Diners, Drive-ins and Dives.  The show featured the Suicide Fries and the Guinea's Pie (Pizza Pie that is).  My husband had the Chicken Finger Pie and I tried the Guinea's Pie b/c I love sausage, spinach and cheese.  This pie is on a delicious chewy crust with a little bit more than a hint of garlic but not too much.  The in-house sausage was good but the combination was just OK.  I think the sauce is creamy enough but no real taste.  Needed a little something.  My husbands Chicken Finger pie was also tasty but not spectacular.  My enjoyment of the pizza was ruined by the smokey smell.  The place is inside a bar,which is dark and kinda icky.  You can't bring your family here b/c children are not allowed in a bar.  I wouldn't go back.  I have followed a lot of DDD featured restaurants and this one did not live up to the hype.  Nice wait staff....not too slow.
5	Best Pizza in Vegas hands down! I had the Guinea Pie! If it is your time this is a must have!
5	I am not a fan of bars but I would have eaten here every day of our trip had my husband been agreeable. The staff was excellent and the food even better. We had medium wings and a Naked City Pizza. The food was delicious. I was super pleased. The prices ... oh my gosh - so inexpensive. I loved the place, despite the location, tho - it adds to the experience, so all in all, I wouldn't change a thing!
5	Awesome pizza. Awesome suicide fries. Awesome stuffed mushrooms. Awesome fried dough. Simply awesome!!
4	Definitely a dive, but in all the right ways.The waitress was nice, helpful, and quick (and really cute too).The suicide fries definitely bring the heat, but it doesn't linger too long, so you're not wishing for death later in the night. Nice and hot while you're eating, but gone when you're out in the casinos later that night.The Guinea's Pie pizza was excellent. Probably one of the better pizza's I've had, if we're being honest. The meatballs on the pizza are awesome by themselves, but combined with the ricotta, garlic sauce, spinach, and mozzarella it really turns into something super-powered.Stop by if you're in Vegas, you'll be glad you did.
3	Great service from Bartender. Had the Royal sandwich, which was delish on first few bites, but then it became kind of one-note. Just taste the salty sausage and not much else. They need to add pickled veggies or something to counterbalance the saltiness of the sausage. Overall, cant complain too much since it was a great value at $10. Don't go here for the Ambiance though.
1	I placed a 60 dollar order and left 10 bucks for the delivery driver via the online ordering system. I received a call about 15 minutes later saying that they don't deliver to the strip. This place is literally a mile and a half away from my hotel. It's sad that a "Buffalo" bar would turn down a big order from a former buffalonian (which they could tell from my 716 area code). What a shame.
5	Talk about great food!!!! I moved to Vegas about a month ago and this place is still my favorite eatery thus far! The pizza was phenomenal! We got the fat boy and the guinea pie, both of which were stellar! Also, tasty sandwiches!!! I'm so glad this place is walking distance of my house! Definitely my top pick!!!!! Get naked city pizza!!!!!!!!
5	Fabulous food. Great dive bar. You gotta try the suicide fries!   They are rock star.  Pizza was fabulous. The beer is ICE cold. Really you gotta try the suicide fries.  I'm writing this with beads if sweat on my bald head.  Great stuff!
3	Came here for a late lunch on Saturday. Both the Moon Doggies bartender and waitress for the NCP seating area were friendly. The two of us ordered the stuffed mushrooms, he ordered the beef on weck, and I tried a slice of the pepperoni (I like to order a piece of just cheese or pepperoni to test how tasty a place's most basic pizzas are without adding other flavors into the mix yet).For the stuffed mushrooms, $9 seemed kind of steep for 6 small ones. They were decently tasty, & accompanied by a creamy sauce & strips of mild peppers, but I wouldn't pay $9 for them again.The beef on weck resembled what it was supposed to be, though the meat was thinner & more overcooked than you'd usually see, it didn't come with any horseradish or a pickle, and the bun didn't seem to have been dipped in au jus (all normal hallmarks of this type of sandwich). Overall, it was a fairly boring version of beef on weck that neither of us would likely get again.The pepperoni pizza had two kinds of cheeses -- a bottom layer of sliced cheese that tasted like provolone, and shredded mozzarella sprinkled on top, only partially melted. It felt and tasted overall like an undercooked frozen pizza. I wouldn't order it again, either. Though it was a good size (TWSS), and it wasn't the worst $2.50 slice of pizza I've ever had (the dough/crust is pretty nice; soft on the inside, with a crustier outside), it was no higher than a 3-4 out of 10.For now, I'll award a 3 and hope that when I'm able to return and try a specialty pizza, it'll warrant keeping that score.
1	We'll my review is only based on the fact that nobody came to our table to wait on us. After 10 minutes of sitting there with nobody  paying attention to us, we got up and left.
5	Garlic buns, salad, chicken strips and pizza are all excellent.
5	Oh my this place is a diamond in the ruff..amazingly deelish food!!
5	Located inside a little dive bar, this place is a hidden gem. Who doesn't enjoy yummy food and cheap drinks? Favorites: Guinea's pie, back home pie, loaded potato fries and suicide friesWarning: the suicide sauce is spicy,but AMAZING.When I order the suicide fries, I ask for the sauce on the side so you can decide how much sauce to use and the sauce is good with the pizza!Every person visiting Vegas That i have brought  here always wants to go back! Just writing about this place is making me hungry...
5	Just picked up this pizza and eating for the first time, totally my style with lots of crunchy crust and great tasting sauce. Best part is I live down the street so will be ordering this all the time now !!
4	This dive bar was super quiet when we were there, but it was a Wednesday night at 10pm. The booths are great to enjoy a meal, although that late you have to go up and order food at the kitchen and drinks at the bar. The portions are HUGE and filling. We got the smallest size pizza and it would have been enough between two, but we wanted to try the suicide fries. Those bad boys are HOT. Super hot. Be warned.
5	Only thing wrong with bar that I could find is it is a bit of a dive, if you really consider that a problem, which I don't! While I can't rate all the food the guineas pie was off the hook!!!!!!! The pricing was great 4 of us ate and had drinks and we're less than $50 bucks with tip
5	I saw this on TV and went to visit my boyfriend inn Vegas. Hands down by far the best pizza I have ever had...and I've had a LOT of pizza. He moved home to Cleveland shortly after I went to visit and we have been taking about seeing if they will overnight us a pie...addiction! The crust is perfect and the toppings are amazing.very food combos and creativity. I hasn't been back to Vegas twice since then and cannot miss this gem! You guys are doing amazing! Keep up the good work!!
4	Love the food! I haven't had anything I dint like. I always go when I'm in Vegas. The only thing that's weird is that they have separate billing for the bar & the food. They had to charge my card twice.  The service was average, the waitress wasn't very attentive. The bartender has to bring it to her attention when someone came in.
3	Decent pizza, but nothing more. It is definitely a dive. I think the Food Network should take this place off their site, since the food is not really special. The cheese is good, but the sauce is average, and so is the case for the crust. Wouldn't come back when I visit Vegas, considering the location is out of the way.
3	I've come full circle.  This was actually the very first review I gave on Yelp, warranted by a terrible experience I had here.  I was very reluctant and stubborn to try this place again, but my husband finally convinced me to.Naked City has been redeemed by its food.  The food is really great here.  The poutine fries were something I had never tried/heard of before, but were super tasty.  I have tried two of their pasta specials, which have very interesting and surprising ingredients like crab and butternut squash pieces.  And the pizza is doughy and flavorful.  I like the food a lot, I'll give them that.BBBBUUUUTTTT.  I still absolutely hate the fact that this place is inside Moondoggies Bar.  That bar is a disgusting, dark, cigarette-smoke filled, urine-reeking bathroom, dingy place.  I do not like trying to eat my yummy food in that place.  How do they get away with having the restaurant in a smoky bar anyway?  Didn't they pass a law that says you can't smoke where there's food?  Naked City needs to get its own building to make it more welcoming and enjoyable.
5	This is where you go for pizza in Vegas. Only go somewhere else if you want to punish yourself for being bad. If for some reason you don't feel like pizza you will find the other food there to be top notch and sometimes a little scary because you would not expect the kind of quality and taste you get from here in a kitchen attached to a bar. Look out for the cute bartender, she'll steal your heart!
5	Suicide fries are to die for! :) Spicy, but if you can tolerate it, they're totally worth it! Also had the Guinea pizza. Delicious! I would also recommend the chicken wings!
3	I guess if I was drinking... scratch that... if I was drunk the pizza would be AMAZING! But so would del taco. I had been to Moon Doggies years ago and thought it was a cool little dive bar and the food at Naked City Pizza fits right into that category. Dive bar food. Ordered the "Back Home Pizza" online (bonus points for easy online ordering!) and got the half sheet for $18. Pictures online and on Yelp looked pretty good. Was ready when I arrived (on time) and my small interaction with the person at the window was not enough to judge service. Soon as we walked out I opened box and knew I had probably made a mistake. This did not look as good as it did in the pics and it looked like cheap ingredients. I was right.I regretfully devoured 4 slices as I was pretty hungry. But that doesn't change the fact that I was wishing I had a better pizza to eat. I can't speak for the rest of the food there as this was all I got.They get 3 stars only because its fair (I guess) for the price and its in a dive bar so I shouldn't have expected as much as I did. Drunk food is all I can say it is at this point.
2	Must have gone on an off night. Have heard good things about the pizza here, and really wanted to like it, but the pizza dough, sauce and (veggie) toppings were all completely bland and tasteless :(YMMV...
2	Came here for some late night pizza. The pizza was, as always, delicious, but the service was absolutely horrible. The bar tenders took 45 min to take our order and made us wait while they "changed shifts" which included them changing out the drawer and then goofing off and taking shots together. The male bartender was exceptionally rude and never even bothered to ask us if we needed a drink refill. Total of an hour and a half and we were served one beer. Waited anther 20 minutes for a to go box and to pay. They only helpful person there was the cook. I failed to mention that my friend and I were the only 2 people in the entire place. Both bar tenders should be fired.
5	Best East Coast pizza this side of the Mississippi! Even though our order is a tad complicated, they always get it right. We appreciate that they have Raspberry Cider and the garlic knots are an excellent excuse for warding off unwanted male suitors.
3	Saw this on TV, decided to try some off-the-strip eat joints.  Was difficult to find, did not know it was going to be co-located inside of a dive bar.  But the dive bar was pretty cool and laid back.  Got a huge huge pizza for $24 that 3 of us could not finish.  We took the leftovers with us and still munched on them on the strip the next day.Cheap, good pizza.
5	Me and my husband saw this restaurant and dinner drive and dives in the foot network channel. And i said to myself next time we go to Vegas were going to check this place out so we did the pizza was awesome the suicide fries were too die for the service was awesome the people were so friendly I recommend this restaurant to everyone if your ever in Vegas you need to go to this place it's the bomb......
4	TIP: The pizza joint is open until 3am, so it's perfect for late night pick up!!On the corner of Arville and DI, Naked City Pizza is located inside Moon Doggies Bar.  Such a chill establishment.  The pizza's great and fairly priced--$16 for a medium.  The medium is huge and fed 5 famished girls at 2am in the morning--with leftovers.  Unfortunately, they don't deliver at that time, but I came in for pick-up.  We were staying at the Artisan so it wasn't too far away.  The guy that took my order over the phone was cool, and he was finished with the pizza right when I got there.  The bartender was super sweet; gave me a free shot since it was just my birthday.  Definitely gonna hit this place up again!
4	Saw this place on TV and decided to try it out. If you like the dive bar atmosphere then this is thr place for you. Great food, cheap drinks, and great service.
3	Wow. What a dive. But that's ok, Pizza Cat likes dives. It's not really a shop, it's more like a corner, as in the corner of a bar with a kitchen and a door. The door is plastered with accolades from various press, so it can't be all bad, riiiight? All these people can't be wrong, riiiiight? For example The Royal Sub won LV Weekly Best Sandwich, so Pizza Cat tried half a sub for $7. It has italian sausage, cappicola and mozzarella. And that's exactly what you get, those ingredients, smashed into a tasty roll. LOL. Not bad, the cappicola was high quality and the italian sausage tasted a lot like Johnsonville and Pizza Cat likes Johnsonville sausage. Presentation was sloppy but how can you go wrong with a heaping of those ingredients on a fresh roll? For $7, it was a tasty sammie. Now Pizza Cat prefers to smoke but on occassion she will take a sip. Being inside the super-divey Moondoggies has its advantages, such as a full bar. She meandered to where a handful of locals were guffhawing over some guy puking on the TV (true story). She told the cute bartender, something light and fruity (cuz Pizza Cat can't afford any more DUIs) and under $10. The bartender proceeded to take out an 18 oz red cup (like at a BYOB party, yes, that red cup) and guzzle an interesting mixture of rum, something sweet and more rum. He presented it with a smile and said, "$5." $5!!!! Yeeesh. This is the Vegas, baby. So Pizza Cat waited for her food and proceeded to get toasted. She realized halfway through her sippy cup that the bartender had hooked her up and she was going nowhere soon. Good thing the food took so damn long to make. After 30 mins or so Pizza Cat was rewarded with a big azz pizza, which they called a wee, but it's not wee at all, and it was heaped with meatballs, fresh spinach and globs of ricotta. For $13 it was a hell of a deal. Now, if this was K.D., and a drunk K.D. at that, the pizza would've been fine, but Pizza Cat is a cat and Pizza Cat says the dough is nasty and the pizza is sloppy. But who cares what Pizza Cat thinks??? She is drunk, in a dive bar with other drunks, laughing at Adult Swim. Life does not get better than this. Viva Las Vegas. Viva Naked City Pizza.
5	My second time coming here. The food is a must in Vegas!  Last time I came here the wait was a little long and service was so so, but the food by far made up for it. This time device has been great, also!!
4	Place is a true dive. Dark and a little dingy and had the feel of a place that attracts locals and regulars. The bartender was very friendly and overall I felt comfortable,I had 2 pieces of pizza by the slice:Pepperoni slice: Wasn't very good at all. You don't expect pizza by the slice to be fresh so I was willing to overlook the fact that it tasted old, but I don't think that it was originally a pepperoni pizza. It looked and tasted like it was a slice of cheese pizza that they just threw some pepperoni on top of and heated up because the pepperoni wasn't heated through like it should've been had it spent as much time in the oven as the rest of the pizza.Chicken Parm (slice of the day): This was actually pretty good besides the fact that it too, tasted like it had been out a long time. The crust that they use is a little thicker than I prefer but the breaded chicken on it was tasty. Philly cheesesteak rolls: First off they give you 4 big rolls for 7 bucks which is an awesome value. The first bite wasn't overly impressive but these things are addicting and get better with every bite. Crispy egg roll shell, steak, onions and peppers, and cheddar some how come together into this crunchy, savory, and cheesy bite of goodness.Chicken Fingers: Looking at them I thought they may be frozen but they tasted fresh and very good. Crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside covered in a tasty buffalo sauce.Overall, I liked my meal. I'm not going to be extra critical on the pizza that I knew wouldn't be fresh. The prices are very reasonable, food was tasty, people were friendly. I'd go back but would try fresh pizza ;).
1	Good food, crappy service.  Been here before,  but the service tonight was unacceptable.  We ordered a pizza,  fries and waters.  Had to wait long after our glasses were Empy for refils, and after we finished eating,  we waited over 30 minutes for our server to check in and see if everything was okay. At that point we simply wanted to leave and asked for a box and our check,  but we ended up waiting an extra 15 minutes for that.the place was not packed by any means.  The only positive was green olives on the pizza.....
3	Dark, loud and smoky, but that didn't bother me, so much as the fact that our server (who was very sweet) put in our drink order and it took upwards of 30 minutes to get 3 diet cokes, a sprite, 3 waters and 2 beers. That was the first sign that we were in trouble. We ordered 2 wee pizzas and then one of the really big ones split between two flavors (the Naked City and the Guinea). The kitchen reportedly messed up and made those as two separate medium sized pizzas (not a big deal at all) except that they forgot about the Guinea all together, so they made one for us about an hour and a half into the experience. Then another server took our fresh pizza and took it to another table, so then that had to make another. We actually never got the original order until after we had paid and were walking out the door three hours into the journey. We brought home the Guinea and reheated it for dinner and it was awesome. Fries are solid and would definitely recommend the Guinea pizza. Not so much for the overall experience.
4	Pizza is terrific!! You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Service is just OK as it is a busy bar
5	This place is tough to find!  It's inside another bar.  When we finally got the nerve to go inside, we knew we were in the right spot.  No windows, just some funky mix and match tables and chairs.  The place was pretty crowded since apparently DDD was just on the night before. The poor waitress was SWAMPED!  She was super nice but could have used some serious help.  We ordered the suicide fries.  It was a pretty large order.  There were just two of us and we struggled to finish them, mainly because of the heat.  We needed more ranch and water, but the poor waitress never came by.  We didn't even eat the peppers on top!  The sauce was spicy enough.  Don't get me wrong, they were really tasty.We each got a slice of pizza.  I got the Specialty of the day, chicken parm and my friend got cheese.  Love the crust.  My one complaint would be that it is too much cheese.  I just pulled a little bit off.  I couldn't finish my one slice, it was plenty.  My friend raved that this was some of the best pizza she has had, and that's saying a lot coming from her.  We were glad we went!Oh, and FYI, No kids allowed here.
5	Saw on triple DDD. Pizza is best in town. Suicide fries were good but not as hot as I had hoped. Will be back again.
5	It's been a couple weeks since I was in Vegas, but I am still dreaming about a couple places, this is one of them! Found this place randomly, as we were driving around and just searching pizza on my maps. So happy we were closest to this joint, we took a gamble and won! When we walked in all we saw was a dive bar, not knowing if we were in the right spot, but we  walked in a little further and saw a small window in the wall, low and behold, this is where you order! There was only one girl working, it was almost 2am and she was pregnant! Not knowing what to expect, we were taken back by the awesomeness of this place!  We got a veggie and cheese pizza and a side of french fries. HUGE servings for a ridiculously low price.  We got everything to go and it held up perfectly until we got to our hotel. Thick crust pizza with tasty toppings, and deliciously seasoned fries (no sauce needed, and I usually always need ranch for dipping).  She did a fantastic job, we were so appreciative. Such a great end to our night:)
4	Birthday dinner!  Poutine Fries and Suicide Fries, "Fricken Huge" is a lot of food and a great price.  Pizza was pretty awesome too, the cheese was real and the sauce was very tasty.  Because my son was 18 we couldn't eat in the bar but we had excellent service next door at Desnudo Tacos.
1	If this is what Guy Fieri thinks is notable, I would wonder what the quality of his restaurants consist of. I ordered a Ceasar salad, Philly cheesesteak rolls and a half sheet of the " back home" pizza. The salad was sparse to say the least. It had so little Romaine lettuce in it that we had to go back in to ask if it was a full order. To their credit the dressing was good.  The Philly  rolls were gross, just greasy and flaccid. Granted I have never had a philly roll before, but if this is the standard, all other restaurants that carry this item might want to rethink that decision. We decided to try the " back home " pizza because we were told that it was very garlicky and we love garlic. The pizza was half burnt with sparse topping and a one note flavor. Just not great. I live in Las Vegas, but have lived all over the country. I understand that Las Vegas is not known for its pizza, but I guarantee that if you stop at any regular mom and pop pizza place your food will be better than Naked City Pizza. This is the second place in town that was on Triple D, and I know now that if I see a restaurant on that show it means. I was excited to try this place and was really disappointed. It's not cheap either by the way.  DO NOT GO.!!!!!!!
1	So I was told this place was good, it may have been but I didn't stay long enough to find out. Obviously the food is good. However I feel bad for the owner. He has the worst service staff I've ever seen. The restaurant wasn't busy at all yet our server took more than 10 minutes to greet us. She seemed really busy but as I was watching her, she wasn't really doing anything and she was being rude about it toward other guests. I saw when we walked in that she was sat 2-2 person tables and 1-3 person table. 7 people total. She continued to help 1 of the 2 person tables and told us and the other table that she would be with us shortly. It took too long so we left. We went and spent $85 at another restaurant. I'm sure this happens all the time here. The bartender saw us but didn't really help. YOU NEED A HOST!!! I cannot stress that enough. The 10 minutes I was there I didn't feel welcomed at all. I feel like its worse than just retraining your staff. You need to teach them how human beings should be treated. Personally I live to far away to ever want to come back but I'm telling you this because you're service staff is losing you money. You can tell they just don't care. When people don't care about their job they do shady things. Wouldn't be shocked if they were stealing from you honestly. Please address the situation or you will not have a business in the near future.
4	So I first tried this pizza at a catered attorney party and let's just say it has left an impression! Oh My So So Good!!!! To think this is coming from a girl born and raised in Chicago so I know a thing about pizza.  I literally got home that night and had to google where it was located. Definitely will stop in the near future! Give it a try I think you will be pleased you did.
4	real yummy pizza. make sure if u order delivery online that they can actually deliver bc i did but they couldnt.
4	Great pizza. We tried The Back Home with the garlic crust so soft and delicious. Suicide fries lived up to their name. Hot wings meaty and crisp. Cold draft beer. Relaxed atmosphere, great music. I'd recommend for some late night quality drunk food.
3	We had the Back Home pizza. Good meats and lots of cheese but the crust was a little too soft for my liking (slice would sag when you picked it up). Hot wings were juicy. The suicide Fries are so tasty but can set your mouth of fire if you're not careful. Music was good (Johnny Cash).  Service was ok for bar standards.  Overall it was good but far from great.
5	Best pizza in Vegas hands down they know how too make great pizza closes thing too have pizza if yr from  Buffalo NY and try there fries they r the great & very hot
5	Ok first off, this place is KNOWN for being in a dive bar so get over that right off the bat. (You'll be glad you did!)Featured on Triple D with Guy Fieri we just had to stop in and we were SO glad we did! The Guinea - 5 stars.My husband is somewhat of a pizza connoisseur and let me tell you, he was speechless; fist pumping with every bite.Needless to say, we'll be back.
5	Ordered Fatboy pizza and hot wings.  Both were nothing short of awesome.   My wife even asked for a side of the suicide sauce and that is her new favorite.   BOOM!
5	One of the best pizzas I've ever had.I read a lot of the reviews so I was worried about the service, but I had no problems.  I was the only one in the "eating area" so maybe it's hit and miss depending on how busy they are, but the waitress came fast, the food came fast, and she came back often.I ordered a Wee pepperoni/sausage and it was exactly the type of pizza I like.  The cheese stretches out, the crust has a crispy outer texture but is softer inside, and the sausage is the crumbled kind, not the Domino's type nuggets.  I'm not a huge red sauce fan but I didn't even notice it.I got the wings (naked) with the suicide sauce on the side.  People are right when they say it's spicy but it doesn't stay with you.  I'm guessing it's habenero.   The total for the pizza, 10 wings, and a soda was $22.  I managed to get through about half of it and I'm a pretty big eater.I'm definitely going to go back when I return to Vegas in the future.  Everyone has different tastes in pizza, and if this is the style you like, you're going to love it.
5	This place was amazing! Possibly the best pizza I've had in vegas...possibly.The pizza that I purchased (I believe it was something like the back home pizza) was just okay. One of my friends got the chicken finger pizza and it was AMAZING! Loved it! Worth a second, third, and fourth visit! Also, the loaded potato fries were good!
5	The pizza here is excellent. Only came here because saw it was on the DDD show on food network, and can say am very happy! While normally would subtract star for the typical bar feel, the pizza more than made up for that. Had one with sausage, pepperoni, garlic crust, And couple other things. Was really awesome! Even the "small" size could only eat half of it, but took it back and ate rest for dinner. Will come back again!! Unless find better pizza place in the area, but unlikely
5	OMG!!!!! naked city pizza!! you rule!!!This pizza joint inside moondoggies bar is the best made pizza ever!! fresh dough perfect !! fresh toppings. you will never want to eat pizza any were in Vegas after you try this!the suicide fries are a must order!! delicious and their ice cold draft beers to wash the heat down. so good.be ready it looks like a total dump biker bar from the outside but at the same time is so cool once you get inside and see all the characters of different peoplereally fun!! great musicpizza eating contest. and was featured on food network.in the end the pizza is a bit "pricey" but you are getting the best fresh ingredients:( down fall nobody under 21 allowed so we couldn't bring our 19 year old son to dinner before he left for the coast guard.. we had to drive it home and eat it coldwe love this place and their menu... as well as their awesome!!!! customer service
5	Best pizza in Vegas!
5	Great food!  Tried the mild wings and the Frickin huge margarita pizza - flavor was great, portions matched the name. Teresa made us feel welcome and guided us well. Diners drive ins and dives served us well.
4	Great atmosphere, great service, great pizza, for a dive bar.  I mean that in a good way.  This is the kind of place I wish we had in Stafford(We have dive bars with shitty food).  The bar and the restaurant are two separate entities and we received two separate bills, but who cares because everything was great.  A nice escape from the pretentious crap on the strip.  The pizza was the opposite of normal cookie cutter pizza with routine ingredients, and that is a wonderful thing.
4	Four stars because the food was fantastic! The service however was absolutely terrible! We were not given plates, napkins, or any utensils. My wife had an empty drink for 25 minutes before the server made it back to the table to check up. We had the suicide fries and she had nothing to wash it down or cool off her palette. Fries were great and the Guinea pie was the best pie I ever had in Vegas but next time we will get it to go!
5	For delivery I ordered the naked city pizza and philly cheese steak rolls.  Soooooooooo good!!  The dough was fresh and there wasn't an abundance of tomatoe sauce.  The cheese steak rolls were ridiculously delicious.   Can't wait to try their other pizzas and treats!!   This place is a must eat!
1	We made an order for a pizza with suicide fries. We ordered it online. We waited 20 minutes before driving so when we got there we would expect to only wait about 10 more minutes or so. When we got there they said they just were starting the order. I asked how long it would take. The lady said she did not know since they just ran out of cheese...We told them to cancel it and left
5	My husband and I ate here last week.  Everything was great.  We ordered traditional,  Sicilian and Suicide wings.  All were great but suicide are my favorite.  Love that they are served with blue cheese not ranch. The suicide wings are super hot, just the way I like my wings.  The traditional are great and the Sicilian were a great non-traditional wing ( parmesan cheese and garlic).  We also ordered a pizza with pepperoni,  and hot peppers.   This pizza had a great assortment of peppers and great flavors.   I love hot and spicy food and Naked City doesn't disappoint.  Please note separate checks for food and the beer we ordered.   No issue for me, just a note so no one is surprised.
2	I don't really understand the great ratings for this place, I'm hoping I caught them on a bad night.I'll be brief.The pizza was nothing special and the service was God awful.  The people watching was great, if watching a couple dry hump is your thing.  Most of the bar patrons were DEEEEEEEE runk.  Note that I had been drinking and was pretty far from sober myself.I'll be back in the area to eat next door at Desnudo Tacos, but doubt I'll eat here again.  That is all.
5	This is by far the best pizza in Vegas. the staff is great and the atmosphere is awesome. Jesse the chef has sat with me many times to make sure the food is good and just to talk. the juke box is killer.
2	Great food. Horrible service. My friend asked for a recommendation from the  person taking the order. The guy replied.." I'm to bizy for this, look at the menu". The food came out with no forks, Plates or napkins. We asked the server for some help. He told us we were getting a favor by him bringing the food. We needed to ask someone else for more help. He was off the clock.
3	Food here was pretty good.  I would have given it a higher rating if the service hadn't sucked so bad.  Hot fries were good but not overly spicy.  The wings had good flavor but not too crispy.  The wife ordered pizza and it was awesome.  The cheese sticks were also good.  It took us over 30 minutes just to pay after we finished our meal and our drinks ran empty a few times.  I would come back but just for the food.
5	All you people that give this place a low rating need to go eat the crap down the strip... This place is great... I love the chicken buffalo chicken dip thing lol and the meatball pizza. this place is way better then the shit they have down the strip.
5	Loved the pizza! Had the Guinea with meatballs, spinach and a white sauce. Loved the crust! My husband and I were a little skeptical as it is a dive bar, but is perhaps the best pizza that I have ever had!
4	pizza was good, but there was a giant bubble on the corner that should have popped during the baking process. cheap beers and the pizza isn't expensive either. separate bills is a little annoying,  I'm sure it is forthe server as well. not too smoky, but we still smelled like smoke when we left. will go again. oh, yeah, pepperoni bowls of grease.
5	Excellent Pizza and appetizers.  It is a dive.
5	Arrived in LV Wed. afternoon and decided to stop in Naked City Pizza as I always try to check out eateries that I've never been before. Well, here's the official word from the White Hat, "Just do it" I don't know why people complain about being neglected? I talked to two servers and Mike the owner. Had a great conversation. Mike even brought over a couple of tacos from his taco shop next door to check out. Great too! Pizza on a scale of 1-10 rates a 10. Then Mike told me of the other place his brother runs across and down the street from Hard Rock Cafe where they do fresh pasta everyday! I will make it there, next stop for sure. You gotta try at least two small pizzas cause taking the rest to hotel was a treat to eat by the pool! Enjoy!
5	This place is small, only a few tables and it's in a dive bar where people are allowed to smoke.  I've only been during the week for work lunches so no beers with my pizza:(the poutine was really rich and filling.  The largest size pizza on the menu is baked in a restaurant baking sheet - if you've worked in a restaurant you understand. It's a HUGE - way more than 4 people could eat. Guineas pie and chicken wing dip were awesome!
2	This is about the new location on Paradise.  I ordered on the phone for takeout, the half pizza with peperoni on half and garlic buns.  She read my order back, told her it would be 20 mins.  When we got there, the cook did a 1/4 size pizza not the 1/2, the girl looked on the order and it did say 1/2.  So, they asked if we wanted the other 1/2.  Yes, we had to wait 10 mins , they did not say they were sorry, they did not comp us for their mistake.  Then when we got the pizza home, it was wrong.  The peperoni was on all the pizza and the pizza was burnt.  Very disappointed!  Not sure when we will be back to eat here again soon.   Also, the cook in the kitchen was slamming things down and looked very unhappy!
2	I live close to this place so i drive by all the time, looked interesting.As far as being the best pizza in Las Vegas is not true by any means. Thick crust plenty of cheese but ultimately  BLAND, also the toppings few and far between. I dont know.
1	Wow i am shocked!!! I've been the HUGE fan of naked city inside moon doggies bar and hubby took me today for a Mother's day favorite!  Wow the server and her bus girl are absolutely horrible!! Since naked city opened a new restraunt I will be traveling there. The server stands at the bar chatting with guys and ignores all her customers.  We were never checked on. And we waved down the bus girl Cuz we had to go we needed our check. and she saw us 3 times and pretended not to see us. Hubby finally said "hi" and she rolled her eyes and say "ya" naked city in moon doggies u not only were rude you got our entire order wrong u really ruined the experience for me. I will not return .  Service was the worst I e ever had anywhere!!
2	I'm trying really hard to like this place.  I've been twice so far.  Based on the review on Diners, Drive-ins, and dives, I had high hopes.  So far I am somewhat disappointed.  Service is pretty slow.  Food seemed to take forever to come out and it wasn't that busy.  It's a dive which is no problem as long as the food and service make up for the decor.First visit.  I ordered the Guinea Pie which was OK, but not really special.  For one thing I though it was really bland except for the garlic.  No spice to speak of.  Toppings really sparse and the crust super thin.  Pound for pound I'd consider it pretty expensive for pizza.  It was good enough that I will probably try again with a different pie.  Service was kind of weird.  I ordered at a window, but paid a waitress who took it to the bar.  There is really no place to wait for to go orders except the bar.  If it was quick I'd have no issue with that, but it seemed to take forever.Second visit.  I ordered a sandwich called the meathead which is Braised beef, two cheeses, carmelized onion, pickle and creamy mustard.  I got the footlong one for $10, which is reasonable price for a steak sandwich.  My opinion:  You'll get much better steak sandwiches at Pops on Rainbow.  This one had a good bun and enough meat, but the problem was the meat was excessively dry like it was grilled too long and then there is the cheese.  Apparently when they say two cheeses they mean two little slices of cheese.  I've never seen a steak sandwich with as little cheese and the cheese was not mixed into the meat at all.  It was placed on the bun and this big bunch of meat was placed on top.  the pickle was interesting as well as the mayo sauce, but overall it was almost too dry to eat.  I was greeted immediately, they took my order quick, and brought drinks and refills fast.  Getting the sandwich was pretty slow for a sandwich.  I have no big complaints.I will give this place one more shot.  If they do better I might revise my review with another star.
4	Yey I'm a huge fan!The hubbi and I decided to go here because he seen it on tv! He told me we both did however I cant recall if I saw it or not...nevertheless...I'm glad he saw it...We saw it...lolThe food is divine the pizza was so very good (Please see my pictures.)We also had wangs yes not wings but wangs because they so good u have to give them a slang name. (KMSL) If you high sadity or booshie this is not the place for you. (Stay home.) But yea the husband and I fit right in because we get along with everybody! Its cool people with a fun time & just great food. The cheese cake was very good. Its a fact that the husband and I have found a new spot to chill and have fun.
1	Boo not kid friendly. Saw this on food network and on diner dives...wanted to try it. I guess My family and I won't be trying their lovely pizza. Also that place looks ratched anyways. They need to build a place so we can come here geez there are tons of places for adults y deprive us of the awesome pizza so disappointed.
3	Bookmarked this placed based on their claim-to-fame of having the best sandwich in town- as rated by LV Weekly in 2012. Add in that they were featured on Triple D, and I knew I'd be visiting sooner rather than later, even if I haven't seen the episode.Opted for take-out dinner on my way home from work. Got a shareable portion to dine with my dude; full size Royal Hot Sub, 10 piece Sicilian wings, and a slice of the pizza of the day (beef on weck).The sandwich was my BF's favorite: Italian sausage, capicola, and mozzarella chopped in two equally enormous halves. Bread didn't seem particularly fresh, both meats were fairly dry to me, and there was no moisture on the sandwich, lending an overall dryness to the whole affair. It worked for my guy, and apparently for the staff at LV Weekly, but it wasn't the best to me. Wings were underwhelming: 50 cent surcharge for this flavor, for reasons unexplained and unknown. Wings were perfectly cooked to tender and juicy, but lacked flavor. Minimal sprinkle of garlic and parm outside, mostly smaller wings, again they just didn't really do anything for me.Pizza of the day was not my style but I really appreciated the creativity that went into taking a NY sandwich and creating a pizza version of it; beef on top, horseradish sauce, creamy mozzarella, and a salted/seasoned crust. Flavors are strong and bold, tasty, but not something I'd eat more than a slice of. All in all, I think I need to leave this place on my list to visit again and try the Guinea pizza when I have a bigger appetite (or perhaps after hitting the gym). Was mostly underwhelmed by my non-pizza options this visit.
4	After a couple nights of eating on the strip... and being overcharged and disappointed (staying at the Aria) I wanted some plain good ole fashioned pizza. I recalled an episode of Triple D mentioning Naked City Pizza. So I googled the Arville location.  Drove from the hotel to the place. I saw the sign which said Moondoogies bar with Naked City Pizza underneath, a lil confusing because the entrance is just a divey bar, luckily I got a whiff of some nice pizza pie. The place itself had a dark ambiance of a real dive bar, I did feel like I was an intruder from the looks I got from the indigenous bar flies. I made beeline past the bar towards one of the waitresses who quickly glanced me up and down, to size me up "Tourist".  She had a nice ink sleeve going on but had a rather nice sunny disposition. So I ordered a couple of pies. A wee plain cheese for the kids and a not so wee Naked City Pizza Pie for us. It took awhile like almost a half hour, so it would be helpful to order ahead of time, which I did not do.  The pizzas were spot on. Glad I braved the iffy location, Better then the crap from CPK (which I know isn't saying much)I'll try the new location closer to the strip, they opened a location near the Hard Rock. Definitely making it a point to get one of their pies next time down!
4	I was very comfortable in this joint. It is on the dive bar side, but it is a place you can hangout and have a good pie. The dough is good, the topping even better. It has Buffalo, New York all over the walls and it is reflected in the good pizza. I loved the sizes: Wee, Not-So Wee, and F_ _ k'in Huge. Most of the people around us had eyes bigger than their stomach's so take-home was the norm. They also have Buffalo wings, which are great. I will be back!
5	Pizza is my favorite food and I could eat it everyday. That being said, naked city is the best pizza I have found in Vegas. I have lived here almost a year, tried 15 different places and naked city it the best. The Guinea pie is perfection and I have had the stinger and the naked city as well. All of them were delicious but the Guinea pie was the best.For appetizers, the suicide fries are only for the brave of heart. I love them but my boyfriend would not even try them. They are hot! The garlic buns are like cinnamon rolls but with no cinnamon and add garlic and cheese...aka awesome.Finally the location, I personally love that this place in in a dive bar! It a not that scary like other reviews have said. I thought it was awesome. The service is ok. I have had great service and ok service but the food is worth any experience. So if you have kids, don't come to this location but if you do not have children naked city pizza is the best pizza vegas has to offer.
5	Amazing Pizza just like on DDD! Our server was very sweet and helpful. The pizza was cooked perfectly and the white sauce was delicious! We will be back the next time we are in Vegas!!!
3	Home of the guinea pie, which was featured on triple D!So this place is kind of uninviting. It is inside Moondoggies bar, which is dark and musty. Adults only kind of place, so leave the kids at home (or go to the other location...).For drinks, I ordered the loganberry because I have never had anyting loganberry. Server said it was pretty popular in New York.  It was hard to describe the taste, but most like a watered down berry juice. Next time I'll just have some "pop."I shared the small size Guinea pie with Ramil B. and it was the perfect size for us.  It was cut in 6 pretty good size pieces and I was still able to take 2 pieces home to the husband who loved it.  The pizza here is definitely a winner and I would come back to order it again!  Some great things about it are the homemade meatballs and the ricotta cheese!  Kind of on the greasy side, but crust was on point. We were curious about dessert and ordered the fried dough, which was a humongous portion that I just took it home.  This was OK, not worth ordering. It simply was fried, drizzled with chocolate syrup and sprinkled with powdered sugar. Nothing exciting here.Pizza deserves 4 stars, but everything else was just OK.
1	Maybe Naked City Pizza is having a bad night in both locations. Drove from Paradise location to here (see other review) on the promise that the order would be placed for us while we drove. How could they have, phone here has been off the hook for hours. We were ignored when we came in, and when we asked about ordering, a woman wearing a Naked City shirt pointed to the window in the back. Asked about the advance order, and literally got a look like I had asked for pizza on a golden platter. Mentioned the phone being off the hook. Again must actually have two heads, the look again while she held up the cordless phone and showed us it was fine. (Called back while we were eating at home, and the line was still busy.) So unbelievably rude...worst I have experienced in a long time. Don't care if the pizza is good. Won't be returning.
4	Note: There is more than one location.  I *believe* this is the one that was on DDD.The other reviews are accurate.  The place is a dive bar, and the bar and pizza bills are separate.There is a seating area with some video games and a vending machine that sells candy and cigarettes (yes there is a sign on the front door saying nobody under 21 allowed).  The pizza is really great, I got the Guinea (the 'wee' size and it was more than enough for me).  Service is very slow and harried, even in the middle of the day in the middle of the week.  Come here if you are not in a rush.As I said, the pizza is really great. I hit this as part of a DDD's tour of the area and I am glad I did.  I would come back with friends if I had a lot of time.  I ate at Naked City around 1PM for lunch and it was still pretty slow,
4	I'm from buffalo ny, and this is a buffalo themed bar. They have a menu dedicated to the bar foods and amazing foods of buffalo. I tried the chicken wings which were spot on and reminded me more of duffs wings than anything and I loved them. The pizza was just OK, they had the grease cups which are the norm on buffalo branded pizza shops.. however if I was in Buffalo I would rank it low on the pizza scale. We tried the poutine which is fries with gravy and cheese curds and that was delicious. Also the stinger sub which was also delicious and reminded me of the big sloppy subs of the wny areas. The also had local drink favorites such as loganberry drink and of course Labatt blue beer. I still gotta go back and try the tacos as they have a dedicated taco shop next door. Give this place a try soon.
2	the first part of the review is for their ordering system(s) or lack thereof.  about a month ago i tried to order takeout  by calling to place an order.  the phone rang and rang and rang with no answer.  next try i used their "on-line" ordering system.  i ordered and showed up a half hour later only to be told that the cook never got the order because whoever received the order didn't relay it to him. maybe instead of spending time on NPR critiquing other pizza places in town, the owner of naked city pizza should take care of his own house. 0 starsalas, i finally tried the pizza.  it wasn't terrible but i had big expectations based on numerous reviews and a fair amount of self promotion.  i'll start with the good.  they certainly use a decent quality cheese that melts nicely and has good flavor.  the pizza was also cooked properly.  now for the not so good sarting with the crust.  i'm sure there are many people that like this type of crust.  i'm not one of them.  it's really just a white bread dough recipe.  too much of a "gut-bomb".  i also prefer a sauce that is a little spicier and has a richer tomato flavor.  i also prefer one that is sans bay leaves.  finally, the toppings are too skimmpy for this thicker, heartier style of pizza.  2 stars.
5	We went to Naked City Pizza after seeing it on Diners Drive Inns and Dives. This location of Naked City Pizza is in a DIVE bar called Moondoggies. We had the stuffed mushrooms made with home made sausage and the Guinea pie! Both were absolutely delicious! What made the experience even better was our server Katie! She was so sweet and helpful even as she was serving, cooking, AND doing dishes! Katie was the bomb diggity and so was the food!
1	1 star just because there is no option for zero.  Took forever and only to get the order wrong at the entire table.  No flavor and just not good at all.  I've never disliked a pizza ever and this place shut me down.  Way to expensive for any meal let alone bad food.  Was displeased from the start to the end.  It was so bad I just now decided to sign up for yelp just to make this post.  I'll take a $5 hot and ready before here.  Get Bent
5	We had Chicken finger pizza. And it the best pizza I every had....!!!!!!
3	We came starving and the service is REALLY slow even though our friend was known by the server because she's somewhat of a regular. Super divey bar, no need to dress up...or wear clean clothes.
5	Amazing food! Not going to say too much all I can say is you MUST come and taste for yourself!
4	The pizza is great the poutine French fries are to die for, but be prepared the service is the worst i have ever have in my life take thw pizza home u dont wanna be there waiting for service that u might never have
4	Had so much fun here! Enjoyed our pizza 1/2 cheese 1/2 naked city. Drank a couple blue moons and enjoyed our experience!
5	Great pizza, plain and simple. High quality ingredients with a lot of flavor. We got the Guinnea's Pie. Pizza with Meatballs, and spinach. It was phenomenal. We also got the stuffed peppers. Way too much food but with keeping the leftovers. I have to admit, the fact that it is located in a bar was a plus. I love dive bars so I enjoyed the vibe. It was also a nice change of pace to be in a kid free environment for a little bit.
1	Located inside of the diviest of dive bars, but that's not the issue to us - we enjoy a good dingy dive bar.We came here for 2 reasons:1. I had an emergency late night pizza craving. 2. This was the only place open past 12am that had decent reviews (namely because Guy Fieri recommended them on Triple D.)I'm just going to put this boldly out there - the pizza was a lie. I can't necessarily state that Guy is lie on this one, because I bet this place used to be good, then triple D aires, then the word gets out, then the hype man takes the stage, then they cut massive ingredients and quality to make a profit. Right. It's a sad tune we're all too familiar with. The pizza itself was very dry and I can honestly state it was pretty much all thick, dense dough. The dough wasn't even special or memorable - not even slightly sweet or anything that would make it stand out. The tomato sauce was barely noticeable and it wasn't robust, or striking in flavor. The cheese was also extremely limited as well. Everything fell seriously flat on our taste buds.The toppings were all few and very far between. The meats were sparse and standard, nothing to holler home about. There were tiny specs here and there with spinach. Seriously!? How expensive is spinach, that you can't even hook an honest paying customer up with it? It was truly nonexistent.Let me ask you this, why did we get the pizza with no love? I think my theory is concrete and valid. Here's what we regretted ordering:Fatboy "not so wee" Pizza: $21- subbed sausage for spinach - subbed salami for ricotta - this pizza advertised basil yet they some how forgot the basil? (forgot? or, on purpose... my paranoia is beginning to wonder...)Pit BBQ Wings: $8 (single = 10pcs?)- hahahahaha they either, a.) Skimped us, or, b.) Don't know how to count - either way, that's totally annoying and frustrating when you pay for 10 wings and expect 10 wings, but get 9. (To be fair- the bbq sauce was robust & the wings were well sauced)Ranch: free - very runny and watery It's pathetic that I had a better pizza slice at Sbarro in the mall the other day - the red pizza sauce they had there was full of life and flavor, plus they probably put 1 handful of spinach on that 1 slice of pizza. Sadly, that's the opposite of Naked Pizza.The only thing they got going for them is this: open until 3am. $31 bill for a disappointing pizza dinner is not cool, not cool at all. We wasted our time and our dime.
3	After driving for hours to Vegas, pizza sounded pretty good. A friend really wanted to come here, so we decided to try this place out. Located inside of Moondoggie's Bar, this dimly-lit dive bar/restaurant was a little intimidating to walk in to. After being seated, service was definitely slow. Our orders weren't taken for quite some time. Also, food took a long time to be made, even though it wasn't very crowded. Only one other couple was eating in the dining area, and there were only a handful of people sitting at the bar. Our server spent the majority of her time helping the customers at the bar.Food:- Chicken, Mushroom, and Spinach Pie - This rectangular-shaped pizza had plenty of chicken, though there could have been more mushrooms and spinach. Ingredients weren't very well distributed on the corner pieces. The dough is pretty heavy, so it's quite filling.- Garlic Fries - Fresh garlic, parmesan cheese, and parsley. Pretty good and a decent size.
4	Great pizza place.  Super dive though.  Hard to find because it's inside a bar. 21 and up only.  Great food!
3	I'd have to say the pizza was average for bar pizza. I did like the homemade dough, but the pizza seemed to be missing something to make it stand out. I'd get it again if I ever end up in the Moon Doggies bar, but I would not make a special trip there for it.
4	Went in search of a good carry-out pizza: mission accomplished.Ordered their "friction' huge" pepperoni pizza, and asked for it to be "extra crispy" or cooked a little longer than normal.  They were happy to oblige.Couple of notes:  1. Extremely tasty.2. Medium crust height: definitely not thin or deep dish3. Square pizza (hence the missing 5th star--I don't understand square)4.  Frickin' huge means--could comfortably feed 4-6 people who are not starving; I would estimate this would the equivalent of one-and-half large round pizzas (17-inch)5.  Yep, it's a dive bar.  Bar on the right side, pizza order window on the left.  Nice crowd.
5	Awesome food. Dessert was best cannoli I've tasted in the States. Service rocks, super laid back and friendly.
5	I go here at least once a week. Sure it's a dive, so what's your point? It is what it is.  I have ALWAYS got great service and to food is the bomb!  James the bartender is a great guy and is smart as a whip!  Drop your inhibitions, go there and have fun!
3	I so wanted this to be a great pizza place because it is the closest pp to our house. Read all reviews and realized quickly everyone has different tastes so I should stop depending on FOOD reviews.My husband got the Naked City & I got the Guinnea(reviews & menu say it has meatballs but it was a flat piece of meat that I thought was sausage). Have to say these were different than any other pizza I have eaten.I cannot understand how an Italian named Guy Fieri could call this good. The place is a dive, but I wouldn't care if the food was good.I will go back to try a sandwich but it better be a whole lot better than the pizza. On the Food Network website someone says this place was featured on the local news segment of Dirty Dining...if you ever saw some of these places that are closed down by the Clark County Board of Heath it would literally make you sick. The poster said it was reinspected and reopened (I read this review after eating the pizza).It has become VERY popular because of the segment on Diners, Driveins & Dives, very disappointing but another restaurant featured on "Chopped" called Rosemary's diner isn't a dissapointment and we go there again, it is a breakfast & lunch place only. Another recommended foodie recommended place is right next door to Moondoggies(Naked City Pizza) it is called Desuno tacos,if you order food from both NCP and Desuno they will let you eat your food at Desuno, good to know if you have kids, but you must have ordered from both places.The crust was like bread, not pizza dough...granted you got a lot of food for the money, but I wasn't impressed to go back for pizza, I will try the sandwiches and review that at a later time.All in all the people that gave this pizza 5 stars must have gotten drunk before they ate, just sayin' 3 stars is being generous.
5	Yes- It's in a Dive Bar (Moon Doggies), but it was Clean, Yes- Don't bring the kids (Not Allowed Under 18), Yes - they play Loud Grunge Rock type music, Yes - It's not in the Best part of town. But if any of your Yuppie tendencies keeps you from coming here it's your loss. One of The Best Pizza Joints anywhere with Fresh High Quality Ingredients at a moderate price. Think more of the village in NY than fake facade tourist trap Las Vegas.
5	Omg this has to be the best pizza ever!!! You have to get the Guinea pizza and for sure the wings. I have traveled all over the U.S. and I continue to do so. But my husband and I agree that this is seriously the best pizza we have ever had. The wings are a must and you have to get them HOT flavored. So good and so yumny. Also, their beer is on tap freezing ice cold. It will be the best beer you had because of how cold they keep their
4	Naked City Pizza is a smoky dive bar that happens to serve up some pretty tasty pizzas! We enjoyed a very good pizza with pepperoni, sausage, roasted pepper, onion, olives, mozzarella and red sauce. The pizza was fired in a brick oven and the crust was great. The pizza logs were also very good. Service was excellent. Prompt and friendly. Naked City seems like a good place to get some eats, have a drink, and hang-out.
5	I love this place. Im from so cal so when we get to vegas we have to get naked city fix. The pizza here is amazing. Im a fan of dive bars so the fact that its located inside moon doggies is awesome. We ordered the steak and cheese and it was great. It was cover with steak, cheese, and peppers. One of best pizzas I have ever eaten. If you want great pizza in the vegas area you have to eat here.
1	Some of the worst customer service I have experienced! Was told pizza would take 20 minutes waited 39 minutes! First time their first time ordering, person taking the order very impatient and had an attitude. Place is kinda dirty. Pizza was good but they're stingy with the ingredients mostly bread. Would not recommend or go back. There is better pizza places in Las Vegas. Owner need to redeem his name and work on customer service and be more generous with the ingredients
4	What an absolute DIVE! But if you want great pie and cold burruh here you go Suzi Quatro! Even the slices by themself are great...no need to order a whole pie. If you wanna get'cher pig on, get a whole pie...it is splendidicity.
4	PART 1 OK so I finally make my way over to the "Infamous" NCP for the VERY FIRST TIME.. I was a bit past due in making a visit considering I have lived within minutes from it and passed by a lot of times. I even stopped at the tattoo shop next door once and walked right passed it going to my car. Anyhow let's get down to business, enough BS already. My first visit was to meet up with a fellow yelper pal of mine. He suggested it and invited me for dinner one night. I left ordering for us up to him. I enjoy surprises and like pretty much everything when it comes to pizza. So I am convinced at this point that I know I will like whatever it is.It was an Amazing treat of a pizza, he ordered one of the special pizzas, I think it was called something like the "Fat Boy" which had lots of toppings, and he added jalapenos. It was very good, I really really enjoyed it, we also had ice cold beer, damn if I could only remember the name, I know I specifically asked. It was like blue moon or blue ribbon, I really don't recall, ugh. So it was an awesome low profile date, great company, pizza, ice cold beers, buzz! Oh yeah I rocked it. We truly had a ridiculous cool chill time.PART 2I am wanting to take my baby boy Sergio out for pizza one night. So I decided to take him because he lives within blocks of it so it was perfect. He had never been, I mean he is the type that would NEVER go into an establishment that sells beer. He is super straight edge and smelling, touching or looking at an establishment where smoke and or liquor involved is just not acceptable. Anyhow, we ordered a pizza, he only likes cheese on his pizza, so I ordered half cheese and half pepperoni. Ugh, not what I wanted but let's please him, lol as always. I was disappointed, because the pizza is just not the same without being loaded up. It just taste like cheese on some dough which is not as impressive. I had even bragged to him how great their pizza was, just a few days prior. Yes folks, I have never been and then finally go twice in one week.Meh, it was just one of those crappy nights where nothing goes right. For the sake of catching up on reviews I had to review two visits in one review. I know I might be breaking Yelp rules however I am behind and this was two visits in one week within days apart.I thought the Owner was cool, I really wanted to chat with him for a minute however this night may not have been his best. He was a bit tired, brief and short with the order I placed so I stood clear. I followed orders like a good girl and paid, got my receipt and sat down.Oh yeah and I took photos, go look :)
4	Great place to eat, drink and watch football. Guinea pie and suicide fries are a MUST. Although I preferred this place when they had full table service, I will still continue to bring my friends. Wish it was not so close to the bar (smoke) and I wish I could bring my kids..
1	Well this place did not live up to all of the hype! I'm from Buffalo but live here in Vegas now and was excited to check this place out. They claim to be a Bills and Sabres bar but sadly that's not the case. I had friends in from Canada who wanted to watch the Sabres game and I called twice on Monday to make sure they could show the game. The first time I called the girl asked me if the Sabres were a football team! She proceeded to tell me I had to call back the next day and ask the bartender. I had my husband call later that night in hopes of speaking to someone else and getting a definitive answer, after all our friends from out of town were driving all the way from the strip so I wanted to be sure. My husband was told that they would for sure have the game on TV, not on sound (which was fine) but definitely on TV. Fast forward to the next day (Tuesday) we get there along with our friends and guess what?! They didn't have the game! They said they had the package but they couldn't get the game! If you have the package you would've had the game! I was furious! Then we decide okay well we'll eat at least since we're already here. We go to order Loganberry and you guys were out. So then we order a Labatt's you were out of that too! We walked up to the window and ordered our food, and there was a girl there that had the biggest attitude I've ever seen. Everything was annoying to her. At one point I got up and asked her (as she was standing at the bar talking) where the to-go boxes were and with a huge attitude she says "UGH go to window and ask them". I've worked in restaurants before for almost 10 years and I've never seen such AWFUL customer service!!! I don't know how you can claim to be a Buffalo bar and "Home of the Sabres" when your staff didn't even know who they were and you didn't show the game! What an embarrassment it was for us in front of our friends from out of town! You claim to carry all these wonderful things from Buffalo except you didn't have half of it! I was greatly disappointed with our first and only experience!
5	Seriously, best food ever. Amazing staff. Laid back atmosphere. Open late. Weekly specials. Love it here!! Just a note: The pizza shop and bar are separate companies.
5	Had to stop in after seeing on Diners, Drive-Ins and boy what a great place -- we ordered the Guinea's Pie and it was seriously one of the best pizzas I have ever had in my life.  The guys making the pizzas out back were super friendly!  While it was baking, we had some beers in the bar.  The bartender was a great gal, and the atmosphere was great.  We will definitely make this a for sure stop next time we are in Vegas!!  Our only regret was we did not make it back there to take some pizza home with us!!
5	This place rocks! Best Sicilian style pizza in Las Vegas by far. Get the naked city and add meatballs. Meatballs and sausage are made in house and you will be able to tell immediately. Hardcore!!! Slayer on juke box while writing this!!
1	This review is for their new location on Paradise. We had been in town a couple of years ago and stopped at the Arville location and we couldn't wait to go back.  We decided to go to her new location (Wed, November 19th) on Paradise since it was closer- and we were excited.  BIG mistake.  The menu offered just a few of what they offer at the Arville location.  NO Philly steak or pizza rolls here.  We ordered the back home pizza and stuffed peppers.  The pepper was split with a little melted cheese and was totally raw and crunchy.  The pizza came out and looked like something I could have got from the frozen section at the store.  The cheese and toppings were minimal.  the outer two inches had no cheese or sauce at all.  while the middle was a soggy mess.  I asked for a side of marinara so I could  at least eat some sauce with my crust and it was brought to our table ice cold.  I was so disappointed.  It should be noted on their website that the new location does not have the same offerings as the Arville place.  If this location continues to send out food like we received, it will close, and soon.  Would not recommend this to anyone.
3	Not the best pizza in the world, nor the worst. Definitely something that I will not remember unless I come back and read this post and go, oh, I ordered pizza that night.I really came here because I heard that they served poutine, which I first had eaten whilst in Canada on one of my many Detroit Adventures.Poutine was good, no complaints, but again, much like the pizza, kind of forgettable. After this week is over, the chances I even remember the name of this place is slim to none. They were not good enough to remember and they were not bad enough to stand out.
4	Taste: 3.5Creativity/Authenticity: 3Atmosphere: 2.5Service: 3Bang for your buck: 2.5The GF was craving pizza and our buddies who live down the street recommended this place... thank you guys cause this pizza was delicious. Started with the pizza log good but very greasy literally the grease leaked through 2 paper plates onto the table; next we order 2 pizza dunno why got the guinie and pineapple pizza both were great very bold flavors on the guinie i liked the meatball paired with the very flavorful cheese. Best thing about this place probably the cheap drinks IM from LA so 2 beers is about $14, here $5 so im a happy camper. Overall like this place for the food the atmosphere is kinda weird tucked away in dive bar but still worth going Ill be back
2	I like this place a lot.  Great place for drinks and great food.  They make some very good specialty pizzas.  I will say I am a little disappointed they stopped making their Italian sausage (as featured on dine in , drive ins, and dives for the Guinie Pie)  and now use a cheaper substitute that is certainly not made in house.  My last Guinie Pie also had a lot less spinach and feta cheese then it had in the past.  :(
5	Boyfriend and I ordered buffalo wings (hot) and the naked city pizza. Buffalo wings were great. Boyfriend gave them an 8 out of 10. When our pizza arrived we had a slice each and halfway through eating our first slice we realized the toppings on the pizza weren't what we ordered. I went up to the counter and asked if we had received the wrong pizza or ordered something different. The cashier apologized for the mistake and offered to make us a new pizza with the right toppings. She also didn't want to take back the incorrect pizza.The wrong pizza was the fat boy pizza. It was okay but we're not big fans of ham on pizza. When our naked city pizza came, the cashier also refunded us for our buffalo wings! Totally unnecessary but she insisted. The naked city pizza was delicious.This place is great and the staff is super nice. They definitely went above and beyond to make our experience a good one.
5	The Pizza was delicious.  It came delivered in an extra large mutant rectangular box.  We ate the pizza over at the Double Down Saloon.  So we had the guy from diners dives and drive ins' pizza at Anthony Bourdain's Dive Bar.  It was a fun afternoon.  Incidentally, if you go to the Double Down, have the Bacon Martini and an Ebola shot.  The pizza was so big we shared it with the bartender and our cab driver.
5	Best slice of pie I've had in vegas, wife had the meatball sub ,homemade meatballs, we had the suicide & loaded baked potato fries everything was very good including service portions are big, prices are fair - it is a definite must do again for us
4	Naked City Pizza serves up tasty pies, fries, wings, and specialities.  NPC is located inside Moondoggies, a smoke-filled dive bar. you order at the little window, which you can't miss since it's lined with all their prestigious awards.That's just it, this place is all about the hype. Yes, it's a decent pie, but the toppings were sparse. The pizza also isn't anything that you can't find elsewhere and it just doesn't stand out. It's good, but not great and definitely not remember-able. Where NCP excels is in the sammie & fry departments. There are unique offerings and tasty combos. Suicide fries offer a mighty kick and are best served with milk to kill the fire. Not for the faint of heart. My go to sub is The Guinea which as a pizza is meh; when translated to sandwich is crave-able. (I'm salivating as I write this!) With it's combination of house-made Italian sausage, sweet and hot peppers, onion and ooey-gooey mozzarella cheese! This is a sandwich worth driving across town for. I also had one of the best Osso Buco of my life here. It was a weekly special and it was tender and juicy. Although they claim pizza in their title, their best items can be found elsewhere on the menu.
5	Hands down, the best pizza in Vegas. The kitchen is located inside a dive bar "Moon Doggies" which in itself is a really popular spot to wet your whistle and play some video poker along with the great eats.Bring an appetite.
5	I saw this place on triple D, and it lived up to the hype!We had the "Back Home Pie" in the "Frickin' Huge size, it fed 8 hungry guys.
1	Great place to go if you want to wait for over an hour for a small pizza. We asked our waitress if they had forgotten about us -- we got no answer -- 25 mins later our pizza comes without any sort of apology. Not even a smile or a thank you. Will not be returning.
5	Not gonna lie, I was hesitant to check this place out, but I sure am glad I did!  When I arrived, there were about three cop cars parked outside ...at noon.  It just made this dive bar look really sketch.  But maybe all that reluctance built up my appetite, because we ordered everything: wings, a pie that's served on a tray the size of a cookie sheet, fries, and a beer tower.  Needless to say, all that good stuff has left us coming back for more.  The pizza is full of flavor and craft, and is cooked to perfection.  While the pizza is large, it doesn't fold over bc of heavy toppings, and you don't lose toppings dripping off your slice as well.  Such things matter; try and taste for yourself!
2	After hearing about this place on DD&D, I was really looking forward to trying a new pizza place. Unfortunately, my experience was less than stellar. We came in on a Thursday night to a bar that was, at best, 40% filled. It took 15 minutes for the waitress to even come over and take our drink order (not for lack of trying to get her attention) and another 20 just to get our drinks. Considering we ordered a water and a soda, I was a little disappointed. When the pizza finally arrived, it was a little greasey. My friend got a standard pizza (pepperoni), and I got one of their specialty pies. He was disappointed but I thought the pizza was pretty decent. I just would have liked a refill on my water without having to ask the waitress three times. I worked in food service for many years, so I understand that things can happen. But if that's the wait time on a slow Thursday night, I would hate to be there on a weekend.Overall -- respectable pizza, service that left something to be desired. Probably worth giving a second chance, though.
5	Just went back this weekend, better than I remembered..Grimaldi's who??? All about the guinea pie, my favorite with some serious meat balls on it....Love this place!
4	We went to NCP on a Monday around lunch time and they weren't too busy which we were happy about. We ordered the Garlic rolls for the appetizer. They were so delicious and different from any other knots or rolls that I had had before. They have cheese in the middle and plenty of garlic taste. I will definitely have those again. there were 5 of us in my party, so we decided to order 2 pies. We got the Guinea's pie and the Back Home pie. They were both really good! I'm not a big an of spinach on my pizza, but I even liked it on the Guinea's pie. I'd try it again. I really want to try the Margarita pizza next time. We will be back soon!
