5	This place is a hidden gem.  I put this in the deli section but this is so much more than a deli.- local and organic foods- daily specials- salad and sandwich or soup and salad combos- historic building where the preserved the original murals that are over 50 years old.My friend suggested this place for lunch - and it was perfect.  I really like to have a salad with a small sandwich and the salad sandwich combo was perfect.  The small salad was just the right size.  I had the Asian chicken salad and it was great - not at all over dressed and not too many friend noodles.I love that they have rehabed an old bakery that was local owned.  The Red Oak has kept the original murals that were installed in the bakery over 50 years ago.  They also serve smoothies and a breakfast menu. I am very interested in trying an oatmeal smoothie.
3	I work at the University of Pittsburgh and the Red Oak Cafe is one of the few places in the local South Oakland neighborhood where you can get a good fresh salad for quick lunch takeout.  I've eaten there 4-5 times and I've found the salads are pretty good - on every occasion they were composed of fresh greens and they offer a good selection of creative salads.  The soups are only OK.  On the several occasions I've eaten there, I found the soups to be underseasoned and bland and left wondering if the stock wasn't straight out of a can.  I'd love to have fresh, homemade soup that was properly seasoned with freshly-made stock for lunch, especially as the weather grows cold.The major problem, on many occasions I've stopped by for takeout, is the service.  The college students who man the counter act as if serving you was a drag and a nuisance.  On my last visit, I was left to wait for several minutes while the cashier completed a personal conversation with a patron/friend before I was greeted and asked what I wanted to order.  On prior visits, my food was left on the counter without my number being announced and/or I was ignored by staff when I asked a question about the availability of take-out bags.I like the fresh, reasonably-priced lunch fare offered by the Red Oak Cafe, but I hate receiving poor service from disinterested employees..
4	Arguably the only place within walking distance to Pitt that serves food that is not wholly unhealthy. The salad is big and has interesting ingredients (not just a heap of iceberg lettuce).The daily blue plate special is a good deal.It can get a quite busy during lunch time when classes are in session.
4	This is the only restaurant in central Oakland that is both tasty and reasonably healthy.  Plus they make a big deal of using sustainably/locally grown foods whenever possible.I have to disagree with one of the reviewers' disdain for the soup -- the spicy gumbo is pretty good (though I always end up having to add extra hot sauce).  My personal favorite things about Red Oak include:1) Newly expanded hours (7 AM-9 PM), so I can usually get food when I'm hungry.2) Blue plate special is a really good deal. My favorite one is jambalaya, but the pulled pork and the fish are also good.3) Vegetarian blue plate option (beans + veg + grain) -- usually not terribly exciting, but definitely healthy and tasty in an unassertive way.4) You can get vegetables as a side dish instead of chips.5) Oatmeal smoothie should be absolutely disgusting by any standard of reckoning, but it is actually really delicious and can be a meal-substitute in a pinch if you're running really late and have to drink your breakfast out of a straw while you run to class.6) All the sandwiches and salads are really tasty, and you can get a salad made into a wrap if you want.The things that kind of annoy me about Red Oak:1) It gets really crowded over lunchtime, and if the short middle-aged woman who works there thinks you've taken long enough to eat your meal, she will tell you so.  Best times to go are before or after the big lunchtime rush.2) It's a bit more expensive than the other lunch restaurants in that part of town (but totally worth it, especially when you consider that the food is fresh and good for you, unlike the other restaurants in Oakland).
4	Being a vegetarian in Oakland ain't easy, but for a relatively quick (as opposed to table service) meal, Red Oak Cafe hits the spot.  I've found all the vegetarian sandwiches to be tasty (though I fail at eating them neatly--so eat alone or with a friend who you're not too self-conscious around if you get a sandwich).  I usually like vegetable chips, but I'm not a fan of the ones at Red Oak.  Go for the vegetable of the day instead, as the vegetables are tastier (and better for you, too).  The vegetarian bean & grains plate and veg-blue plate special are good, but as another reviewer said, they're not too exciting.The omnivores I've brought here like this place, too--my mother pronounced her corned beef reuben as one of the best she's ever had (not too shabby for a New Yorker).  Maybe I hyped up the oatmeal smoothie in my mind too much, but I found it a little too fruity (grape/cranberry-ish?) for me.  Still, not bad for a good-for-you breakfast in a hurry.Usually I have no complaints about the service, but I did feel awkward when I grabbed a bite to eat here one Friday evening.  The employees were already cleaning the tables even though the place was open for another hour and a half, and chatting really loudly with each other.  I felt rushed.  I guess I can't blame them entirely, as it was a gorgeous day out and it was Friday.
4	This place is totally solid. I got a grilled cheese with tomato and it came with a side of unexpectedly good asparagus.
5	This was one of my favorite places to eat lunch as a student at Pitt.  I wish there was a place this good near my work place.  All of the sandwiches and wraps are delicious, and some of my favorites are the turkey mesquite and the grilled gouda and tomato.  The homemade chips are great, and they have really good, healthy sides for your sandwiches (the green beans are the best I've ever eaten).  The prices are really reasonable, and the restaurant is clean and bright, though a bit hectic at times. I do wish they had more soup options, though. I've never had the breakfast items, but they have a large selection of breakfast foods on the menu.
4	A great place for a healthy lunch!  You can get lunch for a decent price (~$10.00) The buffalo chicken wrap is TO DIE FOR.  It's a nice place with good and healthy choices for lunch...a real gem in a land of McDonald's and fast food.
4	Red Oak is one of the few places in Oakland where it's possible to get healthy food. The wraps and salads are great, the food is locally sourced and organic, and the atmosphere inside is rather cool. It can get busy during the school year, but they're actually rather quick.
3	I like that Red Oak is dedicated to organic food and eating healthy, but the food is just hit or miss. It really depends what you get. I had a chicken wrap with hummus that was very lackluster but the blue plate specials are normally pretty solid. The place is normally packed during lunch but if you want to eat well I think it is a solid choice.
2	I want to like this place.  I love the salad offerings - they offer a good selection of salads that are always fresh, well-composed, and accompanied by a house-made dressing.  The soups are still bland and usually under-seasoned.  The daily specials are usually pretty good (sometimes under-seasoned) and a decent value.  There still isn't anywhere else in Oakland that you can get what Red Oak offers - and that's the sole reason that I've returned, albeit with far less frequency that I'd like to return.The reason that I don't go there more often - the reason that I've always hated going to Red Oak Cafe - is the poor management that is reflected in consistently poor service.  Every single time I go there, the service falls short, I usually end up waiting far longer than I should (in the middle of the workday when I have other things to do), and it's irritating to me.  Really irritating.For example, I went there last week to order a salad for takeout.  After ordering, I stood with three other customers and waited.  An employee (who looked to be a local college student) was carrying on a personal conversation with the cook - less than three feet in front of waiting customers.  After concluding his conversation, he started a new conversation with the cashier - asking whether a prior customer left a tip.  After learning that the customer didn't leave a tip, the worker carried on a multi-minute diatribe insulting the prior customer, and preening himself in front of the growing crowd (who were also waiting for food).  After this, he then had the audacity to ask us what we had ordered (all salads), and then proceeded to quickly throw together out salads - after we had all waited for him to finish his display of unprofessional behavior.  He should have been fired on the spot.The man who appears to be the owner is frequently scrambling around filling orders and trying to do too much himself - while his lazy and undisciplined college student staff lounges around looking hapless and disinterested.  Every single visit involves one or more displays of thoughtless and unprofessional behavior: the cutlery tray is empty - because someone didn't do his/her job to see that it was filled with clean cutlery; food is left on the takeout countertop while its customer waits because of poor communication with customers; customers wait while workers stand around looking clueless; workers have inappropriate personal conversations in front of customers; food ordered to-go is plated for in-house consumption, etc.  It's a horribly run business.That's why I'm done with the Red Oak Cafe.  It's too bad.  I makes me wish that someone with better management skills would open another cafe to directly compete with Red Oak in their food offerings .  They'd have me as a loyal regular customer.
5	This place is outstanding. Dave always has the freshest ingredients and the staff is so friendly. The best breakfast in Oakland (yes, better than Pamela's)
4	I've only eaten here once so far, but I had a good salad at a fair price, and I didn't need to wait long for it. The restaurant is beautifully decorated with Pittsburgh-themed photos, maps, and objects. I haven't made it back here yet, but I plan to sometime in the future.
4	Delicious and healthy food just like your momma's.
4	REALLY like this place! Got lunch here, did the soup and grilled cheese combo; the soup was vegetarian chili. (see picture!) Both delicious.When I first walked in, the girl behind the counter was waiting patiently for my order, so I explained it was my first time there, and I might be a few minutes deciding. Someone in the kitchen must have overheard me, so he came over with a sample of their OTY (pronounced O-TEE) and a pamphlet explaining. Basically it's a warm oatmeal, yogurt, nut, fruit, and tea smoothie. I think it definitely shows the character of a place when someone does that. The OTY was very good as well! Nothing like I've ever had before.Some people have mentioned that it's a little pricey, I personally don't find so at all. My soup and sandwich combo was only $7.50. Everything tasted SO fresh. Tip: parking can be a pain, but it's worth driving in circles a few times. ;)
5	Great lunch and breakfast spot.  Salads, sandwiches and blue plate specials.  All organic, prepared with care and good sized portions.  OATYs are great breakfast on the run on a cold day.  The grilled cheese is yum-tastic. They also have pre-prepared foods that you an grab and carry out.
4	I work in Oakland and, as many other reviews have mentioned, this is one of the few places where you can get healthy AND tasty food in the area. I often order the Blue Plate and I am rarely disappointed (even when it has something like seitan in it). The staff - even if they ARE University students! - are friendly and I admire the co-owner for rolling up his sleeves and often working alongside his employees. It can get REALLY crowded during lunch. So, I recommend you go at/around 1130a. Enjoy!
1	After previous bad experiences at Red Oak I'd stopped going there for a few months.  Today I decided to give them a second try, hoping maybe the staff had changed over enough for them to have improved.  Boy was I wrong!  I ordered 2 salads, both of which came with old lettuce (a few pieces of romaine were red throughout the stem) and mine had a few rotten tomatoes (one was black for half of it).  The final straw? While eating his Ceasar salad my friend cut his mouth on a sharp, hard piece of plastic. I called before walking back to the store and the guy on the phone said they would be willing to make things better.  When I got back to the restaurant the manager walked up, pulled $7 out of the drawer, threw it at me and said, "have a good day" without even asking me what was actually wrong or trying to see what the problem was.  My question to Red Oak after reading all the bad reviews here:  How do you expect to make things better if you won't even listen to what is wrong?
4	Yummy sandwiches, and great chips!
5	They have the best food here. A definite hidden gem in pittsburgh. The Oty's are soooo good. The breakfast sandwiches are amazing. The food is freshly made and good priced. I went here for breakfast and lunch when I stayed in Pittsburgh.They have a big variety on their menu. Very yummy place!
5	The food is healthy, filling, and vegetarian/vegan friendly.  They can cater to gluten free as well.   I enjoy the vegetarian spins on popular sandwiches (e.g the Melvin instead of a Reuben).  The owner goes out of his way to introduce himself and offer samples of new menu items.  The staff are often very busy, but will smile and accommodate your concerns/questions/requests.
4	I'm not sure I was able to give this place a fair shake on my one visit... I ordered the club sandwich. (boo! hiss!)All-in-all, though, it was a great experience, and the place looked like a fantastic place to sit with your neighbors and have breakfast or lunch. The club sandwich comes on a croissant, and although mine wasn't particularly well put-together, the flavors were great, and it was pretty filling. I have to give special props to the curried carrot slivers that they offer as a side dish - they were addictive.My friend had a big salad with lots of goodies, and she seemed pretty satisfied at the end. Next time I'm in Pittsburgh, I want to try the OTY and other house specialties.
5	I have been to Red Oak Cafe twice in the last two weeks. The first time was hands down great and just to make sure it wasn't a fluke I returned again for lunch. Red Oak Cafe gets insanely busy during peak lunch times and rightfully so. This gem makes home style food in a healthy and affordable way. I've gotten a turkey sandwich and the roasted pepper sandwich with the home made chips. I wish I was eating some right now! Portions are good and you won't leave hungry. Red Oak Cafe is definitely a keeper though street parking can be a pain.
3	The concept of healthier food in Oakland is a good one, but this place doesn't deliver. The portions are small and overpriced. Despite the wonderful taste I always leave hungry.
5	Red Oak is hands down the best place to eat healthy in Oakland. The owner is super nice and devoted to creating a great experience. The food is simply grown, but quite innovative. Try the OTY, a Red Oak classic, for an amazing health snack or early morning pick up. :)
5	This vegan gives a thumbs up. Friendly staff over the phone and in person. They modified a sandwich for me (adding crispy seitan from the blue plate to a king kong wrap). The king kong wrap with my added seitan was a texture and taste party in my mouth. Wasabi peas, crispy noodles, and delicious seitan. Sandwich name might be a bit oddly chosen, though.Only in town for a week from NYC, but I have a feeling I'll be back. The prices are reasonable, staff is courteous and helpful, and the food has impressive amounts of  flavor and texture.
4	Red Oak is a great spot if you are looking for a change in the food that is typically served in Oakland. Red Oak avoids the greasy persona of the surrounding venues and offers a tasteful spin on more nutritious entrees. The restaurant offers daily specials which I am quite a fan of.Red Oak is very Vegan and Vegetarian friendly. Red Oak also offers a wide selection of sandwiches and wraps; however, given the scarcity of food that is tasteful, healthful, and served in a creative fashion, I reccomend ordering the specials here.
4	Their food is good, and they have plenty of healthy options including an option for a veggie as your side instead of their delicious chips.  I work in Oakland, so it's a good place to stop by and get lunch from with reasonable prices.  I definitely couldn't afford to eat here every day of the week.
4	Love the feel of this place and the fact that they serve healthier food (especially in Pittsburgh, the city of fries-on-everything).Can't go wrong with what you order, though it would be nice if the portions were a bit bigger for the price. Love the house-made chips and the OTY smoothies (especially the warm ones during Pittsburgh winters).Definitely a nice change of pace for the typical restaurant goer.
4	Went to this place for the first time for lunch today and it was delicious.  I got the Blue Plate special which was an awesome deal for $5 which was a sausage and chicken jambalaya with cheese grits.  It was delicious, though I have to say being a native of New Orleans that it was not true jambalaya (didn't even have rice!).  It was more like a think gumbo or etouffee (also normally served with rice) but the flavoring was delicious and true to the Cajun style of seasoning.  Most jambalayas are tomato based but this seemed to have more of a roux base and was soupy.  The cheese grits were also fantastic.  All the ingredients seemed fresh and of high quality.  It seemed the grits was supposed to be instead of the more typical rice and it turned out to be a nice combination, although less authentic than the original Cajun version.  The seating area is also very cozy and comfortable and the service was fast and friendly--you order at the counter and they bring it out and ask if you need anything.
3	Solid sandwichs made quickly in a nice environment. A good place to go for a quick, solid sandwich.
2	Firstly, I overheard the cashier making very rude comments about a mentally challenged customer who had just left.  Even if these were   this employee's personal feelings I think it's in poor taste to express those kinds of thoughts in a tone that is audible enough for your other dining customers to here.I had to settle for Red Oak because the seating in both Starbucks and Caribou Coffee was all occupied.I ordered the banana and Nutella pancakes that were on special for $5.50.  Just the pancakes no sides were included.  I was hoping more then anything fruit was served with the pancakes..since the place appears to promote healthy food.  When dining in Toronto two slices of fruit usually comes standard but the same is not true around these parts.  Just a slice of honey dew would have been a cheerful addition to the pancakes but no such luck for me. The pancakes were cooked perfectly.  I also got a blueberry mango smoothie that was really delicious and tasted very much of real mango and not of mango flavored syrup. What I did not agree with was the silverware system.  I assumed which I shouldn't have that I would be given silverware. However you have to get your own silverware.  I told the cashier when I placed my order this was my first time dining there it would have been nice had she pointed me in the direction of the silverware after learning that information.There is a reason why this place was practically empty when the surrounding restaurant were packed.  The food is expensive. I saw on the chalk board menus that salads go for as much as $9.00 dollars there. I'd go back for another smootie but nothing more then that.
5	LOVE the Oatie - and that I can now mix the Oatie and the fruit smoothie.  you drink it and you are literally doing your body a big favor!The Oatie is a 3x per week item for me.  The flavors change everyday, so you never know what you will get from day-to-day and I like it that way!
4	When this place is good it's really good. When it's bad though I'm pretty disappointed. Unfortunately I find the food pretty inconsistent. I didn't care so much when they were still new but now I'm a little annoyed by it. Sometimes the salads will have different ingredients than the last time or it just won't be as good. I don't know. I still love the place and am loyal, as it really can be amazing. My favorites are the fruit and nut salad, greek salad, beef cheddar melt, Friday fish special, and roasted beet salad. The ingredients are usually very fresh and everything seems high quality. The owner is very nice. Mmm now I'm hungry.
4	I've only found out about this place this past year. Like the other reviews say, their blue-plate special is definitely worth getting. The portion is sizable compared to the price. The special changes daily and I'm disappointed that classes prevented me from trying all their specials. The only one I've had is their BBQ pulled pork, which also comes with bread, a side of roast potatoes, and a side of vegetables. Their turkey mesquite is also quite good. They spread red pepper hummus on the bread. It comes with a pickle and a side of pita chips. The chips are a bit soggy and oily.I've never had a problem with seating since I always go after the lunch rush but I can see the restaurant is a bit small and might be hard to accommodate everyone during their busy hours.
4	I love their breakfast sandwiches and wraps! I also am a huge fan of the hot OTY (Oats, Tea, and Yogurt) smoothies! I hadn't seen these smoothies anywhere else before and I'm really glad I tried them. The prices are very reasonable and the food is great. I also really like how they serve breakfast all day.
5	Visited this place with 8 folks for breakfast on a Friday morning in June. The owner/ manager was totally sweet! Upon entering, everyone ordered at the counter and then sat at one of the many tables. Lots of wood here, maybe 15 tables or so. Water is serve yourself from the counter, which was actually nice for us since we had water bottles to fill as well. A variety of dishes were ordered, including the banana-nutella pancakes that I went with. Oh man those suckers are good! I loved the pieces of banana inside. I would go back just for those pancakes, but the service was great as well, with the owner taking the time to get to know our group and give us some pointers on things to see near the U of Pittsburgh. Highly recommend this place, especially for those with any kind of special dietary needs- this spot had all kinds of awards on the wall for their vegetarian friendly menu :)
4	Great place for healthy options in Oakland. I had the salmon avocado salad which was good. They also have a juice bar. Can be hard to find a table during peak hours because the place is kind of small. But they do take out if needed! If you're looking for a place in Oakland for lunch I would go here. All of the rest of the options on Forbes you can get any old day.
1	Good heathy food. But, staff is slow to make your food even if not crowded. I have had to leave twice without my food in past year because it took them more than 25-30 min to process my order. If you're in hurry, skip this place, walk across street and grab chipotle instead.
2	I'll start by saying that I have been eating at this restaurant regularly for about a year. I work nearby and often grab breakfast on the way or stop over for lunch. I typically go here because there aren't any other "healthy" restaurants in the area. Let's start with the quality- The other day I ordered a sandwich to go with a side of broccoli. When I opened my tin after leaving I found a SINGLE piece of broccoli. ONE. I once ordered a salad to go for 9.50 and it was nothing more than a handful of bagged lettuce with a piece of bread on top. I once ordered a poached egg "to-go" and after over 25 minutes of waiting they explained to me that the water wouldn't boil and that it would be just a little bit longer. Finally after 30 minutes I asked them to make a different kind of egg, which took them another 10 minutes. 40 minutes in total for a "to-go" order. Next the taste - Some of their food is reasonable when it comes to taste. Obviously, the more unhealthy the better tasting. The pancakes are very good (hard to screw up), sandwiches slathered in cheese and salads slathered in dressing are good too. If you are looking for something healthy, this is not the place to go. Everything is covered in oil. Eggs always come brown (if they are anything but scrambled) and taste gross, "healthy salads" essentially contain no ingredients, vegetable sides are more oil than vegetable, and vegan or vegetarian sandwiches taste like nothing unless they put hummus on it (which is their best-tasting item on the menu). Lastly, let's get to what put me over the edge today - their service quality. Firstly, I should say that they are INCREDIBLY slow regardless of time of day that you visit. Don't come here intending to get anything "to-go" if you really have to go. Anyway, this morning, I went in to order an oatmeal (which is just rolled oats heated with some water). This is something I do often. For God knows what reason, it takes them between 10-15 minutes to make a "to-go" oatmeal every time. They didn't have any bananas today, so I decided that while I was waiting I would go across the street to buy a banana for my oatmeal. This took about 3 minutes. Apparently, the guy working the register (who has never once been friendly to me and always seems to act as if I've killed his cat at one point or another) was upset that I left for 3 minutes. When my oatmeal came out about 5 minutes later, I left, took it to my office, and popped it open, only to taste it and find that he had put a large quantity of salt in there. Apparently I made him mad by leaving for 3 minutes while they took 10 minutes to make my oatmeal, and he decided to punish me. I was willing to put up with everything else until now, but I think this was the straw that broke the camel's back. The one good thing about this restaurant is that the owner is very nice. He seems to care about his customers, but he doesn't seem to care about the quality of fake-healthy food he feeds them. My conclusions are:Go here if: you have a lot of time to spare, you don't mind eating something fake-healthy or unhealthy, you don't mind overpaying for food, and if you're not that hungry so you have time to wait for your food to come out. Do not go here if: you are in a hurry, you want something actually nutritious, you want cheap food, or you want a lot of food.
2	Terrible seating situation. My family and I walked in and there were people standing all over the restaurant between tables because apparently the idea is you just hover over someone until they give up their seats since you seat yourself here. I was in a party of 4 and we had to have 2 of us a table for 2 and 2 of us using half of a table for 4 because two other people were in the other seats.On top of this horrible seating method, there was no chocolate milk left when I ordered (which isn't really that big a deal it just didn't help with my liking this place), and they also ran out of coffee (which I actually thought was odd..), and there's only 1 unisex bathroom so you have to wait forever for it unless you're the only one in the restaurant that has to go.It was good enough that if they changed that awful seating method I would definitely reconsider going there again but until then I'm out.
4	fish taco friday!!!!!!that is all.
2	Had lunch there 10/13.  The place was packed.  Good service. Food was ok, not bad but not memorable in any way.  Fair price.  Too many other and better places nearby to go back.
5	What a delight it was to discover this nice place.  Located In the heart of Oakland, if you are interested in some healthy but approachable and delicious fare, why not give the Red Oak Cafe a try?  I had the hummus wrap and the veggie chili which was very good.  Although the wrap was vegetarian it was actually quite "meaty" tasting and really satisfied my hunger.  The owner was very helpful with our rather large group.  The vibe was relaxed and I'll be sure to come back again.
3	Today I experienced what I've been saying drives me crazy about this place. Inconsistency. I ordered the fish tacos, as I do every Friday for lunch. They used different tortillas today that were dry and hard and did not taste very good. Why, oh why! The slaw was a little different today, too. No surprises there, as the mango slaw always seems to change. It's always good, though. The avocado sauce was creamy and today I got much more than last week. The fish was the same as always. Delicious. The rice salad they serve with the tacos was hot today. Last week it was served chilled. Which is it, red oak? How should it be? I don't know what to expect!I mean, don't get me wrong, they were still good. I still love this place. But I just wish I knew what I was getting from day to day.
3	Really, really mediocre. Left feeling as if I could have made a better salad AND sandwich. Not enough dressing and the sandwich was really salty (had a pick two--Caesar salad and Texas turkey sandwich). Smoothie was good though, not too sweet didn't have a sugar overload like most places
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Oakland. They offer really good vegetarian options and the salads are huge and delicious. It gets really busy at lunch time and can be tough to find a place to sit down but it's worth it. I often get the red pepper hummus and veggie wrap and I like that depending on the day, the vegetables inside are slightly different and it's always yummy.
4	I really like Red Oak Cafe! I love all the fresh, healthy and local aspects of their menu. I like the atmosphere and the decor, it's very warm and inviting. I like that Red Oak falls somewhere between "fast food" and "casual dining." What I don't like about Red Oak, as many other reviewers have said, is the inconsistency of the food. Don't get me wrong, the food is ALWAYS good, it's just that sometimes it's not what you expect. I usually get the Bach breakfast sandwich, which is egg, ham and swiss cheese served on a buttery croissant.  Sometimes the sandwich is perfect to just pick up and eat on the go and sometimes it's just so messy that you have to knife and fork it. Also sometimes the ham they use tastes different, like maybe it's seasoned differently? Another item on the menu that is always a winner is the pancakes. Their pancakes are really good, but the size of them varies greatly. I also love the Southern Chicken Salad (mostly just for the Ranch dressing, I know i'm just your typical yinzer who loves the ranch sauce). All of the sandwiches and salads I've tried over the years have been good. They also have a sandwich for breakfast called the Dippy Dinosaur, so extra points for that. I love Dinos!I have a weird texture thing when it comes to certain foods/drinks, so sometime the OTY smoothies are a little weird for me, but the flavors are always great. It's a great meal replacement if you don't have time for breakfast on your way to work. The staff is always friendly enough and the place is clean. You'll pay a little more than you would at any of the chains nearby for certain items, but it'll be worth it! If you're looking for quality food and don't have time for a traditional sit down restaurant, this is definitely the place for you.
4	This is one of my favorite lunch stops in Oakland. The food here is fresh, the vegetarian menu is good, and the people serving the food are nice. The owner actually came out to the floor to offer all of the customers free samples of some homemade juices they were trying out. In regards to the food, I usually have the red pepper hummus wrap, which is really good. There are breakfast options that are tasty as well as the soups and chilis (the vegan chili is awesome). I've never gotten one of their salads, but a friend I went with once got the cobb salad and had good things to say about it. I would say the one drawback is that it can be a bit pricey for the amount of food you get (I still can't believe that some of these places sell a sandwich and chips for over 8 bucks), but you know the quality of the food will be good- and you hopefully will be able to sit inside the cool restaurant and make Forbes passersby envious of your scrumptious meal.
4	This is a great lunch spot and I love all of their healthy choice options.  The seating is very limited and it can get quite busy during the lunch hour so I recommend getting take out or getting there early to grab a seat.  They serve 2-3 breakfast specials all day and then have options to order soup, salads, and many different wrap/sandwich choices.  They have vegan and vegetarian options. I recommend the mosquite turkey wrap and buffalo chicken wrap. The food is always very fresh and is served quickly. You also can pick from a number of side options. I usually go with the vegetable of the day which in the past has been green beans, carrots or a vegetable medley. You can also choose from their homemade chips, fruit or slaw.
4	Great place for vegetarians. Its often hard to find places that offer more than one or two options without meat. This place had quite a few, many of them healthy with options like quinoa, kale etc.I had a smoothie and walnut pancakes, both delicious. Some of the other reviews mentioned limited seating. I thought it actually had quite a bit of room. I do see how it could be annoying at certain times of day when the line to order runs through the seating area, but it wasn't bad during my visit.Will definitely stop here again when I'm in town.
3	I can see why some love red oak, but I can also understand the disliking of it. Some plusses are local, organic food. It's very vegan & vegetarian friendly. The food is average. I'm going to have to try their pancakes next time. Some downsides would be the seating. There really isn't too much of it (from Oakland standard with hundreds of college students in walking distance) It really seems larger from the outside. So for newcomers (because we were totally lost & confused), you order at the front then they give you a number & serve your food. You grab you own salt packets, (I couldn't find pepper) ketchup & hot sauce bottles as well as your own water. I can see how that's a good thing rather than having bottles on each table.So again the food was ok..  bobby was feeling under the weather and asked for a suggestion on juices. She suggested the "ginger" one & said it has orange juice in it. Sounds refreshing right? She forgot to mention the carrots, which is fine but overpowered the flavor especially when you weren't expecting it. Bobby asked for a side of ice because the juice was warm.. What bothered me the most was bussing your own table (atleast I'm assuming that's what you do since the bussing bins are labelled. I wouldn't think the labels would be for the workers.. again I was totally lost) you dump your leftover food in the trash then plates have their own bin, silverware then cups in the 3rd. I ended up getting ketchup all over my hand which brought back terrible memories of being a server lol.I'll be back to try the pancakes but I'm sure ill be solo dolo. My s/o wasn't very fascinated
5	Awesome tasting, healthy, affordable food. Perfect for lunch in Oakland.
5	This is one of the best if not the best restaurant in Pittsburgh.  It has very unusual, tasty and healthy choices.  One of my favorite dishes is the salmon avocado salad, perhaps the best salad that I have ever eaten and very different from any other salad.  I also love their sleek wrap.  Other excellent choices are the red pepper hummus wrap, the melvin sandwich, the veggie burgher and many many others.  The best fish tacos that I have ever eaten are served for lunch every Friday in their blue plate special; I love that dish and the accompanying corn rice salad both eaten with lemon which is supplied on request.  I work in Oakland and am almost never disappointed by the Red Oak.
4	This is a great little lunch spot tucked into a small storefront on Forbes Ave. in Oakland.  Typically busy at lunchtime, but for a reason.  The vegetarian fare is varied and consistently very good.  Prices are reasonable if not particularly low.  Finding a seat can be difficult, and you should be prepared to potentially wait, and to share a table with strangers if you're planning to eat in.  Carry out is also available, food tends to take ~7-10 minutes to come out, depending on what you order.Sadly, no lunch delivery.  I think they do catering, but with a more limited menu.  I'm unsure as after several attempts to reach someone there who could talk to me about it, I gave up and found another place to order from for our weekly reading group.
4	First of all they ARE open Sundays.  Yelp says it's closed.This is a tasty diner type atmosphere with great pancakes, coffee, and fresh juices.  I'd definitely come back.
5	Amazing food. I've had this placed bookmarked for almost a year and am kicking myself for waiting so long to go!  The food was fresh, with unique flavor combinations that tasted fantastic!!  Highly recommend visiting here. I had the 1/2 beef mushroom melt and 1/2 beet goat cheese salad. So good!
4	Went here for lunch yesterday. The atmosphere is nice as well as the staff. I got the Ruben with Brussels sprout hash. It was really good but left me a little hungry which is why I am giving this place 4 stars. I don't want to be too hard on the red oak cafe because the food was good and the prices were reasonable. If you are in the area this is a safe place to land for a good meal.
5	Stopped here while visiting and loved the variety of vegetarian options. I had half veggie hummus wrap and Greek salad. The wrap was amazing just wish it was a bit larger. That being said, my Greek salad made up for it and was huge! Everything was very fresh and yummy. Seating was a bit of an issue. My boyfriend and I lucked out and managed to get a seat but other people behind us weren't so lucky. Still worked out though. My boyfriend got the mushroom beef melt and salmon salad and he was impressed with it too. I will go back when I'm in town again!
5	This is one of my staples. I only go here with a friend and usually run into people I know. It's a great little place for socializing and you have to take a friend in order to get the best bang for your buck. So here's what you should do! One of you order a sandwich (I prefer the Frick) and another should order a helping of the Nutella pancakes. Then you split those suckers in half and chow down on your 1/2 sandwich 1/2 pancake meal you just created and wallow in happiness. It's the perfect helping size and the perfect mix of savory and sweet. I can't attest for anything else (aside from the coffee of course!), because after doing this once, I never had the heart to order anything else and miss out on this concoction! Highly recommend.
4	This is only a review of the $5 lunch for restaurant week on Tuesday: Sriracha bowl came out initially with literally an infinitesimal amount of chicken. I decided to give some grace and ask to speak with the manager before posting a review. He ultimately corrected it for me and I went on with life lol. So just beware of these instances during busy restaurant week! It was decent after the fix was made. I posted a pic of the meal before it was corrected and afterwards.
3	It's been awhile since I've been here, but when my lab was located on Forbes Ave., we came on occasion for lunch.  My PI was a big fan of the blue plate special at the time (fish with avocado sauce), and I agree that it was pretty good--particularly the sauce, which was super-flavorful and really spruced up the fish, which was quite bland).  This is definitely some of the healthier food you'll find in Oakland, although it will cost you a bit more than at other local places.  While I was a fan of the blue plate special, the salads I've had from here have been just okay.  Then again, I'm not a huge salad person, so perhaps salads have to be really original and delicious to wow me, and, to be honest, I have yet to find that in PGH (other than perhaps at Cure).My biggest complaint about this place is the seating area.  As others have noted, there aren't many tables, and it can be difficult to snag one if you come in during peak lunch hour.  I'd recommend getting your lunch to go and walking a block or two to the benches near Posvar Hall to eat it--or else taking it back to your desk.  My lab used to come here during non-peak hours to avoid this problem, but at least once, we came later and the blue plate was sold out.  I've come here more than once with a group and we've walked right back out when there was no seating for us.  Overall, an okay option for lunch, esp. if you're looking for something on the healthier side, but assume that you won't be able to be seated if you come during peak hours and plan accordingly.
4	Get your inner hippy out for a trip to Red Oak.  This place is a diamond in the rough in the midst of a college campus.  It's surrounded by fast food (think McDonalds, burrito joints, wings) and is a breath of healthy fresh air amidst the trans fat factories.They have a lot of neat options ranging from vegan wraps to grilled cheese sandwiches to tasty salads with lots of healthy and fresh vegetable combinations.  I tried one of their smoothies for the first time - it was beet based and while I'm not one to typically order a shake made with raw beets I rolled the dice and I believe I left a healthier person.  I felt like I earned my Birkenstock sandals.Red Oak is busy at lunchtime, and when school is in you're going to stand in line and then play musical chairs to get a seat.  The middle of the restaurant hosts a large community style table and the opposite wall is lined with a counter and benches.  There are several four top tables that are very tightly lining the other wall.  This is not my favorite place to sit for lunch - but definitely one of my favorite places to EAT lunch.
5	had the best breakfast sandwich ever! good service, nice decor, only complaint is lack of wifi - but it doesn't matter much
5	Love the food here! The portion is not big but always enough for me. I always like to order their today's special :), never disappointed!
4	I am a fan of Red Oak as it is one of the few healthier options in Oakland. Also, they are very veggie-friendly and I appreciate that even if their seitan isn't the best ever.  I think that everything I have ever had here has been good, but I haven't ever had anything great.Service can be a little dodgy--the last time I ate here, my two lunch companions finished their salads before mine was delivered even though we all ordered at the same time.  That being said, there is never a long wait even if it's crazy busy--which it often is.My favorites here are the sleek (kale/quinoa salad side dish) and any fresh juice from the juice bar. Yum!  I'll keep coming back.
4	Just a really solid little joint with great quality ingredients, low carb and gluten free options, and a great Pittsburgh vibe. I wish there were more places like this to get crafty sandwiches in the city. Whenever I visit from Seattle, I always want to grab a bite here. Try the Carnegie breakfast sandwich or the Sriracha chicken wrap. Also, my sister is a veg and she swears by The Melvin -- a seitan Reuben that doesn't disappoint.
5	I had the Vegan Chili and the Smokehouse Turkey Sandwich. Both were great. The Smokehouse Turkey had turkey, Bacon and Gouda cheese on grilled Texas toast with sun dried tomato hummus, lettuce and tomato. A terrific combination. A bowl of the chili on a cold day would hit the spot.
4	Lunch at this place is always crowded, especially with people who work at the hospital. However, its worth it. I had the red pepper hummus wrap and my sister had the fish tacos. Both were very tasty. It can be loud since its crowded, but we didn't mind. They're quick, have good service, and have multiple vegan options. Also, its close to Pitt and if you're a student you should try it out.
4	Red Oak is a great alternative compared to the other food in Oakland, for a great price. The food is much healthier than most Oakland options, and has a variety of options. They also offer breakfast all day long. Service isn't fabulous during lunch rush, but I have never had a problem. Their smoothies and juices are excellent!
4	I came here with my mom and sister for my moms birthday last week. Overall awesome experience! We came around noon and it was packeddddd, I will plan better when coming next time. It's not very large in there and therefore it was quite noisy and crowded. But that was really the only downfall of the experience. I ordered a Cobb salad and their smokehouse turkey sandwich on their "pick two" combo. I placed my order at the counter, took my number and found a seat. The half portion of my salad and sandwich were quite large and satisfying! And for $8.75, you couldn't beat it! Everything was fresh, from the avocados in my salad, to the lettuce and tomato on my sandwich. Everything was tasty and I left feeling very full and satisfied:). The avocado vinaigrette on my Cobb was amazing. It was so refreshing to have a healthy, fresh meal in Oakland! I also tried a few spoonfuls of the cream of mushroom soup my mom ordered... It was packed with flavor! Mhm! I am excited to have found this little gem. I plan on returning this week! :) (Just a note: after paying, I noticed two receipts on the counter with slashes through the tip area, leaving me here to give the public service announcement to tip! Yes, you aren't ordering with a server... But your meal is still being brought to you. The servers might all run food during lunch in order to deal with the crowds and might split tips. Regardless, just tip, always- when you're being served! :) end rant !)
2	I came back since I had a good experience the last time I went, and I was excited to try a new dish. They advertise that they have vegan options, so I asked them what options they had but the cashier didn't know. She wasn't incredibly helpful either about asking other staff members. I just got the Melvin with no dressing and vegan cheese and my sister ordered the pumpkin pancakes. They were good, but my sandwich was probably the size of my hand and I'm am incredibly petite. I know asking for vegan food is a lot in Pittsburgh, but making sure your staff is knowledgeable in these situations would be a good idea.
1	Vegetarians beware... I don't eat red meat, and ordered a cup of something the person working called "vegetarian chili" on the phone. I referred to it by the same name when I stopped in a few minutes later and ordered it to go, with no correction. Walked back to my office to find a bowl full of mostly meat (with a few carrots/peppers thrown in). Super misleading, and disappointing. I am giving it one star because I did eat in the restaurant once and had a good sandwich. Just don't get anything to go. This is very close to work, and I was excited to find something with healthier options, but not sure if I'll be back.
4	I was in town for work and this was the place my U. Pitt colleagues took me for breakfast.  It's a local breakfast and sandwich joint that everyone in the office likes to go to because it's owned and operated by an alum.  And because it's good.The interior has a hippie/organic feel to it: cozy, and food specials written on slate in a myriad of chalk colors. And I'd like to highlight that the staff here is incredibly friendly and chatty.  And honest.  I was mulling whether or not to get the medium or large coffee and the server informed me that both sizes were the same price. Bam, done.  Large it was.None of it is anything you haven't seen before, but IT'S ALL DONE REALLY WELL. I was referred to the breakfast sandwiches, all named after someone historic.  I ate the 'Michelangelo': eggs, spinach, provolone and mushrooms on grain bread.  Simple but fantastic.  And the coffee here is good too.  Good food and good coffee at the same place seems to be a rare occurrence these days, like a sasquatch riding a unicorn pulling a sled filled with leprechauns.  When you find a place like this, latch on!  My colleagues also enjoyed their food.  The only mark agains this place is the ventilation.  As I write this from a coffee shop in Portland, ME, I can still smell the restaurant on my coat.  Please find a way to fix this and I'll pay rent and move in tomorrow.
4	Delicious salads and sandwiches on Forbes. Counter service makes it perfect for a quick lunch.
