5	I don't know of a more caring group of professionals more dedicated to the well-being of our four-footed friends. I recommend Pam Mache and her crew without reservation!
5	I cannot imagine a better veterinary practice to take my best friend to. We've been using Lakeview for about 4 years, and have met with each of the vets and techs on staff at some point. They are all caring, informative, professional, and clearly love what they do. A friend of mine was unhappy with her vet and asked if we were happy with ours. She tried Lakeview and was thrilled she made the switch.On several occasions, we have called Lakeview with a problem or question, unsure if we should bring our dog in (e.g., she ate a BBQ chicken wing). Many times, they have given us free advice/suggestions over the phone to try prior to bringing our dog in. More than once, this was enough to avoid bringing her in, saving us time and money. Now, Lakeview is not cheap -- but what vet is? The fact is, they are not trying to squeeze money out of you for things your pet doesn't need.We will be leaving the Madison area soon, and losing Lakeview as our vet is one of the things that upsets me most! I am sure it will be difficult to find a vet as great as the group at Lakeview!
5	Lakeview is simply the best vet clinic in Madison. They *love* their "patients" and always remember my two cats (as well as my parents' grouchy ginger tom). We've never been kept waiting, but always been directly escorted to an exam room, which is nice when your cats aren't used to being around a Mastiff. Tom, Pam, and Bridget make sure to listen to concerns and make reasonable recommendations, and both the DVMs and the vet techs lavish loving care on the pets. You can tell they really adore their jobs. They are expensive, but they also communicate well on preventative care and e-mail both vet reports and reminders of when routine care is needed, like vaccinations. They also have a "pet portal" similar to MyChart for humans, so that you can look over your pet's file online (which is very useful when your pet gets sick away from Madison). They also don't try to sell you junk you don't need, and they've never scolded me for not having a collar on my micro-chipped cats, who despise collars. They have creative "bribes" (like baby food) to keep the animals still while giving them shots, and often reward them with treats after their check-ups. The only procedure I've had done elsewhere in Madison was neutering; the Dane County Humane Society does spaying and neutering for extraordinarily less money, and they do a great job. I wouldn't go anywhere else in Madison for the routine care of my two fuzzy boys. If you have dogs, you can even go next door to Mallatt's after your dog's exam for free dog treats!
5	I brought my dog to Lakeview for the first time this month and will definitely return.  Good customer service goes a very long way. Dr. Banks is very charismatic and knowledgeable and you can tell she really cares about the animals she treats.  I had a bad experience with another veterinary clinic on University Avenue where I felt like I was being nickel and dimed, but this was not the case at Lakeview.  Dr. Banks delivered great care without breaking my wallet and for that, I am truly thankful.
5	This place is amazing.They were helpful when I called in concerned about my cat's eye possibly being infected. They were able to get me an appointment the next day.Then due to unforeseen circumstances we were running late for our 2 pm appointment. I called them and asked if it would be okay if we weren't there until 2:30. They said it was fine. Then more unforeseen circumstances occurred so we called them at 2:20 , apologized and asked if we could come in at 3:00. They said that was definitely okay. I was apologizing profusely and the vet on the phone (Kristi Crass) kindly said that it's fine and that she's here anyways. She was able to make room to see us. She saw us promptly, was really gentle with our cat, gave a quick diagnosis of an eye infection and gave us eye drops. She was patient, kind, understanding, and accommodating. We definitely have found our vet. The cost of the visit was about $50 - extremely affordable considering this was our cat's first visit there and that he also received eye drops.TL;DR: Affordable & accommodating. I highly recommend this place to anyone and everyone.
5	First experience with Lakeview Vet Clinic was wonderful. Kristi was very gentle with my cat Zoo, but made sure to examine her fully. All of the staff was very courteous and was willing to answer any questions I had during the appointment, even though I had question after question being a new cat owner. They've also been great when I've reached out for help via phone when I didn't have an appointment. The only comment I would make is regards to the exam room we we're placed in for the appointment. It must say it was rather clean and tidy, well lit, and had no odor whatsoever. It was however, a bit loud. There were 2 doors leading to the room, one from the lobby and one from the back area. There was lots of noise coming from both sides, and while it wasn't an issue for my cat, I can see how this might scare someone's pet more than going to the vet already did! Just something to keep in mind. I'm not sure how many exam rooms they have, and perhaps there is one that is quieter.In general I'm so glad I was able to find a Vet Clinic like Lakeview. I am happy to know my cat is in great care during an appointment and it offers peace of mind having such a knowledgeable and helpful staff. I look forward to many years with a healthy Zoo with the help of Lakeview. Thanks!
5	After our regular vet changed her practice we needed to find another place for our kitties. I choose Lakeview because of the other reviews here on Yelp and I'm glad I did (thanks reviewers!). I had an emergency with my kitty this week and brought him in without an appt on what was a fully booked day for them. They worked us in immediately and Dr Pam was wonderful. They treated my boy and sent us home, knowing he would either get better that night or be back the next day. Unfortunately, we were back the next day. Again it was super busy and they worked us in without an appt (thank you so much to the others that waited a little extra for us!!). It was determined that he needed an ultrasound (which resulted in surgery) and they recommend a place to take him (since they don't do that) and even called ahead for us. I couldn't have asked for anything more- they helped save my best friend's life!My only complaint (and it's minor) is the same as another reviewer- the rooms are really loud. For the sick and scared animals that definitely adds to the stress. The outstanding care helps to make up for it though.
5	I love Lakeview. I'm terrible with names, so I'm not exactly sure of my vet's name. Either way, all of the staff is fantastically friendly and knowledgeable. I will never take my cat anywhere else. I understand some people's hesitance because of the higher expense. A few years ago my cat was having issues and I took him to Companion Animal Hospital because they were cheaper. On the first visit they said nothing was wrong with my cat and I left. Awhile later my cat started yowling in pain constantly, but with no visible thing wrong with him. My boyfriend and I took him back and paid for $400+ in expensive tests. Still nothing. They turned us away. I just didn't know what to do. A few days later I woke up to my cat peeing blood. My boyfriend made the call to take him to an emergency vet (Lakeview was closed). They diagnosed him right away and began treatment. They said if we had waited 12-ish hours my cat's bladder would have ruptured and he would have been killed. Now I will never hesitate to pay the extra.Lakeview has been very helpful with managing my cat's medical problem. They're very knowledgeable and always know how to help. I find them to be very thorough in their regular exam as well. Those who scoff and claim thoroughness is an excuse to jack up prices, you're wrong. Lakeview really does check for more than others.My boyfriend's family has also been going to this vet for quite some time. More recently they were amazing at helping manage extreme separation anxiety when my boyfriend and I were dog sitting. I also came with for emotional support when my boyfriend's family had to have their very old, lovable dog put down. Lakeview was truly amazing during the whole process. They even seemed emotionally attached to the dog. I've never been more sold on the quality of a business. I would recommend them to anyone.
5	I have four pets and occasionally have my mother's dog here also, and I take all of them to Lakeview.  The vets and staff at Lakeview are wonderful and they've taken fantastic care of my elderly cats, who have many ongoing health issues, as well as my young and very energetic dog, who has allergies.  My dog is easily frightened, but loves to kiss everyone at Lakeview.  The vets have helped me a lot with cat medications in the form of topical gels and treats that I can administer easily, especially to my feral cat.  I think I've seen each vet there by now and each one has been thorough, friendly, and knowledgeable.  Yes, the examining rooms are not at all soundproof, but that's the only thing I would change there.  It was a big relief to find such a great veterinary clinic when I moved here and I recommend them highly.
