5	Just opened on the edge of the Ballantyne area is a new Asian Sushi Bar. The restaurant is located behind Bojangles next to Carolina Bistro. We have stopped by a few times and everything has been wonderful. I generally get the Sashimi and the pieces are large and fresh. The sushi rolls are the same large and fresh and their prices are very reasonable compared to others in the area. They also have a Chinese menu and a Teriyaki and Hibachi menu for those who do not like the raw stuff. A friend of mine had the Hibachi and loved it. If you stop by, keep in mind they have just opened and are having the usual growing pains of a new business. One last note, there is no alcohol being served for 30 days due to local regulations. But they will have a full bar soon.They are open for lunch and dinner 7 days a week!
5	Absolutely love this restaurant... Nice and quiet on the inside, great food with friendly staff.  They are slightly on the slower side, but not any slower then another sit down restaurant.  Great prices, good food, need I say more?
4	It's a small restaurant, but well thought out. There are two private booths near the sushi bar on the side. I think they would be ideal for those more intimate dates, or for people hard of hearing, or for those who get easily distracted. The rest of the seating was either open booths, tables, or the bar. The menu had many delicious looking entrees and very well priced! I got the bento box...and I needed an extra stomach to fit it all in! To start off, my husband and I got the wonton looking "chips" with sweet and sour dip. Then we got salads and soup. My main course was hibachi shrimp, rice, California sushi roll, shumai, and shrimp and veggie tempura. That was just mine...They serve loose leaf tea in cast iron kettles...heavy...you will need two hands to pour. It's a new restaurant and yes, like all restaurants there are kinks to work out. We spent 1.5 hours here, the first 50 minutes waiting on the main entrees. However, we loved a slow dining experience that was well paced with the first course tiding us over. Our server was great and all the employees were hustling around and there was only one sushi chef for the entire restaurant. They seemed to handle the rush and stress well. My favorites were a bilingual receipt (Chinese/English) and a bilingual fortune cookie (Spanish/English). Our total bill was under $25 (w/o tip) and the food was very good! I'm not one to drive far and this is not close to my house, but I see me visiting this place again in the future...and often.
4	Massive menu for both sushi and "savory" stuff. Salads and dressings are really nice. Honestly, I've been there about 4 or 5 times and the food doesn't WOW me, but it's not bad considering the location and price. Nice wait staff, relatively low wait time. Pretty decent!
2	This restaurant I give it a 2 star, its a real nice place small and cozy and very clean!!!! They serve there food in big white elegant plates. The food is ok not the best.
4	Finally made it to Hanako though they've been open for a while now.  It's a nice, small restaurant with affordable, good Asian (mostly Japanese and Chinese) food.  Service was great, entrees were reasonably priced and the bento box was huge.  The sushi was good, but they don't have too much too choose from.  That's the only negative so I will be back.  Oh, I almost forgot about the complimentary dessert - fried pineapple.  Yum.
1	We stopped at this restaurant last night. As we walked to the door, we saw they have a "C" health rating. I have never actually seen a restaurant with this low of a rating. They also had handwritten signs with markers on the windows about their "full bar". It would have looked more professional if my 6 year old had written them. Based on their health rating alone, we turned around and left. Sounds like some serious issues especially when you are dealing with sushi. Pass this one by.
4	Really good take out Chinese joint. Broccoli Trio is awesome! Not a sushi lover so will leave it up to someone else to review that.
3	This was a neat little find. I do like "hole-in-the-wall" sushi places and this one hit the spot. My friend suggested it (I really need to get him on Yelp!) and so we stopped in here for a late lunch.We both ordered the sashimi special, which comes with the usual salad topped with ginger dressing (does it have to be so cold??) and a bowl of spicy egg drop soup (mushrooms??). But the main course was where it was at. As with so many sushi restaurants, a great presentation. Each piece of fish was individually set in a wooden boat, garnished with crab salad and a carved lemon. You have to look at the picture to see how well this chef did.Price is a little high, but it's totally worth it.
4	The food was very good, definitely will come back!!! We just move in the neighborhood and decided to try this place ,the bento box was huge and delicious , the salad was fresh and dressing was yummy. The tempura was great, the honey chicken was crispy and flavorfull my daughter loved it!!!
1	LONG STORY SHORT: WORST SERVICE, WON'T GO THERE AGAIN.Ehhhh... I don't know. Foods, "Okay". Service, worst Ive ever experienced. I was so close to ask switch our server(Although there could be only one nominee who was so busy serving other tables, couldn't ask for him).I'm usually not a picky person at the restaurant, , because I used to work at a restaurant for years and I know what it feels like to serve the table when customers are being picky.When we were ordering, the waiter did not know anything about the menu, absolutely nothing.. Seriously, YOU HAVE TO TRAIN YOUR SERVER RIGHT, OWNERS! He even took out the take-out menu out of his pocket and circled the ones that we were ordering, showing it to my face every time we add one. Our server forgot to bring the soup for the hibachi, I had to ask for one. Also, when I asked for some more ginger for the sushi, he just slid, or should I say "threw" it onto table?, making a face. No refills. because we ordered one beer and waters for others.Well, here's the my main reason why I won't be going to this place again and giving a one star.There was a BUG in my water, politely asked for a new one, mentioning of the bug in the water, the hostess/waitress(b/c our waiter rarely came to our table) just said "OH!" and ran into the kitchen. Our waiter brought a new cup without an apology. I do understand there might be a bug/hair or whatever can be in the food/beverages without a purpose, but no apologies? That, I cannot understand.I tip very nice. I even tip the cashier when I make take out order. I tip the baristas when I go to a coffee shop. That's my way of appreciating the great service. I felt sorry for the guy who served our table tonight. I truly believe he did not deserve any tip at all, but for a sake, he brought our foods to table at least, did SOME work.I did not make a complaints, because I knew I wasn't going to come back and even if I say something to them, I could see there will be no change. Instead, I gave him 10%. I know this is such a horrible thing to do, but he seriously did not earn 20-25%. When we were leaving the table, the guy snatched the check and checked the amount of tip to calculate how much I tipped him, gave me a look(again). If he asked me for some more, I was going to say that service was the worst and was even willing to take away the tip I gave him previously. THAT WAS SO RUDE!I should've tipped the sushi chef, realizing I spent my $$ on wrong person.If anyone who works at the restaurant reads this, please thank the chef for me, because he did a nice work on sushi.So, here's a penny for my thoughts for the service that I received on my birthday :)Again, TRAIN YOUR SERVERS RIGHT, Owners. That's all I can say.
3	The service deserves a 5/5.  We were completely blow away at how friendly our waiter was- definitely a sweetheart!  The food is ranked at a 2/3ish outta 5.  Let me explain:Pro:  1) Happy hour here is amazing.  They topped off my wine glass to the brim!  2) Our lovely waiter also gave us some free tempura pineapple for dessert (woohoo)!Con: 1) They offer Chinese, Japanese, and Thai food.  When you try to be a one-size-fits-all kitchen, you end up losing your unique edge.  I ordered the Japanese teriyaki and was not impressed at all.  Even when I drenched it in my beloved shrimp sauce (aka: spicy mayo), it still left a rubbery aftertaste in my mouth.2) Everything we ordered ended up tasting so-so but the price is a bit on the higher end- even after using our couponI would definitely come back for some wine during their happy hour, but might go to the Bojangles across the street to get my dinner fix.
3	Went for lunch today, Saturday.  Place was empty when I arrived around 12:00 but got progressively busier.  I sat in a booth and was given a lunch menu.  I thought this was more of a "sushi" place but they really offer everything (hibachi, Chinese fare etc...).  I was in the mood for sushi and their lunch menu only had a few options and maybe I should have asked for a regular sushi menu but stuck with what I was given.  For $7.25 I had 2 extremely mediocre sushi rolls (Spicy Tuna, Shrimp Crunch) salad, and miso soup.  The miso and salad were pretty much what you get everywhere, nothing earth shattering.  The sushi was pretty meh....it lacked flavor and the shrimp crunch was just topped with panko crumbs nothing spectacular.  I eavesdropped on the next table after my food arrived and they ordered off the regular sushi menu.....why didn't they give that to me?  From my experience today I will stick to Jade or 18 for good, quality sushi right down the road.  I may return to try the Hibachi.
2	2nd time not a charm...cold soup, overfried chicken, fishy fish...this place used to be ok..not sure what happened.The server was very kind and apologetic, server was great!
1	We ordered takeout from Hanako on a Saturday at 4:20 pm. I asked for pickup at 5:00. When I arrived the order was not ready. Had to wait 15 minutes. There was only one person in the place, so it wasn't as if there was a long line of orders to prepare. Obviously, just poor planning on their part.When I called to place the order,  I asked about the Saturday  buy two rolls, get 1 free. I had a coupon from Money mailer. It was expired, but the website said it was good until 10/31/12. I asked the hostess over the phone about the coupon and the website. She said.. sure bring it with you. So I ordered the 3rd roll. When I checked out, she denied the use of the coupon and charged me for the third roll.Now, for the food. The spicy sauce on the rolls is not spicy. It is dull and very thinly applied. The chicken fried rice tasted like it was made a week ago. It was very bland and there were no vegetables in it. Only chicken egg and rice. The pickled ginger with the sushi had fermented and tasted BAD!. The wasabi had no real kick to it. I ordered a smoked salmon spicy tuna roll, but it was not in the order. We got a roll with cream cheese and tuna instead. In summary, I normally think of sushi from a grocery as fair to mediocre and restaraunt sushi as better quality, but the Sushi from Harris teeter or Publix is much better than what we had here. So we will not go be going back to HanakoSo if you go here, skip the sushi
2	The two stars are only for service, the meat and seafood did not seem fresh at all. Highly disappointed with the quality of the food. You can pay a little more for good sushi at Jade at the ballantyne village,Go there instead.
1	My company has ordered food for delivery about 4 times with Hanako.  Out of our 4 deliveries, 3 of the orders have been incorrect. I called to complain after our recent order and the manager told me that we could get our "correct meal" but we would have to pay for this. She was extremely rude and this is not a way you should be running a business. She took her employers side over a customers side, which is the incorrect way to handle a restaurant. We will not be using this restaurant again!
3	Not bad but nothing special, I have seen the place and seen people on our neighborhood FB page talked it up. So last night we got a delivery from them  and it was just alright. Sushi wasn't anything special and sorta tasted like sushi  you can get at Harris Tetter . Will try again maybe just didn't get the right rolls tonight.
3	I work close by, so I have their food at least once a week if not twice. I have tried several dishes and they are above the other Asian take-out but not great. The waitresses are always quick, helpful and with a smile. My issue has been with the older Asian women. I find her rude on the phone and in person. I went to have lunch last week. I ordered my side of ginger dressing as usual. I can tell it puts her out to have me use that in place of a brown sauce. However, I pay for it. I call today to place my usual order. She tells me she can't do that and that dressing is only for salad. First of all, who the fuck are you to tell me what condiment to pair with which dish.  Secondly, I stated on the phone you brought this to me in person. The women lies and says this didn't happen.Lastly, you are a rude person who should not be head of house dealing with paying public. I have wanted to slap you so many times. I will never give my money to your establishment. Stop taking the waitresses tips!
1	If I could give this place zero stars, I would. We've been there several times. Each time, the service has gotten worse than the time before. My son is on the autism spectrum and sometimes dining out can be a challenge. They have two booths in the back of the restaurant that are enclosed and have a sliding door. He loves sitting there and it's a great way to help him stay focused.The last two times we've been, the same older lady has been at the front to seat people. We asked for one of those booths when we went today. It was 12:00 and we were the only people in the restaurant. She honestly acted like we were asking her to cut off her right arm. She acted the same way the time before but we chalked it up to a bad day. Apparently, it wasn't. So, we were led to the booth in silence and handed our menus in silence. Then we hear a couple of other customers come in. They get seated and the lady was being chatty with them. We sit and sit and sit. Then we hear her taking the orders from the two other tables that had been sat. After about 15 minutes, we decided to leave. She's standing at the entry. On my way out I asked her if she forgot about us since the other two tables who were seated after us had already been served drinks and no one had ever been to our table. She said she didn't forget about us and barely acted like she cared that we were leaving. I let her know we would not be coming back to their place...ever. I'm pretty sure she's an owner. They were nice when they first opened. I suspect that's because they were new and were trying to get customers. The biggest problem with most new restaurants isn't necessarily getting customers through the front door, it's keeping them there and closing the back door. Clearly they fall short. The food is nothing special to keep customers coming back. If you're looking for great Asian food and fresh sushi, do yourself a favor and hit Wild East Pan Asian. They treat you like family and the food is dynamite.
4	I go here regularly and always get sushi. I've never had anything I didn't like. Love the Red Rain Roll the best! The staff is very friendly and we've always had good service.
5	As an airline pilot, I travel all over the world and know good food. Hanako and their staff (Mela) are over the top AWESOME!!
