4	I tried XO Nails with my mom yesterday and they were great! The price for a basic spa Pedi was $22 +tip. My tech was ok, but my mom's was awesome. I think he was the owner. The space seemed clean and well taken care of. I didn't give them 5 stars because they kept trying to up-sell me. I was like, "no", and "no thank you" at least 4 different times. My Pedi was $22 my moms with the up-sells was close to $40, almost double the original price. The staff was friendly but the selling was a bit overboard. Mom still enjoyed it though, so all is well.
4	I really do love coming here.They are attentive and the customer service is spectacular.The language barrier seems difficult but I promise you, if you give the employees of this family run business time, they will answer all your questions and treat you exceptionally well.Like any nail salon, do your research! Know what is on the market and what you want before you arrive; IE, types of gel and acrylics. This helps greatly. Get the callus remover. It's $5.00 more and worth every penny. Tell them which areas you want them to focus on too! Calves, heels, cuticles, etc!Only downfall IMO? Poor reading material... but then again, most of us have modern technology and social networking to keep us distracted!
4	XO is my standard mom and sister nail date place. The staff is friendly to everyone, but even more so my mom because she is maybe their most loyal customer! We took a group in for my sister's pre-wedding day and they were great - opened early for us and let us bring in some refreshments to make it special.They have a lot of stations and a lot of technicians, but do get very busy and sometimes have 30-60 minute waits. We usually make appointments, but unfortunately they don't really mean much! Best to go early to mid-day on the weekends (don't wait until the mid-afternoon) or afternoons during the week. Even when they're busy, the service is great, they take their time and you get a really nice treatment! Of course they upsell, but the extras are lovely and they have some really skilled artists who will give you a cute little design!
5	Nothing bad to say. I've only gone to one other place where I was cut and had yellow nails, I figured all nail salons would be similar. Not XO! I always leave with exactly what I wanted and the staff is all very friendly. They also offer a punch card which is very convenient if you come frequently. I would recommend them to anyone.
2	I loved going to XO nails for years. This is the only place that i'd go and I went there the other weekend. They sat 4 customers who came in after me, forgot what I wanted done, and I had to remind them several times that I was still waiting to be helped.
5	We're visiting from out of state and came to XO via a recommendation. 3 of us had pedicures and the service could not have been better! The staff was very attentive and the message was wonderful. They included hot stones which is an extra in our state.  Nice job!
5	This place was great. I really haven't had a better pedicure. The massage was long, the hot stones (included!) were amazing, and the chairs were comfortable. The atmosphere was nice as well. Typical nail salon interior, but the employees were nice, not all on their phones (which happens a lot in other salons), and it was a relaxing place to be. I enjoyed it quite a bit. I will continue to come here for pedicures!
1	Used this salon for years.  Unfortunately, the last time I went for mani/pedi, I developed a nasty infection in my toe, the very next day.  Had to take Keflex for 10 days!  The doctor that examined my toe found a small cut next to the nail bed where the bacteria/germ entered my system.  Insult to injury, my manicure was terrible...4 weeks later and I have split nails, hangnails!  Will NEVER go there again.  In fact, I may now be turned off forever from getting mani/Pedi's.....UGH!
1	Let me start off by saying that I have been to many a nail shop in my day and I always go in to new salons with an open mind. This was by far the worst nail experience I have had. Not the worst nail salon experience but the tech herself was the worst I have had. I had old gel on my nails from a previous salon, it was the gelish. If you know anything about gel polish, then you know gelish is very thick. She started my yelling at me, not telling me, that I should have never went to the place I went to for my gels. She then put my nails in acetone to get the gel off, then taking them out to file off the gel. The issue was that she started cutting my skin with the nail file then shoving my hands back in the acetone. Then she would repeat. It started burning so bad that I was almost in tears. Once I couldn't take it anymore I took my hands out of the acetone and told her I will not put them back in there, it's burning me!!! I showed her the cuts on my fingers that she was causing and she kept saying "I don't see them" and finally she literally yelled at me "YOU NEED PUT YOUR HANDS BACK IN THERE" she was the rudest tech I have ever had. After she finished the most painful nail job, she got her lotion out and I thought, finally, a little relaxation.... Or not. She slapped the smallest dabble of lotion on each hand and rubbed it in for a few seconds. That was the great massage they explained in their pamphlet... I  am sure that there are other decent nail techs there. Unfortunately this one did not have her name on her shirt but her station is the first row to the right... If you walk in and see them heading you to that booth... RUN AS FAST AS YOU CAN!!  I hope no one has to deal with that pain as I did. I attached a picture of the cuts on my fingers. Beware!!!
5	Best pedicure I have ever had. All the technicians are super nice too. So happy they are so close to my house.
4	Went in on a Saturday (made an appointment) and was in and out in two hours with a great gel manicure and amazing pedicure! They were really busy so I would recommend calling first, especially on the weekend. Staff was friendly and helpful. If your looking for a low price nail salon with good quality check them out!!
5	I've been going here for about 8 yrs now and this is by far the best place to get your mani/pedis at. Over the 8 yrs I've had a couple less than stellar times but I know who to go to and who not to. I almost don't want to give a review because I don't want the best kept secret to get out lol. Eyebrows: Ask for Michelle - She's AMAZING. Mani - for just a mani most everyone is good. For Gels and such Michelle, Katie, Mai, etc.. Pedi - Mai is always books but she's the best. I've only had one bad pedi experience here, and funny part is a few times later, the same person who gave me a bad one gave me a great one..soooo maybe they were just having a bad day. You never know. All and all my favorite place to go, they're super clean and good at what they do.
5	Awesome customer service. They do more than you expect. Everytime i get a full set they always give me a massage after. They never rush even if they are busy they keep their cool and still do a great job. My favorite place to get my nails done:) pink polish sucks
4	I stopped getting my nails done here because the same women who had done my nails previously started doing a horrible job. I only get my eyebrows done here now. Eyebrow cost is decent and I always have a good wax job!
