4	Looks like I get the FTR on this one... hooray!Recently opened in the last few days, Arcadia Tavern took over where Red Tomato used to live on 48th Street and Indian School.  The space is awesome and has an outdoor patio, spacious bar area and restaurant as well.  Plasma TVs are all over the place, so there is definitely something for everyone to watch... perfect for sports fans!  It's family-friendly too - I think there is complimentary wii for the kids!  In addition, for those over 21 that have one too many, they've got cruisers you can ride home and bring back the next day if necessary.  This is the perfect neighborhood tavern for those that want to hang out - day or night.  The staff is super friendly and totally on top of their game - we had no complaints dining there on one of the first nights they were open.  Attentive service, reasonable prices, and fabulous food in a laid back, fun environment - that's my kind of place!Jared and I met friends at Arcadia Tavern for dinner... We started with chips with salsa and guacamole and the meatball slider app for the table - both were tasty and we cleaned our plates!I went with the roasted veggie salad as my entree (love that although it's bar food, they offer healthy options).  I had them add chicken for protein and even though I'm extremely picky when it comes to chicken, I was a fan of theirs!  Jared had the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich with seasoned fries and the others shared a salad and a Tavern Burger with tots.  I admit it... I stole a tot and it was yummy - reminds me of the good ol' days of school lunches!We skipped dessert even though we heard that the Arcadia Chocolate Chip Cookie (Baked in a skillet warm and gooey, served with chocolate sauce and vanilla bean ice cream) is worth the splurge... I have a feeling we'll be back soon to try that and to visit our new favorite local tavern.
4	yea, this place rocks me socks. I mean, I wanted to go somewhere to watch "the game", oh yea, you know the one. Youre basically on top of TVs looking down. Dig it son. Garage door Postino style to open the outside. Hot bartender chicks. Hogaareden on tap. Teriyaki Wings. Actually I think Im still drunk. Just take my advice and check it out. i have good taste. Believe me.
4	So.... this review is going to be a bit tough to do since my memory of being here is somewhat limited but here are the highlights that equal 4 stars from this foggy girl's memory:1.  TATE TOTS:  I ate some tater tots off my friend plate, they were good.2.  They serve beer in these really large cool goblets.... those looked fun.  I didn't have beer but the goblets were cool to look at.3.  Easy to find location-- this helps when vision is impaired but of course, I wasn't driving, but I did see it from the street.4.  The Patio:  nice patio, comfortable5.  Server seemed nice, she did bring me many glasses of water that ended up watering the gravel outside but I insisted on refills.
2	Over-priced, over-salted and thoroughly unimaginative. Package those adjectives up in a pretty little nutshell and you've got Arcadia Tavern. Arcadia Tavern is a family-friendly, bland and inoffensive, if not overpriced, alternative to Applebee's or TGI Friday's. I was seriously enthused when a tavern opened up within a five minute walk of my house. I like drinking and I like walking. Combine the two and you get stumbling, which can also have its high points, ripped jeans notwithstanding. But Arcadia Tavern is no tavern. No self-respecting tavern can commit the cardinal sins of happy hour and retain their integrity.Cardinal rule #1: Thou shalt not end happy hour before 7 pm. Seriously. What is it with places trying to redefine Happy Hour as the hours between 3 and 6 pm? I understand that from a price point perspective the 3-4 or 4-5 pm hours are much cheaper than extending food and drink discounts to the 6-7 pm crowd. But I consider that the same as shining up a turd and calling it a custom made gift. Ooo, you offer three hours of happiness? Pity I can only make 15 minutes of it. Bottom line is 5 pm's whistle blowing time, gridlock makes a girl crave a drink and 6-7 pm is the prime hour for getting that drink on. To end happy hour before 7pm pretty much guarantees happy hour barflies will not frequent the establishment.Flipside: Three dollar Dos Equis, all day, every day. At least there's that.Cardinal rule #2: Thou shalt offer more than frozen food and canned items as appetizers, and if offering cheap frozen crap, it shall be reflected in the price. Fries, tater tots, onion rings, wings, mozzarella sticks, chicken strips, and the ubiquitous spinach and artichoke dip? Whoa. Don't strain yourself, TGI Friday's. My main gripe is with the monster nachos. Maybe I'm just taking crazy pills, but the chips, seasoned shredded chicken and nacho cheese were all wicked salty. We're talking mouth-puckering, tastebud-slaughtering salt laden nachos topped with canned pickled jalapenos (gross), black olives (more salt) and black beans (respect).  I'm also biased against the unnatural plastic consistency of nacho cheese. It makes everything soggy and is a tacky substitute for the real deal. Cheese should crisp up around the edges and pull apart in delectable strings, not ooze sadly over a mass of chips and overpower everything else on the plate. I will say that the guacamole and pico de gallo that topped the nachos were delicious, tasted homemade and were a saving grace, but they were also woefully underrepresented compared to the macnasty nacho sauce. Flipside: The three mini sliders (albeit meager) and grilled veggies platter with hummus showed promise. Cardinal rule #3: Thou shalt provide affordable drink and nosh.So what's that nacho monstrosity going to run you? Twelve bucks. Don't blink. You read right. Twelve dollars for salty garbage. Mozzarella sticks? 7. Dozen wings? 9! Completely unrealistic. Shave a couple bucks off each appetizer and you're in the reasonable price zone, particularly considering the cheap tasting ingredients. Taking that first impression into account, I don't think I'm going to shell out 10-12 dollars for a hamburger (without fries) when I could go to Delux and have my socks blown off with flavor for cheaper or to the Chicago Hamburger Co. for pennies in comparison. Flipside: There is no positive here. For the caliber of food offered, the prices are completely unrealistic. Even the desserts are overpriced. Six bucks for a root beer float? That's a big middle finger right there.Arcadia Tavern, as a representative of the Happy Hour enforcement squad, I hereby declare you undeserving of your title. Four Peaks is a tavern. The Vine is a tavern. Icehouse is a tavern. Hell, even Carlsbad Tavern does it better and they have plastic bats hanging from the ceiling. I regret that I shall never again spend a happy hour in your warm embrace. Although you may still win me over with $3 you-call-its on Thursday after 9 pm. Particularly when accompanied by a little goldfish racing. I totally hate goldfish, too. At least share that in common.
5	I was going to write a two word update.And those two words would have been "Tot Cho's"...a thoroughly delightful creation that they serve at the Arcadia Tavern...Tater Tots with nacho stuff all over them:) Yeah, that's right...nacho tot's!The Beautiful Carin and I beginning to make a nuisance of ourselves here:)Fixtures, denizens, habituates...The patio has become a bit of a "home away from home" (but with drink's that I don't have to mix myself:)We keep showing up:)Last week, Carin correctly guessed the number of golf balls in the vase in the entryway, and she won us free drinks and food:)Matt (the owner) is thinking of adopting us (although that would technically make Carin and I brother and sister...both creepy and hot at the same time:)We haven't had a bad meal or bad experience yet...tonight they had a Jimmy Buffett (or Boofay, for my friend Ryan) clone , softly playing guitar and singing during happy hour:)I am happy:)
4	Checked out this place on Sunday night and will definitely be going back! It's a great place to watch a game - there's tons of flat screens! I had the Tavern burger which was good and my fiance had the arcadia club with tater tots. The tater tots were really good! Good bar food and a nice place to hang out - what more could you want??
4	Stopped by Arcadia Tavern tonight around 9:15 pm and it was packed... Granted, it was a perfect evening to be outside for an August night in Phoenix.  The entire patio was full, the bar area had not an empty seat, and from the looks of it, the restaurant was doing some decent biz as well.  Jack Young was the singer/guitar player rockin' the place with tunes from Johnny Cash, Bob Dylan, Willie Nelson, Jimmy Buffet, and more.  I'd already eaten dinner, but Jared shared a bite of his miso salmon (with rice and asparagus) and it was delicious.  I'm writing this update partially to let it be known that this is just one of the new menu options along with chicken parm, steak salad, edamame, roasted chicken with mashed potatoes, caprese, chopped, and cobb salads.  I guess the feedback made its way to management... I am pleased with the new variety of healthy choices.  Robert, the Chef, came out to say hello - or perhaps we caught him red handed having a drink at the bar... either way, it was nice to see him. I'll be back on my own sometime soon to order my own miso salmon... and if not me, you'll likely find Jared drinkin' a Guinness at the bar.  Cheers!
2	Seems like they may be new.  I will try again to see how it is going.
2	I came in thinking it was more of a bar than a restaurant... but was definitely a restaurant. A family restaurant. There isn't anything wrong with that, just not what I expected.The hostess was nice. On a busy Friday night, was seated in about 10 to 15 minutes, not so bad.Loved the big 18 ounce beers in huge goblets. Although, there is not too much on tap. Good onion rings. Pretty awesome build-your-own-burger. It was okay, but after dinner we were definitely ready to leave and go out to a bar.
5	Amazing find!  They have a huge selection of beers on tap, that are not your typical Budweiser. Also, beers come in Schooners, which just make it more fun to drink.The bar area can get a little cramped, but if you come to watch the game, you're in luck cause there are flat screens throughout the rest of the tavern's dining area and above the bar that can easily be seen from outside.I recommend the spinach and artichoke dip, tater tots, steak salad (amazing) and margherita pizza. We have been here multiple times and I can't say anything bad about it!
3	Food:  Standard fare, nothing too inspiring, but then again, it's a Tavern.  I liked the Arcadia fries- a concept that seems to be too much for some people to handle:  A fried potato dish that eats like a nacho?  To me that's heaven.  Fried potato and Guacamole were meant to be together.  Burgers are swell... They play it safe, and for what they do, they do it well.  A tad pricey, but go during happy hour to shave a coule dollars if you're that concerned.Drinks:  Drinks are reasonable, and for some reason, I just like drinking out of a schooner.Well-lit, airy place, the bar setup with the TV's is a little funky- because the rail area is so narrow, you find yourself looking almost straight-up, and if you're at one of the ends, better hope your game is on one of the closest screens.Not a big "destination", but all in all I liked it, and I live close by, so I'll be back.
2	I agree with the above comment. I live in the neighborhood as well and was very excited to see Arcadia Tavern open, hoping it would still have the neighborhood charm of Western Pizza and Red Tomato. I was wowed by the size of the place and the number of flat screens, but unfortunately the food and service were so so. I've tried to go back several times but each time the parking lot is packed and there's no space at the adjacent lots. Who exactly is filling up these spaces??? The restaurant never looks busy from the outside...Due to the lack of parking at Arcadia I found myself ending up at Blackforest Mill and Jts. Both of which I have found to have great food and great drink prices. So to those who will probably venture to Arcadia Grill like I did and be turned away by lack of parking, head over to one of these bars instead. I think you will be pleasantly surprised by the food and drinks.
3	Been here a few times with friends. I live not to far down the road so it is pretty convenient. Especially on the way to Old town for a quick dinner before going out on a Friday or Saturday night. My absolute fave that I must tell everyone about it their Veggie Burger. By far the best in town. It is a little spicy buy sweet at the same time. The Best! You have to try it. They have some good aps as well, especially the veggie/hummus plate for those who are looking out for the carbs. It is basically a tavern that has pretty decent food, big bar and lots of tv's that will be great to watch football and basketball on. I would recommend it!
3	We live really close, so two thumbs up for walking to the reasonably priced non dive bar. The restaurant wants to be the Vig w/ kids ( valet service, arcadia ladies with tacky dooney and burke bags) but ends up being a sort of applebees crossed with FEZ. Overall the build your own burger was good, and the football on the flat screens was nice. Decent service and prices plus location means I'll probably be back.
2	It seems that they opened and were pretty consistent with the preparation of their food for about a month. In recent times the sandwiches (namely their hangover burger/chicken caprese) have been served soggy (happens every time). Their buffalo chicken sandwich is under-sauced half of the time & their "soon to be famous" chicken wings taste as though they were made in the microwave (go to JT's for "already famous wings")Onward to the clientele; I live in the neighborhood and know that it comes with the territory but: white dudes with golfing sunburns, tons of botox, 20/30 something douches. There's also too much going on; kids corner (with video games), family dining/bar area laden with jerseys and pics of the hood converts to gold fish racing, vomit in adjacent parking lot, poor judgment hook-ups post-frat bar.Now I'm not saying that all of the above is bad, it's just that there's too much going on, it lacks direction (or the lack there of...)oh... and I hate the valet thing that happens in this part of townoh... and don't park in the JT's lot unless you're going to JT's
5	This was the kind of modern sports bar I like.  My cousin and I went here on the advice of another bar (guess not rivals down here) for us to find a Buffalo Sabres Hockey game on satellite.  Good move, the bar manager was nice and friendly and kind enough to get a feed for us to watch the hockey game.  Liked the beer, but glass was like fit for a kind -- it was huge goblet.I met the hostess/waitress and struck up a nice friendship, chatted a bit with her.  This a good place to visit on a stop in Phoenix..
3	There are three fabulous things about Arcadia:1) A bar that actually looks good in the daytime. The flooring was beautiful and the fabric on the chairs complemented. It was very clean.2) Every NFL game was being shown on Sunday, including the Packers/Lions. They were even all labeled and the waitress knew exactly where each one was being shown.3) A hard to pick just one breakfast menu. I ended up choosing the bananas foster pancakes but bird in the hole needs to be tried. These are enough that I will probably come back at least another time, just to try the other fantastic breakfast item.. maybe dinner (which looked equally pleasing). However, there are some annoyances to be dealt with:1) The packers/lions game was being played on the patio, which was nice. However, the sound we were receiving was from another game and was annoying.2) The service was a little slow. Our server would frequently come out and not check on us. I almost missed the breakfast cut off time because of this. However, she did offer to split our check which was well appreciated. 3) The mimosa was huge but not very mimosa-y.One of my friends told me there is a section in the back that has video games and a play area for kids which seems like a nice added touch also.
1	So the boys were out for an afternoon of bike riding and drinking, and my beau called me and wanted me to come join them at their last stop for a drink. When I ordered a drink, the waitress informs me that Chili's has a better beer (both on tap and in the bottle) selection than they do; I settled for a jameson on the rocks. It was getting later in the afternoon so I browsed their menu and found that Chili's has better pricing for the same pre-frozen-heated-in-a-fryer food. I order some tots and another jameson to tide me over. I was right, the tots were frozen but the Arcadia Tavern had put regular pepper on them to make them fancy.  As I was ending my second drink and eating some ice, I got a very nasty surprise. There was GLASS mixed in with my ice! It cut open my mouth on two different spots and I left the bar with a bleeding mouth.  All the manager offered us was free drink tickets. That was really lame. Bad customer service and poor beer selection and over priced food means we will not be going back.
3	This review is only an initial impression sorta review since we did not eat anything here. Having passed by this place before it became Arcadia Tavern, a buddy and I decided to stop in after a little grub from Pei Wei. First off, don't be put off by the fact they have valet, it's complimentary, which means you should be okay simply pulling into a space without having to worry about some goon chasing you down.Right off the bat, I liked the fact that the bar area has all-window-garage doors that can be opened onto a small patio during fall/spring when the temps are actually pleasant. But I think the garage doors should've extended around the south corner to create more of an indoor/outdoor atmosphere when they are open. As the bar area is, it's pretty cramped along the length of the bar itself.Having said that, we met Sherylann and Rich, both of whom were bartending. They were both very nice and Rich, having learned that this was our first visit, paid a little more attention to us and told us extensively about the menu. Like I said, we didn't eat, but we did learn that aside from just a couple things on the menu, everything is made from scratch. Out of curiosity, I looked over the menu and spotted 4 or 5 things that I could easily have chosen.And this may change but they had a sign hanging above the bar that says every Tuesday for 20 bucks you get a large one topping pizza and a full bottle of wine. I might have to try that next time.Someone else had said they had a huge beer selection on tap and that is just not true. They had maybe 8, which isn't bad. Off the top of my head, I remember seeing Stella, Four Peaks Kiltlifter (local is always nice!), Dos XX Lager, and one of my favorites 2Below by New Belgium (their winter seasonal).All in all a nice visit. I'll stop in again and see what the food is doing.
3	I came here on a Sunday to eat lunch and watch football. I was surprised everything on the menu was $10 or more. I think that's a little expensive for a sports bar. I ordered the veggie burger and tots. I don't know how you manage to mess up tater tots but they managed to do it here by topping them off with pepper. The service was really slow. Our waitress pulled a disappearing act a couple of times. I don't think I will be coming back here. The Vig is right down the street and so much better than this place.
4	I had stopped here a couple of times on the way home to catch Monday Night Football while the traffic was still heavy. They have a great rib special for the games. Lots of nice screens and a long bar.Hadn't been for a while but met a friend there for lunch the other day and now he is a fan. I had the sliders which are nice for the $8 price and my friend had the spaghetti and meatballs which he sais was good. Also like the $3 Dos Equis specials and the nice crowd was a plus.I'm looking to move to this area of town so I'm sure this will be a spot for me. I don'y get the valet parking however....
3	After the Ohio State Rose Bowl win on Friday, my husband, a friend, and I decided to check out Arcadia Tavern to watch the other Ohio team playing in a BCS bowl game. For a Friday evening, it wasn't too crowded - the bar area seemed a bit more full but the restaurant area to the immediate left of the entrance was about half full. Here are my thoughts on our experience:1) Loved that beer was served in goblets. 2) While the parking is complimentary valet, I hate when I can literally see my car in the parking lot, yet I have to have the valet pull it out of the parking space across from where I am standing.3) The tater tots were delicious and a great side with my chicken caprese sandwich.4) The food was overpriced for bar/pub grub. There were some inventive items on the menu, but overall the menu was almost exactly what you'd find at TGI Friday's. Our bill came to $57 which included three sandwiches, an appetizer, 1 beer and 1 soda.5) There are a lot of TVs throughout the space, so it's great for sports watching. However, did they have to have every single TV tuned to the Sugar Bowl? Couldn't we also have had some NBA games on?6) Why do places in Phoenix insist on having only one single stall bathroom for men and one single stall bathroom for women? 7) There is a Wii area set up near the back, so I guess if you bring your children or are a child at heart yourself, there is entertainment for you!8) I did appreciate one staff member stepping up and finding a pair of children's parents when the kids were acting up by running around the restaurant, fighting with each other, and sliding across the wood floor, and overall acting like two monkeys that just escaped the zoo. Unfortunately the parents were found sitting at the bar because apparently parenting their children was too much to ask while out at a public establishment.Overall I found Arcadia Tavern to be a 3.5 star establishment (I'm sure it's actually not bad for Sunday NFL viewing because of the amount of TVs), but am rounding down to 3.
3	The food is pretty good and the design of the restaurant is great for watching games.  The only problem is that it feels like a Chuck-E-Cheese with all the kids running around.  Usually, I wouldn't hold this against them but they are trying to cater to that crowd with video games set up in the back.    Is this a sports bar or Peter Piper Pizza?
3	I sometimes feel as if I am wildly misunderstood by restaurant staff.  Yes, I appreciate specials on booze. I learn them, I study them, I remember them. Give me a day of the week and it's likely I will be able to list of 3 or more booze specials going on in any given area at any given time.  This is not because I'm cheap. This is because I'm a lush.  My bar tab is going to be high, no matter how much the drinks cost, so just get me as drunk as possible and you will be rewarded handsomely.That said, I was super stoked to find out that after ditching our former trivia location, we were going to give Arcadia Tavern a try for their Tuesday Night Trivia.  Partially because trivia is super fun. And partially because, upon doing my due diligence, I learned that not only are Tuesday nights $20 Wine and Pizza Night, but they also offer 1/2 Price Any Bottle of Wine Mon-Thurs from 9 PM- Close!  Guess what day is in between Monday and Thursday? TUESDAY! It's like I hit the booze special lottery! Upon sitting down we immediately got our wine and pizza on.  This special is not nearly as awesome as Postino's $20 Bruschetta and a Bottle deal, also on Tuesday nights. For one, only 2 bottles of wine are offered, whereas Postino gives you a choice of ANY FREAKING BOTTLE OFF THEIR MENU.  Secondly, it's limited to one per table. So if there's 4 of you and you're all a little hungry and a lot thirsty and would like to split 2 pizzas and a couple bottles of wine, you only get to use the special once. Kinda lame, but I guess I understand (though Postino does not limit you whatsoever, and that is why I love them).So we start trivia, eat our pizza, drink our wine, have a couple beers and 9:00 rolls around . We grab our waitress and ask if we can begin partaking in the excellent half-price bottle special they have going on Mon-Thurs from 9:00 PM to close.  We were told that no, we could not.  We apparently already used our special for the day when we ordered the Pizza and Wine special. This perplexed us.  When you go to a restaurant for happy hour. And then, say, happy hour turns into happy 4 hours and you happen to still be at the restaurant by time their nightly specials kick in, do you not get to partake in both? And do you not call it a Happy Booze Sandwich?  Ok maybe you don't, considering I just made that term up, but I doubt anyone has ever been denied cheap booze on account of previously imbibing cheap booze at the same establishment. We also wondered if we shot ourselves in the foot ordering the pizza and wine deal at 7:00 PM when we could have waited until 9 and had half price bottles ALL NIGHT LONG. We asked the waitress and apparently we did not, because in Arcadia Tavern world "Half Price Bottles of Wine from 9PM to Close" really means "One Half Price Bottle of Wine per Table from 9PM to Close".  WTF? How they expect to compete with any other special at that time with this lame ass promotion is beyond me. We have Vig down the street with $5 martinis, Postino with $20 Bruschetta and a Board. Hell, even Zipps will give you $3 premium pints from 8PM to close and this is AFTER lubing you up with $3 Zipparitas from 3-7.Basically, I was fully planning on putting Arcadia Tavern in constant rotation on my weekly booze session calendar, but they clearly can't handle it. I've been here a couple time and the food and service has always been okay, so I guess I'll give them 3 stars. But I'm still going to the Vig on Tuesdays.
5	I am so happy to have found Arcadia Tavern! We have a 3 year old and a 5 month old and don't get to get out much due to the kid factor. Arcadia Tavern is a restaraunt/tavern we can enjoy and not feel as though we are inconveniencing others because we have children with us! The atmosphere is great, the food is wonderful! Met a couple of the owners on our trips there and they seem like quality people who work hard to make the place succeed! LOVE IT!
4	This place seems like a nice little neighborhood bar, My buddy lives down the street and goes here a lot, they didn't seem to have a lot for a beer selection compaired to some other Tavern's in the area but the appetizers and food are good. We had really good service, the ASU vs U of A game was on (bb) and there was about a 50, 50 split witch seemed odd since this is in Phx not Tuscan but it's worked out ASU won so things were good! I will most likely find myself at this tavern again on my next visit!
4	What can I say about the Arcadia Tavern? well actually quite a bit since it is walking distance from my house. I was a little skeptical because since I have lived in the Arcadia area there have been several different establishments in the Arcadia Tavern building. i must say when I first walked in I was shocked to see they had taken over the space next door and really opened the bar/restaurant up. It is a great place to watch a game because it's chock full of flat screens, has great beer, and bar menu. I must say that the best thing on the menu are the buffalo chicken sliders. They are a must have. So are the tater tots. Tater tots make me feel like a kid all over again....lol...I also really like the Thursday $3 Dos Equis special served in a goblet. So the good, food, drinks, atmosphere. The bad? The service is mediocre but the bar staff is cute which I guess makes up for mediocre service. Also a bit pricey, but not toooo out of line. The Arcadia Tavern is a must visit restaurant/bar. You won't be disappointed.
3	I was in the area and the place called to me . I liked its plant screened patio on the busy street with TVs. I had a need for a Margarita and a mid day buzz. I liked the name and location and was looking at rentals in the area so I thought I neighborhood tavern might be a good selling point on my rental selection. I arrived during happy hour. Wouldn't have known it if I had not noticed a sizable number of professional clean cut people drinking, the bar staff certainly did not enlighten me to the fact that happy hour is from 3pm -6pm - this I learned by researching after the fact online. So no specials were told to me and none were given. I asked for a margarita on the rocks with salt without the Grand Mariner because I had no intentions on paying $9 for the Tavern's Rita at Happy Hour time. Well the girl fetched me my request in a quick and friendly manner. She checked back with me too. But since the drink came in a large ice loaded glass as all the drinks I could see were as well, something told me have one and check out the price. Lo and behold I got a cheaper version of the Tavern's Rita only to find I was still paying $9 Bucks for it at Happy Hour! I was so ticked by it I was tempted not to tip the hustler! I tipped her a buck and called it quits. I asked her if all their margaritas were $9, and she said yes. Something tells me that's a lie. Anyway the food looks good but also a bit pricier than your average neighborhood tavern or grill. And I see from their website that they have food and wine specials throughout the week. The place is nice and the crowd seemed nice. I like how the garage doors open up one side of the building on the E. Indian School side of the road. If I lived in the neighborhood I would probably walk or bike up there pretty regularly based on the menu selection and because its a nice place to probably hangout, and to take advantage of the food specials. Still the drink prices astonish me for a neighborhood tavern! Oh and for the record: I have had a better margarita for less many times over than this, this was a 2 star Rita. But for location, atmosphere, menu selection, staffing and decor I'll grant them 3 stars. Check out the drink and food prices on their website before heading in if you have a budget. Remember to ask about specials before ordering, because it's likely you won't be informed otherwise.
5	Update time! After 3 hours of riding our bikes, Marc and I were hungry.  We were sick of biking so we boarded over to the tavern. Jackson was our server and he was awesome.  Maybe it was the timing, but the atmosphere, service and food seemed much better this time!
5	Its hard not to love Arcadia Tavern.First of all, the spot has completely rewritten the history of this anchor space at the SEC of 48th Street and Indian School after many lackluster restaurants died miserable deaths prior.Second, to have a local neighborhood sports bar that has the game day atmopsphere of a college hangout, but then serves the quality and variety of food that A-T does, makes its a great stop any time of the day or week.Finally, its walking distance to and from my house, and if I ride the beach cruiser up, there may be a free beer involved. Not only is the beer ice cold, but its served in a frozen chalice the way beer deserves to be honorably presented.Hot pretzel with spicy cheese, Prime Rib Dip, Tavern Burger, Tavern Wings, Tavern Tots....just a few of my personal favorites.If your looking for a local Arcadia watering hole, that you can get a fantastic meal, look no further than the Tavern.
4	Good food, great/friendly service, and a nice beer selection on tap.  The nachos (add chicken) are out of this world, and if you're fortunate enough to be there when they have live music, it's a nice treat.  We really enjoy this neigborhood spot and think the owner's have done a great job with the overall concept.  Keep up the good work!
3	This is a fair place to chill.  The menu is surprisingly expensive for a bar and the "Happy Hour" kinda sucks.  The South half of the bar sometimes feels like Peter Piper Pizza with families, kids running around and Wii games in the corner.  The North (Bar) half is pretty fun, but you can easily get cramped quickly.  Plus there is (practically) mandatory valet.... man that gets on my nerves.The Tavern tries to mesh a family-friendly place with an outright sportsbar.  As far as that goes, it does well... and luckily for them, there's not much else within a mile as competition.
4	I like this place.  In fact, I like any place that has glass garage doors for giant windows.  It is clean and simple by design.  The cheeseburgers are super.  The Sliders are even better.Fave:  They have Dos Equis on tap - not my favorite beer, but they do have Clamato in stock.  Mix the two with some salt on the rim and you have yourself a mighty fine economically correct red beer.Glug Glug!
1	My friends have all said this place was great, and I was really excited to check it out. Well, it may be really cool, but we had an awful experience with one of the managers from the second we sat down. My boyfriend and I ordered a beer and we were quickly carded (we're 24, but look about 18) which was fine.  I never, EVER mind being carded. I was a server for a long time so I get it. But the manager walked over and proceeded to interrogate my boyfriend like he was a 15-year old who just snuck into a rated R movie-- just because his ID was a little haggard.  He peaked smugly back and forth from my boyfriend to the ID making rude jokes and belittling remarks. Once he was done with the investigation, and after he had scanned the ID (why he didn't just scan it in the first place, I do not know), he hesitantly handed my boyfriend his card back like he just gave a toddle chocolate. SO MUCH ATTITUDE.So I angrily asked him why he had to be so rude about it. "I understand that we look very young but I don't know why you had to make him feel uncomfortable. I get carded often, but I've never had anyone be so rude. You were very belittling." And then he replies, "Seriously? You think I was being rude? That's totally not true. I'm sorry you THINK I'm being rude."And then he proceeded to argue with me on whether or not he was being a polite person. I was a server for four years on mill avenue, and I have never, ever treated anyone that way while carding them. And the thing is, if some one IS of age, you do not want to piss them off because, DUH, they're buying your product. They're giving you money. So why have attitude? The manager never actually apologized or offered to remedy the situation at all. He just judged us as teenage hoodrats instead of young working professionals that we are. So we left. Go ahead and give this place a try, but make sure you look rich, dress well and have 15 forms of ID available. You don't want to be judged.  Oh and stay away from the short, stubby manager in glasses with a smug grin-- he'll make your skin crawl.
4	If you don't have kids - stay away from the left side of the place - walk in the door and head to the right near the patio. Don't get me wrong, the leftside of the restaurant is fantastic if you're a family - big booths, Nintendo Wii set-up for the kids to play - just not where you want to be if you're not a mom. I was thrilled when Arcadia Tavern opened. Its a great spot for happy hour and a true bar with real bar food - love that. They didn't try to get all swanky with the menu. Your basic fries, wings, nachos and even spagehtti and meatloaf options. Take a look at the photo of the nachos I posted - SO GOOD. My husband and I have shared this plate of nachos for dinner more than once (don't judge me). The beers coming in giant schooners, the prices are good and they have a guy who places great sing-a-long acoustic guitar on a regular basis. Overall, a thumbs up for a non-stuff, neighborhood bar and restaurant. Oh, and did I mention goldfish racing on Thursdays?
5	The Mrs. and I were heading to Scottsdale and we (I) needed a place to watch the Spain vs. Paraguay match.  AZcentral mentioned this as a great place to watch the World Cup....and they were right!  We could have watched synchronized swimming here and we still would have had fun.We got there just as they were opening and picked a prime spot at the bar.  Actually, we could have sat anywhere and had a prime spot.  Kudos to whoever feng shuied the TVs in!  This is the best set up I have even seen for a sports bar.  You feel like you are on top of any tv you want to watch.  There is even a place to dump your kids ( I mean a place for your kids to play)! They have cool Wii stations ready for a bunch of chicken finger- eating hooligans to enjoy.Being that it was brunch, we ordered a spicy Bloody Maria & Bloody Mary( the mrs. doesn't do tequila) and started off with some chips & salsa with a side of guac.   The salsa was surprisingly good and so was the guac.  Both WAY above typical sports bar fare. The bartender was super cool, super cute, and a super drink maker!  What more can you ask for?The bar wasn't busy, but there were a handful of World Cup fans that lent a fun atmosphere. Our bloodies came in these huge goblets and it took most of the half for us to finish them.  We scored with those suckers!Half time gave us a chance to order.  We were not overly hungry due to the meal of a drink we had and of course all the chips.  Ended up splitting a Phoenix Philly.  Again, we were delighted with our order.  The sandwich was awesome! Recommendation: Get the side of cottage cheese with diced jalepenos.  I could have eaten a quart of that!Rounded out the second half with a couple of beers.  They have pretty much anything you might want either on tap or in bottle.Our visit left us wishing we lived in Arcadia....within walking distance to this place.
4	After reading some reviews of my sweet, sweet Arcadia Tavern, I had to write to set the record straight.  If you haven't been here, go.  It's not the  most amazing bar in the world, it's not the most delicious food in the world, but it's a great, fun neighborhood bar (that's clean, open, airy, busy and non-pub'ish)...I read some reviews where people said the kids really bothered them.  I'm 27, don't have children, don't particularly like dealing with children (especially while I'm downing 15 ketel/sodas) but I can honestly say that I've never been bothered by kids at this place.  Yes, there's a corner of the restaurant that has a Wii.  Big deal.  The kids sit and play Wii and don't bother me...didn't really even register with me that this place is "kid friendly"I usually sit at the bar or the bar area and drink their lovely fishbowl Dos Equis until I get hungry enough to order their wings or hummus platter.  I've had quite a few entrees too, including the caprese sandwich, chicken sandwich & spaghetti.  All were good.  Not great, sure, but most entrees are about $10...no big loss.  We usually start out here pre-drinking before we head to Scottsdale or some other overly-expensive bar.  Great place to go with co-workers or to watch a PAC-10/Big 10 (they have both sets of helmets at the bar)  game.
1	Terrible service, rude manager and so-so food.  Thought I was getting a great deal on a pizza and bottle of wine but no deal is worth the annoyance we encountered.  Waited 30 minutes for my waitress to check on me and my order after delivering it and then never got the water I asked for.  Had a couple of friends join us and she still didn't come back for awhile, even though they wanted to order food and drinks as well.  Finally they got served.  I'm in the service industry so I am very understanding when a waitress is slammed but this was in no way a terribly busy night.Waited a good 45 minutes for the check after we asked for it and it was wrong.  Took another 20 minutes and an argument with the manager before we disgustedly threw down money and just left.  Will NEVER go back.
3	Holy kids batman! I have eaten here a few times now and have had decent Lunch and Dinner experiences. Good location and thx to the courtesy valet, I am happy to dine here more often. My dinner experience took me into the kid corner where our booth was right next to all the action. That night, there was a lot of screaming and running and normal kid fun. We were a group of adults with a non-kid night, kinda... it was like people just got their booth, the kids got their table and then they let them go... the 1.5 hours we were there was non-stop action. The food. The place has a good variety from sandwiches and salads that are good, to items like meatloaf and fish and chips. Overall the portions are good and the service it good. The food has always been a little too salty for my taste. Dunno what it is, but just wish it was less salty. Drinks are good and they usually have good specials. Never had the bar experience there, but it looks comfortable enough. I used to come here when it was western pizza, so the same peeps make it a consistent neighborhood crowd. It is one of those, "Oh yeah - lets go there" places.
4	My wife and I like this spot, it is a great place to grab some food, a beer and watch some sports.  Bringing the kids is not a problem here.  Arcadia Tavern has a real sense of community and they are really involved in all things Arcadia.  IT is a great local spot.
2	This place would be fun during a sports game because they have SOOO many TVs. I went during a late afternoon and I wasn't really impressed. I've heard mixed reviews and I understand why. The atmosphere is cool- like I said, a ton of TVs and a good amount of tables inside and out but the staff wasn't memorable and neither was the food. I went during happy hour but wasn't given a happy hour menu and when I asked the bar staff, they looked at each other and asked "wait ...what drinks/food is on happy hour?" as if they didn't know themselves. Really? You don't know your own happy hour? That's strange. I probably won't be back but it would be a good place to watch a game
4	Arcadia Tavern is one of my top five favorite places to wash sports in the Valley. With a bar on the right side and restaurant style seating on the left side, it's a solid sports bar for either a family or young professionals looking to have some cocktails and bar food.  Since I am kid-less, I normally hang out on the right side. If people complain about walking into empty bars in the Valley, then head over to Arcadia Tavern because on a game night, chances are you won't be able to find an empty seat there. But don't let that deter you because it's worth staying for a seat to open up. I like Arcadia Tavern for several types of occasions: if I'm looking for a place to watch the game, to have some food and drinks before going out or to eat lunch on a weekend afternoon. The patio is great and when the weather's nice, it's a must visit. Arcadia Tavern is in a random location within Arcadia but it's perfect neighborhood joint with so many houses nearby. Parking can be a bit tough so you might want to park across the street and walk. As for food, this is your classic neighborhood bar so it has all American food. The burger is great and I normally go for the BBQ chicken sandwich. If you're a fan of nachos, give those a try. So if you're looking for a neighborhood bar with TVs and a fun atmosphere, you should check out Arcadia Tavern.
4	I've been on a quest for a solid sports bar for a while now, and I have to say that the Tavern is my fav so far. Their menu is quite diverse for a sports bar. The Ahi Salad and the Miso Salmon are two gems on the menu, and I was shocked when I tried those dishes and they were phenominal (as far as bar food goes).Also, their Bruchetta is delish. I know everyone always talks about the bruchetta at Postinos, but in my opinion Arcadia Tavern makes a heartier and tastier board. The spinach & artichoke bruchetta is so yummy, and during the week you can get a board of bruchetta and bottle of wine for only $20 - Now take that Postinos! The bartenders, servers & manager all embody great customer service. This past weekend I wanted to watch some football (and sport my 49ers Montana throw-back Jersey of course), and the manager was totally accommodating when we specified that the Niners vs. Sea Chickens game was our must watch for the afternoon. He was so helpful and friendly, and seated us right next to some fellow Niners fans. Many times I'll go into sports bars and they just can't accomodiate my sports tv requests, but at the Tavern I've never had a problem!I'd recommend the Tavern to anyone and everyone! It's a great gathering spot for friends, and they also have fun nightly specials... I mean who doesn't like a good round of Gold Fish Racing! (FYI - Gold Fish Racing is held every Thursday night, and if you haven't experienced this then you should. It's pretty silly & fun!)
4	I've only been to this place once and it was really great.  I just hada grilled cheese and tots which I know is pretty hard to mess up but still very delicious to me.  My boyfriend is obsessed with BBQ chicken pizza and even though they didn't have it on the menu the manager was nice enough to whip one up for him.  Great service. Good food. I dig the goldfish races too!
4	Things I love about this place...-Nice patio,complete with shade and misters-TV set up is great and the staff was very accommodating for football Sundays-The staff is great! The manager even went out of his way to make sure we had a great experience-Complete with a very nice crowd of regulars, the Mayor even bought me and the boys -It's a Saints bar-Pretty good food (except the nacho cheese is gross)My only complaint is that it's a "family" bar,I like kids but, not when I'm at a bar. I'll be back but, just on the right side of the bar!
5	I've been dreaming of their nachos for two days now.TWO WHOLE DAYS.Their nachos have this magical red pepper cheese sauce on them.  I could drink it, but I won't, because its much better on the chips n stuff.Their wings are also the best.  Tavern style it.  Trust me.They like fry and grill them or something?  Whatever they do, they're the best.Love it.
2	I met friends for dinner at Arcadia Tavern this week. The have complimentary Valet because their lot is probably too small. That location is a little awkward. The brunette hostess at the door was the best thing, she was friendly and greeted us and knew which group I was looking for--she gets 5 stars! I was a little surprised at the pricing in the menu, but assumed that for that price, my meal should rock. I got the 48th St. Salad with the walnuts, cranberries, applies, blue cheese, etc. I get some variation of that salad lots of places, so I am a pretty good judge of it. It had something that was cinnamon in it, which kind of overwhelmed the taste and didn't quite belong. Someone next to me got something else and said theirs had cinnamon too. They didn't  like it either. I love cinnamon, but not on certain things. I did try the onion rings which were okay. It looks like a cute place with jersey's hanging high on the ceiling--good atmosphere for a beer. Lots of neighbors were there. Work on the food a little more or lower the price, so I lower my expectations. A nice choice of draft beers too. No one at my table raved about their food. If you want to be a player in the Arcadia Foodie district, you gotta make your menu rock.
4	Yum. Wouldn't normally pay $13 for a French dip sandwich but wow, it was good, with tots on the side. Also had one of a few funky Tempe-area brews that they had on tap - some sort of "Lifted Skirt Scottish ale" I think - in a schooner.  Also very good.TVs were like wallpaper but for a sports bar, I guess that's what you want. But LOUD - come expecting to watch a game, at least on a Sunday when we were there.Nice waiter - Chance, I think, chatted up us two out of towners and gave us good menu direction.
4	Decent food.  Nice service.  Excellent patio.Was here for a business lunch this week.  Normally I probably would have given Arcadia Tavern 3 stars...it's OK but honestly nothing spectacular and their WiFi sucks.   Here's what earned them an additional star:"Sweet Potato Tater Tots"!!!Yes, you read correctly.  I dunno what genius came up with these (they are clearly not house-made), but man oh man -- they were GOOD!  I also had a house burger that was actually 2 burgers stuffed with cheeses, bound & grilled.   A tasty concept, although most of the cheese seemingly melted out of the patties during the grilling process.  Their ranch dressing was superior and did taste homemade.  Kudos on that topic as well.  I dipped my "sweetpotatertots" in it.  Yum.  Grrr!All in all, a great little jawnt, and I'd"d like to come back for happy hour on the patio sometime. Their beers looked tasty & abundant in variety.
4	I joined a couple of work mates for happy hour  last week and was pleasantly surprised.  I loved the neighborhood feel and I would  probably come often if I lived close by...they have a great game area for the kids (which my son would love) which is a huge plus for families. My work mates and I sat on the patio which was cute though you could hear the traffic as the patio is street side ( after a while it really was not that distracting).   The food was good (we only had the appetizers) and I love a place that has Stella on tap. The service was a bit slow but overall I really enjoyed the atmosphere of Arcadia Tavern and will definitely be back.
2	I'm not sure what all the hype is about this place. Don't get me wrong, it has an awesome atmosphere.. but, it's way too snooty to be a sport's bar(which is what it claims to be.)The food was good, but not nearly as good as it should be considering what you're paying for it--yes, it's pricey (for what is essentially bar food.) Our server was just flat-out rude... We just never felt welcome in there.   It is however, a great place to watch a game (there's tv's at every booth)..Other than that though, not a place to write home about.
4	Super friendly staff.  Unfortunately seated by the kiddie play area, but it was pretty loud overall so the kids made little impact on the overall experience.Our whole table just ordered a variety of apps.  Nachos with chicken are awesome.  The giant soft pretzels were buttery, salty, and delicious.  overall, relaxed and yummy
4	This is definitely one of the nicest sports bars I've ever been to before. They have a great patio, the best sangria I think I've ever tasted, and the Taco Pizza is to die for! The service was good, and I only have one complaint... The parking! I think it is absolutely ridiculous to offer valet parking in such a small lot with very limited parking. I hate when places do that! I will be back! :-)
4	I come here for the tator tots.  There are too many televisions for my taste.  The food is solid and the beer is cheap.  I do find the children's play area (while helpful if I had children) a little distracting and it makes me feel guilty, sitting there with a beer while a child is playing video games.There is a guitar player on certain nights outside who is from Tucson and super friendly.  The food is not your standard bar fare, I'd call it bar fare but tastier, thus actually justifying the extra 1.50 you're paying.  And again, did i mention the tator tots?  They have sweet potato tator tots.  The hummus however is weird, I'd stay away from that stuff.
4	we went here for dinner and drinks, and it was awesome. the giant soft pretzels are amazing, buttery, and delicious and are served with a roasted pepper cheese sauce. they are awesome, but get them to share, the butteryness is rich! the prices are reasonable, and the patio is nice to sit out on! even better than the food, service, and prices is the music!! they play an awesome selection of music!!
4	Sweet Potato Tater Tots..................why are you still reading?  what more needs to be said?  Yum Yum getcha some!The only thing keeping them from 5 stars is their unwillingness to enforce rules with parents who bring kids and think everybody else wants to enjoy watching them run around the place like its a playground, its NOT - keep your kids at the table or at home.
4	Yes, the Staff is amazing: very conscientious, very friendly, and the General Manager, Tracy, stopped several times to chat with us.  The tots are AMAZING, but when I complained to Tracy that they must have been cooked in the same oil as the fish, he did not hesitate one second to offer us a second dish of sweet potato tots, on the house!I was there with a friend for lunch, and the place was hopping with a good crowd.  It is a tavern like atmosphere but brighter, cleaner, and more welcoming!
3	Live close, so this is a nice happy hour spot.  Service is always great.  Food is hit or miss.  Once, I could not finish my dish as it was too salty.Hoping the food gets more consistent.
5	Came here with a bunch of the crew from work during lunch, and wow! This hidden gem on the corner of Indian School & 48th Street is a must visit if you're in the Arcadia area. The food here is amazing, and there's such a wide variety including delicious tater tots (even sweet potato tater tots) and the mouth watering reuben that I had chosen. You get a good sized portion as well. Thank goodness for take-home boxes! The restaurant is very spacious, and the staff is really friendly & laid back but get you seated and eating your food in no time. It gets better; the price of the food is VERY reasonable, in fact, I'm kind of shocked how inexpensive they are. A well deserved five stars!
4	Met here for a late night snack and learned that they didn't have food after 10 pm but the awesome staff saved us!! Great chips made here. Salsa and guac very good.  Nice late night atmosphere and good service.  Bar and outside courtyard open. Courtyard is heated, so comfortable in our spring evenings.
4	Great atmosphere! This is a great place to go on the weekend (or week night) if you want to sit at a table with your friends. There is great patio and bar seating. They don't get mad if your friends get too loud but it's a pretty laid back place. They also do gold fish racing on Thursdays which is hilarious to watch.
2	Was this place a Chuck E Cheese before?  I tested Arcadia Tavern out for a mid-week happy hour and it was wall to wall kids.  Little kids.  This is not what I am looking for when I roll to a bar at the end of the day to booze-kill my horrible work week.  It's clearly their aim, however, as every table contained at least two kids and they have wiis and toys set up in a back area of the restaurant for them.  Legos and blocks flying all over the place.They serve the draught beer in these absurdly oversized heavy margarita glasses.  I had to hold my glass with both hands just like the toddlers all around me.  I ordered chicken strips which I am positive came frozen from Costco.  A friend ordered the bruschetta board, the presentation of which was pretty awful but clearly a blatant rip on Postino.  I tried their salami and pesto (sounds familiar) and the mascarpone and prosciutto, neither was very impressive.  The server was forgetful and rather dotty, doing things like taking two out of three drink orders and suddenly walking away.I couldn't get out of there fast enough.
3	This place has a nice neighborhood feel to it.  I like that they have New Castle on tap.  The food is pretty typical bar food and nothing I have had stands out as stellar.  If you live close, it's perfect for a Sunday afternoon beer and sports watching.
4	Acadia Tavern feels like...your neighborhood tavern!The place has a split floor plan - large open restaurant on the left, long bar and patio to the right. They do a good job on typical bar food, grilled wings, prime rib sliders, burgers, and salads. They've even got pizza.There is a regular happy hour crowd here most days. The hotties working behind the bar are always friendly.BOTTOM LINE: I'm a regular. Enuf said
5	Tracy and his staff are phenomenal! Always a fun atmosphere. The food here is great! LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the chicken nachos and the tots. Best tots around! I never have to wait, the staff is always having a good time, and they keep the beers coming! Parking is tight, but the complimentary valet makes up for it. There is a little area for children that is tucked away, always odd to see kids at a bar, but Arcadia does a good job at keeping them away from the bar area so families can come in for a bite to eat.  I would highly recommend this place as a great bar to watch games at, grab some great food (not the average bar fare) or to just hangout and enjoy a few adult beverages. Two thumbs up!
5	Great food, beer, prices, staff and atmosphere.  I'll be moving to a house just down the street in a few weeks.  I think I've found my new favorite watering hole!
5	Best Tavern in the valley.  Wonderful food, great staff and management and fun crowds.  Kid friendly if it's a family night and an even better happy hour/dinner spot for the adults.  They make you feel at home everytime you visit.  My family gets to AT any chance we get.  Love the place.  Tracy always pays us a visit we come in - nice touch and sign of appreciation.  Great job AT!
4	I love the bar area-you can see Camelback from the bar!! Also love the patio! Cant wait to sit outside when cooler! They have great beer selection and they will serve beer in chilled glasses!! Not many places will do that!  Love the bruschettas!! Especially on the rustic bread!! The bartender was so friendly and cute :-)
5	Everyone that works at Arcadia Tavern is friendly and greets you with a smile. The food is better than most sports bars and they will always accommodate a special request. I like the mix of family and the regular sports enthusiasts..... They always put on the Boston Bruins at my request. Go Bruins beat Vancouver in the Stanley Cup. Although it may take 7 games to do it.....Check out Arcadia Tavern!Ron Hourihan - Boston to Phoenix transplant since 2007
5	We love this place!!! Amazing food for moms and kids!
5	Great bloody Mary menu. Fun, fun place.
5	The Tav has been my favorite choice since they opened! The food is amazing, I have never had a bad meal. The service is always impeccable, the staff truly makes you feel like one of the family and they remember your favorites. It is a family friendly place but they do a nice job of keeping the kids entertained in the game area which is separated from the bar area where I prefer to hang. Great place to watch sports and share time with your friends!! The management and the owners have no problem mingling with their guests and making us feel so welcome and at home. Thanks to all of the Tav peeps for a fantastic place!
5	5 stars for the best nachos on this planet.The red pepper queso sauce on them, magical.Love that the chicken on the nachos is shaved thinly.... so perfectly compliment the chips.LOVE!
4	Great atmosphere. Good food and TV. It a family friendly place and a great place to meet to watch a game.
3	I would first like to say that the service is great. I sat at the bar on a Friday afternoon while waiting for my Scottsdale "tour guide" to get his hair cut next door. The bartender talked with me for a good thirty (maybe even forty-five) minutes. (She had other people to tend to, but always came back to finish our conversations.) I really appreciated the friendly service and the great chats. I feel like a jerk for not remembering her name because she was so nice to me. That being said, I'll get on to the real portion of the review: the booze and the food.I had two Dragon's Bites (a great recommendation from the bartender). Rum, cranberry juice, another booze, magic, and lychee juice. Delicious. Not worth the $9 price tag, but good drinks nonetheless. in Austin, I think it would have been more along the lines of $7 a drink. But, I'm not in Austin. I'm in the greater Phoenix area, so nine bucks it is. In all honestly, I'm a lush. I drink too many sweet drinks and my bar tab gets too high. I hear there is a decent happy hour here, so I will have to go back. I really want to try the rest of the mix drinks. They looked so good! Sadly, at 2 PM on a Friday afternoon, there is no happy hour. They had a few beers on tap (Stella, some locals, and some bigger names) and they had a ton of bottled beers. I'm coming back for the Purple Haze.Decent wine list. Nothing fantastic, but not limited. Lots and lots of Napa wines. (Yes, yes. I know. This is Arizona, which is right next to California... But I like Washington and Oregon wines)The food was meh. In fact, I think I got sick from the food. But, it was my fault. I ordered the fish and chips. Pipping hot and served with malt vinegar, tartar sauce, and cocktail sauce on the side. (Yummy french fries! My weakness!) I think my fault was ordering fish in a place that does not have sand covering the ground outside and the restaurant's floor inside. This food sickness has happened to me before and I need to remember to order fish only when I can see the ocean from my seat.Overall, an A-OK place and I will have to try the happy hour menu.
4	We call the AT our local watering hole.  We've been here many many times and have yet to have a complaint.  Good service, food, drinks, atmosphere, ect.  Defiantly worth a try if you haven't been.  I'm not a veggie burger kind of guy but they have one of the best.
2	So this update is long overdue, since I've been here several more times in the last year and half since my initial review. I dropped my rating for a couple reasons. Two things people rave about are the goblets and the food. Well the goblets are only good ice cold and it really sucks when you're served a beer in one that is room temp and then you see someone else getting one immediately after you, in an ice cold one. Is it because they're a regular and know the bartender by name and know their life story? I'm not sure. But wouldn't an icy goblet served to a non-regular be a good way to entice them to become a regular? As for the food, it is pretty good for the most part. Above average for bar food. But I expect that here because it is more than just a bar. Families come here for dinner, which is why there's a separate dining room. The edamame is delicious. Sliders are good. Pizza is just average, but the thing that really threw me off were the chicken tenders. They had to have been the worst I've ever had. It wasn't even real chicken. It was merely pressed meat. You can get better ones at a fast food place. However, I love that they have Abita Turbo Dog, among other beers. And that it's a place to cheer for the New Orleans Saints. Now if they had a good cup of seafood gumbo..........
3	If you live in the neighborhood, Arcadia Tavern is a good place to grab some late night dinner and drinks. The food is good and they have some great beers on tap. The service though, is sometimes lacking; unfriendly waitress at lunch and a bartender who ignored me at night BUT that was only two times out of a handful of other times where I have had fine service. I would recommend this place to someone looking for a laidback place to hang in the neighborhood.
4	Great place for kids and families, or to watch a sporting event.  Parking is an issue.  Be prepared to valet (free) if you get there at lunch time or after 6pm.  Food is reliable and tasty.  Actually getting your food can take awhile, so order promptly.
4	A good place to meet with a bunch of friends.Plenty of TV's for watching sports. The food is decent enough.
5	Great local hangout. Great food, friendly service and great for families. Kids love the Wii Xbox corner!!
4	Nice decor, friendly staff.  Seems to be a Boston bar, but I cant confirm that since I wasnt actually there on a game night.  Nice bar, nice patio, good food.
3	I can't wait for fall evenings in football season where I can hop on my bike, scoot on over to Arcadia Tavern, order a big ass beer and watch the Vikes. Well ok, there is no such thing as a "fall evening" in Arizona cuz it's still in the 90s, my bike is broken and I'm not super crazy about the Vikings, but I will have a beer! This is the kind of place I could actually spend a couple of hours in to watch an exciting game over a few beers with my peeps. Super cool atmosphere. On the bar side. On the other side...I can see how some people might be bothered by rambunctious children and pre-adolescents. Follow these simple directions: enter and turn right. The food is decent. I had the "Roasted Veggie" Salad - there wasn't much that felt "roasted veggie" or fresh about it, but at least it's a lighter option for the meatless crowd. The jalapeno/cilantro hummus was excellent. The plain hummus was, well, plain. The pretzels tasted a little stadium-ish but the beer is a good solution for that. The waitstaff and bartenders are stellar. This will definitely be chalked up to "cool neighborhood joint" in a list-to-be.
4	Came for a Yelp event and really enjoyed the food and atmosphere.  Highlights were the sweet potato tater tots and the buffalo chicken.  Definitely going back for football!
4	Food first and sports second, it's what they say, it's how they do! Recent trip to 602 meant yelping out Lindsey F at her college sports themed Elite Event. Party was perfect and dinner after was divine. We started with sweet potato tots. Yeah, you read that right. SWEET. POTATO. TOTS! They were tasty! I was really tired and can't remember if they're served with a dip-able, don't think they are. Gabi M and I shared the salmon which was tasty! They were kind enough to split it up in the back, placing both our pieces atop a jasmine rice. Could have used some more veg (the asparagus it was served with was minimal) but the dish had great flavor and apparently it's a pretty popular pescado in Arcadia. You know me, I'm not one to turn down dessert and make everyone else eat it after a take a bite, so our group shared the equivalent of Oregano's pazookie. But bigger, and less "done." Mmmmm. Know Before You Go: Great for kids! They have a little game area that keeps the little ones occupied. Smart idea for parents looking to get out, watch a game and eat good food!
4	We are regulars here, mostly due to the kid-friendly nature of this place and yet a decent experience for adults.  I've had the spaghetti, and its just ok.  The prime rib dip is yummy,  the pizza is disappointing, but you can never go wrong with the custom order chicken sandwiches.  Perfect!wine selection is good.  Kids choices are excellent and the free kid ice cream is a big plus.  The feel in this place is clean, and comfortable and not too stuffy.  Loud happy, yet not obnoxious. Parking sucks, but just valet for a couple bucks tip. great tvs and access from anywhere   and a nice play area for older kids.
5	Hands down the best sports bar in phoenix.You can see multiple TVs from every seat in the whole restaurant.  The prices are higher than your standard sports bar, but the food is worth it, and it keeps out the riff-raff.  If you like the idea of a "more upscale" place to watch the game, this is it.  Don't get me wrong, you still will feel right at home in your favorite team's jersey and old cozy pair of jeans. Just don't expect to see and bar fights, and do expect a family or two.The best part of all, they just became a U of A bar! Bear Down!
4	I have been to Arcadia Tavern several times. Everytime I have been the food has been extremely good.First time around I had the Tavern Grilled Cheese with tots. Sandwich was really nothing special, but it was grilled perfectly and the tots crunchy, crispy and not greasy. I will give that meal a C+.Second time was for Happy Hour with some co-workers. My husband and I only had cocktails but several others ordered food. Service was very slow for drinks and food, she was nice just not on top of it. Food ordered was Spinach & Artichoke dip and Hummus & Pitas and a Tavern Burger. Food was well prepared and presentation was spot on and with a $5-$6 price tag you can't go wrong. As for the cocktails, I think $9-$12 for a martini or margarita during Happy Hour is a little overpriced.Third time was for lunch @ about 11 on a Friday afternoon. We (4 co-workers and myself) decided to order the Salted Pretzel with Roasted Pepper Cheese...OMG. That warm soft pretzel was amazing. I literally could have eaten both of the pretzels that come with an order and died a happy woman. The cheese sauce was good but it kinda reminded me of chili cheese. For my entree I had the Phoenix Philly with Sweet Tots. The taste was wonderful, the perfect amount of spice. My complaint was the sandwich was dry and could have used a touch more shaved prime rib and a little more cheese would have made up for the dryness. The sweets tots could have been left to fry a touch more for they were not crisp enouch for my liking, but again the taste was great.  Co-workers had burgers, Hangover and Rocky Point. All said they were perfectly cooked and seasoned. Waitress was nice and got our order correct. The bus boy was great, we never had a dirty dish and he is the one that actually brought our food, both the pretzel and sandwiches.My only real complaint about Arcadia Tavern is the womens restroom. Why would you only have 1 stall? And why would you have in next to the kids area? All of those kids line up in front of the door to wait their turn to play the free video games and the door sticks, I kept thinking I was going to knock some kid out everytime I opened the door. It's Happy Hour, with beer and with beer comes...well you know. Which does bring me to another complaint. I know they have a small restaurant area separate from the bar, but come on it's still a bar. People are drinking and with drunk people comes an atmosphere I really don't want my kid in.Prices for food are competitive and the quality is good, for 5 entrees, a appetizer and non-alcoholic beverages our total was $80. Get the pretzel for Happy Hour its only $5..so, so worth it!
3	Came in here today around happy hour for a beer, wasn't sure if I'd get anything else , so paid cash for the Hop Knot IPA. I should have gotten the tall blond girl who took my fiver to give me a receipt for it, because for the first time in my memory, a bartender "forgot" they were paid cash for a beer. And it wasn't like I went to settle up hours later. It was like a half hour later, after I'd ordered the pita and hummus plate that I went to settle up the check with the gal who'd taken over from blondie, and the Hop Knot is on the ticket."Oh, no, I paid for the beer already.""Really? Hmmm, she said to charge you for it.""Yeah, I gave her a fiver. that's all paid up."Really? Really??? Even though she quickly changed the ticket...there was that little questioning of me (and as a valued FIRST TIME customer?). Unbelievable. I told the manager "Either your barmaid has the WORST MEMORY EVER, or she's deliberately scamming, and I'd keep an eye on her." Luckily Hector the manager was very receptive and kind in his response, (offering to buy me a beer next time I came in), or I'd really have to cut loose on this place. In nearly 20 years of bar-hopping I've never heard of pocketing cash and telling the relief bartender to write it down. Not unless that person is an outright scam artist on the outs with the place. Get a receipt for cash payments!Anyway, pita and hummus plate wasn't bad. Not wild about the regular hummus (very bland), but the jalapeno and cilantro hummus....now you're onto something. Along with the marinaded tomato and cuke salad. Yummy. Worth $8 overall, methinks. Even though they're trying to do the upscale neighborhood sports bar/restaurant thing, they are way overpriced, even for Arcadia (I agree with Erica's review), and the ambiance is lacking that certain inviting...je ne c'est quoi. In short, I was hoping to like this place a lot more than I did, though bartender Jamie is sweet , and management accommodating. Maybe I'll give 'er another shot someday. I'm giving it 3 for Jamie's smile, great hummus platter, and Hop Knot in the goblet.I'm going to start coming into places with a "Beware - I'm a big Yelper" T-shirt. Maybe that will get people to offer even passable service, or respect? Who knows.
4	you know what, this place was delicious especially for a pub.to be honest food is a big deal here and i love that the most. The hangover burger is what i decided to get with sweet tots. I get my burger medium rare...and wow...WOW the most perfectly cooked medium rare burger i have ever had... I bit into the burger and instead of a dry lifeless burger i bit into a 30-70 to a 20-80 burger that just had its delicious flavor pouring out from the first bite till the last. and It isn't on some random bun its on a beautifully fresh bun(kaiser i believe)the tots...amazing because....sweet potato tots...whats not to love about this?? oh the fact that they were crisp and not mushy...yes to LOVE! how about the fact that it wasnt a greasy glob..YES LOVE!!!!! in short great pub to hang and watch any of the countless games with friends, great restaurant for the food.....together...the ultimate game night destination...Happy hour is only on the bar side fyi.
5	i love sports but never used to go to sports bars because of the horrible cigarette smoke that would waft all over the place. now, with new laws in place, i ventured out with a red sox arizona group to watch the greatest team in baseball humiliate the skankees.  and what i discovered is that the arcadia tavern is a go-to place for great company and suprisingly great food. i expected the usual burger and chicken sandwiches to dominate the menu, but was pleasently surprised by the diversity. they have great shrimp dishes, pizzas, incredible nachos, seared ahi tuna and much more. if you are burger person, they are huge, constructed in just about any way you want it, even with an egg! they have messy ribs,and until recently featured a huge high quality steak dinner.  you just have to google the place to see the entire menu. the service is great, and the bartender mike, is a red sox fan! they have beers on tap but unfortunately does not include sam adams. though you can get the boston lager in a bottle. they even have huge ice cream desserts, ranging from root beer floats, sundaes, and a decadent ice cream and cooke that you have to see to believe. kids are welcome, since there is such an emphasis on food that it's hard to imagine it as a sports bar. but it most definitely is...also serving as the football new orleans saints bar, when they serve items like gumbo and jambalaya.  again, bar food is not my forte, but i never turn down a chance to watch the sox with a great group of fans, in a venue that acting more like a neighborhood go to place than a bar which has high standards.
4	Moved to the area recently as was looking for a local spot to frequent with tvs, drink specials and good food. I had driven by this place a few times and popped in one day. I ordered the hangover burger topped with a runny fried egg. Hit the spot! They also serve 18oz drafts $4 ($3.50 during HH). Can't beat that. And their food specials during HH are well discounted compared to their regular menu. The staff is fun and friendly. A place where you can get to know your bartender(s). There is a seated section on the other side of the restaurant w/ booths and tvs along the walls. I've actually never sat down on that side and it can get full during big games. My only caveat is it just seems that many families come there to eat. More than few young children can be found roaming around. Maybe its just me but in the Northeast, you wouldn't find kids in a sports bar. Hence the 4 stars..I just stick to the bar and patio side. All in all not a bad place to grab a bottomless beer and a burger during HH at good prices. Bonus: They're a Red Sox bar!
4	Went here on Labor day during their Happy hour special. Great specials! I had an 18oz Blue Moon that looked like a small fish bowl. The bruschetta was ok, ahi tuna so..so, but the burger was delicious. The service was friendly, prompt, and didn't push us to try this or that, order more, or leave. Look forward to coming back again.
3	This was an interesting dining experience for me. We went for the ASU Mizzu game (GO DEVILS!) From the moment that I walked in the door, I noticed that I was getting, once again, here's that term... "eye fucked" by one of the servers (I'll call her Allie to protect the guilty... not really, that is her name). I'm fine with that, and in my years on Earth, I've discovered that not all women actually want to have sex with me if they look at me. I have experienced, as well, that women, servers, strippers, like to use their sexuality to make a buck or two. When we moved to her section (it was a comfy booth, perfect for watching the game), the overt flirting, hair flipping, and eyeballing continued. As we dined, she would address only me, and not my girlfriend. Odd I thought. Midway through the 3rd quarter, I had had enough of the antics. I wanted to see if she was genuinely interested in me as a person, in all of my cuteness, or was just being overtly sexual and flirty to get me to leave her more money. When she approached the table and asked if we wanted dessert, I made some snarky suggestion that she should be on the menu. It went all downhill from there. She went from hair flipping flirty to watching the table from a far distance. We lost all interaction with her. I enjoy a server that flirts and hair flips if the server can stand her ground, is fun, and can play along. I AM NOT interested in a woman/server being overtly sexual and flirtatious and playing games as a ploy to generate revenue. It irked me that she was so overtly sexual and then acted like I was completely inappropriate by making a remark to her. Ridiculous. It also irked me that she refused to give us attentive service after that interaction.  Generally, I really like this place. Food is great. Service is great. Fun environment. Family and kid friendly. Can the food stand on 4 stars without service? Nah. Can the service stand on 2 stars without good food? No. So, it's a 3.
3	Great place to meet up with friends and have a bite or drink.  It's your typical sports bar food.  We haven't tried their Specials yet, so will post again after that experience.
2	First the food is good, overpriced but good. The thing about this place is that it is beyond poorly managed. You have kids running the place. People overflowing into the street at times because of no parking space. Only guys working it seems are the valets and the slow A** cooks. So as we all stand with infant children to be seated there are 3 booths open but reserved. WHAT? for 25 minutes we stand and and these booths are empty? The 2 girls seating people are maybe 16 and have no idea what is happening. No name tags,no uniforms. a customer has no idea they even work at this place. Then when finally seated they can't get us a high chair because the 2 available have broken safety straps, can you say LAWSUIT! All the other high chairs are being used because they have to use two at a time to boost the chair high enough so the baby can almost reach the tables which are all to high. All the waiting staff is comprised of kids who have no idea about anything you ask. And another thing. Happy Hour is available if you stay on the other side of the restaurant which is standing room only. Who ever heard of such a thing? Yes this is the Arcadia Tavern and yes we have a  Happy Hour but your 10 feet to far over in the restaurant. This was my 4th and LAST time in this place. Food is good but no need to stroke-out because the idiot running the place has no idea how to treat people!
4	This is a great place in the heart of a residential community, which makes it a convenient and enjoyable dining choice if you live in the area. The prices are reasonable and the food is always great. Personally, I come here for their happy hours (which end at 7) to watch sporting events at the bar. The bar area is a bit narrow in the summers when the drop down walls are down but a bit more spacious in the cooler months when the patio is not separated from the bar. The happy hour menu is very affordable and has several options for both food and beverages. The bartenders and servers are very personable and knowledgable. The service is always top notch.The only downside is that the parking lot is tiny and I almost always have to walk from Alberstons across the street. However, they do provide valet service. In sum, if your in the area you cant go wrong with trying this place out.
3	I really wanted to like to like Arcadia Tavern more than I did.  There is so much to love about this neighbor sports bar.  It has a wonderful set up to check out a game and enjoy a beer.  The service is excellent.  However, the food left a lot to be desired.My girlfriend and I decided to check the place out since they had a Restaurant Week deal.  We called ahead just to make sure they weren't packed, and the girl on the phone said a table just opened up and she's save it for us.  Good start.  The parking lot is small and could be a cluster so Arcadia Tavern provides complimentary valet.  That also works for me.  A live band was a nice touch, but it also made the place a little too loud for 8:00. The Restaurant Week deal was from a selection of an appetizer, two entrees and a dessert for $30.  We went with the spinach dip, the fish and chips and half roasted chicken, and the arcadia cookie.  The spinach dip was great, the chips that came with it were nothing special.  The fish and chips were less than stellar.  Neither the fish or fries were very flavorful.  The Chicken was really good, but not something I would really order from a tavern.  The cookie was okay, but way too under baked.  I know that a "pizza cookie" in a skillet is supposed to be under baked, but this could've definitely used another minute or two in the oven.  It was more like warm cookie dough with ice cream.Arcadia Tavern does have a pretty good beer selection.  Drafts were served in Goblet filled all the way to rim.  I don't know why, but I always find that to be pretty cool to drink out of a goblet.If you live in the area, and are looking for a place to eat and watch a game, this a place worth checking out.  There are many sandwich and burger options, plus wings and more traditional tavern food.  I think if I were to return, I will give those a try.
4	We came on a Saturday night around 8pm with 12 of us.  The wait was 1 hour, but the outside patio was available.  No problem!  We sat in the outside patio and our server came by quickly.  She took our drink orders and came back with drinks pretty fast.  Then she took our food order.  While we were waiting sprinkles of rain, dust, and leaves came our way and into some of our drinks and appetizers.  We moved our party inside and Arcadia Tavern was helpful.  I ordered my prime dip with french fries.  The prime dip was pretty good and I am not sure how the fries tasted because I got tater tots.  It was a super busy night, so I did not want to say anything.  The tater tots were ok, I am not too much of a fan.
4	Cool patio and interesting games to drum up business at odd times.  (Goldfish racing!?!?!  Awesome but don't tell PETA.)Good HH and looks like it would be fun to watch a game there.
4	Busy corner, valet required, but a perfect casual and tasty place for a mid-week business lunch.  Very accommodating (changes requested for 2 of 3 dishes at table) and nothing but solid positive comments from all parties I was with.  Friendly, quick very pleasant service too.  I'll go back.
4	We love this neighborhood bar. It's an awesome place to watch football, plenty of TVs that you can see from every seat, even the patio. The food is pretty amazing (you've gotta try the grilled wings), the beer selection is fantastic and they make a mean (and huge) margarita. The service is usually good, though can be hit or miss when they are really busy. I think the only things that could be better about this place are the parking situation* (valet fills up fast and the closest backup option is the Safeway parking lot across the intersection) and the bathroom situation (the restrooms are on the "family" side of the restaurant, opposite from the bar so it's a long walk). But we consider this our go-to Sunday bar and have also come for dinner and trivia during the week. *If you live close, there is plenty of beach cruiser parking.
4	Love, love, love this place!Great atmosphere, great for large groups, casual and fun! Have been here a number of times, and have yet to be let down.Order the sweet potato tater tots! Oh my goodness! Life changing!!!
4	I came here for a Yelp event and had a great time. They have the place somewhat divided into two sections- bar and restaurant. I liked that the patio opens right into the bar so you kind of have an extended bar. The food was really good and the staff rocked. I have been meaning to go back. I'll put that on my to-do list!
3	Just arrived nice place not overly friendly server in the bar this wendsday   more concerned with texting , next up food ????? I ordered the burger 2 paddies  with a couple slices of cheese  and the sweet potato tots the food was 4 stars the  server 1 star ...you know what if your crabby go home
4	Went here for the UofA victory over ASU at the 2011 Territorial Cup. Setup is fantastic, television everywhere: they do a great job of showing all the relevant football games.Ordered the Rocky Point burger with Sweet Potato Tots and I really enjoyed it. Portion size was very large: the burger was very big and they give you a lot of tater tots so you definitely get your money's worth. Also, ordered the Nachos and had to share it with my table: very good as well. Waitress was very nice and was very quick when splitting our checks.Only reason why this place doesn't get a perfect rating is the poor parking situation. My group and I had to park at the Safeway across the street. I would definitely go here again in the future.
3	Cool part of town, cool bar and decent HH deals.  Food is a little boring tho.  Go during the week when theres goldfish racing.
4	I was just going through my reviews, and was shocked that Arcadia Tavern wasn't done long ago!I am a fan of the New Orleans Saints. There is, as far as I know, ONE organized Saints group in the Phoenix area. And they watch at Arcadia Tavern. While I had been in with friends several times before knowing this, I'm a regular during football season now, and have been for quite some time.The management is fantastic. Truly customer satisfaction driven. They have gone above and beyond on several occasions for the viewing group as a whole, and for me personally.The service is hit and miss. I know we can be a large and unruly group sometimes - but many of the servers are clearly new and not fully trained on how to best deal with us.  Some servers (Erica, I'm talking to you!) are incredible - and should give seminars on how to get it done well and with a smile!The place itself is comfortable and well appointed, and I am impressed with how they have really incorporated locals and the area into the feel and theme.The menu is solid. Plenty of choices no matter what your dietary restrictions, hunger level or mood. And it's all well executed.  Great specials - and easy to feel welcome.Their slogan is "All good in the hood" - and Arcadia - you are "What's good in the hood!"
3	Great for Saints and LSU games.
5	Cold beer and great staff, plus a Yummy burger.
3	Arcadia tavern is just ok.  The food is decent.  I had a tridip.  It was great.  Drink selection was also decent. The big problem I had was the seating.  They seated us in the back near the childrens play area.  Not so desirable.  I felt like I had to be careful of everything I was saying. I don't understand why so many places need to be valet, and this place is no different.  I'm sure I'll go back, but I'm not running out the door.
5	Today was my first time at Arcadia Tavern after it was recommended to me by a friend. They said it was a nice place, so I decided to go clear to the other side of Phoenix just to meet someone for lunch and try it out.And I have to say...My guest and I were pleasantly greeted, and taken care of really well. :-) 5 out of 5 stars.The blonde waitress there named Alli is one of the best servers I've ever had wait on me in the last 15 years.The food was good, the atmosphere was pleasant (went during lunch today/wednesday afternoon around 3pm), and the price was as expected...but the service was outstanding and I made sure the tip reflected it. Well deserved.The waitress was prompt, friendly, courteous, professional, kind, and very welcoming. It was more like going to an enjoyable event by the end than a regular visit to a restaurant, and I really liked that feeling. It was very comfortable.The first impression is always the strongest and most lasting. For some it is good, for others not depending on the day and people I'm sure...but from the cook to the hospitality, everything was stellar today.Thanks to the staff at Arcadia and to Alli for making it such a nice day there. Will definitely be back with others, and highly recommend.
2	Today was my second visit to the Tavern to catch some football and food with friends. My first experience was just okay, I don't want to be entirely negative so I'll admit the veggie burger that I ordered on my first visit was really good and made in house. My experience today however will not likely secure a third visit. My friends arrived before me so luckily I didn't have to wait. I did however feel sorry for those who did since there's not really any "waiting area", people were standing in the entrance door trying to catch glimpses of the game. My beer was served warm which is a sin in my opinion, my pizza was very salty which made it hard to eat which sucked because I was hungry. The absolute worst part of this experience was the smell/smokiness - I felt like I was in a small room next to a gigantic deep fryer. I'm not sure if it was the location of our table or what??? I wasn't the only one that noticed it. It was unappetizing to say the least & I couldn't wait to get out of there. Not returning anytime soon.
4	I've only been to Arcadia Tavern once, but I love the atmosphere.  Tons and tons of TVs...if you are a sports fanatic, this place is totally for you.  There's not a bad seat in the whole joint.  I ordered the chicken wings and loved that they came grilled.  The wings weren't wimpy, they were nice and plump.  It was a great meal.  My boyfriend and I will definitely be back.  Who knows...it might be our Saturday hangout when college football season starts up again.
2	This staff could not interact with us  less. We intrtoduced ourselves by name. Nothing. Got a refill when our beers were low. One star. These girls stare at the bar top and really seem to engage with only those who are regulars or "tippers". Being in the industry I feel badly giving 10 percent but there was NO interaction that would make me give them anything more.
4	I've been here a few times for happy hour and always have a great time and enjoy the food and drinks.I must say, Friday nights are definitely crazy busy and there always seems to be a crowd of forty +. I was here last night and sat outside on the patio. I love live music, but unfortunately, it was so loud that even sitting right next to my date, it was hard to hear! The food here is great though - I most recently had the nachos and spinach dip and loved them both. And I enjoyed the "Hint of Asia" cocktail - pear vodka with ginger lacquer and rock candy.I would definitely recommend this place. And it seems great for families too as they have lots of things, like Wii, to keep the kids busy. Just be weary of the patio on a weekend evening...
5	This place is AWESOME!!  I used to go WAY back when the property was a desolate pizza place.  I was really impressed with the decor, atmosphere, wine list, beer selection, food and most of all their acts to accommodate children!!!  What a brilliant idea!!  People with children do have money and do want to spend it at places that don't have a play-land!  We went on a Friday for Happy Hour (again I recommend) and even got to sample a new Iced Tea Vodka - Deep Eddie's (that I can't wait to have again).   The service was just attentive enough but not intrusive.  We may have been too preoccupied with conversation and kids too have a two-way conversation with our server all the time.  We made sure to take care of her though.My Yelp friends know I look for a good wine menu and that influences my rating - they had a great selection for wine lovers and those new to wine.  They had a packed patio as they had some outdoor festivities going on which added A LOT of energy to the place!!  Super fun - take your friends, take your family, take your kids and have a great time as there seems to be something cool going on everyday!  Most places don't like to do too many specials as they think it may "confuse" the guests but doing it this way makes it exciting to go any day of the week!I would suggest one thing... maybe more bathrooms?  Unless I am mistaken, there were only 1 set of bathrooms (like 1 toilet each men and women) on one side of the restaurant and 1 set on the other side.  I'm hoping I missed something but that won't stop me from going back and telling everyone how awesome this place is!!
4	My first visit to the Arcadia Tavern--a four-star trip. (If everything lives up to the initial impression on subsequent visits, I'll raise the rating to five stars.)Arrived at about 3:30 pm on a Friday, but tiny parking lot was already full. Not to worry, though, as free valet parking guys appeared to whisk cars across the street to the large parking lot of a funeral home.Venue offers three distinct seating areas. To the left at entry is a restaurant area with large booths and tables. Lots of high quality large flat screen TVs, even a separate area for kids with TV content appropriate for youngsters. Middle portion of venue is a bar with both at-bar seating and high four-tops. (I chose that one.) To the right is a nice outdoor patio, screened by bushes from busy Indian School Rd and with ample tables and shade umbrellas. As the afternoon unfolded, people arrived so that by 5:30, bar and patio areas were full.Menu offered lots of interesting choices; I had an "Arcadia Club" sandwich--featuring LOTS of turkey, tasty apple wood smoked bacon, avocado, and delicious chipotle mayo. Side of fries was crispy and nicely seasoned. Draft beers included a number of my favorites, and many additional cans/bottles, so no one should leave thirsty.Star of the visit, though, was the outstanding service. Friendly server, came quickly, delivered food and drinks in timely way, and stopped by often to see if anything else was needed. Server was Lauren, who handled the bar area 6-8 tables superbly. Other areas appeared equally will-served. Appears to be a restaurant with knowledgeable management, as additional servers appeared as the place filled.I will definitely return!
4	I stopped in here this week for a late business lunch and entered the door absolutely famished! It was 3pm and I was a lot closer to dinner than lunch. The food did not disappoint.I ordered the steak salad while my colleague ordered the fish and chips. Both were wonderful. I had the honey-lime vinaigrette on my salad and it was very tasty with the beef. The place was clean and there was a nice outdoor patio along with a great play area for kids in the back of the restaurant. Definitely worth a repeat stop. Enjoy!
3	If we had kids, I'd prob give this place 5 stars for the sole reason they have entertainment for the kiddos and beverages for the adults.  There's a section in the back with 3 tvs and game consoles set up along with toys.  Great idea!Anyways, back to our experience.  We came for a quick bite and a few drinks after work and were pleasantly surprised.  The atmosphere was good, drinks were reasonably priced and the food decent.  I had a pretzel with cheese sauce as I was missing Philly.  It was ok...you can't really compare to the pretzels I grew up on from the street vendors.  My husband had the tavern burger and it was pretty delish.  A bit overcooked but delish.  Beer and wine selection is also decent.  Fun place.  Will def be back to try one of their weeknight dinner specials.
4	A nice place for a group to go after work. They even have an area for kids with three different video game systems. Good prices too.
4	Great Sports Bar.  In Phoenix/Tempe for work and checked out a couple bars to watch the Laker, OKC, Miami, NY, Clipper games.  Aracadia Tavern quickly became our go to bar while we're in town.  Decor/layout:  4It's a simple layout that works.  Multiple TV's on the walls and bar.  Not alot of other decoration to distract you.  Good spacing between tables and chairs never had to weave in and out to get to a table or restroom.  Nobody standing infront of the tables blocking TVs.  Great setup for watching a game and there was always a TV available for us to watch the games we wanted.Service:  3.5I've had great service everytime I've been here.  Drinks always refilled without prompting.  The only knock i give them is for when we're watching a late game, once or twice our server seem disappeared and/or left without telling us.  We had to find someone else to give us our bill.  Quality/taste: 3.5Grilled wings tavern style are a must.  Delicious and meaty.  Great way to start a meal and the game.  First time we got them we had to get another order.  Now we usually get an order each when we go.Big Azz Nachos were tasty.  A lot of food and a decent ratio of elements.  It's typical barfood.  Can't go wrong with that. Prime Dip was just ok.  I wasn't a big fan, but wasn't the worst and wasn't the best beef dip i've had.  the prime rib had little taste the Au jus was like colored water and the meat wasn't piled on.  Very underwhelming.  Chef Rob's slow cooked ribs were pretty tasty.  The meat was soft and juicy.  The sauce had a good flavor and had a little bite to it and not to sweet.  Sweet Potato tater tots.  You can't go wrong with sweet tater tots.  Price: 3Ok priced food and drinks.  Haven't taken advantage of some of their daily specials (there's a wine and pizza day and other specials).  But they look good.  My company was paying for my meals so i wasn't paying too much attention to the prices.  It's definitely not the cheapest bar food you can get, but for the quality you get you're not breaking the bank.    Misc:  4Parking can get crowded there.  You may have to valet it.  For those that don't like leaving their keys with people this could be a big negative.  Late night Trivia games are fun.  They were always willing to accomadate us for the games we wanted to watch.
2	Meh. I was really excited to try this place out. I saw that they had ballpark pretzels so I was psyched! When we arrived there were no parking spots, so we had to go across the street to Safeway and walk over. Not that big of a deal. We were seated right away. I liked that they had big booths and the picnic tables were fun. Our waitress couldn't have cared less that we were there. We even told her it was our first time there and she didn't even welcome us or tell us anything about the place. We ordered the ballpark pretzel to start. I wasn't impressed with it at all. Its more bread like, very fluffy, not like a ballpark pretzel in the slightest. The cheese dipping sauce that came with it was underwhelming. Total bum out.Our meals came pretty quickly. I ordered the Chinese chicken salad, it was good. I liked the dressing and the fact that it was shaved chicken. I really liked the tortilla strips in it (though that's more like for a taco salad?) Overall it was a decent salad, they could use better quality lettuce in it, it seemed to be mostly iceberg. My husband got the prime dip with a side of onion rings. He said the sandwich was just ok, not terrible but not memorable either. The onion rings were a joke. They had zero taste and honestly tasted like the onion rings that you buy in the freezer section of the grocery store. We each ate one and then he took the rings off his plate and set them off to the side. No one wanted to eat them. I actually asked the waitress if the onion rings were made FRESH, she said yes, I said really because they taste like they came out of the freezer, she said, welllll ummmmm ya I think they are frozen. NOT cool to lie to customers. My mother in law got the fish and chips. The fish was actually pretty decent, I stole a bite. However, once again frozen run of the mil french fries and the coleslaw was not edible. When the bill came I noticed they charged us $1 for the horrible onion rings. I told my husband and when the waitress came back he asked her why. As I had said previously, we had told her it was our first time, when she asked him what side he wanted he said he didn't know what they were so she listed them off for him and did not tell us that the onion rings were a "premium" side dish and were extra. Seriously it is only a $1 and we wouldn't have even made a deal out of it if they would have actually been edible. So we asked her if she could take the $1 off as they were terrible and we didnt eat them and we weren't even told they were extra. She sends the manager over, seriously. To take a $1 off. He told us he could take the $1 off or give us a free dessert. We went with the $1 off as we were all ready to get out of this place. He didnt even ask why.So there you have it. Its a cool looking place, looks like they have a nice patio. The food is underwhelming. For 3 dinners, 2 beers and an app our bill was about $64. Would I go back here on my own? No. Would I go back here if some one asked me to join them? No.
4	Tater tots and pretzel bun burgers. YUM.This place has yet to disappoint. Parking is tricky even with valet but it always works out.
5	Really great little bar with amazing food.  Nice outdoor patio and lots of tv's for sporting event viewing.  You can also reserve the patio for private parties.
1	Never ReturningFirst off the parking lot is atrocious the valet guys were probably the only positive about the whole experience. My girlfriend and I walked in and was told to have about a 20min wait, no problem that's standard. Our table was ready in about 10 which was great. We get seated look over the menu 5...10...15 mins pass by and we were not even greeted by a server. 2 other couples seated after us had drinks before we even met a waitress. My girlfriend asked one of the bus boys if we can see a server he replies with a very rude and monotone voice "Working on it". Another 10 mins pass by still no server. We promptly get up and leave. As we were leaving we pass by the same hostess that seated us and she says "oh I guess they are leaving you can have that table" to another couple just walking in. I promptly told the couple don't waste your time we never saw our waitress for 30 mins. I'm glad to see that I'm not the only yelper that thinks their "wait" staff is terrible. Wait being the key term in that phrase. This place would get zero stars if allowed
2	Poor service and expensive food that isn't impressive. It does score points for having a lot of beer choices and a good patio. Go for drinks, not for food and you should be content.
3	This establishment is ideal for the sports enthusiast because of the number of TV's located throughout the restaurant. They also play live music on the patio. The service and food are just average.
4	This place is always packed.The burgers and pizzas are sooooo good. And they offer tater tots! Whats not to love.My hubby is now a fan of their grilled cheese. While im still partial to their awesome burgers, I tried their bruschetta the other night and it did not disappoint.
1	This place is the biggest piece of shit bar. It entirely misrepresents Arcadia and the status of its residents- nobody that works or goes to Arcadia Tavern even lives in Arcadia. It is degrading the entire area. Their food is awful, their bartenders are disgusting and rude, and I don't think they have ever heard of hiring trained bar managers. I am shocked it is still in business. If you're smart, you won't waste your time here.
5	The people are all friendly and nice. The happy hour Buffalo chicken sliders with blue cheese hit the spot
5	Pizza, wings, pretzel bread... what more can I say. Absolutely fabulous.
2	After a day of packing to move, some friends (regulars of Arcadia Tavern) suggested going there for a bite to eat.  They requested a certain table since the kids were with.  Our server was LESS than ready to take care of our group.  We immediately told her there would be 3 checks if possible since there were 3 families at the table.  She said it wasnt a problem.  Well, we could not have been more specific when placing our orders, in fact, after taking one families order, she had to leave the table to put in the order. (ok, one adult salad and one kids spagetti) then she came to our family and we placed our order, again, back to put it that one order.  Finally the third family order (one adult appetizer and a beer).  That was the extent of the order. A runner brought out our food and we noticed one of the kids from our family was missing their meal.  Of course, the runner doesn't know so we have to wait for the server who was MIA.Long story short, our drinks sat empty for most of the meal.  She seemed too busy to bother.  When the check came, the "no problem" of splitting the checks became a huge problem.  The 3 families became 2 and the meals among the 3 were all separated wrong.  We asked the server to come back over so we could correct it and she didnt seem to understand what the problem was.  I personally, took a pen and went as far as to place stars by all of our families stuff, checks for another family and dots for the third family.  Of course, she brought back the checks still incorrect, so we again had to help her.  Finally, the checks came and we were missing an item, but she didnt seem to care, (maybe the free beer was a consolation gift).  We felt the food was good. The pricing was decent, however, the fact that the server could care less about us,  left a very bad taste in my mouth and therefor would prevent me from choosing to go there in the future.
5	Ok...So I know its a sports bar/Restaurant...but really the food is always good, the service is always friendly (and good looking). They have one of the best happy hours in town. This place is a great local spot in the Arcadia neighborhood, so easy walking any where. Parking is a little tight, but they have valet and its free..Overall, a great place to hang with the family or just watch a game and grab a beer. highly recommend this to any one...
5	Arcadia Tavern is one of my favorite spots for Happy Hour! Such a great deal. From 4-7pm Mon-Fri. I usually get the Ahi Tuna appetizer ($10) and the HH chardonnay ($5). I also enjoy going in on Saturdays. They have half off all bottles of wine during the summer! I love hanging with friends at the bar, but they do have a great dinning room that is kid friendly. And always great service.
5	I love that this restaurant can accommodate  all types of people. It's a sports bar with Family style entertainment! The staff is always friendly and  they aim to please. The food is always good and prices are very reasonable. The bar is on one side so it splits the Families with children on the other side with an amazing area with tvs to play Xbox and wii. Check this place out. You won't be disappointed.
4	Get the wings grilled!! They are SO good! Wonderful Happy Hour with great drinks!
5	This. place. is the bomb.  Great happy hour, bartenders are always friendly and helpful, and if you go enough they'll remember who you are.  Chef Rob does an amazing job with the food on just about everything - some of my favorites are the Arcadian pizza and the California Chicken.  Oh - and if you like sweet potato, you have got to try the sweet potato tots.  You can die happy after you have these.  Crowd is pretty diverse, but everyone always, always gets along.  That, coupled with the great drink deals and awesome food, makes the Tavern a regular hang-out spot for sure.
4	My first time visit as recommended by my friend, who is a regular. I had the Tavern burger..and it was delicious...cooked to perfection. I also had the sweet potatoes tots.OMG they were fantastic so sweet  and tasty (my first time). I drank my cos-mo and enjoyed the lively atmosphere. I  positively will go again and bring some new friends with me.Even though the place was jam packed on Saturday night the service was top notch.We sat outside on the patio because it was a nice cool night which is a rare thing in August.
5	This place is awesome!! It has a great vibe and all the people that eat and work here are very friendly and welcoming.  It was the first place I went when I came to the neighborhood and everyone welcomed me to the area and the employees gave me tips about restaurants, activities, and really anything else I asked about.  It was a great welcome to the neighborhood!  Also every time I have had "buffalo" anything it has been phenomenal.  Ask monty about the "brojito" which is a delicious take on the mojito and ask Kristina for her take on the gin and tonic sometimes called a "sneakers o'toole".  Enjoy!
4	Stopped in for a happy hour experience and everyone is very friendly from the hostessess to the bartenders. Very reasonable drink prices between 4 and 7pm with the highlight being the $3.50 18oz pours of whatever you want (i got some newcastle). Hot pretzels are always my favorite and these pretzels were 2 for $5 and served nice and hot and with an unusual roasted pepper cheese sauce that at least for me had a nice kick to it and caused some sweating, but it was an enjoyable sweat. Very nice TV setup and they will turn on any game you want. Only negative is valet parking. I got there early, but probably better to park somewhere else, instead of heading into the main lot after 6pm.
4	LOVE THIS PLACE!  Awesome for football and happy hour, good food.  The only down fall is there is usually a tons of kids which can be annoying.
4	We like coming here to watch Nebraska football! Go Huskers! They usually have it over the loud speakers and we can get a straight on shot from most seats. It can get crowded for college football so we have been know to make reservations.Service:Can be poor - be patient with themFood:Fries are for sure frozenMargherita pizza is good (but not the best I have had)Really like the wings and saladsThey have good beer choices and they serve large portionsPrices are decent for the food.Kids:They have X-boxes and Wii games in a kids corner to keep them occupied, so if you don't like to have kids around while watching football you may want to go some where else.Atmosphere:Comfy - big half circle booths and large picnic tables.Four stars because we typically get poor service but we get to watch our game, eat decent food, and keep the kids occupied.
5	Please don't tell anyone that this is the best place to watch Ohio State Football on the weekends. The service is great and the food is even better. Bring a few friends and share a few dishes. You will love to eat a bunch of everything there.I don't drink Bloody Mary's but you can build your own. Very cool feature.
5	SPOT ON PERFECTION!Great service, great food and kid friendly. Best salmon dinner I have had in a long time. We had 15 in our dinner party on Friday night. Ashley our waitress couldn't have been more attentive. Never a empty glass or a dirty plate left on the table. Everyone at our table was raving about their food. Even my husband LOVED the Baja Taco's, he said the rice and beans were not your normal rice and beans and were FANTASTIC! Such great flavorful food coming out of that Kitchen! THIS IS A MUST!!! BEWARE you to will become ADDICTED!
5	Great place to watch a game, relax and have fun with the staff as they attend to my food and beverage needs.Will definitely be heading over more!
2	We were told that this was a good place to go with our 2 kids.  We arrived at 5:45 on a saturday evening, and they were slammed.  The service was slow, I am pretty sure our waitress had WAY too many tables.  I got the bacon blue burger and it was good, although they overcooked, I asked for medium and it was well.  My husband liked his southwestern wrap, until he picked up the second half and discovered a hair on the plate.  Once our waitress returned she immediately took it away and asked him if he wanted anything else, but at that point he lost his appetite.  They did take the $ off the bill.  It took our waitress at least 10 minutes to bring the check once we asked for it, then we paid partly with cash and partly with a card.  We instructed that she take the cash off the bill and put the rest on the card, she returns, cash gone, and full amount on the bill.  Now we stand around another 10 minutes waiting for her to return.  Finally get it all taken care of and get out of there. Definitely not someplace I would recommend or return to.  Maybe it is better during the week when they aren't as busy?
3	3.5 starsCame to watch football on a Sunday afternoon. The taco pizza was good and wings were decent. The beer selection wasn't bad and prices were overall not bad. My only complaint was the lazy server we had. She was nice, but she kept forgetting things and would just hang out in a corner.
5	Amazing food! Great service. I ordered a dessert to go home and they packed the entire thing in sperate containers. Perfect!
3	After trying more of their menu (burger, wings, fish and chips) I am upping my rating to 3-stars because the food is all respectable. The service, however, is still very lacking if it is at all busy (like during Sunday football). I am a server and I have worked in a busy sports bar before so I understand the challenges of serving in this style of restaurant, but the consistency of the poor service is cause for concern. Sit at the bar if you can find room and the service is much better. They also have a $5 off your bill offer with a yelp check in.
5	Chicken nachos....wings....football....cold beer!  Love it!!
5	I am getting much pickier in my old age, but I really like this place. We have gone there three times, and the service varies depending on the server, but it is usually always pretty good. Tonight it was exceptional. Three people milled around our table helping out with drinks, dishes, etc.  It was just amazing how nice everyone was and how well we were taken care of.The drinks are delicious.  We both had martinis and they don't have top shelf alcohol, but they were quite tasty and really well done.  The prices were pretty good, too...I think martinis are expensive normally, but these were big and quite nicely priced.  I love the food here. I had a Steak Salad, shared some wings and enjoyed some tasty chips and salsa.  My mom and son joined us and she loved her salad and my son devoured the tater tots. The burger, however, was grilled and he doesn't like the "black stuff", so I got to enjoy a bit there too...totally yummy!!I know we'll be back. The band "Sugahbeat" is awesome and they play there on Fridays (most often) and we love hearing them and enjoying the warm, family friendly, atmosphere...where can you drink beer with friends and let your kids get up and walk around and play Wii?  At home and at Arcadia Tav!Love it!
4	I am a fan, I don't go to a bar and expect fantastic food, or do I order the $10.00 wings. My family and I go there for the amazing little kid area in the back of the dining room full of toys and Nintendo Wiis for the kids to keep themselves entertained while the parents sit in the booths surrounded by all their favorite sporting events on nice large flat screens.Finally, a sporty bar / resturant  that understands that the majority of their clientelle are mostly young familites which have young children. great job on figuring that one out. we spend lots of money there just because of that feature. Their wait staff isn't very good at all, and even with the complementary valet, it can still take 5-10 minutes to get your car on a busy night, but with that being said, we still find ourselves going there almost weekly for the ok food because it's so very kid friendly. Oh yea, and our favorite thing on the menu, the southwest chicken eggrolls, they took off the menu, go figure.
3	Monday night BCS championship game 1/7/2013 Notre Dame vs Alabama.  The joynt was packed and yet as soon as I got the eye of the waitress, she never left me; the whole night she was there to check on the food and drink - great onion rings, over-cooked burger, good tater tots, great cold draft Blue Moon beer - and she smiled and seemed so controlled in all that crowded-house madness.  That says a lot to me.Worst moment of the night was the asshat of a punk from the Elite dry cleaner two doors down who chased after me complaining that I parked in HIS handicapped parking space - guess what D-Bag?  It ain't yours, it's mine.  My doctor and the US Army says so.  I had my crip card showing, and he still disrespected me.enuf - I'll follow up on his YELP review spot
4	Great family dinner tonight.  Happy kids, happy grown-ups!  Extra bonus, had a Groupon!  My dad kept stealing the nephew's wings, he loved them!  My cobb salad was perfect as always.  Casual, comfortable, great people watching.
3	Ok, I came back here with my date and tried a real dinner. The food was still good. I had the turkey rueben with pretty good quality turkey, melted provolone and a good layer of cole slaw on the bottom. The sandwich held together nicely and the regular tater tots were as good as those things can be. So, why am I deducting a star, well it's because of the owner. He seems to call everybody "buddy". It is fairly annoying to me to be called buddy by someone who is seating me and doesn't know me at all. I realize there is a number of ways to refer to someone and this a casual place, but buddy is not one of them. All you should do is say, "how many for dinner?" He even tried to clean the plates off the table by saying, "you finished with that buddy" and also "sure I can turn the game on for you buddy. After awhile it was pretty comical. Maybe a drinking game can be invented with this guy - ya know, take a chug when he invokes the "buddy" line, but don't drive home cause you will get drunk with that game.  Oh yeah, cool board games also, but our waitress was sitting at the table in front of us and hanging out at that table in-between serving our food. A bit bizzarre in Arcadialand.
3	I haven't gone here in the evening. I have had lunch and dinner here (not on the same day, that would be crazy) and I would go back for that reason. It's nice, and has a sports bar feel to it - with the advantage it doesn't feel like a franchise. They have something for everyone, even if it lacks some of the conveniences if viewed as a restaurant, which it is not.With that said, we'll met again arcadia tavern.
2	Talk about an attitude! The server whom i didn't catch a name from since she stood at our table for a nanosecond and disappeared every time asking us but not giving us a chance to talk  if we did or did not want something.  I am glad the boys only ordered drinks once here, since her attitude was just crazy we decided to leave after they paid for their tabs.
1	Good food, Great Beer, Terrible Service. I understand when a bartender is busy with a full restaurant and bar that they can't make me the center of attention but when that bartender is busy with a personal conversation it becomes a problem. Had to ask for a menu, wasn't asked if I would like another beer or anything else, was simply given a tab....??? Also, it's nice to at least make eye contact when you're asking how the food was or when you're handing someone a tab they didn't ask for. Once again, usually not a big deal when a place is slammed but when I'm being treated like this while you're having a 20 minute conversation with a guy at the bar 4 feet from me and chopping cucumbers.... seriously. I've never been made to feel so unwelcome in an establishment; apparently ownership has a problem with making money. Basic things like checking on your customers and asking if they'd like another beer shouldn't be ignored just because your staff is pretty. I generally let stuff like this go and chalk it up as just catching someone on a bad day but this is now the second time I've received service like this from Arcadia Tavern.
5	Let me tell you something, I have been going to Arcadia Tavern for the last 3 to 4 years, by far the best damn sports bar in town hands down!!! From the hospitailty of the staff to the basic service I have not experienced a better place. Fun atmosphere for the entire family. If you have kids they have an area for you. I suggest you come on out to the Tavern and enjoy a night of great company and spirits! Food is great at a reasonable price! They have tv's everywhere for every game, and if it's ot on, just ask and you will see it! Hats off to the Arcadia Tavern crew for making any evening enjoyable!! Will definetley recomend this place to anyone in town or coming in town! Trust me a sure hit!!!
4	Heyyyyyyyyy!It's all good! (in the hood)Ya'll ready for thisUh huh....it's all good (in the hood)Heyyyyyyyyy!It's all good! (in the hood)Call the game (at the tavern)See, I can order it plain (my fries)From going to the tavern we get paid (not really)Since I'm going eatYum make my belly shake!(MC Hammer - It's All Good - lyrics)Arcadia Tavern is located off Indian School and 48th St.  The tavern offers great American classic meals and appetizers!  Yes, great place to hang for Happy Hour and a game, which they offer all NFL games!  Music during the weekends and some weekday nights too!I always order their Happy Hour appetizers here.  Cheeseburger sliders, artichoke dips, chicken fingers, and Nachos.  I have to say they're all great with beer!   Haha!  However, if you're too late for HH, the tavern's regular menu is just as good.  They have the Hangover burger here that is fast becoming popular.  Gee I wonder why!?   Juicy burger topped with jack cheese, bacon, onions, tomatoes, and finally a fried egg!  Yeah, if you have heart conditions then stay away!  During the wee evening hours they fire up a street taco grill.  Yes, this brings me back to the good ol' party days!  I'm half drunk and trying to eat spicy ass street tacos!  My advice, bring a DD or be one -- DD means designated drinker right!?  Just kidding play safe my friends.  -  Enjoy!
3	Nothing special here. The food was par, the service was par, the atmosphere was sub par. It was clean. I wouldn't return, only because I appreciate unique and original concepts to which this is not.
3	A solid place to get a drink and some food - no doubt.  The place seems spacious, clean and is decorated uniquely.  My guess is that we just got lucky when it comes to parking, since there is a valet option.  I'm not a big fan of parking hassles so the place needs to be awesome to overcome that.  Also - seriously, the restrooms can only handle one person at a time in a BAR that is that size??  That is something that is not good at all.  There is a good drink menu with a great amount of locally made beers.  I went with the buffalo chicken sandwich, which I thought was good.  It could have been saucier for my taste, but it came out ripping hot (temperature-wise) which I love.  The fries were not as hot but seasoned nicely.  My other half seemed to like her burger but she did not rave about it.All in all - for a place that is out of the way for us, it would really have to be great and this was not to that level.  Now if I lived walking distance away....maybe that would be a different story.  But to me, I expected more from a place that was on Check Please AZ.
1	This place aggravates me!  The location is good, the food is good... and that's about all I can think of that's good about it.  It has such potential though!Firstly, who wants to be forced to valet when trying to have a quick lunch?  The MAIN complaint is the service!  I sat at the bar to have a drink and an appetizer while I was waiting for my haircut.  I had 45 minutes, so I thought that was plenty of time... it wasn't.  There is one blonde "hot" bartendress who is obviously not hired for her skills.  It took me 10 minutes to get my menu and water and then another 15 of trying my hardest to get her attention to put in my order.  The food came quickly and it was delicious... but this girl spent half of the time talking to two guys at the end of the bar and the other half on her cell texting.  By the end I was standing with cash in my hand to try to get to my haircut on time.  They also short-change you.  My bill was $10.27 and I gave them a $20.  She gave me $9 back... I feel cheated because she kept my $.73 as a tip... she didn't deserve that at all.PS.  This is not my first time, I've given this place many chances and fortunately there are some places close by finally where I can take my money and tip elsewhere!
4	I really enjoy the atmosphere at this bar & grill. Definitely the place to go if you're in the Arcadia neighborhood.
2	They only get 2 stars for the food, which is really pretty good.  Their service--I'd give them less than -0- if I could.  At best:  a bunch of disinterested young kids sitting around BSing or wandering around inanely doing their best not to pay attention to you.  At worst:  kind of snotty youngsters who seem genuinely put out/angry that you would dare to ask them for service.  The folks at the bar seem to have the best luck getting responses--maybe because the bartender can't "escape" and wander around like the rest of them?  When the manager is there, there is a "slight" improvement; when he is not, they'll let you walk in and wander around without offering to help.  They don't seem to understand that they are running a business--I honestly get the impression that they think they are being paid to "hang out" and anything that gets in their way of doing that (ie: customers) is best ignored/avoided.  Not going back!!!
3	Fantastic to have it right around the corner from the house. However, the vibe there is totally awkward. You don' t know if it's a family restaurant (the entire left side of the place is family-land) or a bar (the right side and patio is laid out sports bar style). You're having fun with friends, and all of a sudden, a little kid runs by screaming!?!?!They have large portions and fairly good food. If they were able to focus on their target customer (it would be an awesome Arcadia bar/restaurant - lose the family-land feel), it would be a spot I went to all the time.They have mandatory valet too, even if you're just picking up a to-go order. The parking lot is tiny.
4	Love the indoor/outdoor feel at the bar.  Plenty of TVs, including some outside, although the glare is an issue during the day.  Good beer selection, attentive, friendly staff.  The pretzels and tater tots are phenom!  I shall return.
2	I have been to Arcadia tavern a lot. I used to like going for the tater tots (sweet and regular), good atmosphere, and the decent food, but now they charge $2 to sub tots for fries. This was a free option till recently. It's already on the higher end for lunch. The burgers are $12, and you usually have to valet. The additional $2 charge for tots is extreme. I know; I'm cheap, but if you add a soda and tip, you've got a $20 lunch.Anyway, the increased prices, some spotty service I've had recently, and a couple of bad meals made me take this off the rotation. If you do decide to go, I'd recommend the burgers or salads. I didn't like the bland $15 french dip. I also didn't care for the buffalo chicken wrap that was missing blue cheese. I mentioned the missing blue cheese to the waitress, but she insisted it was in there. I told her I couldn't see it or taste it, and I was sure it was not in my wrap. Once again she said it was in the wrap and then asked me if I wanted "more" blue cheese... Ugh, It seems like it would have been easier to just grab a side of blue cheese from the kitchen. Oh, well.
2	The last few times we have been here have been less than desirable. I think we have finally decided to give up on Arcadia Tavern. The food is a little over priced, and the service is questionable. A little too much attitude being thrown around.I recommend sitting at the bar or on the patio if you do give it a go.
5	I'll start by saying I love this place and it has a solid spot on my lunch rotation.  The parking can be an issue at times because of the tiny lot, but the valet is quick and I don't mind throwing a kid a few bucks to park my hoopty.  The service is usually friendly and reliable, but what keeps me coming back is the food.  I was always really surprised with their American bar fare because it just tasted so damn good.  That was until I found out why.I met the Chef one day and came to find out that he is a product of Houston's.  I'm sure most people don't know this but everything is made in house from scratch (and I mean everything).  Even the dressing are home made.  That turkey club you just ate came from a turkey breast that they roasted in back and portioned on the meat slicer - same with the roast beef.  I'm a foodie and I love to cook so I really appreciate a place that does it right.   The prices are reasonable for a neighborhood joint and the quality is outstanding.  The half-roasted chicken is a must have and the ribs are a no-brainer (Houston's anyone?).  Just about everything on the menu is worth a try.  Give it a go, you won't be disappointed.
3	Asked for a med rare burger and i got a med well. Service was okay we got asked how our food was before we started eating or I would have brought it to our waitresses attention. Next time we saw our server was only to pay the bill. Still love this place though.
3	Came for a birthday get together.  The waitress was really nice.The set up of the place is odd though.  They have an area for kids which is right next to the bathrooms and an ATM machine.  Strange to see a "kids" area at a tavern for one thing.  But it was packed with a lot of elementary aged boys and one or two younger girls.  Hoping parents were watching them but the boys were getting pretty rowdy.  The little girl was quietly sitting on a chair with her little toy computer.  Two girls were playing with one girl climbing all over the ATM machine.  You see a lot when you stand in line with two other females with one bathroom stall...The place is crowded so there is valet parking.  We parked across the street at the shopping center and walked over.  Live band on Fridays.
2	Hey Arcadia Tavern, You're so hip and cool that you need to park my car in a spot 20 feet from where I hand you the keys. WRONG.  For some reason there are a few places in Arcadia that force you to valet your car despite being an average place where the food, prices, service, income level of customers, and parking have absolutely no need for it.  This is one of them.Some of you are probably like: THIS DUDES A CHEAPSKATE, HE JUST DOESN'T WANT TO TIP THEM BLAH BLAH.. WRONG AGAIN. I do fit into a subset of people that are ruining the lives of homeless people everywhere (or likely improving them): I don't carry cash.  So now you're going to make me look like a cheap ass because I can't tip the 18 year old in the dirty polo who spent a whole 5 seconds coasting my car from the point where I got out of it to the parking spot 5 meters ahead.  Yeah that's right fuckers, I'm using the metric systems today. Watch what happens.Automatic 1-point deduction for that.  I can park my own car believe it or not.  Now, some places that involve themselves with this moronic practice can get that point back later in the day by pushing my boner across the 50% hardness threshold.  NOT ARCADIA TAVERN.I strolled in around 11am, just tryna cure a hangover with a bloody Mary, and scope this place out a little bit.  I had places to be by Noon so I figured I could get in and out of here with more than enough time. TRIPLE WRONG.First I'm seated, 15 minutes pass, I order, 15 more minutes pass.  (at this point Yaya better be in the back picking tomatoes and distilling mash for this shit, because I could have been out the door hours ago)OH WAIT This waitress is over here with her back to me watching TV.  Apparently she doesn't work for tips.Guess how long it took for the bill to come.  LIGHT YEARS.Tricked you, light years is a distance. One divided by a light year = the distance the valet had to walk to get my car an hour after arriving at this place.Not coming back, place is a dump.
3	Items sampled include:Coffee BarBruschetta - Tomato/Basil/Mozzarella/Balsamic, Warm Spinach/Artichokes/Grated Reggiano, Sliced Granny Smith Apples/Brie/Almond Fig SpreadPulled Pork SlidersJumbo Salted Pretzel with Roasted Pepper Cheese Dipping SauceMargherita Pizza - Roma Tomatoes, Provolone, Tomato Sauce, Fresh BasilArcadia Cookie - Skillet Style Chocolate Chip Cookie, Gooey and Warm with Chocolate Sauce, Vanilla Bean Ice CreamWith a slogan like "It's all good in the hood" I should have known better than to expect too much from Arcadia Tavern, but with a full host of NFL Games on a Sunday afternoon plus a menu of brunch and lunch items that sounded quite good it seemed a good fit - until we arrived to find them still offering coffee (complimentary, with grounds in it, and terrible) plus a copious Bloody Mary Bar...but no breakfast or brunch foods.  We also found them offering service, in our case from a woman named Deanna that was far from ideal as items were forgotten or delivered to the wrong table while water refills were non-existent.Loud and boisterous, particularly the large group of Steelers fans in the other half of the restaurant, I actually enjoyed the setting at Arcadia while the food, mostly, was competent with the pizza falling flat due to a flavorless crust and underwhelming cheese while the trio of bruschetta were simple but well prepared with good ingredients on crisp yet toothsome bread.  Moving on to better things, the pulled pork was actually a highlight; meltingly tender on buttery little rolls and spiced without being spicy.  Equally good, the pretzel was golden, buttery, and plenty to share (without the ridiculous upcharge for cheese like the average pretzel at Brat Haus) while the dessert cookie was exactly what you'd expect - still scalding hot in the skillet and crispy atop with a near-pudding consistency within, the flavors buttery and tinged with cinnamon plus a lot of semi-sweet chocolate chips - a great comfort food classic, though the ice cream was mere carton quality and did the dish no favors.  Better than BW3s, for sure, and actually pretty good by sports bar standards I'd consider going back, though I'd love to know when the nebulous breakfast/brunch ends since no one on the phone could tell me (I hear 12:00 from some, 2:00 from others, though we arrived at 11:50) and I'd skip the coffee - and pray for better service.
3	I enjoyed Arcadia Tavern.  It had some strong points and some weak.  But overall good and I would give them another chance especially if they were in my neighborhood.Strong - Family friendly atmosphere for sure.  Picnic bench seating and an entertainment area for the kids.- Good food selection for a tavern- Friendly hosts, valets and wait staff- Excellent bus boy (server?) saw a little disappointment cross my face, asked me what it was and fixed itWeak- very, very poor value for the money, we did have 1 dessert but I don't think I've ever spent $100 for lunch with my wife and 3 small children.  Maybe if my burger had come with more than 5 onion rings at an additional $2 fee, I would have felt there was more value.- there was a sign up in the restaurant saying there were specials all day and even included that day's date, but our waitress new nothing about it.  She said she'd ask about it, but never brought it up again and by the end of the meal we had to run out- no email address on website for me to send my comments in privately
3	The food was pretty good for a bar, and the happy hour was decent. However, I was very irritated with the wait staff. Our particular server was attentive and prompt, but there were so many employees that seemed useless. During happy hour you would expect everyone to pull their own weight, but I noticed countless employees standing around like the world owes them something. I suppose I could have given at least four stars had I seen a sense of urgency with the lazy employees, who I'm guessing, based on their work ethic, voted for Obama.
5	One of the best cheeseburgers i've ever had.
4	Did Arcadia Tavern for lunch and discovered a fantastic spot!Sports bar meets Applebees.The burgers are definitely worth the trip!Complementary valet, mouth watering menu, and great genuine service,Love this chill spot, I'm a new fan! :)
5	I really like it here, and this is why: 1). If I am asked to watch sports with a friend or my boyfriend, I'd prefer to do it in an atmosphere that is well-maintained, well-staffed with friendly and professional employees, has ample flat screens with a selection of games on, and includes a veggie burger (albeit not the best in town) on the menu.2). This is both a family-friendly place and an establishment that is fun for a couple of hours if I'd rather just go out with my boyfriend or a friend for a drink or two. There aren't all that many places in the Arcadia area that share this quality. Yay.  :-D
5	I was recommended this place, and reluctantly stopped by. Knowing I have never been a fan of sports bars, I was a bit hesitant to try this place out. However, I was pleasantly surprised. The grilled vegetable salad was amazing. The drinks were fairly strong, yet not over powering. Everything was great. The only thing I could not stand was the music. But, that didn't detract from the experience. I'm just not a fan of country music. I will return. To add; the service was great. Our server, Sunny was very nice and attentive.
3	I had a Living Social deal for Arcadia Tavern, so I was excited to try it out.They were busy when we arrived, but took off one of the reserved signs for us to sit down, which was nice.  The waitress was very nice, beer came in an icy cold glass, and they had complimentary valet parking.  We ordered the chicken nachos as an app and French dip with fries.  The nachos were great, I couldn't stop eating them.  The sandwich wasn't as good, it had way to much salt.  I've heard great things about this place so I'm going to come back again for sure.
3	Assuming that you have the patience to deal with their insane parking lot this is one of the better watering holes in the neighborhood.  Nothing more then above average bar standards but a great environment to relax with the old pals.
3	It's always just average. Good not great.
5	Was busy and parking is tight but the valet is free. I sat in the bar although the other side has booths and a game station for kids I like the multiple tv bar front. I had the half chicken and will be back for sure. The accommodated my special menu requests without hesitation. The bartenders Scott and Lauren were awesome. Food was fast.
5	I love this place! I'm actually a regular here. Often, friends and myself stop in after an evening workout at the gym. Great Happy Hour menu. The Buffalo Chicken Sliders and Spinach & Artichoke Dip are my faves. If you're all about Burgers, I highly recommend this place. Cheers***
3	Had a Living Social coupon for Arcadia Tavern and anxious to try it out. The place was packed - of course it was a Friday after work so this was to be expected. After about 20 minutes, we were seated and the waitress came by and asked if we wanted our drinks refreshed (well, yes!!) Both the wine and the whiskey were generous pours [smile]. What we didn't realize was that Arcadia Tavern is basically a sports bar kicked up a notch or two. Not that that's bad - just was a surprise.The food isn't your basic sports bar food either. That too, has been kicked up a couple of notches - no jalapeno poppers or potato skins on the menu!!! Yea! I asked the waitress what type of bread/roll the chicken caprese sandwich came on and was told it was an "artisian" roll. Guess my interpretation of that is different as it seemed like a plain white hamburger bun to me. In any event, the sandwich was good and the chicken was moist. The Phoenix Philly was very good - great flavor and just the right amount of heat. The waitress was pretty much MIA - brought our food - sped by once, and then again to drop off the bill. The place was LOUD - crazy LOUD! Our table was right by the door and it was obvious that a number of the people coming in knew some of the other patrons - obviously a lot of regulars. There is an outside seating area - in nice weather it might be nice, but we noticed there was a city bus stop right out front - not so sure I'd want to side outside with all the car fumes and city bus fumes, too.Good food, decent prices, generous pours on the drinks, LOUD atmosphere (did I mention that already??), energetic vibe. I think we'll try it again - and when you check in on Yelp - you get a coupon for $5 off your bill!!!
5	My husband and I LOVE the Arcadia Tavern!  Great food, staff and atmosphere!
4	Arcadia club sandwich with pretzel bun - yummy! Prime rob is super good. I'm a tater tot lover and theirs are great and u can get reg or sweet.
2	The food deserves 4 stars, but experience deserves 1 star. We went because I had living social deal and won't go back. We went on a Friday night at 7 and was glad that there was an open table. We had the pita & hummus and split the rocky point burger, both were delicious. I gave them 2 stars because of the atmosphere. I understand it's a sports bar and can be loud, but one of the servers was in on her day off I'm assuming and brought your small child in..fine...but we could have done without the yelling and high pitched screaming/baby talk. They acted like no one else was there and several tables seemed annoyed with it. It definitely ruined our experience and am surprised management allowed it to go on as long as it did. At one point they were so loud, all of the tables looked over. I would think you would behave a little more maturely at your place of employment but guess I'm wrong. We had to listen to it the ENTIRE meal. Even thinking about it now is making me angry, real mature!
1	Although I wrote a pretty good review in 2011, this place has gotten progressively worse.  The ownership certainly has no interest in anything but profits.  The slow service has gotten slower; the food quality has been deteriorating for over a year; prices have been going up ($16 for fish tacos?); and now if you choose a healthy alternative to their French fries, like coleslaw, fruit, or a side salad (no extra charge at 99% of restaurants), they whack you an extra $2.  This place, which started out as one of my favorites, is about as customer and health unfriendly as you will find in this area.
4	I was a little nervous reading the reviews about kids in bars which is not okay and not like one Yelper wrote, "innovative" by the owners. Hire a babysitter if you want to go out to a bar. A non supervised play area in a bar is frightening concept to this teacher.  However, it was my BFF's birthday and this is where we were going so I bit the bullet.  I was pleasantly surprised. There were no kids there on a Saturday at 8pm. I was thrilled about how much fun we all had. One of the owners/investors hung out and joked around with us for a little while, and the service was great! The place is more like a "U" shaped restaurant then a bar, and looked to have a pretty patio although I never made it out there. We loved the band that was playing. ( "The Real Thing." Boy, those gals can sing. Check em out)  We even made our own dance floor and danced the night away, The food was yet another surprise. It was good for bar food. The pretzel was amazing! Soft and fluffy with some type of cheesy/hummus/artichoke/whatever sauce that 8 gals had a different opinion on what was in it but all agreed was Super Delish! We also had the Tater Tots, ( Crunchy and flavorful) Teriyaki Wings,( YUM) and a Hummus Duo dish. ( It was "Okay" for Ms. Picky on the Hummus here) The drinks were drinks, I mean how do you review alcohol? lol Just kidding, I had a "Dragons Bite" which is like a fruit type tasting drink. I tasted the "Cesar Tangerine" too. They also have a few ice tea options for the DDs and Teetotalers.There were a few negatives deducting a star. The valet closed at 9pm. We did not get that at all. The bar died down at around 10:30 pm which is way too early even for AZ Standards forcing us to head next door to JT's for two hours. This is another factor that cements it in my mind they are more like a restaurant, not a bar. They forgot my Yelp check in credit on the final bill, they advertised a special on their website that they did not honor ( a business should always honor these things)  and the back bathroom by the Kiddieland had an issue with the door closing. This might make for an awkward scene for sure if a child or other drunk patron walked in on you.("Onsie" stall and the Main door leading to the eating area does not close right. ArcadiaTavern, you need to fix that) So, if you want a restaurant atmosphere with sports on the TV's, yummy food, and music, this place is great. If you want a bar atmosphere, maybe not so much. I myself really liked it for what it was. Thank you AT for the fun. You just need to lose the kids area please, Okay?
4	Pleasantly surprised!  Had a horrible experience at OHSO across the street so we were very happy when we had a great experience here.  Service was wonderful, many drink selections, clean atmosphere, good music.  Will definitely be returning!
5	I love Arcadia Tavern!  I'm a huge sports fan and my husband and I organize local fans for an out of state team.  We've been looking for the perfect place for 3 years now.  Our group is loud (VERY loud) and there are a few families who enjoy bringing their children.  We "interviewed" Tracy (Director of Operations) to see if this could be the place for us.  The past two places didn't work out.  Both places had poor customer service, one of them acted like we were a burden, even though our group spends quite a bit of money every Saturday.  We were very discouraged about finding a new "home." But Tracy was very professional and even excited about the upcoming season with our group.  For the first time, we were working with a manager who realized that if our group is happy then they will keep coming in, keep spending money and everybody wins!  Is our group happy, you ask?  Heck yes!  Everybody loves it there!  The servers are always smiling and the food (& the selection) is fabulous!  Tracy remains enthusiastic and helpful in making our events successful.  The kids play together in their own little area that is still close enough for their parents to see.  We were definitely lucky that we went to see Tracy when we did.  The space was still available for us and it worked out perfectly.Some of us stay after our group leaves and the servers are still smiling.  Amazing
5	Was here for a UYE week 3 football.  Came to watch the Sunday morning game and the viewing was very good.  To start, their parking lot is full and they have complimentary valet...just let them park...why waste time.  Next, when you walk through the door, to the left is a little table with coffee, cream, and some delicious flavorings to boot.  They have all their TVs tagged with the game so you know exactly where to sit.  The day was beautiful as was their outside patio.  They had a good selection for breakfast with the essentials...bacon, eggs, sausage,pancakes, etc..  I had the biscuits and gravy..I found it to perfect.  I saw some of their lunch menu being served and it all looked great.  I ordered a bloody beer and a couple more as the game progressed.  The whole staff is very friendly and on top of things.  I was very pleased to have been introduced to this place and will be back in the near future..perhaps another Sunday game day.
5	Just moved from NYC and was looking for a great place to watch a little college football and european soccer.  This place killed it!  Servers were attentive and quick.  The breakfast at 9am was just as good as the lunch at 12.  Thank you for making me feel at home.
5	Was lucky enough to come here to grab a late lunch with my husband yesterday. The food was great - a good variety of bar food, and it may seem silly, but I was very excited to have the option of tater tots as my side. My wrap was delicious, and my husband had a sandwich on a pretzel roll that looked and tasted fantastic. This definitely looks like a great place for a group of friends to come and have a good meal to watch the game. The booths were large and comfy. I can't wait to try more from their menu!
4	Absolutely love this bar, great for sports and entertainment. FOOD IS AMAZING. prices are fair.only reason it isn't a 5 star is because the service Iv had so far Is below average. in a 2 hour sitting period my server came to my table 2 times. once to get initial order, I asked for a menu and she never returned. I had to grab a menu from the front and she forgot to input my order when she did return so she gave me my meal for free for the wait. Had to go to bar to re fill my beer. If I return and I receive better service I will change this 4 star to a 5!
3	Good place to watch football.....love the Ohio State flag and everything.  We'll come back now that we know not to expect amazing service.  Asked for waters with our beers, never got them.  Got the bruschetta ( which was pretty solid), but no plates.  Asked for plates, never got them so had to find some on another table.  Asked for another beer, never got it.  Everyone was drunk.  Which is fine, we had a few beers too, but it was Sunday at 1pm......So anyway, the menu looks promising so I'm sure we'll come back at some point.  Just not anytime soon.
4	I have been to this place a few times now and I have enjoyed myself every time. My fiance hosts a football UYE so we usually sit on the patio to enjoy the morning breeze. I love breakfast so I looked the breakfast menu over and chose the mass confusion. I gave them 4 stars because last time I went, I was charged for the complimentary coffee bar. We did get it taken care of but to have the server tell us it wasn't free and not even check is not good in my book. Usually the staff is phenomenal and try to make it the best experience for you.So... I get the mass confusion, which was literally 4 inches off the plate. It was biscuits covered in gravy, tater tots and eggs. It was amazing!!! I was only able to eat a quarter of it but took the rest home to snack on the next day or so. I felt a little embarrassed at first but the next time I went back, people were ordering it all around me. I wanted to order it for a second time but decided to get the blueberry pancakes. Just as good!
3	Our waitress was so slow! Food was just whatever. But people don't come here for amazing food or service...they come to catch game on a gazillion tv's lined back-to-back and side-to-side throughout the restaurant, bar, patio. For that, it works pretty well. They need a bigger bathroom for a place this size though.
4	Love that they are a Saints bar. Come here to watch the saints games on sundays. The wings and ice cream desserts are amazing. Free valet parking is also a plus. Only had one bad experience here where my waitress kept forgetting only my drink out of everyones at the table. Oh well she ended up comping me 3 beers. It was a win win situation I guess. Other than that. Great sports place.
5	This place rocks!! Tater tots with tartar sauce, not kidding, unbelievable!! Spinach and artichoke dip a must. Great food, good happy hour and all the staff is nice and beautiful...That's right, I said it!
3	The food is fine and it is a great place for families. I'm only giving it 3 stars because it seems every dish is just $2 to $3 too much. $12 for a wrap seems pricey for what you get. And while it was good - it wasn't great. Any side other than fries is an additional $2. I had fruit salad which was basically two halves of a frozen orange and a grape.  Parking is pain. they offer valet. But, it's annoying to watch the valets park in the few available spots even though they have a parking agreement across the street. Leave the few available spots for self parking customers. Especially when the line to valet is out on Indian School. I can't get my child out of his car seat fast enough for that.
3	I like to head here for U of Arizona events.  They do a great job accommodating and consolidating us on the patio.  However, the last few times I've been there the patio area is ridiculously understaffed.  At the last event I waited 45 minutes to order a tap beer!!!  I really wish management did a better job keeping tabs on U of A watch party events.  (fix this and I'll give you 2 more stars!!)Anyway, the bar food here is great.  There's a large selection of salads, soups, and appetizers.  Happy hour is a great deal full of food and drink options.  I love that this Arcadia Tavern offers complementary valet parking due to restricted space.  Remember to tip your valet!!!!!
5	This is a really well done neighborhood tavern. The blend of family side versus bar side works really well. Tons of TVs to see the games. Menu has a great mix of really good dishes, far better than most taverns or pubs. Staff is very friendly, and the kids jerseys "retired" to the rafters are awesome.
5	I am happy that they carry the Pac 12 network!
5	My favorite neighborhood sports bar. Great for college football games. Ask for Adam at the bar - he is the best!
4	A great place to either grab a beer and/or enjoy some comfort food. The set up is a little awkward; when you walk in the dining area and kids play area(?) with video games is on the left and the bar and patio are to the right so choose accordingly. It has a long bar with big tvs and all the standard beers. The burgers are really good--"juicey lucy" style with cheese on the inside of the burger-- and they serve tater tots as sides.
4	This is a great neighborhood bar for a later happy hour, which goes until 7pm during weekdays.  Expect typical bar food like chicken fingers, nachos, and mozzarella sticks. The portion sizes are generous for the price. Even the half-size nachos are  enough for two people to share. Try the prickly pear margarita. It's a tad sweet for a margarita, but it's a massive drink well worth the $6.50. One thing to note, this place is very family friendly. There is a back section with lots of toys and a wii for kids to play with. The bar/patio area where happy hour is served feels like a different place entirely. My friends and I, all childless 20-something's, were surprised to stumble upon so many kids while we made our way to the bathroom, while I can only assume young families wouldn't be too pleased with the loud music at the bar. I imagine not many sports bars can cater to these two very different crowds, but Arcadia Tavern does it well.
4	A great, great place to have a ball whilst watching (and participating in) some GOLDFISH racing...That's right, I was here on a Thursday night with a pretty big group of peeps (about 8) just hanging out grabing some brews, when we hear..Goldfish racing.  Immediately intrigued, we went over to get the scoop.GoldFish Scoop:Pick a fish, name the fish, get a straw to blow bubbles at your fish. That's it...you blow bubbles to "inspire" your fish and race away.  They have good drinks and most people are around the age of post grads and it has a good vibe to it.  It's awesome and I'm joining in the fun again, and again...
4	I finally got a chance to checkout Arcadia Tavern for the young UofA alumni association viewing party.  I had a great time.  We got a table out on the patio on a great night and had a good view of the game from the TV outside.  Also, they had happy hour prices on drinks all night, so $3.50 for a pint of Four Peaks Hop Knot.  How would I dare to give this place under 4 stars.lol.We ended up ordering some of the food too, buffalo chicken sliders and the buffalo chicken pizza.  Both hit the spot and were a great compliment to beer and UofA basketball!The bar is cool, nice open garage doors, perfect on a good day or night.  Nice view of Camelback from the patio, lots of TVs on the patio, bar and inside the restaurant.  Also a cool play area with Xbox in the corner of the bar.  Kinda cool if you ask me.My only complaint, there were small bathrooms.  Just one male and one female bathroom.  Also, I wish they could have turned up the volume of the game to the patio.  It was tough to hear the game, but I would bet there are some noise ordinances they have to follow seeing it's close houses.Overall, a solid sports bar. I will come back for big games, this time I'll be more picky on where I sit so I can hear the game better!
3	Came here for brunch before a Cardinals' game. Food was good and drinks very generous. Love that they have the bus to the games. Very nice that everyone could enjoy their time and nobody had to worry about driving.
5	I've been to Arcadia Tavern on many occasions for lunch and once for dinner and have yet to have a bad experience. My dinner visit was on a Friday night, so the place was packed and it took a while to get our food, but having been in the food and beverage business in a past life, I know how that goes.I've tried 5 or 6 different menu items and they have all been tasty, cooked properly and presented attractively. The staff has always been attentive and friendly, and if I'm being honest, there's also some really attractive women working here! :)The only thing that kinda sucks is the parking. There aren't many spaces and a good percentage of the spots are always reserved for the valet. Having said that, valet has always been free, except for the tip. If there's no parking, a few bucks to valet your car 12 feet from the front door ain't so bad.Recommended!
4	Late night happy hour pricing is great! Other then that a normal BIG sports bar. big out door patio for summer seating. Would be great for a birthday party or big gathering.
4	As a die hard saints fan and New Orleans native, you will not find a better place to watch the Saints games in Arizona. This seems to be the meet-up place for saints fans throughout Phoenix. During the big games, they even have a DJ with all the who dat songs. Granted they don't serve food like you would get in NOLA but they may be a good thing health wise....they offer some healthy alternative to bar food such as veggies and hummus. The food is good, but the atmosphere is GREAT.
4	Great place to sit at the bar and enjoy some tasty food and a beer while watching a Suns game.  Great atmosphere, super friendly servers as well as patrons and good food.  I tried the sliders and the hummus - both were delicious!  The only negative about this place is the valet...feels weird to valet your car at a sports bar.
4	I had one beer here and a few of my friends tater tots. No complaints and the server was nice.
3	Been to other "tavern" like sports bars and this one is just ok. Kinda pricey for the quality. They had a good choice of beers though. I would prefer the lodge, tavern on mill, or OHSO over this place. Service was moderate.Oh the valet said it was an hour wait, which we decided to stay anyways. Luckily it was a five minute wait. Wonder how much business they steered away?
1	Went here for a couple beers a dinner before heading to a show -- absolutely terrible service. We walked in and decided to grab a table on the patio, where we sat unacknowledged for a good 10 minutes. Well actually that's not quite accurate -- we were given the "stink eye" by a server because apparently we committed the unforgivable sin of seating ourselves. The horror! (By the way there was no hostess nor a hostess area when we entered). When we finally received service, it was beyond slow and barely competent. We had bottled beer and when we asked for glasses, we got the "sure, I'll be right back" then sat & waited...and waited.... Then when my boyfriend approached the bartender for said glasses, he received an eye roll for his trouble. At that point we contacted the others in our party who were meeting us there that we were heading over to OHSO instead. This was my first time at Arcadia Tavern and my last.
3	Noisy!  Weekday lunch, by myself.  I regretted choosing to sit at the bar.  A group of guys, obviously regulars, were partying hard at lunchtime, and obviously didn't  care that they weren't the only ones in the place.Lunch?  A reuben unlike any other (white bread?) but a fine sandwich nonetheless and good onion rings.Then I became invisible.  After finishing, I got to watch the bartender work for twelve minutes, including teasing the guys at the bar, while I waited for my check.  Finally, I was able to wave her down and escape.Return?  No, but they've obviously got a good business going, so they won't care.I must add for some reason she bought my beer, thus, three stars instead of two.
4	I'm definitely not giving this place a 4 because of food-- it's like bar food at every other bar in the city-- so it's not that it's bad, it's just not very unique. I had a grilled cheese with bacon and fries and they use more than one cheese which is excellent.What they do get a 4 for are the awesome servers who are totally on it, the happy hour prices and thursday night goldfish racing!Turtle Racing is a big thing in LA, but I had never heard of goldfish racing and it was such a blast! I highly recommend for a night of entertainment.
1	I just download yelp just to let it be known I heard good things about this place.Drinks good for a good priceHowever I got a few apps that i had with family I was pretty "iffy" about the wings looked dry and old that have been sitting way to long, I mean I get it they had a special that day for wings 1lb of hen for 6 bucks, but what I am really paying for is the fact I got food poisoning and now on the toilet every 10 min so just wanted to say thanks for that
3	Arcadia Tavern has a fun atmosphere with pretty average bar food and terrible parking. It's yet another Phoenix restaurant/bar where they try to force you into using valet even though they have an extremely tiny parking lot. There are some spots over by the dry cleaner that aren't valet, so don't be fooled.
1	Totally bad service!  We are regulars...  and never had bad service.  Tonight was bad waitress checked on us once.... People arrived after before us and got their drinks before us.  We had ask the bus boy to flag our waitress down.  Grrrr!!!Maybe next will be better!  We shall see???
3	Stopped here after coworker raved about it. I was dying to try their grilled wings. We sat at the bar, which is usually the best service. Unfortunately the bartender was busy with a certain patron and had little time for us. The wings were good, I'd give them a 8/10, But they only serve the drumstick half of the wing.  Some people would call this a plus as you get so much more meat but many of us enjoy the tips....One of my friends got a Tavern burger which was the largest sandwich I've seen. they said it was good, despite the mess. I have posted a pic of my wings. They do have a decent happy hour and the prices are good. Games on all around, lots of sports memorabilia on the walls.
4	first stop on a San Tan brewery sponsored bike pub ride. despite being packed to the hilt, the servers at the bar (only 2 of them), kept the imbibements coming. a quick gander at their drink menu and they have specials every day of the week. for today, sunday, they had 4 dollar margaritas. i had one and it was actually heavy on the alcohol. the bartender did an excellent pour and it wasn't even a mix! they have a pretty extensive food menu as well.
4	My husband was surprised that I wanted to go here for dinner because I don't typically eat at bars (although I do enjoy drinking at them).  But my interest was piqued by their self-reference as "family friendly."  I don't associate a tavern as a family destination, but those with the most kids sometimes need to drink the most.  We played it safe though and left our rugrats with grandpa.  Arcadia Tavern was true to their word - in addition to a kids menu, kids eat free on Mondays. And, in the back, there is a whole area designated to kids...with a television, video game console, activity table and play kitchen.  There were a lot of young kids there, all were well behaved, and happily eating and/or smearing ketchup on their face.That makes this place 1% mall play area.My water glass came adorned with a cucumber.  I love having cucumbers in my water. That makes this place 1% spa.The menu provides everything you would expect from a tavern...wings, burgers, french fries, sliders... but there were also some non-expected items, like numerous fresh salads.  They even had a grilled vegetable salad - that makes this place 1% farmers market.I ordered the steak salad, which came on a huge bed of spinach, big chunks of well-seasoned steak, and marinated mushrooms.  My husband took the more manly approach and ordered some burger, covered in bacon,  covered in cheese. They also had thin-crust pizzas, bruschetta, and sliced ahi tuna.  At the end of the day though, it's still 97% a bar...but its pretty good bar food.If you check in on Yelp, you get a $5 off coupon. However, you cannot use this coupon in conjunction with a Groupon, or the Kids Eat Free Monday.  I don't care for that policy, but if you don't have a Groupon or kids, then it works.
4	As a new arrival to Phoenix from Miami, I needed to quickly find somewhere to cheer the Heat on to inevitable victory, as much as Pop and the Spurs are appealing underdogs.Arcadia was the second place the wife and I tried, Zipps being the first. It's a pleasant, casual, sports bar with a little less emphasis on the Sports than Zipps and a little more emphasis on restaurant than bar. We seemed like the only people there for the game, everyone else was there for food. There's no sound on during the game, which for an avid sports fan may be disappointing, but is probably nice for everyone else. There's a cool little area stocked with toys for kids, in case you're a kid or have them.The food is obviously why people come. A long list of big, juicy, gourmet burgers will present you, the famished patron, with a gastronomical quandary. The solution is to order the Spinach and Artichoke Dip to allow another few minutes of salivated staring at the menu. The Spinach and Artichoke Dip is pretty good, as spinach and artichoke dips tend to be.There is also a suckier quandary to be found here. The short list of light, tepid beers on draft is a little disappointing. I'm not going to complain too much, but there's plenty of room for improvement on the beer list. All in all Arcadia is a fun little restaurant for the casual sports fan.
4	Fun sports bar! My husband and I stopped by with a groupon for the first time. The build-your-own-burger was great! A lot of options at a decent price.The spinach-artichoke dip was DELISH! As well as the soft pretzel, seriously the best pretzel I've ever had!We especially love that they are open late!Also be prepared for limited parking/valet!Drove past on a friday night and that place was alive! We weren't in the mood for loud DJ/group of people, but if we were, it would be a fun place to be!
1	Where do I start?  The awkward entryway and therefore entrance and seating portion of dinner??We get seated at one of the high tops near the door, and then NOTHING for about 15 min.  We see another couple walk up and grab a couple menus for themselves.  Then a waitress comes and asks us what we'd like to drink - 2 waters.  But we were actually ready to order... should've grabbed the opportunity but we thought we'd see her more often now that we officially had a waitress.She drops off the waters and before the glass hits the table she's turned away and walking.  We don't see her for another 15 min.  We were debating whether we should just leave when she comes to see if we're ready to order with a halfhearted apology about being hung up somewhere out there.  Whatever.We actually get our food shortly after that, the wait was way shorter than getting them the order in the first place.  We got the grilled wings for an extra dollar which we thought would be healthier, but turns out they both fry and grill them so now you get charred and extra dry wings.  Goody.  The burger was decent, except they had pockets of super seasoned meat throughout.  So disappointing!  The fries were actually decent but I won't be going back for fries.  Sorry.
5	Just moved to Phoenix and was looking for a good local spot. I ran across this place and have been a regular ever since, the food is amazing and the friendliness of staff is excellent! If you live near this area and haven't been you're missing out! Also the happy hours are great!
4	Me and my friends have been going here for years~ I have to give a big shout out to Adam, one of the best employees the Tavern could have! We appreciate all you do to make our happy hour even better and thank you for looking out for us ole girls! You are the best!
1	My boyfriend, his father, and I visited this restaurant for the first time on Father's Day. Surprisingly, they were not packed and had open tables. They also offered free signature burgers to all the dads. Our waitress was kind in the beginning, although she didn't tell us about the drink specials, but after taking our order we never saw her again. This was especially odd considering I had ordered a margarita, and was likely to order another had I been prompted, but I guess that's her loss. Another individual expedited the food, and she had a horrible attitude. We watched her drop an entire tray of food on a table, and she tried giving us food that wasn't our THREE different times. It seems important that someone with the sole job of expediting food learn to read the table numbers on the tickets. She also had long flowing hair that brushed the plates and really grossed me out. PUT YOUR HAIR UP! Anyways, we had ordered mozzarella sticks as an appetizer and it took 30 minutes to finally arrive at our table, and they were stone cold. We sent them back and didn't have a problem removing them from the bill, fortunately. The food was mediocre. Not too special of a burger for what they charge, and definitely nothing so appetizing to make me want to return. I was primarily disappointed with the lack of attention we received and the wait time on our food, granted this place wasn't even packed. It was also a buzz kill to be approached by staff with such a poor attitude on day we were trying to celebrate with dad. I don't recommend this restaurant to anyone.
4	I come here for sporting events all the time. Arizona alumni club is here. The atmosphere is wonderful and food is good. I'm sad it's closing.
5	Bloody Mary's are awesome..service was great , roasted chicken very nice...
4	The roasted half chicken was absolutely amazing. It has the best rub on it and is cooked just right! The only problem last night was, three of us from the group ordered it and they ran out of mashed potatoes! :(:(:( This is an obvious bummer as we were all looking forward to that side of potatoes, but they did offer us another side instead. The waitress was okay, but she definitely brought one of our buddies the wrong beer. Since they come opened by the bartender, he didn't bother asking for the correct beer. All in all, they have GREAT food. I definitely recommend it!
3	We went for dinner/happy hour after work on a Friday. Parking was a nightmare because the parking lot is tiny and they make you valet, but we went and parked at the Safeway parking lot and just walked over.When we got closer, there was music blasting and the reason why was there was a band out on the patio. It. Was. LOUD.When we got in, they said there was a15-25 minute wait, OR we could sit outside on the patio and have our eardrums blown out. We waited.We got a table after 25-30 minutes and it took a bit for our server to come by, but we had enough time to figure out what we wanted to so by the time she did come by we were ready to go. Our food was very good (burgers and tater tots), however we felt it was a bit pricy. We got a Groupon for $10 for $20, but when we got the bill plus what we paid for the groupon it was still $32 with tax and my fiance only got 1 beer, meaning it would have been $40-$50 normally for 2 burgers with sides and 1 beer.They even had a kids play section with Wii games and toys which was nice to see (even though we don't have any kids).Our experience was pretty good overall and we may come back in the future...maybe.
2	Had a Groupon so we ventured a little further than usual. Very crowded, vibrant bar scene with lots of TV's all around. Typical bar menu. Burger with sweet potato tots were good, the pretzel was a little too greasy. Good selection of beers. Before we left I went to the one person at a time restrooms, for a bar it may not be the best idea but when I walked in i quickly walked out. It was filthy! Afraid what the kitchen may look like!
3	Nice looking restaurant/bar on the inside.  Lost a star for the parking.  What a nightmare!  During the day, they convert all the spots in front of the restaurant to comp valet only, but u still should tip the driver right?  So basically you pay to park.  Lost another star for the prices.  Ridiculously high prices, wasn't even worth it WITH the groupon.  Had the $12 classic burger, no bacon or egg, just the usu lettuce cheese tomato, pickle n onion.  Plus the 10 wings for $11.  All  menu items were waaay too pricey for a sports bar.  Lots of tv's on the wall, one for each booth.  Service was great.  I had Pablo.  Rob the house chef threw down some delish eats.  Will never go back as there are tons of better, closer spots closeby.  I've had better burgers at smash, habit, and in n out.
1	we went for dinner last night 7-15-14 with our Groupon. First time and last time visit. The waitress took forever to acknowledge us, and when she took the order, it came out wrong. We asked the food runner to get the missing itmes and he disappeared never to bring them. When the waitress came by we informed her that the order was wrong, and she said to my friend that she heard him order what was on the plate, but said she would fix it. About 15 minutes later the missing items arrived after we had finished everything else. I asked to substitute tots and asparagus for the beans and rice, and was told it was ok, but when I got the bill I was charged for both. My soda was never refilled, and my friends wine was refilled once toward the end of the meal. As for the food, it was ok, but sure not worth the wait or hassle. We will not be returning. I suggest trying somewhere else where they seem to care about the customer.
1	Absolutely disgusted by the rude hostess with long brown hair working last night. The 15 seconds of interaction with her was the worst 15 seconds of my life. This is how it went:I walked in alone as my friend was a few steps behind me outside. Hostess says "booth or table?". No "hi" or "welcome" whatsoever. I said "Booth. I have 2 but I'm just waiting for one other" and pointed to him right outside the window. Hostess rolls her eyes, throws down the menus, and walks to the table closest to her door to molest and kiss her boyfriend (who is drinking). My friend walks in 3 second later. We wait for a good 30 seconds while she continues to make out with her boyfriend, then she grabs the menus and walks to us to the booth. Unfortunately our booth was in direct view of the table where her boyfriend was sitting so we were forced to watch the show throughout our whole meal. Give that job to someone else who needs it.
4	This is a very nice clean, family friendly sports bar. The food is fresh. I had the all American burger from their happy hour menu. I like my burgers medium rare, which is really hard to get right, but it is one way I judge the cooking staff. I emphasized the importance of my burger being bright red yet warm in the inside to our server. By the way the servers are very friendly and attentive. My burger comes and I cut in half; MAJOR FAIL. It was medium. My server insisted I not accept it and allow her to take it back. She returned with a new burger and it was done right.
1	We've been here twice and have consistently had terrible service. No stars for the awkward entrance (no hostess or hostess stand). The first time we came here was on a weekday night. Food was OK, service was very slow even though it was nearly empty, and my credit card was charged twice. I had to come back another time with my receipt to get it cleared with the manager. The second time we went was on a Saturday night with some friends and while our waitress seemed to be trying her best, she was clearly handling too many tables at once. The beer was not cold when it finally arrived and it took us another 30 mins for the waitress to come around and ask if we wanted food. The food was okay but then it took nearly 30 mins between asking for our checks and getting our receipts/change. There were many busboys walking around, but it was near impossible to get a hold of our waitress. Before we paid, she apologized that it was a crazy night because they were doing renovations soon and would be temporarily closed. I don't think it was necessarily her fault, but management should consider how many patrons they can handle with the staff they have. The food is decent and it's in a great location, but the service is really lacking. Until they figure it out, I'll be at OHSO across the street.One star for the tator tots which are consistently decent.
2	Arcadia Tavern, I have been enjoying dinner at your place for quite some time.  Over a year I have been coming over to your place, not only for the great atmosphere of being a kid friendly sports bar, but also for those greasy burgers and delicious sweet potato tots.  Seriously, those things are so addictive my family and I count out how many each person gets so everyone has the same amount and there aren't any fights.  Then, as if you cant get any better, you start showing up on localdines.com and groupon.com.  Holy cow, I can come to your place for 1/2 price?  AWSOME!!!But then, you start becoming a crappy host.  The last few months you have screwed up my order nearly every time I go.  Seriously, I write down on a piece of paper what I want on my burger (make it very clear and in pen) and you still mess it up?  I write mushrooms and you don't add them, twice.  My delicious sweet potato tots come out burnt on time, cold another time and without seasoning.  Then you forget to add the cheese to my burger, and it comes out rare when I clearly marked medium/well.  Did I mention you hostesses lately have been awful?  Is the job requirement to be dumb and/or rude, or are you just not training them?But, despite your faults I love you and I am hopeful you are just going thru a phase.  So yesterday 7/29/14 I come back with a group of friends in tow and very hungry.  Groupon in hand and excited to stuff myself with tots.  As I pull into the drive, I realize something is wrong.  VERY WRONG.  Was I there on a day you were closed?  No, I have been here on Tuesday nights before.  Why aren't the valet boys running out to my car to park it in your normally very crowded parking lot?  Then I notice it.... A closed for renovations sign.  WHAT!?!?!  But I have a groupon!  Why are you selling groupons (good until August 19th) when you are closed for renovations?  I was just there about a week ago, why didn't you put up signs that you were going to close temporarily?  Why doesn't your closed for renovations sign tell me when you are re-opening?  did you screw me over via groupon?   Arcadia Tavern, I like you a whole lot and I appreciate you are trying to change things, but I am feeling that you are being a really crappy friend.  Are we going to have to end our relationship?
5	Best wings I've ever had! Tavern style, grilled. The half baked cookie and ice cream is huge and amazing!!
3	I wish I could give this place 3.5 stars instead of just 3 because they have really yummy food but the space gets crowded very fast and it's hard to move about the restaurant. I've had some great times there watching U of A basketball play. Their tater tots are awesome and the staff has always been friendly. If you're going there to watch a big game, I recommend getting there really early and securing a spot.
4	This is a local watering hole, especially if you are a die hard Wildcat. And even if you are not, the locals don't bite and awfully playful on football Sundays. The best seating to me is at the bar where the shenanigans never run short with the regulars. Staff is incredibly friendly and sweet. I am a big fan of their gigantic Bloody Mary and draft beers. My fave items are the ahi tuna salad and sliders. If you're going to watch the games or pretend to, at least order the wings, naked with a side of all the sauces. You'll find right in :)I am looking forward to returning after the remodel is complete and can't wait to enjoy football season at one of my fave local spots.
1	This place offers a Groupon, of which we purchased.  We drove all the way there, to find the door closed.  They are currently undergoing renovations.   Unprofessional in my opinion.  Why offer a groupon when you are currently closed.   It also says on Yelp they are open.      I drove away so frustrated.  Luckily we found this awesome place called "Kitchen 56."   No regrets on this place, great apps and burgers.   DON'T GO TO ARCADIA TAVERN.
1	I hate to write bad reviews, but have to do it based on recent experiences with Arcadia Tavern.  We live within walking distance of the Tavern.  We visit on average 2-3x month, typically more during Arcadia Little League season, after games and practices, as we would typically go with our kids and several other families.  They had a great kids play area on the southwest corner of the restaurant.  The kids area was a driving force for many families with young kids looking for a family friendly restaurant in the Arcadia area.  To comply with ADA regulations ownership needed to add ADA compliant restrooms, which is completely understandable, and the only location available was the kids area - totally get this and respect ownerships position to make this change to be in compliance.  My issue with the restaurant is their extremely negative response to those long standing customers who voiced their opinion about the loss of the kids area.The business website states "Our focus remains on being a neighborhood family friendly establishment and we are working to better improve the overall experience and service for the community we serve."  In a recent Facebook thread, ownership stated that families with kids who cant sit quietly at a table should visit Dave & Busters or Chuck e Cheese, rather than visit the Tavern as it is a "restaurant bar, not a play date."  Point taken and we will gladly take our business elsewhere.  Note that the kids area was a 10 foot x 10 foot area in the back corner of the restaurant.  As the majority of people who sat in this section were families it will be interesting to see the transition into who now sits there.    Bummer, as we really enjoyed going to Arcadia Tavern over the past several years.  With an average bill for our family alone of $60 to $70, multiplied by the 3-4 other families with us, equating to a total turn of $200 to $300 per visit, this equates to a decent amount of revenue over the course of a year (just for our group alone).  Several other families in the neighborhood have stated they will not be visiting the Tavern based on their response.  So sad to see.    Ownership states that a future west side patio extension will likely include an outside play area for kids.  That is good to hear, but unfortunately the majority of family customers will have likely moved on to a different establishment and likely wont give the Tavern a second chance.  Too bad.
2	The owner is a jerk. Kicked my friend out because my friend drank the beer the owner bought for my female friend. Did I mention that the owner is old and my friend is 25?? Such a creep!
1	So disappointed!!!! We had a Groupon because a friend recommended it. Not impressed at all. Service was horrible!!! Food was sub par!!! Not returning!Only reason it got 1 star was I had to give it something.
5	We really enjoyed our experience here. Went in for happy hour and they have great options! The service was fast and effective. The manager stopped by a few times to make sure everything was okay and we always appreciate that! Can't use your check-in discount on happy hour though, which is totally understandable, just a heads up for other yelp users :) We will be back soon for happy hour and football!
1	So disappointed!!!! We had a Groupon because a friend recommended it. Not impressed at all. Service was horrible!!! Food was sub par!!! Not returning!Only reason it got 1 star was I had to give it something.
2	It's never a good sign when you wait 15 minutes for a server to come to you. I was greeted with "What would you like to drink" No hello, welcome, sorry for your wait. Food was nothing to write home about. I had the California chicken sandwich and it was very salty. This was my second time here and I won't return!
1	Wow we were regulars at the old bar but this new place has gone down hill! Went here for Thursday night football and the amazing gold fish racing to find an empty bar. The service sucked. Broken glass cut my lip and had to beg to have her replace it. We were sitting in the patio area and the server cleard our table as we were standing there taking our half full drinks and never came back. This place was so much better run and friendlier.  Who ever is running the place now need to lower the prices or something.  People dont want to pay $9 a beer to have it taken or survived in broken glasses. Try to draw people to your newly reopened bar not have them necer want to come back. My group of friend will gladly go somewhere else.
1	My friend and I wanted to watch the Phoenix Mercury Finals game on 9-12-2014 at Arcadia Tavern.  I called a day ahead and asked if the game would be playing on one of their tv's.  The woman I spoke to recommended that we make reservations so that they would have a table for us.  She confirmed again what game we were interested in seeing so that she could indicate it next to our reservation.   When we arrived for our reservation I double checked with the hostess that the game would be playing.  She said she would let someone know where we were sitting so that they could put the correct channel on the tv near us.  We waited another 10 minutes without the correct channel coming on.  I asked an employee walking by if he could make sure that the tv was going to have the Mercury on.  After that request got us nowhere I asked the waitress.  She said she would tell the manager.  Still no Mercury and by this time the start time of the game had passed.  My friend went to the hostess stand and asked to speak to a manager.  He came out and she told him we were there to watch the Mercury and he said "I just turned it on."  It had been turned on 2 tv's over to our left not even in our line of vision.  She pointed out where we were sitting and he changed it, finally.  We missed the tip off and the first 5 or 6 minutes of the game.  He came over to our table and said "All you had to do is ask."  I told him I asked several people from the moment we walked in the door plus we had a reservation for this specific purpose made by his own employee taking the team name down for us.  He said "Well it's on now" and walked away.  I was shocked to see such terrible customer service.   I will never return.
5	Get the cheese infused crimped  patties hangover burger! You'll thank me later!
1	Good news is that there is awesome competition in this neighborhood for tavern food & brews. Bad news is that this is one of two that we can walk to & become regulars. But it's horrid!Here are our thoughts:1. Don't serve food that you cannot perfect. Seared tuna should not be served brown and cold.2. Try good service and service with a smile. The manager and random walking employees frown and/or are not upbeat with service.3. Prices are too high for an apparent start up. 4. Great options for game viewing with lots of TVs.5. Good sound quality & not deafening volume from the games.6. Nachos looked good.
2	Used to be a pretty good place, but has come apart since the name change. Food has been average, or just flat out cold/bad. Service is chaotic, and the staff seems always overworked or just not that interested in keeping up on service. It's like they expect to make money on the sheer volume for sporting events and don't worry about the rest.I will give them love for their tater tots. A bag of mixed regular and sweet potato tots was one of my favorite things from their previous incarnation and I was thrilled they kept it.
5	Great place!Might be my new favorite hang out spot . Great food- love the rotisserie chicken dinner and the cheese burger sliders. Happy hour prices on food are great. Nice big TVs to watch all games. Service is speedy and friendly. Beer is ice cold and served with a smile.  It gets busy in here! Be prepared for fun crowds! Great vibes- I will be back .. Perhaps this week!
1	My daughter went into this place 3 times to apply for job. Every time the mgr told her to come back. He ended up hiring her however never put her on schedule and gave her the run around. He also hired 2 girls after her who have already started to work.  She was so determined to work there to go back 3 times and to keep calling him every week to see if she was on Schedule. They never even payed her for coming in to till out paper work! I will never eat at this place or tell any of my clients about this place.  So sad to see a company treat someone like that!
1	Somethings are better left unsaid. In this case, all the 1 stars and 2 stars are accurate. Unfortunately.
5	The service here is top notch. The servers have to be the friendliest and most helpful I have experienced in a long time. I wish I lived in Arcadia this place would definitely be my hang out. I have to give a shout out to the Lauren's. They made my first experience here make me want to come back (it's not because of their pretty looks they legitimately have the best attitudes and service that I have experienced in a while) if you get a chance come check this place out.
5	Arizona has some good food!!!  We came here for brunch and they had the soccer games going so I am positive that they play all other sports here.  I can definitely see this place being supper packed place at night and game nights as it was a half house during brunch already!  Food and service was greatttttttttt.  I was  definitely more than pleased.  Writing this review is making me think of the bruschetta  platter... I want some right now!! It is definitely a must try. Super unique and delicious!!
4	Yum yum! I LOVE their BYOB (Build Your Own Burger)! It's not listed on the form, but you can get it with their homemade veggie burger pattie, which is fantastic. Their spicy cottage cheese is awesome too.The staff are always friendly and the restaurant decor and atmosphere is great. If you're into sports (I'm not but I still like the place) they have a gazillion giant flat screen tvs throughout. Trivia night on Tuesday is a lot of fun too.I gave them 4 out of 5 stars because of their cocktails. On two separate occasions I have ordered two different drinks, and both times they were extremely weak and watered down. Don't go for the cocktails. But the beer, food, friendly staff and atmosphere keep me coming back over and over again.
5	We came here after a football game and were treated amazingly!!! Best service EVER!!!
3	This place fell off the map after a small remodel they reduced the portions and raised the prices. I gave it 3 tries all were the same, its just a watering hole at this point. Ok to drink and watch the game but for sure not a place to eat.
2	Tater tots and cheese with pretzel are great. But since the management change and name changes wow has the quality gone downhill. Live in the neighborhood and all this is good for now is a beer and watching football. The food and service just is so disappointing.
2	Apparently this is the place to be on Thursday nights if you are over 50. A large crowd of divorcees trying to appear 20 years younger. The waitresses were dressed in cliche outfits that the masses of dumb old men like. The food was mediocre. My SO had the corned beef and cabbage and thought it was amazing, a generous portion and seasoned just right. I had a buffalo chicken sandwich that was just average. It was dry and tasteless for the most part. The fries served on the side were cold. I was lucky to see my waitress to ask for extra pickles let alone any extra buffalo sauce for my sticky sandwich. More than once a busser and other servers tried to take our plates before we were even finished. We certainly didn't feel rushed. We were over charged for happy hour drinks but it took so long to get our waitresses attention we just wanted to pay and leave. The parking is horrendous and I feel slightly frustrated when you are pretty much required to use "complimentary" valet. Go across the street to OHSO.
4	Great spot for Football Sunday, Bartender was quite generous with the pour. :)) Love the clam chowder & grilled cheese. The Valet service is a must due to limited parking.  I will be back.
4	Not the place to go if you are meeting to discuss business. However if you are a sports buff this place toss most places, lists of sports and big screen tvs. Lots of seating indoor and out.  Lots of clapping and celebrating players.  Food is great and If you're having a birthday party and he's in to football this is the place to go.
3	I'm so sad. All this Hype about their food and I left disappointed. They have lovely waitresses and bar staff. The prices are reasonable. The food seems a little pre-packaged. Okay, so you don't make everything from scratch... Make your high sellers/crowd faves from scratch! I love the location and it is a great place to watch the games but I'll pass on the menu. Allegedly the dessert is amazing. I'll have to make a point to try it next time I'm there cheering on my team.
3	The food is typical bar food but I do have to say that this sports bar is pretty nice. They had an interesting fresh flower bouquet in the bathroom w/a burning pine candle. Nice touch! I also appreciate when a restaurant makes a mistake they compensate for it. Far to many times I have been to a restaurant where they mess up or don't have something and they charge you the same price or don't offer a free beverage or food item for the inconvenience. It was no biggie they were just out 3 of beers that we wanted but they had 3$ cans of good beer all night so they get a pass for that. The reason why I even came here was bcus they have the pac12 network and they are UofA fans so Whoop there it is!
2	Awesome food...horrible service!!  Ordered chips and salsa which we didn't get and waited about 30 minutes to even get someone's attention so we could get our bill.
2	This place used to be so much fun.  Good food.  Good service.  Not anymore.  The local neighborhood feel is gone.  No more "people knowing you name".    This might as well be another link in a chain restaurant.   Food is still pretty good.  Service is beyond terrible.  So sad to see what was a great place just be so-so.
3	Very basic sports bar with an uninspired menu and atmosphere. Great staff members that were very friendly and accommodating. I came to the Arcadia Tavern the other night with a party of six. I was happy that we were able to be seated right away, but we were given a pretty odd table that had an uncomfortable bench for us to sit on. By the end of the meal my back was killing me from the awkwardness of the bench.  I was disappointed to see the selection of beer was pretty limited and expensive for what they had to offer. Fortunately there was a $4 drink special going on Saturday night for a vodka drink or a Dos Equis draft. The Vodka Soda drinks were pretty good, but not nearly as strong as most in town (If you are wondering, I think The Crescent Ballroom has the strongest in town).To order I settled on the Veggie Burger. It was a very good black bean burger that came with a side of fries. I opted to upgrade my side for $2 to try the sweet potato totes. This turned out to be a good call since the fries and regular totes were not very good. The burger itself, although delicious, was cooked at too high of a temperature. There were certain parts of the burger that were charred that I was forced to pick off.
1	This is to inform all patrons of Arcadia Tavern of a situation that has occurred to me while recently visiting on 12/28/2014.  I had just finished watching the Cardinals play when I noticed this Bartender of whom I seen work at another establishment some years back. I asked him if he had worked there , and he immediately looked up a me and rudely insulted me with an ephitet that is completely discriminatory and unexceptable for this time and day for any type of business. The situation became so threatening,  that this employee seemed to reach for a weapon and asked to call 911. I was then asked to leave the premises because they had called the Phoenix Police.  I immediately respected the situation and left Arcadia Tavern.  I decided to call the next day and talk to management about the situation that occurred between this bartender and myself, and they just hung up the phone on me several times.  it then took a few more attempts to get management to talk to me.  Well, after finally talking to one of the management there, I was told that I was not allowed at Arcadia Tavern any longer and that a trespassing charge was filed against me.So, my fellow patrons what I'm informing you here of is to be very cautious of visiting and spending your hard earned money at the Arcadia Tavern. This business really don't care about there long time customers. Please be very  weary of the management here ,and the staff they have in their employ.  This business is extremely wrong and extremely unprofessional that it would be a shame for this to happen to anybody else.Therefore, please be careful visiting the Arcadia Tavern in the future, it's not a good place and it definitely not a community restaurant to spend your money and time with family and friends.Sincerely,TD
