5	Typical Walgreen's that you'd find anywhere else. BUT! Instead of being sorta bent over at the ATM in the front, use your debit card at the counter and they will give you money back with NO service charge.ANDDeep conversation from the cashier about financial institutions and the dumbing of society with sport entertainment without a hint of pretentiousness.
2	I have very rarely used this pharmacy without them screwing something up.  Repeatedly, they have failed to notify me about some kind of hold-up with my prescription until I've arrived to pick it up, resulting in either an extremely long wait or a return trip on my part.  Most memorably, I had to wait for over 30 minutes to fill a pain killer prescription while I had a splitting headache--and the store was quite sparsely populated at the time.
4	A good Walgreens.  Its big, got a pharmacy, its clean.  Very convenient location for many.  :-)
2	I should have checked Cabell's review before using this place.Did they mess up something, like they did for Cabell? Yes! How many times did I have to get transferred to the pharmacy before someone actually picked up the phone? Three! Did they fix it and then call me back after saying they'd call back the same day? No!How many times did I have to get transferred to the pharmacy when I called back after they didn't call? Once! It's now 4 minutes before closing; is there any chance I'll be able to pick up my prescription today? No! After promising to call back for the second time, will they actually call back and fix it so that I can pick up my prescription tomorrow? Maybe!Suspense in movies: good. Suspense in pharmacies: bad.
5	I just love Walgreens. Great deals on great products, This location is really the best one I've been to. It's certainly the most interesting, and it appears to be very well-kept. On a side note, it is in a very beautiful and unique building on the Square, adding to its charm. The people who work here are top-notch, and will go out of their way to make you happy. Their service is just getting better and better since Walgreeens began it's re-branding campaign. Having said that, I am very perplexed and mildly disturbed that every employee, every time, tells me to "Be well". It was cute the first time, and after that, became rather creepy. At the very least, it is concerning because it takes away the clerks' personalities, and forces them to adhere to a strict script, which clearly is not appropriate to say to every person who shops there. :) All things considered, it does make for a hot topic, and for that reason, I give Walgreens points.The only thing this individual store could really work on is either a) having more cashiers posted during peak periods or ) making better use of the folks currently working in the store. It is often quite a long wait to be checked out here. Don't let that stop you from coming. This is really a great place to shop.This Walgreens is a flag-ship store in Madison, and in general, it shows.
3	Location is great since it's in the square. But come on, why don't you have unisex scarves/hats for the men who are trying to brave the cold weather?! My buddy bought the fuzzy gray beanie meant for ladies, but it's pretty close to unisex, and you can make do when it's 5 F out!
4	Now I've only have gone here to get makeup. Which they are great at having all the new items. Tons are buy one get one 50% off. Every time I've  been here at least one employee has asked me if im finding everything. Just today at the register the cashier explained to me ways to "play the systems" to get extra points/save money.
