5	Excellent body shop. Everyone was very helpful, from the receptionist to the estimator and the mechanics. They came in under the initial cost estimate and in only a week.Quality work and a free car wash, I would recommend them to anyone needing body work.
5	My insurance company recommended Lovett's as one of their "top tier" body shops, so I decided to give them a try.  Found out it's woman owned and operated which is a huge plus in my book, because I often feel as though men don't treat me fairly and respectfully when I need work done on my car.  They had my car for longer than I expected, but I'm very happy with the result.  After all the body work and painting was done, they detailed my car inside and out before I picked it up.  My 2006 looks like it did the day I drove it off the lot!
5	If you know me you know that I have bad car luck (knock on wood just in case).  Case in point, my car is currently being repaired at Lovetts courtesy of an absent minded lady in a parking lot (LOVE those ladies by the way :)....) with a giant SUV.  However, I can cruise in my rental in peace knowing that my car is safe in the hands of the people at Lovetts.  Now, I must first tell you this shop is owned by women (insert jersey shore fist pump)!!!  Not only have they fixed my car to perfection on several occasions, but they are UN-believably fast, and professional.  This is without a doubt a place I would recommend to anyone who needs body work! Side note: they also have a full mechanic and do just about everything EXCEPT oil changes
4	I had a ginormous dent in my car that was WAAAAY overdue for repair.  Seeing that I have a job I couldn't exactly on a whim be without a car for a week.  My insurance company recommended them so I went with it when I was going to be away for a week on vaca anyways.  Not only did they take me home and pick me up, but also were able to schedule my repair right away!  I suppose the drop off/pick up is the standard now, but it was SOOOO convenient!  (Especially trying to pack, etc. for a beach vacation).  And my car was done in time for me to go back to work!  Very nice work done...it was as if my car was never maimed to begin with!  They also have a very fun 50's theme going on! :)
5	I, as a woman, cringe at the thought of gettting autobody work done. I always get some condescending, wife-beater wearing old man who would rather patronize me than give me an honest job.  Imagine my delight when I found Lovett's and...IT'S OWNED BY WOMEN!!!I had to get some cosmetic work done on my car and took it in for the quote. They looked at it, looked at their schedule, and accomodated my last minute request with a smile! I brought it in and then they even gave me a ride to wherever I needed to go...already I was saving money!They had it done right on time and it looked BEAUTIFUL! At this point, I would've paid anything they asked. When they gave me my bill, I was sure they had made a mistake. It was about $300 cheaper than I had planned!  Amazingly quality work, friendly staff, and great prices? What more can a girl ask for???
5	Fantastic! As a young woman new to the area and subject to a minor fender bender I didn't have a clue where to take my car. I found Lovetts on yelp. The location was right and I liked the woman owned aspect.The reviews don't do this shop justice! The staff is very friendly and approachable. I worked with Vicki on my estimate and repair and she was very thorough and accurate. I liked that I saw her out and about in the shop and not just behind the service desk. She really knew what was going on.As for my repair...it looks better than before the accident!  They did a great job blending the paint and even found and repaired the missing letters of the make of my car on the bumper. Admittedly I hope to not be back any time soon but would highly recommend this shop to anyone. Thank you Lovetts!
1	I don't feel like these other reviews are real. In any case, here is mine:I've been meaning to post this review for almost a year now.I took my vehicle in to replace the bumper and fender. They did a good job with painting the new parts and installation was mostly okay, staff was friendly, but that's where it ends:1. The paint was slightly smeared on a crease that separates the unpainted bumper from the painted section. It just looks sloppy. When I asked them about this, they shrugged.2. They left some plastic wrap material that prevented overspray in the passenger front door.3. They did not reconnect parts of the door panel.4. The fender did not align with the bumper properly; they said they could do nothing about it and that I would have to take the fender back to the Nissan dealership.I decided to pay for these repairs out of pocket, so there was no insurance company with whom to complain. I wish I had just made a claim on my own insurance to have peace of mind. I've found Yelp reviews to be generally accurate, this is why question the other reviews. I don't understand how my experience can be so different from the other reviewers'.
5	Fabulous!  Denise and her staff are amazing.  I went to them with a challenge--fix a broken plastic motorcycle tail light and turn signal assembly that is no longer available.  They repaired it with a fiberglass-type material, filled in the missing parts, sanded and shaped it and repainted it, and it's better than new!  They took on the project as a challenge even though it was a complete shot in the dark that it would work.  Great people, excellent work, honest and friendly--the very best!
1	I am a small business owner, a veteran, and a fair person. All I expect for my money is that the job be done properly and on time, and that I be treated courteously - as if my business is appreciated. Instead, Lovetts wasted my time and treated me like I was unreasonable... like I was being a princess for demanding that my car be fixed properly. This is a lengthy review, and I would not go to such lengths if I did not feel that - as a consumer - I've been taken advantage of by Lovetts.I took my Mini Cooper to Lovetts based on positive reviews. The job I wanted them to do was very simple: fix some rust on my tailgate and then repaint it so it looks new again, and perform a few other small jobs. It should have been a three-day job, but it ended up taking over a week (due to some understandable parts-related delays), and I had to bring the car back three times to get the job done properly. I am shocked that in this day and age of online review sites, a business would be so careless with its reputation. The specific problems I experienced are listed below. Have a read and consider your options carefully before giving Lovetts your business.1. I dropped the car off on Monday morning. They didn't start working on it until Wednesday. They projected it would be complete ("worst case scenario") by Friday. It wasn't done by Friday (again, there were some parts-related delays, so I wasn't upset at this point). They promised it would be done Monday. Nope; they called me late on Monday (as I was getting ready to go fetch my car) to say it would be done on Tuesday; they wanted to take the time to make sure the job was done right. But when I went to get the car on Tuesday, it was far from being "done right". If I was a person who didn't know much about cars, I'd have driven away thinking my car was fixed properly.2. Along with the tailgate work, I requested that my headlight lenses be sanded and polished. They forgot to do it and gave me the excuse that they wouldn't have been able to do anything about it because they were fairly pitted. Plus, I didn't realize until after getting home that they'd still charged me $30.00 for the job! I subsequently purchased a kit (one of the ones that works with a drill) and managed to get the headlights looking almost new. 3. The car was supposed to be buffed and polished. I paid $250.00 for this service, but it wasn't done. If it had received a proper - $250.00 - buff and polish, you'd think the small surface swirl marks and scratches would be noticeably reduced. Nope. The car hadn't even been waxed. I again went out and got a kit and managed to remove the worst of the scratches myself, and make it look nice and shiny again.4. The trim on the back wasn't installed properly. There was a 3mm gap between the trim and the rear glass that would've filled with mud and muck and led to new rust problems. The car didn't leave the factory that way, why did it leave Lovetts that way?5. My old and tarnished emblems were "recycled" and sloppily put back on the car with 1mm thick double-sided tape. It looked awful, and would've been a magnet for dirt.6. They broke the rear wiper assembly while they were stripping the tailgate. The wiper arm was rusted on really badly. What they should have done was called me and said "We can't get this off without breaking it because it's rusted on. What do you want us to do?" Instead, they put the broken part back on the car and hoped I wouldn't notice, which would've been pretty much impossible because it was flopping loosely in place (the mounting bracket had been broken) and the sprayer was also sheared off. If I'd used the sprayer, it would've just dribbled all over the license plate.7. The tailgate wasn't completely painted. There was old paint showing through in two places.8. The new rear glass they installed was filthy. You think they'd have cleaned off the suction cup marks and smudges before handing it back to me. (Lovetts does advertise on their website that every car is cleaned before it's returned to the customer.)9. I'd requested that my rusted-in rotor retainer screws be removed and replaced while the car was there so I could do my brakes. (The car spent the first part of its life in Canada, which explains why it had some rust issues.) They forgot to do this. I had to bring the car back the next day and I sat in their waiting room for over an hour. They hadn't ordered new screws, so I drove it home without them and ended up buying and installing them myself.10. While I was in the waiting room, they came to talk to me in order to explain the situation. Apparently my parts were on order (emblems, new wiper assembly, rotor screws, etc.) and they would call me the next day to arrange for me to bring the car back - yet again - so the job could be finished. They never called. I finally had to involve the owner. Another trip. Another day without my car. The rental car they promised wasn't even ready.In my experience, Lovetts is awful.
5	I have taken every vehicle I have owned here for the past 12 years. My latest car was recently rear ended and they did another fantastic job. My car is a brand new Audi A5 and had was rear ended by a driver with no insurance. The damage looked minor but when they got the bumper off, rather than repair it they decided to contact my insurance to replace it since there was damage underneath. The result is my brand new car is still a brand new car. Every time I have taken a vehicle here they go way beyond what I expect to provide more than anyone should expect. I have sent upwards of a half dozen friends here and we all share the same experience. Vicki and her staff are helpful, friendly and professional. No add on sales, just exactly what you need and want from a body shop. Go here. period.
1	I previously wrote a very critical review for this shop that I see now has been filtered. This shop is terrible. My car was several days late, but I was fine with that because they (as they told me) wanted to make sure it was done right.When I went to pick the car up, it was anything but right. They lied to me. Glass and trim was not installed correctly. Emblems were not re-applied in the right spot. My rear wiper motor mount and sprayer was broken during dis-assembly and they tried to hand it back to me hoping I wouldn't notice. The car wasn't even painted properly. There were several flaws in the finish, and they even missed a couple of spots altogether. I had to complain to the owner and take the car back again to get it repainted and re-assembled properly.I am revisiting this review because my wife also used this shop (I went to them because she said she'd had a good experience) and has recently had a bad experience. Less than a year after they'd repaired and re-painted the hood of her car, the paint started flaking off the leading edge in cornflake-sized pieces. My wife brought the car back to be re-painted under warranty, but the new paint job is full of imperfections. It almost looks like they painted it outdoors.Do not go to this shop if you care about your vehicle. They do not know what they are doing.
5	Vicky and her team did a great job! I took my 2005 Cadillac that was backed into in a parking lot. Lovetts was recommended by my state farm agent. They offer rental car service right there! They fixed it quickly and the job was superb! I would highly recommend!
5	Absolutely love this body shop.  We took our 2008 Mercedes in for repair after I was hit at the U of A.  Not only did they do an amazing job fixing the car they fixed other minor damage as well and the car looks brand new.
5	Denise and her team at Lovetts were very professional and efficient. They helped me with a manufacturers defect with my VW bug which I was told was not covered under warranty eventhough I had purchased an extended one. They did a great job and I would recommend them to anyone.
1	What a disapointment. I dropped off my car and picked it up with new damage. I would absolutely not recommend this shop.
1	Very poor service. I wouldn't recommend this body shop to anyone. They broke my windshield and denied responsibility while there for service. They didn't fixed the car right the first time. I had to bring it back again. It took forever to get it fixed and they broke my windshield.
5	The best autobody shop in town hands down. Eyal treats his customers the way every business should. It was almost a pleasure to get into a fender bender because I got to interact with Lovetts Body Shop . My Audi looks better than it did before the fender bender!
