5	Not sure how Dr. O has gone unrated on yelp all this time. I'm a picky guy about dentists but came to Dr. O for whitening, a crown, and ended up there for 5 years now, I even see him for my cleanings when I'm in town even since I moved. I pay cash and his prices are great and doesn't offer any unnecessary work or xrays. He and his staff have decades of experience and their work is fast and as pleasant as going to the dentist gets.And the best part is they're always on time and never overbook, the most I've waited in 15 or so visits is about 5 minutes
5	The best dentist ever. I have had anxiety about dentists all my life...but not here. Dr O is fantastic, comforting and gentle. Been seeing him since we got to Las Vegas about 5 years now.:-)
5	I've been going to Dr. O for about 2 years now and I don't see myself changing dentist.His staff is very accommodating and such an excellent team. They really pull the office together.Dr. O himself is such an amazing dentist. I find myself in the waiting room for about 2 minutes before being called back. Him and his staff are very efficient with your time and will get you in and out as soon as they can.If you're in the Henderson area (or not) and are looking for a dentist. Dr. O is your man!
5	I came in for a cleaning and was very impressed by Dr. O and staff!!! Will me returning for my next cleaning. Professional and clean.
4	Very professional & helpful. Consistent in their service; the dentist takes time to see you even if it is just a cleaning, & the dental hygenist - Uli - is very good at what she does, keeping teeth clean! Thank your team for making a "not so fun" twice a year routine, very tolerable :)
5	I haven't had a dental cleaning in about a year and a half.. I just had a baby 6 months ago and figured it was time. I knew I wanted to try a new place, so I decided to check out Augusta dental. The woman hygienist I had was wonderful. I will definitely be returning. I've since returned and love it. I feel like the staff actually care and everyone is so great at what they do and welcoming. Dr. O is great
5	Very efficient & timely team! Thank you for getting me out of the waiting area & into the dental chair promptly! Uli is a great hygenist & nice too! Dr. O is always courteous & friendly! Glad your team has been there for our family for the past 12 years!
