4	The decor is an odd mix of Arizona ranch and Colorado fishing lodge, with lots of hammered copper, rough-hewn wood shutters, barbwire-etched glass, and antler chandeliers. The cuisine can best be described as Southwestern comfort food with some very gourmet twists. The fondue is a shining example of the kitchen's creativity - a pot of silky-smooth, creamy-rich melted pepperjack cheese is accompanied by rosemary-garlic lamb chops, pistachio bread, and butternut squash for dipping. Other highlights are beef ribs braised in Dr. Pepper, pork shank slow-cooked in beer, and hickory-smoked salmon that tastes like it was grilled on a campfire. Green-chili macaroni and cheese is a house specialty, and deservedly one of the most popular items on the menu, as is the Big-Ass Burger piled high with toppings, but be forewarned - it's served only in the Saloon, which gets very rowdy, especially during happy hour. There's a patio with a fire pit that makes outdoor dining cozy on chilly evenings in the desert. Sadly, this isn't the five-star experience it should be - reservations appear to be meaningless, if the forty-five minute wait we had is any indication, service is abrupt and bordering on rude, and prices are considerably higher than they should be for what you get.
3	Great happy hour.  The bar is comfortable and serves big portions at a good price during its happy hour.  I haven't had a full dinner here.  Super heavy/rich food. Meat intensive. If you are searching for a meal that involves the adjectives "light" or "healthy" this is not the place for you.
4	Update: 24 March 2008Robert McGrath sold his interest in the Roaring Fork. He now owns Pischke's Blue Ribbon on 1st St. in Old Town Scottsdale. He's done a heck of a job with it. Very nice. His new restaurant, REM, will be located in the former Anderson's Other Place on Lincoln, just west of Scottsdale Rd. Although the target opening date is this April, it appears unlikely at this point. Who knows. Robert is also working on a joint venture for a barbecue place. I don't know how much, if any, of the information regarding that venture is public knowledge, so I'll add an update and review when I know it's OK to talk about it.Re the Roaring Fork. I have not been there in many months now, so I can't vouch for my earlier review's accuracy today. I do know that a number of staff members have followed him to Pischke's.Original Review:I've eaten only occasionally in the main dining room, but do manage to make it to the bar on a more or less weekly basis. Their Happy Hour menu offers a number of excellent items at really reasonable prices. For example, the Fish Tacos and the Half a Rotisserie Chicken are both around $7.50. The Fish Tacos are crisp and relatively light. The Half a Rotisserie Chicken, served with a warm flour tortilla and extras from which you can fashion a chicken fajita burro on your own, is a complete meal all by itself.But be warned. During the season, getting a seat at the bar or at one of the tables in the bar area (the saloon) is difficult. Regulars and people in the know get there right at 4:00pm for the "bell" announcing the opening of the bar. Happy Hour ends at 7:00pm, but the entire bar menu remains available, excepting that each item costs $1 more (still a bargain).The owner, Robert McGrath, is opening a second location (to be called REM) in the building complex under construction just to the south (and just north of Fashion Square) that will have a more traditional interior and menu. I suspect that it will also have a dose of his sense of humor (reading the bar menu at RF is a gas).
2	Happy Hour might be a winner, but the regular dinner is a disappointment.  Our business meal started with the Maitre D' claiming quite arrogantly there was no reservation (it was confirmed the week prior).  After a 20 minute wait our party was disenchanted with spotty service, uninspired food, and ultimately a bill that was well beyond what the meal warranted.  You may not want to diss this place since others speak so highly of Happy Hour.  But when it comes to full priced dinners... go elsewhere.
3	The bar is the place to be, even when it's not happy hours.  Their saloon menu is probably better than the dinner menu.  The Green Chile Pork Stew and Roasted Chicken is a better value and taste as good as anything they have on the dinner menu.  Food there is nothing special.And their $120 gift card costs $100.  Great deal if you're on business and need to expense receipts.  Another way to beat the system!  ;-)
4	this place was so busy we had to sit at the bar table and that was on a Friday night so it was not shocking. the food was great, but not in the least bit healthy. I am sure I could have picked better options but the menu has too many beef or pork based temptations to go another way. I had a shrimp with spicy creamy dipping sauce that was insane and the house specialty the Green Chile Pork Stew was an amazing adventure. This stew was simply pork with hot cheese and strips of green hot peppers all cooked together in a small urn that you might have see hanging over a campfire 100 years ago. The atmosphere was fun and lively and the service was very good. I guess there are some desert specialties but we didn't try any- a bakery at the front of the restaurant makes it easy to take home the delicious-looking desserts as well.
3	Interesting location - really don't expect that type of decor inside a corporate building. After hearing so many positive reviews, I finally tried it out last week but couldn't say I was overwhelmed by my experience.The tortilla soup ws okay, nothing special - could have been more spicy. I had the seared tuna as my entree. While the presentation was beautiful, the flavors were a bit too extreme - however, the roasted beets were a nice touch, but the salsa did not fit with the dish.The bacon biscuits in the bread basket were out of this world.Service: prompt, very attentive, and unobtrusive.Conclusion: overrated!
5	BEST happy hour ever!!  It's sort of hidden but has a great bar area and patio.  I dont know about the regular dinner but it looks formal and the bar is great and relaxing.  It'salways fun to try to watch someone order/eat the "Big A$$ Burger."  I thought the scallops were great.   Expect it to be packed anytime after 4:30.
4	I believe I got a very good facial from the misters at Roaring Fork.  My hair also got a little frizzy and my date walked out with literally wet shoulders.  Out of control!!  TURN DOWN YOUR MISTERS!!  Whew ok.  My mister rant was the only issue I had with Roaring Fork at all.  Aside from being slightly damp when we left, our overall experience there was great.  We sat outside on the patio which is decorated pretty cool, white lights line the trees, etc.  My date had the tortilla soup, which he raved about, and a chef's special, lamb.  He loved everything including Moose Drool beer which not a lot of restaurants serve.  I had the salmon with mushrooms which was perfect.  Great food and service, nice atmosphere.  Reservations recommended, we had them and had absolutely not trouble being seated.  Good date spot.
4	Talk about great date spot! The Roaring Fork screams cute and cozy and is located off the beaten path of the typical array of downtown Scottsdale restaurants.Be sure to try the scene-stealing green-chili macaroni and cheese. It's out of this world. And wash it down with a fruity Huckleberry Margarita, their signature cocktail.
4	One of my fave t-shirts reads "Spooning Leads to Forking." That said, all I can say, is that whatever leads me back to the Roaring Fork is OK with me. A sprawling, rustic space with antler chandeliors (pahleeze, I can't spell that) and a roaring fireplace serving up fantastic New American fare. A perfect spot for a post movie double date. Let's start off in reverse by reviewing the desserts....The banana split, with fried bananas would make even a monkey cry with ecstacy. We were fighting for the last bite. Entrees of roasted duck with sour cherry sauce and sauteed cabbages was delectible. I ate, seriously, every bite. Rickie's fried chicken was juicy and crisp. The seared Ahi tuna with fresh avocado was perfectly prepared. Appetizer fish tacos were fresh, clean and light. All pre dinner salads were crisp and tossed in fantastic dressings. My field green salad, however, was short on beets and the fried goat cheese a bit gummy and luke warm. Service was polite, friendly, although I would enjoy a little more spark and verve from the staff. She seemed like she was sleep walking. Wine list was extensive. Crowd was very family like this evening, with lots of holiday revelery and gift exchange. Great spirited vibe all around. Can't wait to go back. Perhaps I'll wear my t-shirt. Perhaps the server will wake up.
4	Don't go here if you are trying to eat healthy...too many temptations at every turn. I had amazing scallops for dinner, but only after eating a ridiculous amount of bread.  The hamburgers in the bar looked and smelled incredible.  I like the spicy spin they put on most of the dishes...mac and cheese is KILLER.
3	Roaring Fork, oh Roaring Fork.  How do I love thee?  Let me counts the ways....1.....  Okay, I guess I don't really love you.  But I do like you, okay? First off, what an interesting location.  I could have been killed getting in the parking lot.  I had a reservation for 8:30.  No, my table wasn't ready at 8:30.  I found that very interesting because there was no one waiting in the lobby.  And wouldn't you know, they seated me by the kitchen.  Okay, folks, I know how long your food was sitting there Friday night and it's not pretty.  Their staff is like a bunch of crazy lunatics, but that's okay.I opted for the Huckleberry Margarita, nice but nothing to write home about.  Doesn't begin to compare with Roy's signature drink, but that's for another review.The bread basket was full of unhealthy little taste treats, I especially liked the bacon & cornmeal bombs and the buttermilk, bacon, artery cloggers.  Yum, yum, even better slathered in chipotle honey butter.  My salad was great, I opted for the wild greens disguised as the iceberg wedge.  I'm a red meat girl, so I had the 8 oz. center cut filet mignon.  Eight is too much for any girl, so I was unable to finish.  But I did order it medium and since it was barely medium rare, I did have to send it back.  Luckily, I was close to the kitchen, so the re-cook didn't take long.  The flavor of the meat wasn't really remarkable, but satisfactory.  The green chile Mac 'n' Cheese is a really great idea and something that I will try to duplicate at home.  If any of you yelpers have the recipe, I would be interested in it.  Now, I'm thinking that since I didn't finish my steak, my server deemed me not worthy of a dessert, it wasn't even offered!  But that's okay, I guess I didn't really need it.All in all, pleasant, but nothing to write home about.
5	I think the Roaring Fork is the best Southwestern restaurant in the Valley. Not only for the outstanding cuisine, but also for the service. I've never spoken to an aloof idiot hostess on the phone, ever, and that's pretty much my job description (to speak with hostesses, not to deal with idiots... I'm a concierge). It's rich and delicious, and it happens to have the best burger in town. The bar features lots of delish micro-brews, and the service doesn't disappoint in this section, either. I'd far prefer going here than Richardson's or Rokerij any damn day of the week.
5	We got into Phoenix about 815 and by the time we reached our hotel in Scottsdale it was nearly 10.  We were all hungry and would have went about anywhere.  Roaring Fork was across the street so we walked over. When we came in, it was five after ten and the waitress said no more food--kitchen's closed.  We were disappointed.  Then the manager came over and said they would seat us.  YES!!We had a lovely waitron, Katherine who took especially good care of us.  We had a nice bottle of wine and began with the field greens salad with goat cheese and pecans.  It was wonderful.  The only part I didn't like was the beets (there weren't many) but I don't like beets.   I had a swordfish special which was divine.  It was late when we were done so we skipped dessert.  Someone had the pizza, which I didn't care for too much.  We are only here for a few days but we may come back, this place was great.  Ask for Katherine as your waitron--she rocks!!
5	5 stars for the excellent service and delicious food! Everything we had was great but the one thing that stood out for me was the Green Chile Mac 'N Cheese!! Thanks to all previous yelpers for this recommendation! : ) Neither the green chile nor the cheese was overpowering but with each bite, there was definitely a "kick" to it!  YUMMY!!!!  I am now on a mission to get that recipe!!! : )
5	Wow... I was blown away by my experience at Roaring Fork this evening... From the second I walked in, Melissa (the hostess) was welcoming and friendly.  I didn't have a reservation, but she accommodated my party of 3 no problem. I waited a minute before I was escorted to my table on the back patio. My brother and boyfriend joined me shortly after and we all agreed that this was by far, the best meal we'd had in a long time!Mike was our server and he was friendly and attentive throughout the evening.  In addition, there were a ton of other employees who came by consistently filling our water glasses, refilling our bread basket, folding our napkins (at least they did that for me when I excused myself for a minute and returned), and more. I ordered the field green salad to start - it was served with beets, pecans, apple slices, and goat cheese, and I at every morsel! The boys had the famous green chile mac 'n cheese as a starter and licked the bowl clean! We all enjoyed the fresh bread as well, especially the jalapeno corn muffins and scones. For our entrees, I went with the campfire salmon while the guys split a big azz burger and the beef ribs. We also had asparagus for the table. The salmon was tasty, but when I tasted the beef ribs, I was in heaven... they melted in my mouth! Luckily, the serving was huge, so Minnie got a special treat when I returned home.  The topper on the 5 star service was that I requested a box to put the leftovers in and I had the box out on the table ready to go and the bus boy came over and sealed it with a sticker.  It was perfect!We were all pretty full so we passed on dessert even though there were several that looked really good. Total bill for the 3 of us was $88 and change before gratuity.  Not so bad considering we all ate pretty well and had leftovers too!I saw that RF has a special happy hour menu with pretty good discounts as well as a special Mother's Day menu.  I will definitely be back soon to try all of the above!
5	We've been here several times for special occasions and have left impressed every time.  The drinks are strong, the food is delicious and the service was on point.  The green chile pork appetizer is exceptional.  The location is kinda weird and we almost always come close to driving past it.  Definitely a favorite.
4	I'll go back for another opportunity at a very nice glass of Petite Syrah and their famous Big Ass Burger (or whatever its called) while sitting at the bar in a very comfortable surrounding.  Something seemed very charming about eating bar-side in an upscale restaurant, chatting with the keep, fire roaring off in a corner, and well-dressed patrons enjoying celebratory or power-meeting meals like green chile pork stew, slow roasted pork prime rib, and Dr Pepper Braised Beef Short Ribs.  I like their wood-roasted concept and works well in its only two locations worldwide, downtown Scottsdale and downtown Austin. I would personally have a big-time, celebratory event here as it is worthy of such an occasion, but also worthy of a nice little meal up on the bar.
4	Had a great time here last night, despite there being no Valet for some reason? Anyway, this is a great place to bring out-of-towners, it has a chic southwest feel, while remaining upscale and impressive. The spicy shrimp appetizer was perfect, salad was crisp and fresh, my chicken was succulent, and a guest had the "Big Ass Burger" - which is a Roaring Fork tradition.Highly recommend this to people visiting the Scottsdale area. (avoid the patio in the summer when you book your reservations) Three of us paid about $100 total for dinner with 1 drink each :)
4	So it turns out that "long ribs" are not elongated versions of "short ribs", those tiny finger-food snacks you tend to find at poorly designed wedding where the organizers have failed to realize that messy fingerfood is doom for your fancy new clothes.No, when you order the "our famous long bone ribs", you get a stern warning about not underestimating the size of your order that makes you think "oh my, I'm no-longer not in a place like Kansas" which is then followed by a delivery of a plate containing what looks like two white Cadillac Escalades covered in cow meat. The "flavor over meat eaten graph" was a descending curve from "OMG this is as good as The Salt Lick in Texas" to "I'm bored of eating the same meat" over the first pound or two, at which point it was prematurely cut short by the limits of my belly. I advise that you go with friends and share different types of cow.While they have no vegetarian mains, they're happy to turn a salad into a fullsize meal, which was great as this allowed my vegetarian dining partner to fashion a poker visor out of rocket leaves so that she could avoid watching the carnage on my side of the tablet.
2	I have must of been here on an "off" night. I was not impressed. The place is decorated like a Claim Jumper.  The service was good, however I was told the specials and the aged 28 day steak sounded good. When it came out there was so much pepper rub on the steak, I couldnt taste the meat. The pepper rub was so overpowering  that I couldnt eat but two bites. I let the server know my feelings about the steak and he said no problem we can just box it up for you. What?!?.  So anyway he proceeded to take it away and box it up. The real surprise is when I got the bill $78 dollars just for the steak!!! Last time I take the special without finding out the price. It was not worth the $78 dollars. Anyway, I pay the bill and chock it up to a lessoned learned
4	Strange location...out of the way of Scottsdale's more touristy strip but it was worth the trip.  The Dr. Pepper shortribs and green chile mac and cheese were outstanding - couldn't keep my friends' paws off my plate!  The duck and fundito were good but I'll take my ribs and mac any day.  Service was attentive.  Definitely would go back!
5	5 stars for the RF happy hour!  Given the high quality of food and service at these prices, this must be  the best bargain in town! We came on a recommendation by a trusted friend who told us we had to order the Green Chile Pork Stew ($7).  It came in a small iron kettle that kept the pork nice and hot.  We were not disappointed - the pork was tender and succulent infused with layers of spicy flavors. We also ordered the Fondue Pot ($9) which came with three 1-oz lamb chops, butternut squash and green apples for dunking.  The cheese in the fondue tasted like a mild blend of cheddar and other American cheeses.  The lamb chops were delicious on their own but just a touch over cooked at medium-well.  The contrast of textures between the roasted squash and green apple cubes were great with the cheese.At the start of the meal, we also ordered the Field Green salad which came with candied pecans, sliced apples, diced beets and warm crusted round of goat cheese.  I was pleasantly surprised to see the plate split for us even though it was only a $5 dish.The service was great - our water glasses were never less than half empty and our plates were quickly changed.  Happy hour wines are only $5 a glass.  I ordered a red Zinfandel and it was good to see the proper glass brought to me along with a small carafe of wine, allowing for the right pour to facilitate lots of swirling.  It's these small details that sets a restaurant apart.I don't remember the last time I had this quality of a meal and service for less than $30.  We will most definitely be back and often.
5	Based on the Roaring Fork happy hour last night, I had to update my review, and it was another 5 star experience for sure.  I met my boyfriend there around 6pm, and we waited just about 10 minutes until two seats opened up at the bar... The entire bar area was packed though - it's no secret how fantastic the happy hour prices are at RF!The bar service was perfect - (thanks Ryan) and for a total of $33 before tip, we walked out full from the following:-a glass of Cab Sauv ($5)-a field greens salad with fresh beets, apples, candied walnuts and goat cheese ($5)-fish tacos that came with avocado, tomato, lettuce, salsa ($7)-a half roasted chicken that came with beans, tortillas, avocado, and additional garnish ($12) We were completely satisfied, ambiance was fun (we made friends with our neighbors on either side), and food was phenomenal!  Helpful hint we were told for next time - if you order the salad and ask them to split it in the kitchen, they will put a full goat cheese fritter on both plates!  We're already planning to order that way next time!Thanks for another fantastic meal, Roaring Fork - see you again soon!
3	My experience at the Roaring Fork during Restaurant Week was peculiar.  It's difficult for me not to take on the judgements of my co-diners, but I'm going to try to limit this to my experience only.It took FOREVER to get order our drinks and actually receive them.  All I wanted was an iced tea and I received my drink last, and it was given to my co-diner seated 4 seats away from me.  And, while we were waiting for our drinks to arrive incredibly slowly and one-by-one, I started to get really, really hungry.  I'm waiting for the guy to take our order, but he hasn't even brought all the drinks yet, but he has brought a huge basket of bread.  So I start munching on bread, which was so-so.Finally, he takes our orders for appetizer and entree.  And it takes forever for something of which they probably have a big vat sitting in the kitchen.  But it eventually comes out: 7 green pork chili and a tortilla soup. Except wait a minute, they only brought out 6 green pork chili and a tortilla soup.  So again I wait, and wait, for my waiter to come check on us. 10 minutes or longer after everyone else is served I finally get my appetizer.And it was really good. Tender pieces of pork in a slightly spicy green chili sauce, smothered with a ton of jalapeno jack cheese, served in a little cauldron with three large buttery tortillas.  But it was enough food to be the entree.  If I had known it was going to be this large, I would have ordered the salad.Then it takes awhile for everyone to finish, plates to be cleared and entrees to be brought out.  We were seated at 7:30, it's now close to 9.But then it finally arrives.  My rainbow trout with almond slices and capers with a piece of jalapeno cornbread.  The fish was almost as large as the platter, easily 4 servings if vegetables were included on the platter, but there wasn't.  I'm very curious to find out if this is how they normally serve their food because I'm not used to getting a big plate of meat with nothing else.  Again, it was delicious.  Lightly battered and smokey, it almost tasted meaty it was so rich. This fish was yummerriffic.Then it's time for the dessert, not that any of us have room for dessert, but it's part of the package.  The server informs us that there are only 3 creme brulee left.  Luckily only two of our crowd wanted this dessert, but it was just another way that I was a little disappointed with the service.  I ordered the Chocolate Lava Brownie with Vanilla Ice Cream.  It was pretty good.  Not phenomenal, but good.I loved my food, and maybe I would check out a happy hour.  It's a shame that the service was so mediocre, because this restaurant could easily have won me over with their food.  And I never would have gone here if it wasn't Restaurant Week.
3	I was so excited to try Roaring Fork for the first time given the positive reviews.  My husband and I met a group of Yelpers for the first time as well.  While we thoroughly enjoyed the company, the restaurant...not so much.Service was marginally acceptable.  While our server took our water order right away, it took a ridiculous amount of time to order any other drinks (except for water) and even a more obscene amount of time to get our dinner order taken.  Where the hell was he?  Taking a class at the Culinary Institute down the street?  There was no logical progression of the dining experience or even the ordering process.  Finally, Houdini arrives with bread.  The  dinner rolls were decent.  There were also some kind of bacon biscuit, but the flavor reminded me more of those "Baco" bacon bits than smokey good-quality bacon.  I ordered off the Restaurant Week menu.  For my starter, I had the green chili pork stew.  Very very good.  Quite a large portion for a starter-would be a fabulous lunch.  Because I wanted to save room for dinner, I refrained from finishing the stew.  Big mistake as my rotisserie chicken was a disappointment.  While it wasn't bad, the chicken was a little dry and  relatively flavorless.  I spent most of my meal focusing on my fond memories of the green chili stew I so foolishly let go.  I did try my husband's trout and it was delicious.  Damn I hate it when he gets a better dish than I do.  The lava brownie for dessert was good, but not as warm as I would have expected either.  I think it was nearing breakfast hour by the time we managed to complete our meal.I'm not certain if the lack-luster experience was due to Restaurant Week or our server lost the coin toss when our group pushed our two tables together.  I will come back and give Roaring Fork another shot, however.  Maybe Houdini will have disappeared for good.  Ahhh, he wasn't that bad, very nice, just not on top of things.
3	I had the opportunity to dine with some Fabulous Fellow Yelpers at The Roaring Fork last night. While the night was fun and full of laughs, The Fork just didn't deliver.Our group of 9 people had a dinner reservation for 7:30pm. Let me first hit on our reservation. Because of seating limitations, Jenn W and I had to make 2 separate reservations, and they were made through Open Table. We each noted our reservation with each other's names and stated that we wanted to be seated next to each other. I also noted that we were Yelp members and that we wanted the AZ Restaurant Week menu.  We received a confirmation etc.The day of our event, I received a phone call confirming our 8PM dinner...umm... no. I explained I set it for 7:30. The girl fumbled around and finally said "Yeah ok." and finally apologized for the oversight. I am SO glad I thought to ask her about the further instructions regarding Jenn W and My table being seated together, because they would have dropped the ball on that too. In my irritation, I finally said "What other important information do you miss because you guys don't actually read your Open Table reservations?" more apologies...yack yack.Fast forward to dinner time!I arrived around 7pm to meet a few Yelpers for drinks at the bar. I didn't feel comfortable actually sitting at the bar because the seats are jam packed right next to each other... heaven forbid there's a fire! It took a while for the bartender to notice that we actually wanted a drink. He served me a fantastic Zin. I don't know what it was, but it was good!Our full party arrived and it was dinner time! I was STARVING at that point. We were seated at 2 separate tables that were next to each other. We decided it was silly to sit a foot away from each other and put some muscle into moving our tables together. Our server, Joshua, took our water order very quickly. Unfortunately, that was about all he did quickly and accurately all night. Our actual drink/cocktail order was painfully slow both in being able to order it and delivery, plus a random diet coke showed up in the midst of our order. At this point we didn't want our drinks we wanted food. A couple of bread baskets were delivered with so-so varieties of bread. My favorite was the cheddar bacon biscuit. It was just interesting to me. After we depleted our carb baskets, we hoped that our food order would fare better and get to us quickly.It was time for the first course. Everyone's first course was delivered except for one. Jenn W was left to sit and wait an unreasonable amount of time for her order. In fact, instead of making sure everyone had what they needed, our waiter delivered another table's appetizer first and walked away. BIG NO NO. Jenn finally received her order and I could finally dig into my food without guilt. I ordered the green chile stew. Fantastic! I loved it. It had the right amount of spicy kick. The meat was tender and not at all fatty, and the tortillas that came with it were hot and buttery. I could have just gone straight to dessert after that. I was very pleased with my appetizer.What goes up must come down right? Well my blissful high was broken up by my boring rotisserie chicken meal. I was hoping that the chicken might be moist and smoky, or maybe rubbed with some interesting spices... no. I know I've had a better seasoned, and more moist rotisserie chicken from a grocery store. Yes, I said it. I did have the chance to steal bites of the trout from Jenn W and Matthew K. How I regret ordering the chicken!! The trout was moist and meaty and full of so much flavor it was silly!! I also had a few bites of Amanda B's short rib dish. The sauce on the short rib was tasty and smoky; the short rib itself was almost too fatty. I know short ribs are supposed to have some fat content, but this was like eating blubber in some bites, not appetizing. I had high hopes for my dessert.Our dinner dishes were finally cleared away and we were left to chat for a bit before our dessert order was taken. I had the molten chocolate brownie with vanilla ice cream. Meh... the brownie wasn't exactly as molten as I expected and considering my ice cream was largely melted I was hoping the whole brownie was warm, nope. The melted ice cream was possibly our "speedy" waiter's handiwork.Our waiter was kind enough to allow split bills and there was no problem in mixed up tabs or anything which was great. I think I will go back to the Roaring Fork for a happy hour or to try some of their more creative dishes. Maybe a basic chicken dish threw them for a loop; I hope they can wow me next time with something different!
3	I joined several yelperz for the UYE Restuant Week excursion. It was SO much fun sitting there and laughing around with everyone joking about God-knows-what. If it weren't for the company - this would have been a TERRIBLE night!! The food was good... my green chile pork stew was good and I enjoyed it. However, it made my "date" sick. Poor thing! But my braised beef ribs were a HUGE chunk of meat! lol! and it was so fatty! A good 25% of it was fat. gross. But the beef was falling off the bone and very good. My creme brulee` was just... creme brulee`. Nothing great, outstanding... or amazing. Heck Carraba's creme brulee` is better! HA! The service was ATROCIOUS! I never had such slow service! The waiter was friendly and a lil bit of a smartass (which was actually really refreshing) and really nice but MAN he was WAY off his game. We waited over 30 minutes between courses and every single course someone was left out. There was one less soup, one less entree, one less dessert. Every time someone would have to wait for their food. I felt bad each time and really it was uncalled for. I wanted to just go off on the manager who I saw spend over 20 minutes sucking up to a different table and wanted to only spend 2 minutes with us. But alas, I didn't want to scare my fellow yelpers and chose not to say anything. double grrrrr... By then of the night - I spent over $120 on a meal for two (the MOST I have ever spent on one single dinner! Ugh, is this what it feels like to be a man??) and got know some more of my fellow yelpers. Which of course, makes it worth it. Straight up - I'll never go back. It's waay too far, it's WAAY too expensive and the service is WAAAAAYWAAAAY too shity and is NOT worth the gas, money and time to go there. If I have to pay over $60 a head, the service better be fucking great!! Cuz straight up, the food wasn't THAT good to where I'd look over all their flaws and go anyway. Methinks not!
4	This place is awesome!!! I found a new hang out YAY!!!So the happy hour is really really good. Here's What I got Kettle of pork Carmita's with melted jack cheese and bettered flour tortillas   7.00!! = This pork literally melts in your mouth this was the most tender meat I have ever had. I wouldn't have though to order pork I'm soo glad I did. I was also surprised I wouldn't have thought of this place as having mexicanish food? The tortillas were sooo thin and soft and buttery. Very good dish, perfect for 2.Fish tacos 9.00 = This was very good, I have never in my life ever ever ever ordered fish tacos, since I hate fish. It was grouper   and  it came with very fresh avocado and thin sliced red onion and a very good salsa. The salsa was like blended, so it wasn't the typical tomato chunks salsa. They also have a 7.00 "big ass burger" Yes, that's really what they call it. I saw everyone order it and every time they brought one out I got jealous. It was about the width off two burgers and came with a side of fries that looked soo good. They too were served in a kettle and were very thin but not the crispy gross thin ones. We came in before they opened at like 2 and we were told that happy hour is when they open at 4pm. This guy came in at that time and was telling us how he couldn't wait until 4 because they have the best burger ever. So I'm excited to try more off the menu and especially try the burger
5	Fantastic food + impeccable service = 5 stars, baby.Let me just say something about Lauren, our server.  She was incredible!  There were ten of us at the table and by the end of the dinner had learned all of our names.  Just absolutely great service.The food is upscale American classics, like green chile mac & cheese.  Go here when you are in Scottsdale!
5	Great service, portions, and quality.  Standouts were the beef short ribs, tortilla soup, pork tacos, and pecan pie w/ chocolate and toffee.  We took our parents who were in from out of town, this is just what we were looking for.  And the house huckleberry margs were only $5 a piece!
5	Without hesitation 5stars!!!!!! I had a wonderful experience at the Roaring Fork last Saturday evening and I cannot wait to return! Amazing food, and amazing service makes for a spectacular evening out...wouldn't you agree? :) The Roaring Fork sponsored the 2008 Arizona yoga asana championships which took place in Tempe last weekend. Following the competition, competitors, teachers, and volunteers were all invited to enjoy dinner courtesy of Roaring Fork! From the moment I walked in the restaurant all of my senses were stimulated-from the delicious smells to the wonderful decor to the terrific music playing, it was perfect! We enjoyed amazing appetizers and a wonderful plank salmon. Our sides included macaroni and asparagus that was to die for. Although I don't usually indulge in dessert, I figured I could reward myself for participating in the competition and enjoy the chocolate lava cake which I am still dreaming about!
4	Came here for happy hour a few times last summer.  The huckleberry daiquiri is good, if not a little too sweet.  Good for a try, but I wouldn't order it again.  (Well, maybe one more time... it's so pretty to look at!)Nice atmosphere, indoors and out.  It can get very crowded, so arrive early to secure a table!  The food served during happy hour is tasty, too!  The burger, named appropriately, is pretty big.  My friend's husband, a six-footer, couldn't finish it.  It looked amazing!  She had the quesadilla (can't recall the unique spelling, and the RR link isn't working so I cannot double-check at the mo') and loved it.  It looked beautiful with caramelized onions and so melty (a word that is more and more popular these days).  I tried the delicious green chile pork stew.  We also ordered the green chile mac 'n cheese.  Now, I've NEVER been a fan of regular macaroni and cheese, but I LOVE the version they serve here.  The textures in this side dish are exquisite, and the taste...  I've also had the pleasure of dining here for dinner.  My companion and I had the cheese fondue to start.  Loved it with the bread.  We shared a duck entree, which was very flavorful, but had a thick layer of fat (I'd say the fat layer was as thick as the meat underneath it).  Since he'd never had creme brulee before, I decided I'd order that for us to share.  Pretty good, but I've had better elsewhere.  Didn't keep us from finishing it, though!I have not eaten here since Eddie V. acquired it from McGrath, so I can only speak of the food as they were prepared before the switch.  However, I have eaten at Pischke's Paradise for lunch after McGrath acquired it, and I have to say that I did NOT enjoy the green chile pork stew I ordered there.  It was much too greasy that I only had a taste of it at the restaurant, and I threw the refrigerated leftovers when I opened the container and saw the contents.  A coworker just told me a couple of nights ago that RF is his favorite Friday-night (which is actually on a Wednesday) hangout.  He said nowhere will you find $5 pours of Johnny Walker Red.  A couple of other coworkers said that the food is still amazing, so I may have to give happy hour and dinner another go!
4	the happy hour here is the best in town. the food quality is top notch and the drinks are stiff. plus, there's something cool about cheap happy hour in such a nice place. only eaten off the regular menu once, and the food was the bomb. wasn't veggie then, so i had the ribs and they were so soft and melt apart good...best since south jawja. but the dinner prices are a bit steep for the middle class. excellent customer service.
5	Excellent food! There are so many different things on this menu that are delicious. The green chile pork stew is definitely not your usual appetizer, but it is worth trying. The green chili mac and cheese is a must try. I have also ordered or tried the fried chicken, short ribs, filet mignon and the long bone rib. All are great, to be honest I have never had anything bad there. The restaurant itself is interesting. It has a bar menu, which I have not had the chance to try, but would like it. The service has always been pretty good, not too great, but not bad. The drinks are also good, they have an extensive menu to choose from. Even though it is an expensive meal, it is definitely worth a try.
3	Stopped by today and was surprised to see how slow business was.  Last time I was here for HH, my companion and I had to wait about 15 minutes for a table, and then later had to share it w/ two other couples.  I later had a chat w/ a chef, who mentioned that business on Tuesdays, for some reason, almost always is slow.  But then again, most businesses have slowed down...I actually wish I could give four stars for today's visit.  All the servers (and chef) I spoke w/ were very friendly and accomodating, including bartender Ryan, who recommended I have a glass of the Cab ($5) w/ the Fondue Pot w/ Lamb Chops (reg. $14, but only $9 during HH!).  I only had to ask to be able to watch the Australian Open and Ryan made it happen!  Later, when Ryan asked how I was enjoying my meal, I said "Very much, but I wish there were more bread", and five minutes later, voila!  So, four stars, maybe even five, for service.  Spotted a new complimentary item (to me!) on the bar (and other tables) being served along w/ the pretzel, peanut, and oyster cracker mix- house-made beef jerky!  Decided to try the jerky (had to avoid the snack mix due to probable * ingredients in the pretzels and seasonings) while sipping the Cab.  Both were satisfying.  The jerky was a pleasant addition, esp. since the portions of butternut squash (2- 2"x1" pcs) and bread (about 4 pcs, ranging from 1"x1" to 1.5"x2"), and the lamb chops left me wanting more!  Actually, the lamb chop portions would've been satisfactory if all four pieces were cooked to medium, but only the two sliced ones were; the other two were cooked as one, not sliced, and were basically served rare.  W/ the exception for sushi and sashimi, I do not particularly enjoy chewing rare meats.  Come to think of it, I don't know why I didn't speak up.  Probably bec. I was enjoying the tennis match, the conversation, and, to be honest, I was already tipsy w/ the wine!  (Hey! I was sipping iced water, as well... what can I say?  I'm a light-weight!)  BTW, do try the fondue pot.  Ignore the notation of "chile-pecan" for the bread.  It's really chile-pistachio.  Very good, esp. dipped in the spicy monterey jack fondue.  The butternut squash paired well w/ the chops and the cheese-dipped bread!  Mmm... If only all the chops were cooked...
4	Happy hour was hopping today, unlike last week.  Bartender Ryan wasn't there, but no worries, as Stefan was just as able and gracious.  I selected the cab to go with the RF "Big Ass Burger," even though I wanted to try the zin.  Did I choose wrong?  I'll try the zin next time.Since I enjoyed the chile-pistachio bread last week, I asked if I could have the commercially-made burger bun swapped out with the new-recipe chile-pecan bread.  No problem.  Ordered it medium, no pickles.  By the time I had thought to take photos of the burger (I was starving so I dug right in!), the scene was a mess!  From the very first slice, the longhorn cheddar-topped patty crumbled into many pieces- I kept wishing I had a spoon to scoop them up!  No matter, as it was still a wonderful meal- loved the smoked bacon, and the chipotle mayo worked well both as a burger condiment and as a dip for the wonderfully crisp and seasoned fries (see photos).If only there are more happy hour meal selections (only two, excluding the salads) for me to enjoy.  Guess I'll be forced to try the Huckleberry bread pudding with creme anglaise and vanilla bean ice cream next time... woe is me ;)
2	I think I would have liked the food if I actually ate it. Was seated quickly, which was nice, given a great table (booked on open table so was surprised). The salads came quickly, but immediately noticed my lettuce wasn't washed, but no waiter to be found to send back. A while later, after I noticed other tables getting served that were seated after us, the waiter popped bye and said that our food should be coming up shortly. A while later, the food arrived, and it looked good, but it was way cold, had been sitting for a while, which was a shame. All the food was sent back and we were given our bill for our drinks. Whaaaatttttt??? They wasted an hour of my time to serve me cold food only to drop a check for my drinks? I wouldn't have had the second glass of wine if the food had come in a reasonable amount of time. I would go to Houston's, better food and a quality wait staff / management.
4	We came here for Happy Hour Saturday night and had a great time. We sat next to a couple that had been coming for more than a decade, before it was at this location. The huckleberry margarita for $5 was yummy. I had two! They also had quite a few $5 wines during HH, which we will have to try next time. For food we ordered the rotisserie flat bread and of course the chili verde pork which was sooooo good. I enjoyed ever bite I had with the buttery tortillas. It was a mistake ordering this as I have craved it several times since. They have a large bar area and it seems most of the people who come here are regulars and so friendly. The complimentary beef jerky at the bar top is also good, but be warned it is dry. I can't wait to come back and have some more chili verde pork!
4	Went to happy hour here with some clients and it was great. Three rounds of drinks plus everyone ordered off their appetizer menu and the bill was $85... not bad. The place filled up a lot while I was there, apparently it's a pretty popular happy hour hang out- I will definitely do it again. Myself and client #1 got the fish tacos (w/ Mahi Mahi), they were great- kind of a build your own deal on the plate which I liked. Client #2 got the green chili pork stew which he liked and I can personally say is awesome. Service was good and the atmosphere is comfy. Great place, a bit off the beaten path but still near old town.
3	Average food.  Three of 4 people had food served, after 5 minutes we asked the waitress about the left out meal.  OOOps. An apology, but after 10 more minutes it became irritating.
3	Everyone I knew spoke so highly of the Roaring Fork that I couldn't wait to get to Arizona and try it out. Needless to say I was disappointed. The atmosphere of the restaurant is very unique and different and has a mountain type vibe to the decor. The place is always packed and we couldn't get in until about 830 on a Sunday night. The food is overpriced to say the least. Side dishes are all $7 and the french fries were a disgrace. The menu was limited but did feature a wide array of fish. The friend chicken was dry and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for a good amount of time. The braised ribs were average and a little went a long way. The sides overall were horrid and the service was shotty to say the least. The banana desert was a home run! One of the best desserts I have ever had and I highly recommend it! I may give the Roaring Fork another shot if I am in town again because of the dessert. Maybe I ordered the wrong dishes, who knows.
5	I find this place very unique and fun! Its a great place to take out of towners... Its colorful, has very unique and quality food, and you have to love a place that has a "Big Ass Burger" on its menu! Its a lively joint, far from romantic, if that's what you're looking for. Not the greatest location, as its almost hard to find if you've never been there before, as its in an office-like complex. But, those minor items aside, I really dig this place and the food is more than outstandng!
5	We had read about this place on  Yelp and a local had highly recommended it as well.  It is located in an office building and not easy to find unless you know in advance that it is in the back of a big office building with a big parking lot.  I will preface this by saying that we had just eaten the night before at a highly regarded Scottsdale restaurant in which the service was awful.  Therefore, this place won a lot of points with the 4 of us immediately because the service was outstanding from start to finish.  The restaurant itself is huge and it is beautifully decorated and immaculate.  You walk in and they have a huge open fire spit BBQ chickens and Beef.  For starters we had a  Caesar Salad--a shrimp cocktail--a bit pricey and just okay, and a good house salad.  I ordered their simply grilled fish of the day which was Swordfish with Guacomole on top and a corn butter on the side served with rice.  It was a good portion and it was delicious.  My wife had Salmon on a plank which was also very good.  One of our friends had Short Ribs with Dr. Pepper BBQ sauce and grits.  The portion was huge and he raved about the dish. Our other friend had the Duck Breast and it was very good.  We had a nice wine recommended by our waitress that was reasonably priced and very good.  The whole experience was excellent and we will go again when we come back to Scottsdale.
4	Came by Saturday for drinks and we were informed that the Margarita recipe has changed. I don't remember anything being wrong with it, but apparently it has less lime juice, which my boyfriend thought was a plus, I liked it better before. And I I think they are stronger now. I had 2 last time before I got a buzz and this time I could only handle one. Which turned out well for me since I had agreed to pay the bill tonight beforehand.
4	How does a fork roar?There is a certain zen quality to that question, much like the ever popular "if a tree falls, yada-yada" (I know, it's not really yada-yada, but you get the idea).I have been to several restaurants lately named with utensil based nomenclature, or named after the place in which the meal was prepared (Kitchen, Wok, etc.). I fully expect that trend to continue, but I think it shows a certain lack of imagination. Sometimes that can be helpful, like "Jimmy's BBQ Pit"...I know it's likely to be BBQ. Simply "Jimmy's Pit" or "Jimmy's" or "Pit" wouldn't be helpful (well, "Pit" might tell you avoid the place). But generally, I like a little romance in the naming...a little something to pique my interest (having said that I still think the food at Hooters is just not up to the name, but that's a discussion for another time).The Beautiful Carin and I headed over to the Roaring Fork for Happy Hour a couple of nights ago and spent a lovely evening at the bar with Clark, the bartender/server/happy hour ambassador. The bar is the place to have a happy hour dinner and couple of cocktails. Tables are fine, but the bar is just a better atmosphere! We hadn't been back for happy hour since Bob McGrath sold the place, but it really hasn't changed (which is a good thing!!). All of our favorites are still solidly on the menu, and the Big Ass Burger is still riding tall at the Roaring Fork Happy Hour! We started with the green chile pork stew and scotch (why yes, they do have one of my favorites...Bunnahabhain...that always puts me in a good mood!).I had the Big Ass Burger... it truly is a big ass burger and really tasty...it's not Kobe beef, it's just beef, but good beef, cooked correctly! Carin had the Roasted Chicken which was also really well prepared...crispy skin, moist and flavorful! We couldn't begin to eat it all, so DeeDee was delighted with us when we got home:)For the capper, they have started making their own pies, in their wood fired oven. You know what's better than chocolate pecan pie in homemade crust (yeah baby, none of the store bought crap for these Roaring Forkers)...almost nothing! Sex, that's about it.Jeez, I waddled out of there, $50 lighter, but that's a hell of a meal for $50, (including a couple of single malts, a marti and dessert)!So, how does a fork roar? It roars for thee my friend, it roars for thee.
4	It was good. The food was delicious and prepared well, and the service was attentive, wine list is comprehensive, and blah blah blah. It had everything it better have at these prices and in this economy. We had read reviews on Yelp and needed a Mothers Day night out. Made reservations three weeks ago with no hassle, even got a reminder call the day of the event. Nice touch. Got there 8 minutes early according to the hostess who also informed us we would have to wait the 8 minutes. Really?? Big shout out to Stephen the bartender who has the perfect bartender personality. When we were brought to our booth, we noticed the restaurant only about 3/4 full and fading fast. Really, we should have been seated -- come on hostesses, improvise a little. Walk-ins were seated right away. Our waiter was top notch. He made appropriate suggestions and was friendly, and the food was brought on time. We ordered the green chile pork cauldron and it was spectacular -just like all the other Yelp reviews say. She got the roast shrimp -way too salty and the shrimp was beyond chewy and rubbery; it was nearly inedible. The accompanying grits were terrific. I had the fillet with a crab and Bearnaise sauce - really good. No, REALLY GOOD. These guys do meat the right way. We also had a side of spinach with red onions. The flavor was strong and the spinach was freshly cooked. We had the choc lava cake with vanilla ice cream and it was good like all other choclavas around town. We had a hard time giving RF distinguishing remarks. It's all pretty darn good, but we are in the age of asking, 'so what?' when something is just pretty darn good. I recommend RF even though the total experience is a bit forgettable.
5	Myself and my husband absolutely love this place.  My husband does a lot of business dinners and always suggests this place for the dinners.  We have eaten here a lot and have had excellent feedback with each visit.You won't go wrong bringing a date, business partner, client, parent etc...You can be dressed up or in a nice pair of jeans and fit in just right.
4	Thanks to Donald S for organizing a UYE happy hour!  So glad I came back.  Dawn took care of our group last night and did a fantastic job!  The manager even stopped by and chatted with us about Yelp.  Will definitely return!
3	Very nice place but the food was too heavy on the butter and oil.  A few artistic options on the menu make it worth a try but will not be on my list of repeats.
5	You can't go wrong with what you order, but at least once you have to try their "Big Ass Burger". What more can you say when ordering a "Big Ass Burger".  An enormous juicy seasoned all meat patty stacked high garnished with the freshest tomato, lettuce and onion with optional bacon, cheese and  a hot pepper on a toasted bun. It is served with fresh cut french fries. You can also substitute with their famous green chili macaroni and cheese. It is such a hit item on the happy hour menu, that they added it to the main dining room menu.  The bar fills up so fast so early so you still have the option to order the burger in the dining room.  If you get a chance to sit at the bar you can try the homemade beef jerky while you wait.
5	This place is great. The food is unique and savory. The menu is small, but terrific. I've never had a bad experience here. This place is a bit spendy, but go for Happy Hour to get a deal. Show up early as this place is popular! If you really enjoy the dining experience, this is a place to go for sure.
5	DR Pepper-based BBQ sauce? Hmmmm! Try the Roasted and Smoked Long Bone Rib with Chile Cheese Grits. Everytime, I go to Scottsdale, at least one meal is at the Roaring Fork. This restaurant is a local's favorite and is tucked away on the bottom floor of a large glass office building. Inside, the restaurant beautiful southwest-style, dark and in the back are are all of their awards, accolades and a map of Colorado's Roaring Fork River from which the name is derived. If you aren't starving and decide to eat a more reasonable amount of food, their Rainbow Trout has always been great. Every entree is wood-fire roasted and you can see these ovens as you stroll through the restaurant. Last, RF has a great wine list and their service has been consistently great!
5	You know, after decades of different restaurant experiences from pasta just outside the Vatican, Antipasti in Bologna, fish and chips in a London pub, Haggis in Edinburgh........pierogies and kielbasa in Chicago's Polish 'hood, Seattle's Pike's Place, Gilroy Garlic Festival, Hatch Chile Fest....I could go on and on...Sooooo...Roaring Fork-if I had to pick a quintessential Arizona restaurant, this would be it.  It's cowboy/Southwest but just superbly prepared and served.  The staff is more than accomodating, and everyone in our party just had the best experience.I'm this .[read index finger and thumb about a quarter inch apart]. far from duplicating their green chile pork MWWWWWWWWAHAHAHA!!  :)  Seriously, this dish is killer and a must try!!T out!
4	Roaring Fork is running their happy hour from 4 - 10 p.m. all summer long.  I hadn't been in since Robert McGrath sold the restaurant, and was in the bar two nights last week.  I had the green chili pork which still rocks.  The service was fantastic the first night.  Couldn't make a complaint even if I was in a horrible mood and looking to.  The second night, our server was unable to take our food and drink order (in the bar) at the same time. That being said, they haven't changed the menu or tried to cut any corners on quality since McGrath left.   I'll definitely be in soon again.
4	I came here for happy hour and left a happy camper. Everything on the menu sounded great and we finally decided on the queso con carnitas and the big ass burger. The appetizer was very flavorful the only thing I didn't like is that there was more meat than queso so it was kind of hard to eat. The big ass burger was the best burger I have ever had. It came with chipotle mayo that wasn't very flavorful but the burger didn't need anything added on to it. The meat was amazing and melted in your mouth. I ate half of the burger and was full for the rest of the night.
4	Love it!Quality food!Good grub!Good service!
3	The food took awhile to come, but it was decent.  We had the Dr. Pepper Short Ribs and the Dr. Pepper Baby Back Ribs.  The meat was cooked well but it was not seasoned well.  The chili macaroni cheese was not very memorable either.  The server was attentive and the manager did drop by to check on the table which was nice.  But we suspect this may be because it was low season.
5	When we finally arrived after a glitch with our GPS we were very happy campers.   The  hostess was very welcoming and the service was excellent from start to finish.  The green chili mac and cheese was excellent as was the shrimp cocktail--the shrimp were huge and very fresh.  My Dr Pepper ribs were excellent and very tender.  My daughter had the grilled shrimp over grits which she also loved.
4	Great dinner spot for a group
3	I have been hearing about this place for a few years now. I finally made it in tonight. A friend suggested we try their summer menu. It is a 3 course meal for $25 dollars. It was a wonderful selection and a huge serving. The food was yummy. All three of us got the trout and were all pleased with it. It was a huge portion. The shrimp cocktail was also a large portion. The bar here was much busier than the dining room because they are known for a great happy hour. The decor of the dining room was a little stuffy. That would be my main complaint. Our server was wonderful. Very attentive and helpful. We were not there for a special ocassion but we did walk past a table with a sign that said "Happy Anniversary" from Roaring Fork with a red long stem rose. I thought it was a nice touch and worth mentioning. I will have to ckeck out the happy hour next time. Otherwise, unless it is a set menu like tonight, I don't think I would eat in the main dining room again.
5	I attended a corporate dinner at Roaring Fork.  We were seated outside and the misters were on, I was sitting closer to the door inside and the misters were perfect for keeping it cool enough, but others on the outer skirts of the patio (closer to the actual misters) were sopping wet.  I guess it's better than sweating?The dinner entree was a menu choice of 3 proteins: chicken fried steak, steamed fish or an 8oz. filet-- I had the filet, it was excellent and cooked perfectly to order (medium).  We had shrimp cocktail to start and that was sooo good!  Giant succulent shrimp with an amazing, salsa-ish cocktail sauce.  Really, it was just wonderful.  Ended the meal with a creme brulee that knocked my socks off, errr heels since I wasn't wearing socks to begin with. Service was friendly, fast and helpful.  Roaring Fork was an excellent choice for this dinner party.  Oh, I can't forget to mention the cornbread-like biscuits in the bread basket, those were delicious.
4	I've always passed this restaurant when I'm being driven down scottsdale and I finally decided to stop there since its so close to Optima condos. I have to say, it was pretty good. Atmosphere was great and food was too. I suggest going there for happy hour and getting their macaroni and cheese. Or tortilla soup. Both are very delicious.Nice work for a location trapped by offices
3	We went for happy hour one weekday and ordered a glass of wine, mojito, and a burger. Happy hour prices were good, the burger was pretty good, but very big, my husband & I shared it, and were full for the rest of the evening. We found Roaring Fork to be about a 3.5 stars, it was good but not great.
2	So boring, skip this review now. My waiter needed training in basic portions. When you ask the waiter how large the portion is of a certain dish and they respond, "large enough that 4 people should be satisfied", you tend to think that is enough for one person. Well I was so disappointed in the portion size and the blandness of my dish that I couldn't even muster an emotion. I just wanted to cry because of the outrageous price I was going to pay for such a sad meal. Sure I could have called the manager over and he would have made sure everything was taken care of and that I would be back again to give them another shot. But really, besides the name of the restaurant, I can not think of another reason to come back. The food was so-so. The atmosphere was like anything I would expect from a corporate concept restaurant. If you like boring corporate cookie cutter ideas... this is your place. If you like an artist with a passion, please try any thriving mom and pop. The macaroni and cheese is so-so. Save your money and steal some kids mac & cheese or go to Vig or Sauce. boring!!!!
5	This is a fancy fine dining restaurant with a casual feel. The food is definitely under priced. For most of the summer, drinks are cheap and food is half off for the all day happy hour to entice the locals. During the winter, you can't get into this place. It is packed, so reservation is recommend. The food is described as American Southwest. The best three choices to have for the first visit. Is the Famous "BIG_ASS" Burger, Green Chile Pork Stew, & Lamb Fondue. These choices will hit the spot and hit the wallet for 10 bucks with tip a person.
4	We went here for dinner tonight because it was Arizona Restaurant week and they had a special menu.  They were offering an appetizer, entree, and dessert  for $29 a person.  Unlike other restaurants, the items on this special menu were some of the same on their regular menu and really represented an outstanding value.We both had the Yucatan Shrimp Coctail.  One would have been enough to share but we each had eight very large, succulent, and very tasty shrimps.  I had the Mahi-Mahi Tacos, which were excellent and the other person with me, had the Dr. Pepper Shortribs, which were tasty but a bit too fatty and heavy. Dessert was pretty good but we could barely eat it since we were stuffed.  If there was one shortcoming, the food came out too quickly.  I noticed it was the same for all the other tables as well.  The appetizer came out right away and before I know it, the entree comes out. Slow it down!  It seemed like just a few minutes after we finished the entree, the desert came out. Needless to say, I felt the dining experience was too rushed.Also, when we arrived, the dining room was virtually empty so I am not sure why they seated us and the 4 other groups of people who came in afterwards all in the back room.  It was a bit odd, being in this room full with other people and seeing the main dining area, which in my opinion was much nicer being empty.The staff however were all very gracious and friendly and as the food was really very good, I would definitely return again.
5	We had our company xmas party at the roaring fork last year and I must say that it was a pretty good spread. We had the back room all to ourselves which was really nice, and we had tons of appetizers as we mingled and chatted with drinks in hand. What the appetizers were, I do not remember, but I do remember that it was alot of food. Next we were seated for dinner and mind you I was a little stuffed from the appetizers but alas I took one for the team and made sure to partake in dinner. We had a caesar salad to start, I ordered the filet mignon and of course the chocolate brownie for dessert. We also had a huge bowl of the mac and cheese to share at the table and I tell you that was some good mac and cheese. Cheesy and spicy! What more can a girl ask for.  Will have to go and visit that place again soon.
5	The DR Pepper-BBQ really hooked me the last 2 times, and I went back on a mission to try more seafood. This time I had the steelhead, which is seasonal and was the fish of the day. 2 words: Incredible Dish! And, I so-needed something other than beef as we were down for Fall  baseball and entertaining my nephew who's a Steak-eater. He deviated from beef and went for the fried chicken, claiming this may have been the best he's ever had. Pretty huge recommendation for a guy who played in the South. We also tried the green mac and cheese which was excellent, though no one really needed another carb. (My bad, I just wanted to taste it!)Again, great service and the wonderful food make this place a "must stop" whenever one travels to Scottsdale.
4	The place has won several awards for its happy hour and each accolade is well deserved.  Enjoy some great discounted dishes in the company of rich mahogany and the Scottsdale "jet set".  The place is pretty "corporate" but that shouldn't prevent you from, at the very least, hitting it up for some happy hour.  If you have more time and a bigger expense account stick around and try the DR. Pepper ribs.
3	Does anyone else think that writing these multiple reviews makes you tougher and tougher to please?  Am I being tough or is it that all these restaurants seem so much alike?  I liked this restaurant.  The food was good.  The waiter, Kevin, was great.  But, geezuz, I didn't think there was really anything special about it.  I guess it will go into my "count on them for consistency" file more so than my "new and different" file.
4	I like green chile. I like mac and cheese. So, clearly I'm ordering green chile mac and cheese. And luckily I'm enjoying it immensely thanks to Roaring Fork. Other foods I tried included the white bean soup (made with a pork base which made it pretty much delicious) and shrimp and grits. Were these any old grits you ask? Funny you ask because no is the answer. They were corn grits, which sounds odd and is mighty tasty.The atmosphere here is warm and cabin-y. It seems like a great place to scoot in close to your date and get involved in a romantic dinner. Equally, I saw a few ladies groups there toasting each other with glasses of wine and sharing appetizers. It's one of those places that most groups don't feel out of place in.Overall, I'd say this is a bit of an upscale place, but not so fancy that you have to save it for special occasions. Unless, you're like me and treat everyday like a special occasion. ;-)
5	Awesome food! Possibly the best restaurant fare I have ever eaten of any cuisine. Had the mixed market greens salad, rack of lamb, grits, mashed potatoes, green chili macaroni and cheese, and boysenberry bread pudding for dessert. The tastes of all were just intense and pleasing. Place has an upscale feel to it, but the food is down-to-earth and high-quality. Wished I lived in Phoenix for a go-back real soon. Will have to wait until my next trip up. Will probably have to make sure I have reservations, though. Very popular place, it appears.
5	Five stars because it's a place were comfort food meets a classy and friendly atmosphere, meets a perfect and very attentive service. The duck breast was spectacular, I'd totally recommend having the duck. It took them longer than expected to bring us the starters and they came separately, and they took them off the bill. We were definitely delighted by great food and a great service.
4	I worked with Elliott to plan a going away party for my best friend at RF. He was very accomodating and easy to work with. The prix fixe menu is a great value, the food was delicious (especially the carnitas!!!) and the service was great. We were seated "outside" on the enclosed patio and even though it was very chilly out, the heaters, fireplace and a few cocktails kept us nice & toasty.  The one downer is their POS system does not easily split bills. It all has to be split evenly amongst all the cards and there was some confusion betw paying with cash & cards, but eventually, it all got worked out.
5	My wife and I celebrated our 28th anniversary. Started of the Charles Krug sparkling champagne. My wife ordered the Lamb Shank, which I had the last time we came. (GO GET EM' BABE) and I had the sugar cure Smoked Duck breast which was sliced and surrounded the center of green vegetables. Our sides included the "Green Chile Mac & Cheese" which is the best and grilled asparagus. MMMM....YUMMY. And for dessert the Mexican vanilla bean Brulee. After that sumptuousmeal we had to push ourselves away from the table.The service was excellent and always checking to see if we needed anything. Our water glasses were always kept full.If it wasn't for the champagne, our meal would have been under $65.
5	The absolute highest creativity and quality you'll find in Scottsdale.  All the regular items are wonderful and the rotating dishes like the BLT salad are outstanding.  The ribs - YES.  The barbequed chicken - OH YEAH.  The green chile mac and cheese - HMMMM.  In the dining room or bar (best deals), you'll love it.
5	I went to roaring fork for a Sunday night happy hour with my husband and had a great time.  I had a glass of wine $5 and my husband had a mojito $5.  We spilt the happy hour cheese burger and guacamole, both were yummy, but we regretted not ordering the happy hour rotisserie chicken. It looked delicious and was a nice sized portion! I'm definitely going to go back and give it a try.  You have to sit at the bar to get the happy hour prices, but the ambiance there is just as nice as sitting in the main portion of the restaurant and the service was still very attentive.
5	This might be my favorite restaurant in Arizona. Their green chili pork is to die for. Their bar scene is so cozy and relaxed. The service is great. The happy hour is awesome.
5	I just love the Roaring Fork!!!  I have been here countless times and every time has been a wonderful experience!!!  They have a nice big restaurant with two large patios. Warm ambiance. The food is spectacular...I loved the fish tacos..oh and that mac and cheese with the green chilies..MMMMM!!!  Great drinks and great service too!!
4	Good food. Nice atmsophere. We are in our 30s and felt quite young compared to the other patrons.
5	Well well well, the mighty fork has roared! We had never been here before, but we thought we would try it out for Valentines Day since it was nicer than your average restaurant, but still not too dressy or formal. The whole staff was impeccable, they handed out roses to the ladies as they walked in and the manager and assistant manager went around the restaurant asking people how their meal was and if everything was okay. Okay, now on to the food! We decided to try the prime rib and Dr. Pepper baby back ribs for our main course and we also got a side of green chili mac and cheese, which we had heard rave reviews about. The prime rib was so tender and juicy and the baby back ribs were sweet and meaty. The ribs came with fries that were nice and crispy and the green chili mac was so tasty and flavorful, definitely a must try. We usually don't finish all of our food when we go out, but the meal was so delicious that we finished every bite on our plates and even licked our fingers clean when we were done! We even managed to stuff down some Huckleberry bread pudding for dessert that was just as amazing as the rest of the meal. I know that we will definitely be coming back here again to try some of the other items on the menu. 4.75/5
5	When I got here what was roaring was my stomach! It had been a long day and after unwinding a tad at the Fairmont we headed here for a special birfday dinner. We hung out in the bar area while waiting for our table. Immediate service... woot. woot. What? Table ready early? woot. woot. woot. Drinks were brought to our table and we examined the menu. I was having a difficult time deciding on what to get until I saw the RF Mixed Grill... Baby Back Ribs, Bacon wrapped Quail and Prawns. Roasted Corn side with a dollop of mashed potatoes.. look no further I am sold. The prawns were slightly over cooked but that did not bother me as the quail was friggin awesome. I am noticing a bacon theme here in Scottsdale and I endorse it 125%. The boyfriend got the teriyaki cedar plank salmon which was inhaled in seconds. The lamb shank is ridiculously huge... it looks like a turkey leg on steroids. I had a bite and it was also well cooked (not super gamy in taste). The grilled asparagus side is huge and can easily be shared between 2-3 people. Dessert... Creme Brulee how I love you so.... the birfday girl got a Mexican Vanilla Creme Brulee and it was perfect... the custard was sweet but not too sweet and the brulee was a wonderful golden brown thin layer of crispy sugar goodness. Extensive wine list, classic and infusion mixed drinks. I suggest making reservations.. this place is consistently packed.
5	This place gets an A+It's got everything you want from a contemporary American place:1.  Traditional fare done right (Ceasar salads, Ribs, Shrimp)2.  Unique, new offerings (Deep Fried Avocado + Crab? Yum!)3.  Local flare (Southwestern spirit)4.  Fresh seafood, tender meat, ripe avocados5.  Great cocktail varietyAs of this posting I have visited the roaring fork twice and loved it both times.  Their Ceasar salad ranks among my favorites, not only because of the dressing's perfect consistency but also because of the homemade cornbread croutons (they are almost good enough on their own).  The Mahi Mahi Fish Tacos are ...  well I don't have words to describe how much I loved them.  Fish was warm, fresh, and perfectly fell apart upon biting, with a zesty chipotle dressing and all the accoutrement included and prepared for easy consumption.Shrimp Cocktail, Ahi Tuna with Crackers, and Green Chile Pork Kettle.  All good.  And loved the fried avocado and crab.  I mean really.  This place has nailed modern cuisine by serving up dishes that intrigue and satiate the palate.Rinse it down with a nice Sweet Carolina (Sweet Tea Vodka + Lemonade), or enjoy one of their many margaritas. I look forward to future visits.
4	This was by far the best meal I had in Scottsdale. The service was excellent and the food was delicious. Our table had salads, the scallop appetizer, trout, shrimp and the swordfish special. And of course, the green chile mac & cheese and the asparagus sides. There was not a complaint among us -- and we're a picky group. Everything was cooked to perfection and the flavors were amazing together. We had notning bad to say about this restaurant! The server recommended terrific wines and was knowledgeable and attentive. I will absolutely go back to this restaurant when I'm in town again. It was a great experience.
4	we met friends from seattle who were in town and said we want to go to a hoyty toyty scottsdale restaurant so i had a week to decide my wife and i had not been to the r f but had heard good things ...it's all true we just had apps and drinks big ass burg   yummy flatbread w/topping lamb pops ..........excellent service
4	Man, they get you in and out!Ordered:  BBQ Baby Back ribs..4.0 / 5.0Ordered:  Green Chili Pork Stew 2.5 / 5.0French Fries were cold, Pork stew was dry.  Drinks were surprisingly small. Wait service very, almost too efficient.  In and out in 45 minutes.Make sure you get everything you need when your waiter shows up because you'll likely not see them again.  Not sure I'd return on my own, but if someone wanted to go, I'd go.
4	Worth a visit. This is good food, not good people watching. Think: Colorado take on southwestern food. Ate: Pork Green Chili app. Grub. Little kettle of the stuff with four fresh made tortillas that arrive folded in a white paper bag - hot. 4.7/5 for flavor, quantity, value, and presentation. "Big Ass Burger."  All made in house. Even the bun and fries. I don't think they keep the cattle there though. Burger was loosely packed, over-cooked, and a bit salty for my taste. But I am a critic. Jen thought it was average too. Also now $13 - was $10 6 mos ago according to other reviews. 2.75/5"Huckleberry Bread Pudding."  Whoa. Like a hot gooey berry muffin with Ice-Cream. Awesome. Jen thinks it might be her favorite dessert of all time. 5/5We were a little worried when we saw all the snow-birds in their ivy caps and studded mom jeans. Turned out to be just fine - and the service was pretty special for how reasonably priced everything was. Portions were serious - Jen and I shared everything and were stuffed. Can't imagine orgering your own app, entre, and dessert. No way. Sorry about the typos. It's bright out here in the Scottsdale sun by the pool...
4	The Fork That Roared.For some reason, maybe due to the name, I thought this restaurant would be just a step above a Chili's or a TGIF--that is to say, a chain restaurant. I should have known better, however, since Lynn W. selected RF for her birthday dinner--and she has excellent taste.The basket of assorted breads was a fantastic way to start the meal. And the seared scallop appetizer was worthy of a good old-fashioned plate licking--but I abstained. When my pork tenderloin arrived my stomach jumped in anticipation. The tenderloin stretched the breadth of my plate, anchored by a dollop of cheesy grits, and topped with grilled corn and a wonderful sweetly tart sauce. The pork was very tender and cooked until it was rosy in the middle, as I had requested. I never order pork in restaurants because I'm always afraid it will be dry. But after eating each delicious bite of this tenderloin, I will certainly start ordering more pork.I skipped dessert because I was so full. Instead I sat and marveled at how good the food is at Roaring Fork and took in my surroundings. The ambiance confused me a little, I'll admit, as I couldn't tell if it was supposed to be a fine dining restaurant or something more casual. Regardless, everything I ate was delicious, and everyone in our party agreed. I would definitely recommend this restaurant and will happily eat here again.Plus there's the bonus of being able to play with the branding iron in front of the rotisserie in the entryway when it's late and nobody's watching. ;)Rawr.
4	If you're a meat and potatoes sort of person like I am, The Roaring Fork will do you just fine. While I'm sure this is the trendiest of eateries in town (I was the youngest person at happy hour by about 10 years!), the Old West spirit of simple, wood-fired grub is both timeless and ageless. Named after a river in Colorado, thing big and gutsy, and that translates to fall-off-the-bone baby back ribs (smothered in a Dr. Pepper bbq sauce, no less), green chile mac 'n cheese, and smashed potatoes. The food here is meant to satiate and stuff, in all the right ways. My only regret was not trying their infamous "Big Ass Burger" but that just leaves room for another visit one day.P.S. If you can handle it, figure out a way to try their Pineapple Cornmeal Upside Down Cake; I'm not sure if it really embodies the Southwest or anything, but it sure tastes good!
4	I've had the pleasure of enjoying a delicious meal at the Roaring Fork in Austin and this one, conveniently located across from my Hotel (Firesky) is just as good.Our party of 8 started with lots of apps. Everyone was super psyched to try the green chili, but I just found it so-so.  However, the mac and cheese was unbelievable. Unfortunately, I don't think many other people at the table got to it because I devoured most of it. Oops.  Their guac totally hit the spot too.I was pretty full after the apps, but still had some fish tacos coming my way.  Three generous sized flour tacos filled with fish, veggies and rice. I found more room in my tummy for these! It turned out I needed to find additional room in my stomach because the manager was sweet enough to send out a few comp desserts for our table. You can't go wrong with any of their desserts, but the pineapple cake (apparently a favorite of the Manager's wife) was the best.  Days later I'm still full from my delicious meal at Roaring Fork, but I'm looking forward to filling up again the next time I'm in Phoenix.
3	Good meal, but the service was terribly, terribly slow.  They were quite busy, but several other tables that were seated well after us received their main course before we even had our salads and soup.
4	Though a couple of hiccups could've ruined the night, Roaring Fork took great care of my boyfriend and me and the food was delicious to boot (ha, boot. Get it? cuz it's western? Never mind).We were surprised at how busy they were on a Tuesday night, but we were able to snag a table on their beautiful covered patio. The atmosphere was nice, and i was surprised at the range of patrons (a family of 5 with 3 fairly young children at one table, and a 10-top of blue hairs right next to us). Our server Charlie was very nice and helpful when it came to selections (from wine to food). We are trying out places in prep for a family visit, so we want to make sure we get a good sapling of the menu.We ordered a bottle of sauv blanc, and though the wine was delicious, it took about the half the meal for Charlie to bring out the marble chiller. Thankfully the wine started out pretty cold, so no harm no foul. I orderd a bowl of tortilla soup (one of my faves) and I was impressed witht he presentation and taste. The bring the bowl with the chicken and tortilla strips out then pour the broth from a pot right at your table. Helps keep the tortilla strips crisp and was a great presentation. The soup was delicious, though a little creamier than i normally like my tortilla soup. We also ordered the seared ahi with guac and THAT was amazing. The pepitas crackers were delicious and interesting and the ahi was perfect. Great app for sure. Plus, the bread and butter were super delicious too. Garlic biscuits, mini corn bread and pepper butter? so good!For entrees the boyfriend ordered the bacon wrapped pork loin over grits and I ordered the signature Dr. Pepper BBQ Baby Back Ribs. We subbed fries for asparagus and green beans and ordered an extra side of their green chile mac and cheese. I know, a lot of food, but we planned on taking most of it home. Here's where it got interesting. Or should I say, boring. So far everything (except the chiller) had been delivered timely and was tasty. But when we realized we'd been waiting 30 mintues or so for our entrees to come (after they'd taken away our apps), it started to get a little annoying. After about 40-45 mintues, the manager came over and leet us know our tray of food had been dropped and had to be re-made. No problem! I understand accidents happen. But i think it would've done a lot to smooth us over if they'd told us right away the spill had happened rather than waiting until we were about eat the burger off the table next to us. RF did recognize the inconvenience though and completely took care of us when the bill came. So props to them for that, and we didn't even complain or ask for any special treatment.When the food finally arrived, the ribs were OUTSTANDING. the sauce was perfect, not to sweet, not to flat. And the meat was literally falling off the bone. The veggies were all good, but the really show-stopper was the mac and cheese. The crumble top was delicious and the cheese was melted and runny but not stringy or clumpy. Spicy from the green chiles but perfectly reasonable. I want another kettle of them right now. So good. The boyfriends dinner was also good, but i think my ribs and the mac and cheese were really the best part.We boxed everything up and ordered the huckleberry bread pudding to go. I was disappointed they no longer do the pineapple upside down cake, which so many yelpers have recommended, but I loved the bread pudding as a substitute. the buttery sauce didn't reheat very well at home, but it was still very very good and the ice cream was a perfect complement. I would totally order it again. Like a muffin fresh from the oven, still a little gooey.Overall, i loved the food and the staff was really apologetic bout the "incident". The atmosphere is great and i would definitely come back. Next time, the burger!
4	Yelp guided us to another yummy dinner in AZ. We tried to find a place that would have some delicious and yet sensible options and just could not get past the good reviews and a few of the OH SO GOOD sounding menu options. We both knew what we were going to order before we even left the hotel. This place in is an office building complex off Goldwater and Scottsdale Blvd. Our GPS took us a funny route, but we avoided all the craziness of a Friday night in downtown Scottsdale. We did make a reservation, and glad we did, as it was quite crowded inside and out when we arrived. The patio is first come first served, so that could have been an option. It was a little chilly, and the patio was full, so we waited about 5 minutes from our arrival to be seated inside. The menu looked great. Some rather creative dishes with a southern/comfort food type flare. Lots of pulled meats and ribs and spices. YUM. I had already chosen a dish based on reviewers comments, but the menu did look so appetizing that I was tempted to change. Instead, I just added a Waldorf chicken salad to my order to go with the green Chile Pork appetizer. SG was not swayed by the menu, though he did agree that lots of items looked great. He ordered the Dr Pepper BBQ sauce Rack of Ribs. These are country style and the meat literally falls off the bone. We were quickly brought out some sweet warm rolls with butter and a chipotle butter spread. Creative for sure. The rolls were so fresh and tasty. The Green Chile Pork came out first in the coolest little cast iron kettle. It was served with tortillas, though I do not think it needed them at all. We each had some and saved some to have the next day. WOW, delicious. A little spicy. Very tender and just good. I could have had only this and been perfectly content. (Once I put this aside a server came and offered to box it up for us, talk about on the ball!) The main courses came, ironically the salad for me and the ribs for SG. Everything looked great. The server/kitchen took extra special care to put things on the side for me, which I really appreciate. My Waldorf was great. It had egg, mixed lettuces, dates, apples, grapes, and huge pieces of pulled chicken breast. The onion dressing was the perfect addition to this salad and it was just great. SG found that the meat was very fatty and spent a great deal of time cutting off the fat. This is understandable on ribs, but a bit frustrating when almost half the meat is fat. The sauce also was not as Dr Peppery as he had hoped, but still good. The meat was very tender and quite good, but for $25, he thought it could be better. Overall this place is a 4+, not quite a 5. The service was excellent. The staff is very helpful and great. The owner even came by to make sure everything was to our liking. Nice touch. There are lots of restaurants to try in the area, but we would definitely come here again. Make sure to make a reservation (especially during spring training.)
5	After reviewing Yelp comments, my husband & I visited last week. We had an amazing dining experience. Service was excellent, cocktails yummy and food delicious. We had lamb shank, babyback ribs (both were fall off the bone) and sides. Green chile mac & cheese was amazing and the roasted asparagus was cooked perfectly. Can't wait to revisit next spring training!!
5	Yelp did us right by this restaurant. We initially tried to eat here for lunch, and found out they only serve dinner. So we came back for dinner the next night. The service was good and the burgers were huge! You can't go wrong with dinner here!
5	For my birthday this year, my wonderful friends from San Jose flew in and hung out with me!!  I couldn't have enjoyed this dinner more!!  We all had a really lovely dinner.  The service was great, the food was delish and, in my opinion, the company was awesome!!  And we still got in on Happy Hour before we were seated.  When I was growing up my favorite food was my Mom's fried chicken.  So my birthday dinner was always fried chicken and mashed potatoes.  Needless to say it's been years since I've had that meal on my birthday so I was pleasantly surprised when I found fried chicken on the menu at Roaring Fork.  Of course I had to have it!  And it did not dissappoint.  First off it was a huge chicken breast with a wonderful crunchy coating.  It was fork tender and served on a bed of loaded mashed potatoes and gravy.  YUM!!!  I was a very happy birthday girl.  My friends have also written reviews.  Julie K and Vicky T both loved their experience as well.  I am glad since I chose where I wanted to go for my birthday.  I had read the reviews and the Roaring Fork was high on my list of places to try.  I'm glad I chose it.  The atmosphere is a big steak house like but still intimate.  I totally enjoyed my birthday dinner at the Fork!!  I can't wait to go back.  I know I'll think that I'm going to try something else but I'm sure the lure of that fried chicken will be too much.  Somebody stop me!!
3	Pretty good delivery of traditional fare. Gotta point out the Fish Taco's as exceptional. Rating would be higher but the service is inconsistent.
4	the must haves:fish tacos esp the mahi mahitheir pork shoulder-carnitas stylechips and salsa w/ queso-appetizerthe huckleberry margaritawhat the heck is a huckleberry? i asked the waiter. he couldn't give me a good explanation but it was probably one of the yummiest margaritas i've ever had. the restaurant was beautiful, nicely lit. not the best of places in scottsdale to do some people watching, but the bar was packed with a variety of people of all backgrounds and ages. they have a pretty kick butt happy hour menu and everything i tried was fantastic. service was so-so, maybe we caught the guy on the wrong day....all in all....one of my new favs in scottsdale.
4	Atmosphere -4/5Service- 5/5 -- a nicely dressed manager came around and made sure  everything was okay; the waiter cleared the crumbs from our  table twice. We shared  dishes, they split our plates without us even asking them to.  The service was better than a lot of haute cuisine places we've gone to. Food-4/5---  we love the "big ass' burger, the cheese grits with jalepeno was surprisingly delish.We like RF a lot, has one of the best burgers in Phx.We like to catch the happy hour someday.
3	I gave roaring fork 3 stars because although it was expensive, I felt that the food was mediocre and the portions were small.  My friend's boyfriend is a chef there and she had recommended the restaurant.  I can't complain but it wasn't anything I'd write home about.  I will suggest the Dr. Pepper prime rib, It was excellent, very flavorful!
4	This has long been a favorite of ours. We have been here every time that we visit from Baltimore. The food has always been exceptional. This last visit had been quite disappointing, however. The food was bland, the shrimp weren't cooked properly, an the temperature of our dishes was cold. This was the only disappointment, so instead of 5 stars we will give this a 4.
5	Huckleberry margarita, incredible fish tacos, insane ahi tuna with homemade guacamole. This place rocks. Throw in your typical Scottsdale eye candy and the night is complete.
4	So I have been to Roaring Fork twice and the second time saved it in my opinion. I went last year for my birthday with a group of 10 and didn't get the best service. However much like Gabi M. the Sunday night Happy Hour has won me over. After a day by the pool my buddy and I were driving around trying to think of somewhere different in Old Town to eat. Now we are wearing board shorts and not dressed for your typical night at RF but we gave it a shot anyway. We walked in and sat right at the bar. We were greeted by bartender Ryan who was awesome. He offered us the great happy hour menu which included some of the better Green Chile Stew I have had $5 glasses of wine that you can't beat. We had 6 glasses total and an entree each and our bill was $35, you can't beat that. If you are looking for a well priced meal with a good server head to RF and ask for Ryan behind the bar you won't be disappointed.
4	Checked it out for Happy Hour yesterday.Get there early because it gets packed!  We managed to swipe a table in the back.  Good service!  Margaritas were tasty and cheap.  The Big Ass Burger is BIG.  I don't think I could finish it on my own, and I am a burger guy!  We split it in quarters and shared it.  It was delish!What else?  The pork stew thing was my favorite and the Lamb Chop fondue dish was decadent!I would say it is a bit more pricey than most Happy Hours, but then again, the quality is pretty high!The crowd was a little more...  conservative than I normally like but all good right?
5	Been to location in North Austin .... this is just as good.Great drinks, helpful waiter and phenomenal chicken flat bread.  Reasonable cost for the environment and treatment.  Food is outstanding and employees seem to care about what they do.Rest room is a long jaunt but nothing is perfect.  Well worth the trip and your money.
1	Got the RFmixed grill and the chicken was blood rare. Be sure to check your food because there not! The ribs taste and look like they have been parboiled seasoned and then tossed on the grill for a few minutes. The Elgin sausage was very fatty/greasy. Not worth $24! No way. My wife had the Carnitas. The pork was tough. It could have been cooked for a few hours longer. I smoke mine for 12-13 hours. This happens when places get too big. They start worrying about the quantity and the quality suffers. We did enjoy the Fried Avocado and Crabspicy crab remoulade and chives and the Rotisserie Chicken Flatbread roasted chiles and pepper jack. If you like the western dark atmosphere and I mean dark! They kept playing with the lights! I thought that I was having a stroke! Have a drink and some appetizers. Skip the entrees! We went to the Blue Adobe the day after and it was 10 times better and less than half the price.
4	Okay, the Kettle of Green Chili Pork is reason enough to come here. Every once in a while you find something both unique and outstanding that has no remote competition anywhere else and this is one of those menu items. I want to take some of this home with me!The assortment of breads at the table was a very welcome addition and though my choice of entree was about average (the Slow Smoked Baby Back Ribs) there are plenty of other things on the menu I would come back to try when having another Kettle of Green Chili Pork.From being out of town I did have to go for the Prickly Pear Mojito as well - a nice refreshing local twist that ads a touch to a classic and does not go as far as to turn it into something else.
5	Wow!  That's what kept coming to mind while having dinner at Roaring Fork.  Everything, including the service was incredible!  I had the tortilla soup and the chicken literally fell apart in my mouth.  I ordered the carnitas and it was the best I have ever had.  My husband had the pork tenderloin and it was incredible!  There really is nothing we had that needed any improvement.  This place is definitely a new favorite!
4	This was my 2nd dining experience at Roaring Fork and was very impressed (the 2nd time around)!! Our server was very nice and helpful with our drink selection along with our food selection. I must say if you come here and you don't get the Green Chili Pork you are missing out on life!! It is so yummy!!
3	As far as food goes, this place was a solid 4. Service was a 2. We initially sat outside, but moved in since it took a lot of time to even get a glass of water. Once inside, we spent even more time waiting for someone to bring us the full menus. Apparently they could only spare two for our table. The bathrooms were far away... A little strange. We ordered beers and received chilled (nice) but 6 ounce (weird) glasses.On the plus side the food was excellent.  The green chili pork appetizer was very good as was the dr. Pepper short ribs.
4	We finally stopped in for Happy Hour and were impressed.  We ordered the Big Ass Burger and the Green Chile Pork stew based on recommendations here and both were excellent.  Portions are huge - we ended up taking half of it home.Excellent drinks and very friendly professional service.  We also liked the warm and inviting atmosphere in the bar.  Great value too - we were out the door for thirty bucks.
3	There is a lot to like about Roaring Fork, however a few hiccups lead me to a 3star review - with a couple fixes, I could easily add a star (maybe 2).  Went to Roaring Fork for happy hour last Friday.  It was a fairly warm day, although nothing like the summer days we've been having.  The bar was packed, so we opted for a spot on the patio.  We got there shortly before 5, so we were surprised that it was already that full.  That being said - easy fix, go earlier on a Friday.  The chairs out on the patio are fairly uncomfortable.  I'm not an enormous guy, but I'm also not 120lbs.  The narrow, weird shape of the patio chairs were fairly uncomfortable.  The women with us did not notice a problem - every guy did.The overall value is great for happy hour.  Most drink specials are $5!  $5 in Scottsdale.  Hard to beat.  The Sweet Carolina (?) was a combo of Sweet Tea Vodka and lemonade - just the right amount of sweetness, very tasty.  The guava mojitos were also a highlight.  Very tasty.  The wife enjoyed the huckleberry margaritas as well.  All $5.  The food was solid.  We shared the green chile pork with warm buttered tortillas.  I'm a bit of a tortilla snob so wasn't thrilled by the thicker (think Mission brand) flour tortillas, but the green chile was very good.  Not really spicy (would have been nice), but great flavor.  The best part of the food in my opinion, was the 1/2 rotisserie chicken with tortillas.  The chicken was perfectly tender, juicy and seasoned.  Great bird.  Service was somewhat slow - but they were jam-packed, and we were outside on a hot patio, so I suppose that can be overlooked.  While they were slow, they were very friendly, very helpful and overall pleasant - just needed to come around a bit more often.The restrooms, especially for the guys are a bit of a trek.  You walk all the way to the back of the restaurant, make like you're walking back into the office building.  Just before you re-enter the offices, you hit the women's bathroom.  The Men's restroom is actually back inside the office building - just a short walk down the hallway.  A little inconvenient, but let's be honest - I'm not going to count out a restaurant just because their restaurant isn't exactly where I want it.  I have legs, so I can walk.  Overall...3 stars.  I would definitely return.  I would love to sit inside and see if service improves.  I would also prefer to sit at a booth rather than outside on the patio chairs.  Apparently my giant ass was not meant to sit there.  The food and drink, not to mention the happy hour prices make this place more than worth it.
5	My absolute favorite place for happy hour, and during the summer happy hour lasts all night!!! I've never actually eaten dinner here because the happy hour food menu is enough to fill you up, but I think I've tried almost all the items on the happy hour menu and I would recommend every one: Ahi tacos, guacamole, green chile pork stew, big ass burger, seared ahi, lamb chops and fondue and the drink specials are all mouth wateringly delicious! Also, they have bleu cheese stuffed olives which top off an already perfect dirty martini. I'm in heaven in this place and go back often. The bar area isn't too large, but happy hour is offered on both patio areas also, one of which is screened in and cooled. Very reasonable prices for happy hour items also, especially for the quality and quantity you receive.
4	I realized when I looked around...Happy Hour is the new "Early-Bird" Dinner...seniors galore...enjoying the happy hour prices and five dollar wine...yes there were a few true happiy hours like me...looking for the buzz of fun people and great good and drink...And yes I achieved the great food and drink...nice five dollar cab...and then yummy tortilla soup...very pleasant service...lots of activity...would like a more trendy crowd....
4	Amazing food and drinks, but sadly a little too pricey for me...luckily someone else paid!I liked Roaring Fork because it has a wide range, yet short list, of food, good portions, cooked well, and I definitely got my moneys worth with the Huckleberry Margarita. The seared Ahi, green chili pork stew, and short ribs were delicious. I took off one star because the place was too dim, and we were with a few children, and this place is not kid friendly. And as usual, it just cost too much!
4	Been a long time since I was there but I was very pleased! The smoked duck and the jalapeno mac was great!
4	We were in Scottsdale and starving.... looked on Yelp for something yummy...   RF is located in an office park where Chapperal and Scottsdale cross.   We arrived around 6 PM on a Sunday evening.... they were having Happy hour until 10 PM in the Bar Area!  YEAH!  The only problem was finding our own seat among all of the other hawkers trying to get the next available table... the wait staff and hostesses do not seat people in the bar area it is fend for yourself!   We got a table after about a 15 min wait--- but I hated that 15 min because I felt like a stalker!  Anyway...the food was great!   My fiance and i shared the Big A** Burger and the Green Chili... I also had the huckleberry margarita... we also shared the Huckleberry Bread Pudding for dessert... everything was yum-o!  We also enjoyed conversations with some older couple who sat next to us and shared all of their fav happy hour places!   Our server was also great:)    We will try it again in the future for sure!
5	I found my favorite place to eat! This place is so gorgeous with beautiful settings and you can see the sunset through the mountain view at the patio. Wonderful dining experience. I love their Seared Ahi Tuna with Guacamole and Pepita crackers, Fondue with Lamb Chops, Green Chili Pork Tacos and Spitfire Rotisserie Chicken! Excellent! Their happy hour is until 7pm which gives you much time to drive all away here and enjoy the lovely dinner. I'm most impressed with the service! My waitress was very friendly and thoughtful. I forgot my card and she was running to the parking lot to find me. I definitely will come back soon to this place! ;D
4	Mmm mmm... Dr Pepper braised short ribs with cheesy grits and a side of green chile mac and cheese.  Would highly recommend both of those dishes.  I'm getting hungry thinking about it!  Nice outdoor seating area and great bar area inside.
4	This is a good restaurant.  From the service to the food and the atmosphere everything is really good.  If you haven't tried it, you should.  The braised Dr. Pepper Ribs are excellent.  The mac and cheese, delicious.  If you're into Southwest Cuisine than this is the place.  But, make a reservation, because if you don't you may not get a table--especially Thursday through Saturday.
5	Great service, delicious food, and the price is really not as expensive as the restaurant appears.Very nice looking restaurant in an mostly office building area.  As you step in, you are greeted warmly and professionally by the staff.  The decor is very nice and classy, and not overly pretentious.  There is a nice variety on their menu to please everyone.  Well maybe not everyone, I did not see if they had a good vegetarian selection but pretty much a good place to bring friends who dun eat certain meats, like beef or seafood.  I had their RF Mixed Grill, which I highly recommend to anyone.  It gives u a sampling of all that is good at this place.  U really cannot disapprove of baby back ribs, chicken, shrimp and sausage.  all nicely cooked in a wood fired grill.  And all for only 24 bucks.  thats actually very comparable to a dinner at many chain restaurants, like outback steakhouse or even olive garden but without the tackiness and crowd you find at a chain restaurant.We had a big group and everybody loved what they had, be it the buttermilk fried chicken, pork carnitas, or dr pepper baby back.  All were good and everyone were happy.  For appetiziers we had the really well cooked green chilli pork and, amazingly lamb chops and fondue.  I never knew fondue could be this good with lamb chops.  U would think an overwhelming combination as one is rich and the other oily, but it was really a tasty combo.I think folks who come here expecting mastro would be genuinely impressed with the excellent service and relatively lower price.  Definitely a place to come to for a change if you are someone who is bored of chains like outback or olive garden or buca di beppo.
5	Back again, as this Scottsdale charmer continues to have excellent food, great service and a elegant ambiance. Tried the flavored Margarita for the first time and was truly impressed. This continues to be the stand-out restaurant for Scottsdale.
4	Great food totally worth the extra few bucks you would save some where else. The restaurant is located on the bottom floor of an office building and unless you were looking for it, you would probably drive right past it. The prices on the menu can be a bit off putting but I would say worth it if you enjoy a good meal. As an appetizer we shared fried avocado, for no other reason than to try it. It came topped with fresh crab meat, the avocado is coated with an egg wash and then rolled in bread crumbs before its fried to produce a delightful this crust. I would definitely order that again. I had the sugar cured duck breast and my girlfriend had the bacon wrapped pork sirloin. I love duck and this one was very tasty, this particular piece had more fat on it than usual but no complaints. The cure cured skin was crispy and sweet. The tenderloin melted in our mouths, so ridiculously good.
3	Even tho' the food is outstanding, I was thinking of giving four stars, but, the dining experience was uneventful. What I mean by that is it felt to us that they wanted to serve the food, bring the check and get us on our way  out of there. This was our 29th Wedding Anniversary and we've been having it there for the past three years. The rose that they leave at the table has seen better days. It looked as if it was used several times before. I should have taken a picture of it.Our waiter never introduced himself and was not very attentive. The bus boys paid more attention to us by making sure the water glasses were filled and the empty dishes were removed.The chef sent us a pulled pork appetizer which had a lot of flavor.The food was GREAT...my wife had the filet mignon and I had the mixed grill with sides of mac n cheese and steak mushrooms. I had to take home the baby ribs and corn on the cob which I had the following day.To finish it off, we had coffee which my wife thought it was strong like a french roast.When the waiter brought the check, we had to ask him for coffee refills. WAKE UP!!! LOOK at our cups!!!
5	Roaring Fork has the triple threat: great cuisine, cozy/inviting setting and friendly service. If you drive by Roaring Fork, it looks unassuming and hidden within corporate America, but the second you step through the doors, it's an entirely different environment. I've always had an A-OK experience at Roaring Fork whether I'm sitting at the bar or patio and enjoying happy hour, or dining with the best of them in the dining room. But since those are two very separate experiences, I'll break them down. Roaring Fork's happy hour is lively, it's fun and it's reasonably priced. From $5 glasses of wine to a wide variety of food options for an average of $8 an item, it's a great option for a taste of excellent cuisine at a reasonable price. The bar-area is cozy and welcoming while the rotisserie turns in the background. I also love the front patio when the weather is just right. Dinner in the Roaring Fork dining room is a true treat. The indoor dining is intimate and warm and the outdoor patio is the perfect combination of eating outside in a covered patio that keeps you safe from the weather (should you eat there on a night when AZ actually gets weather!) An evening here is perfect on a winter night in Arizona or a summer night...it really doesn't matter, it's just dining at it's finest! The food is delicious. I first normally start with the Mojito. The kettle of green Chile pork is a must, especially if you haven't been here before. Be warned that it's a hearty way to begin a meal and could definitely suffice at its own meal! But, if you have a group of people you're dining with or you are hungry enough, definitely go for it because you won't be sorry! I've tried the RF Big Ass Burger, the Spit roasted half chicken with avocado and tortillas and the fish tacos. Everything on this menu is delicious so it really just depends on what you're in the mood for. Now that I'm getting hungry just writing this review, so until next time Roaring Fork!
4	Just dined there with a large group.  I think we tried almost everything on the menu.  Most of the stuff was really good.  We definitely froze on the "heated" patio though.  That was a bit of a bummer.  Service was good.  It would have been helpful if it was a little more kid friendly.  No juice offered and luckily they were able to come up with kid friendly mac and cheese or we would have been in big trouble.
4	With as many times as I've frequented the Roaring Fork, I can't believe I have yet to review it.  Let me make ammends.  The Fork (as it is affectionately called to those 'in the know") is one of my all-time favorite happy hour spots in Scottsdale.  The food is delicious (I always get either the kettle of green chili pork or the rotisserie chicken flatbread), the drinks are top notch (and the pours are usually on the heavy side), the happy hour prices are awesome ($5 for a glass of wine and around that much for the apps), and the service has always been prompt and friendly.  Their patio area is nice, and some of it is covered, which allows you the ability to sit outside under shade when it's hot, or under cover when it rains.  I've not yet had the pleasure of dining here during dinner hours, and the prices sans happy hour are pretty pricey, but I've heard the food is worth it.  I can't wait to go again!
4	I was close to giving this a five for their great food and happy hour prices...but it felt kinda rushed. Let me explain:We went with my folks for happy hour last night, but we didn't get there until about 6pm. The only space to even STAND was at the very end of the bar where we were squished next to where all of the servers come and go from the bar. So, my advice would be to get there RIGHT at 4pm, when happy hour begins. That being said, my bf had the big ass burger, which lives up to its name! He said it was amazing! We also had green chile mac n cheese, which is pretty much TDF. The salads are the best I've had in a long time...very fresh and inventive without being bizarre. SUPER GOOD prices-only $5 for a glass of wine, $3 beers and well cocktails. Definitely worth checking out :0)
4	I am in love with the Roaring Fork, but only recently tried their Sunday brunch, and I have to say, it was DELICIOUS!  For only $20, you can enjoy an all you can eat buffet of some of the Fork's finest offerings, from eggs benedict, to pork and chile verde, to enchiladas, to pretty much anything else you can imagine!!  And save room for dessert, the bananas foster is heavenly!
4	Roarrrrrrrr! No, it's okay prefer chopsticks :)  This oddly located restaurant is a delight.  When you first walk to the doors you know you're in for a treat -- I feel like making an entrance like Aragorn in LOTR -- you nerds know what I'm talking about.  I was feeling hungry that night and ordered me a "Big Ass Burger" -- no I'm not just saying it because it's big -- It's actually called the "Big Ass Burger!"  Yum!  Filled my little tummy :)  Service is bangin' -- Thanks Mr. Ryan!  The ambience is low and chill with a rustic feel.  No, not because of the age of the people :) - Enjoy!
4	Ok, so this was my very first time at the RF and I thought it was a blast. Maybe it's because I was brought here on a date and was totally spoiled to the max! I still give this place a 4-star rating because the overall experience at the end of the night was amazing! CON: However, we didn't make reservations and went around 6 p.m., it was Happy Hour and the bar was pact to the brim. We were told that the next reservation open would be at 8:30 p.m. and we didn't want to wait, so the waitress told us  that the bar and patio tables were first-come, first-serve. There were no tables open for us and we couldn't even make it to the bar to put in some drink orders, some customers were rude and it really agitated me and I thought this whole experience was going to suck...EDIT: Also, the waitress, well, we hardly saw her.PRO:The BF, on the other hand, thought that it would be a better idea to go shopping  and then come back later during the 8:30 reservation time. And boy was he right. What a difference it made to be at the restaurant from a different perspective, no crowd shoving, rude people, etc.DRINKS:-The BF had several different kinds of beers (I tried a bit of them all), but we were a bit disappointed that they didn't have any on tap.  -I had the "Octoberfest" I don't remember who made it, but the beer tasted a bit sweet, kinda chocalateee'-I also had a "Prickly Pear Mojito" which was very good, but a little too sweet for my taste, oh and the bartender was pretty generous too! FOOD: We had a three-course meal! -For our appetizer they gave us bread and butter, and then we ordered "The New Mexico Fondue Pot Lamb Chops" (three piecesof lamb and some bits of chili pastacio bread, rosemary bruchette and butternut squash) and boy was that tasty.-The BF ordered a the "BIg Ass Burger" and I ordered probably the most expensive thing on the menu, the "Filet Mignon". I ordered it 'blue', my favorite way, and yes, they got it right! (it was just  tad salty, but still really yummy!)-For a side, we shared the "Green Chili Macaroni, which we barely finished, but made for an excellent (thick) late night snack. (microwaved) - Dor dessert, I ordered a Brownie (Lava cake), a la mode! It went excellent with coffee, especially since it was very sweet and thick (very rich). The BF was way to full to help me eat it, so sadly, a lot of it was left behind.   ATMOSPHERE:Loved, loved, loved the dark warm cozy feel! The antler chandeliers were a nice touch as well :)PRICE:I would say expenisive, or at least the way I ate! But then again, I didn't get the chance to participate in HH. I suggest that if you plan to do the HH, you get there at 4 p.m. (when the RF opens and when HH starts)
5	Excellent food and a comfortable atmosphere. We sat in the bar and the service was better than bar service normally is.  After a couple of signature appetizers we had the carnitas.  Excellent!
5	The Roaring Fork is one of my very favorite restaurants.  I am not a big fan of the environment, particularly the patio and back rooms, but the food more than makes up for it.  The pork green chili served with warm tortillas is dreamy.  I also adore the huckleberry margaritas.  Can't go wrong.
3	Really, really good food with slow service. I'm torn between 3.5 stars and 4 for this. I would have given higher marks if service was better. I would go back. They had a cool outside patio with a fountain and heaters which would be cool to try on a cool night.Food - Lamb shank was cooked perfectly. Good sized portion with tasty sauce. Others had roasted chicken and grilled trout which was really good as wellService - Waitress took 5 mins to first greet us. And it took 10 mins to get my first drink, which she got wrong at first and had to correct. I ordered the grilled vegetables which she said was zuchinni and squash. But it was broccolini when it came. Instead of apologizing, she laughed and said "oh I lied, its not zuchinni".  Perhaps next time, I'll get a better server
4	I ordered bbq cedar plank salmon with asparagus.  it was A M A Z I N G.  The salmon was cooked PERFECTLY. I was really worried that they were going to just drench it with BBQ sauce.  But you could barely see a thin layer on the salmon and it didn't even taste like bbq sauce.  It had this nice hint of sweetness that did not overwhelm the wonderful taste of the salmon.  Pure perfection!They were nice enough to trade out the greenbeans that come with it, with asparagus.  Asparagus was pretty good with this salty/garlic sauce on it.One thing I was really disappointed with was the service!  O M G talk about waiting an hour for a check!!   And she was a bit snippy on her responses.  Did not like that one bit! All in all I would DEFINITELY recommend this place, but don't hold your breath on getting decent service.
4	Thanks to the previous reviews that said it was busy in the bar at happy hour and that it is hard to find (corner of Chaparel and Scottsdale) We arrived at 4:40 on a Saturday.  There were about three tables open and a dozen seats open at the bar.  By 5:30, people were hovering waiting for a table.  That would be my only complaint (but they can't help that customers are rude).Our service was excellent, drinks are well priced at $5.  We had two appetizers, the Ahi Tuna and the Wood Fired Shrimp.  Both were good.  Atmosphere is nice and there is plenty of parking.
5	Love this restaurant!  Western/Contemporary/Casual-with-FLAIR!  Their signature green chile mac 'n cheese is a do-not-miss when you eat here and the Big A*s burger is worth the extra miles on the treadmill!Only drawback:  No Live Music (hint-hint RF mngmt.......................)
5	This place was recommended by friends who just ate here the night before.  When we arrived, we were greeted and seated promptly and were given a basket full of warm bread and biscuits. They were delicious!  We started off with their green chili pork appetizer. This was my favorite dish of the evening.  It was kind of like a stew with tender chunks of pork simmered in this flavorful green chili stock topped with cheese.  It came in a cute miniature cast iron pot, piping hot with a side of warm, soft, and chewy tortillas.  Yummy!  Had I known how good it really was, I would've just ordered two of these and be happy for the night.  We then had the trout with capers, almonds and brown butter.  This was another winning dish. The capers were deep fried, so a lot of the briny taste disappeared leaving us with these little salty, crispy buds of goodness that perfectly complimented the the entire dish. The trout came with a huge slice of corn bread that was also very delicious.   My hubby ordered the short rib tacos which were full of flavor with plenty of cilantro and zesty sauce to bring it all together.  For dessert, we had the chocolate cake and bread pudding, both of which were good, but nothing extraordinary.  Overall, it was a great experience and I would recommend this place to anyone who is in the area.
5	Certainly one of my favorite places to dine in Scottsdale.  It's such a cozy location, and seems missed by the typical Snottsdale persona. It's not about the flashy, just the food.  Happy hour has amazing prices, with drinks around $5 and near full meal sized appetizers around $10.  Outside of happy hour, the duck is my fav with out a doubt.  Cooked to perfection, it's juicy and sweet.  Don't forget the green chile Mac and cheese as a side dish!   Wine selection is strong, but not huge.  My only wish is they had more craft beers available.  If you're going to go, make a reservation, they use Open Table.
4	Came here for dinner. Had recommendations from local. They also know the manager of the restaurant. Service was a bit slow even at 8.30pm but the food was worth the wait.The appetizer or starter was the green chili. It had a little bit of a spice to it and it was hot. That's a good sign. I ordered the beef tacos and those things were GOOD!The beef in the tacos reminded me of pot roast. It was hard to eat the whole taco at once, so you'll have to eat some of the beef of and then you can fold it up and eat it like a taco. There was also some rice with cilantro and that was bland and sort of dry. My boyfriend had the buttermilk fried chicken. The chicken was sort of dry and kind of salty. The only way it was saved was with the gravy and the mash potatoes. The mash potatoes were GOOD!Would have had dessert, but I was stuffed after eating the tacos.
5	My uncle (who is old school Arizona) recommended last year. Loved their selection and preparation of a diverse menu. The big ass Burger is still perfectly prepared,  as well as it was a year ago. We tried other the grilled shrimp and grits, grilled half chicken, green chili bowl, and well, all of their happy hour selections. Their HH drink menu hits the spot with well prepared cocktails (perfect martinis and margaritas ) with a balancedbalanced wine and beer list. Thank you Roaring Fork, for not letting us down. Great service,  food and drink, thank you Uncle Bob for this gift!!
5	What a great happy hour. We only made it to the bar area but enjoyed the experience.   Drinks and food were outstanding. Atmosphere was warm and pleasant, and service was just right - attentive but not annoying.
5	The Hen and I (thats what I call my mother) finally tried this place that everyone has been raving about. I was a little nervous since sometimes when people stress about how great a place is then it never lives up to your expectations. Definitely wrong about that! We sat at the bar and I wish I could remember the bar tender's name that served us because he was amazing! We had amazing wine and food and I cannot wait to come back for happy hour!
5	I absolutely love Roaring Fork.  It's Happy Hour is phenomenal, and I've actually never not eaten in the bar for this reason.  Also, it keeps the visit a bit cheaper, but this is no compromise.  The drinks are reasonably priced, the food, truly fantastic too.  I like to come here with a moderate sized group so that we can try to sample as many of the entrees as possible.  Some of my favorite Happy Hour Menu items are as follows...The Mixed Market Greens salad, Big-Ass Burger, Kettle of Green Chili Pork, the Fish Tacos, and the Chicken and Pepper-Jack Flatbread pizza is beyond wonderful.  You are still able to order dinner menu items from the bar as well, which is nice.Roaring Fork has a mountain lodge kind of feel and decor, it's relaxed, but usually quite busy.  The bar is first-come-first-serve, so be prepared to stake out for a table.A great place to start off an evening in Scottsdale.
4	After much anticipation, I finally got to try this place for my birthday. It was awesome! Sat in the bar on a Sunday and took advantage of happy hour. I love that they have the all day happy hour and they have some great items on the HH menu! Their green chili pork appetizer is to die for. I made a Roaring Fork fan out of my husband on that alone. The burger is massive and is just downright a good burger. Well worth the 10.00 on the HH menu. Heck well worth the 13.00 on the normal menu! Fries were good as well. I loved the little kettles they served everything in, miner style! Huckleberry margarita on the HH menu was different but great. Only 5.00 too! I also opted for the Dr Pepper braised short ribs with cheesy grits. Delicious! The grits were my favorite part actually but they went so well with the ribs. A bit pricey but would I order it again, hell to the yes! Green chili mac was simply ok. Although it did actually taste like green chili, it was a bit dry for my liking. I must admit, I haven't been this excited about a restaurant since I tried Taco bell for the first time at age 5! Haha. Service was spot on as well. The only thing I didn't like was that if you don't have a reservation, its hard to get in. We were fortunate though that there was a table in the bar open for the happy hour. Others were not so fortunate and had to wait around for an hour by the door behind us to make sure they snatched up a table when it became available. Seems like a poor system. There should at least be a waiting list so you are guaranteed to get the first open table if you have been waiting around. Otherwise, someone could just take the table right from under you if you are not close enough or paying attention. Other than that, this place definitely lives up to the hype!
2	I do not get it Yelp! I was so mislead by this place. I took the BF here for his *official* birthday dinner and it was a massive disappointment. The menu looks really good and the restaurant looks ok... kind of big and Houston's -ish. We were sat at one of the 'chef's tables' a table right next to the kitchen. That was kind of cool.. lots of yelling. Our server was really not good, he was extremely slow and inattentive. It took him a long time to come around, and when he did he only wanted to take drink orders. We wanted to drink water, and he didn't seem too happy with that. He walked off. Anyway, we finally ordered and I got the fried chicken and the BF got the short ribs (which he was really excited for) and we got the green chili mac and cheese due to the good reviews of it. Then we waited for a very long time. When the food came out, mine had a sauce on it that was congealed and looked really gross. The chicken itself was nothing special.... they used a really thick cut boneless breast and it was really dry. The mashed potatoes that came with it tasted like nothing.... totally flavorless. ugh. The BF's short ribs were also very meh. They were bone in (really? they couldn't take the bone out for 25$ hmmm). They also didn't render all of the fat so they had massive amounts of fat on them. Yuck. In addition, they had very little flavor... you would think something braised in Dr. Pepper would be delicious... not the case. Again, it was totally bland. Furthermore, the mac and cheese was really not good either. The first bite tasted ok, but as it went on, it tasted like kraft singles with chile peppers. yum? not so much. So we wanted to get cake, it being the BF's birthday and all.... but nothing on the dessert menu looked very good and honestly we were scared to get a dessert after the food being so lackluster. I will never go back here.
4	I have been a couple times and already one of my faves!  The rotisserie chicken with bread pudding and vegetables, pork tenderloin and cheese grits, crab cakes, kettle green chile, green chile mac n cheese, and even the bread the serve are all excellent choices!  Also very pleased with the huckleberry margarita:)  Service and ambience very good, nothing bad to say to date.  Can wait to try happy hr!
1	Worst service I have ever received. Had to wave down the bus boy to get a drink. They had us seated, then moved us elsewhere because they said it was our fault. Then, I had to wave down a bus boy to order a drink. Rarely saw our waitress, especially when she was needed. When I did see her, she was rude and never smiled. I was with a friend who had a food allergy that they basically tried to tell her she didn't have. Her mouth was swelling up and they told her they swore they didn't put this stuff in it. Okay, well... her mouth is swelling up. Explain that to me. They did however pay for that dish, but I will not be back. I'm not even picky--
5	OMG...so this place is the place to go for happy hour...the bar is awesome and its alot of fun to go with friends...I absolutely love the mojitos...I love all three flavors the citrus, orange and the original.  I am just a mojito lover!  Okay and now there is the delicious food!  The reason you go with a group is so you order alot of the happy hour menu so you can try everything!  There is the guacamole, the queso dip and roasted tomato salsa.  Those two are great to eat with your first drink.  Then you should order the Fondue with the Lamb chops-DELICIOUS and maybe accompany that with the Kettle of Green Chile Pork with the tortillas!! OMG can you say heaven!!! It is just fabulous. Of course you should be enjoying this round with another drink!  Then for the last round you get the "Big Ass" Burger and the Crab Cake!  The burger is fabulous!  It is not my top but its definitely worth the mention and you cannot fault them for that because it is still delicious!  The crab cake is quality not just those typical cakes that are made of all bread and you cannot really tell if its a crab cake.  It is awesomel I like the chipotle butter!  Anyways, that is my suggestion and review of this fantastic restaurant!  I love it!  It is a great deal and the food is quality and fabulous!
5	Took a large group here and it turned out to be one of the food highlights of the trip for us. Loved the pork appetizer, trout, and dr pepper ribs especially. No complaints from anyone.
4	Wow, this place surprised me. From the outside, it looks like any other restauraunt attached to an office building. However, as soon as I walked in the door and saw chickens on a rotisserie I knew I was in for a good meal. Everytime I have been here the service has been outstanding, the food amazing and the drinks strong. They have a great happy hour and a wonderful complimentary bread basket. If you are into mac and cheese you have to try it here.
1	Sunday brunch was a huge disappointment. The place wasn't all that busy but, they were constantly running out of food and it took ages for them to bring more food out. They ran completely out of brisket at the carving station and replaced it with a RAW pork loin. It wasn't just undercooked, it was Red in the middle when they cut into it. They took it back and cooked it some more but then brought it back out to the carving station and served it directly on the cutting board where they had just cut the raw pork loin a few minutes earlier.The fried chicken was like eating leather. We didn't even get to try several of the items because they were out and it took forever for the empty trays to be replaced.Big disappointment. Will never go back.
4	I will definitely go back.Went on a Thursday night with a coworker and a client, we chose the Fork because we could actually hear ourselves talk without yelling over the table. Our server, Daryl, was very attentive and had a great personality. Our cocktails came in a good amount of time as did our appetizers and entree. Our client ordered the short ribs which I tasted and they were fall-off-the-bone tender and the sauce was super tasty. I ordered the oven roasted shrimp on a bed of cheese grits. Yum-my! One of my shrimp was only partially deveined but it was no big deal. My coworker ordered the halibut and he said it was perfectly cooked and equally as tasty.Looks like a great lunch place too. Oh, one more thing, I am a lettuce/salad snob and my caesar salad came crisp and perfectly dressed.
5	Good times - the Old West meets Happy Hour. We love Roaring Fork's Happy Hour. They do happy hour for a few hours each evening, but on Sunday and Monday nights it lasts all night long. Their huckleberry margaritas are awesome. It's a frozen margarita topped off with a luscious huckleberry puree (think purple tart blueberry?). The bar menu is one of the best too. My favorite is the Big Ass Burger. It's a huge burger loaded with smoked bacon and cheddar cheese. It's served with a kettle of crispy fries. Another appetizer we really like is their Green Chile pork stew. It's served hot in a personalized kettle, covered with melted Jack cheese and served with warm buttered tortillas on the side. Roaring Fork's entire menu is a blend of comfort food and Southwestern flavors. The happy hour is moderately priced, not cheap, but given the quality and quantity of the food, it's still a great value.
3	Updated: We ate here 5 years ago and were thrilled by the interesting gourmet cowboy cuisine and upscale atmosphere. We finally had a chance to go  back recently for our anniversary only to find things very different. They were very nice to bring us a long stem rose and card signed by the staff upon learning it was our anniversary but that's where it ended. The ambiance was much less upscale and the crowd rowdy. The menu was no longer interesting  as interesting as I remember and the food prepared well but a little average.  My husband ordered a Mai Tai and it came out looking like ginger ale. The bartender insisted there is no dark rum in this drink. Seriously?  The waiter took it back to have it punched up but it was never good and though we were polite about it  and we drank it anyway, we got attitude for saying so. Not sure what happened to this place but it feels very corporate now.Kudos that I was able to book a 9 pm reservation via Yelp from my iPhone while 30 mins away on the freeway. In all fairness, we were there on prom night, we booked a late reservation and it was pretty hectic. They were kind enough to re-seat us when the patio crowd was too rowdy to enjoy a relaxing meal. I stand by the food not being as interesting as I remember.  Other reviewers still seem happy with RF so maybe my night was an anomaly.
4	Not much I can say that hasn't been covered.  Comfortable upscale - Western decor, well laid out room, and you can count on consistently great service, food and libation.Definitely dig the happy hour - what a great place to start!  Also dig how perfect the Manhattan was.  It's shocking how many places screw up such a classic (and truly simple) cocktail.  Some friends were in from out of town and really wanted to go here for dinner.Kenneth, our server was flawless!  (And I am not just saying that becuase I recognized him from a restaurant he used to work at and we have friends in common.)Within our group, we had the pork green chile, fried chicken, salmon, ribs and lamb.  A couple sides of green chile mac, a side of asparagus, and a couple to-go boxes at the end!  All the dishes were fresh, flavorful, and plated beautifully.Will definitely be back - and I have plans on working my way through the happy hour drink list.  What a wonderful goal! :)
3	This place has good food, and drinks. Have eaten dinner here in the past but it's been a while. Most recently have been for happy hour. It's still more of a "high end" happy hour. Drinks are around $5 and appetizers are between $10-$15. Good fish tacos. The ahi tuna was tasty but sliced a little thin. Friendly wait staff. It was good, but I wasn't wowed. I think the very first time I came here was for dinner a few years ago and I was very impressed. Its a nice place for a splurge dinner, but I feel I could get more for my happy hour dollars elsewhere.
4	Make a reservation! The food is great. The wine list wonderful. The service quite good. The down side? It is packed. We had to basically circle a table on the patio, like hyenas to get a place to sit. Everything I have tried there was superb. I really enjoy the vegetable sides. Very savory.
4	We arrived around 4:30 on a Sunday. The ambiance and seating arrangements are excellent. The waitstaff is not up to snuff for an upscale restaurant. No specials were mentioned and the busboys kept trying to take plates of food that we were eating. And kept leaving the dirty glasses we had placed on the edge of the table. Sigh...does anyone get trained properly now?Anyway most of the food was stellar. The avocado/crab remoulade appetizer was inspired. The green pork chile with hot buttered tortillas was fabulous and the tortillas were pillows of goodness. We had ordered the short ribs and the smoked prime rib. Alas, the prime rib was a bit tough...it should be unctuous and beefy but didn't hit the mark. The horseradish cream was superbly done and really helped. The short ribs were served with a tomato coulis which neither of us really cared for. The ribs, however were outstanding. These were served with horseradish potatoes which were also very good. Unfortuately we tried the huckleberry bread pudding with creme anglaise. This should be full of berries and wasn't. It was a hunk of doughy, leaden bread. The small amount of berries/sauce was very good but the creme anglaise suffered from too much vanilla.Overall,I will dream about the pork/green chili and will go back just for that and the cushy seats.
4	it's been a while since we've been back. and i'd have to say since sampling other happy hours, i have to renege my initial "best happy hour in town" excitement. it's a tad pricey for a happy hour menu...10-15 buck apps and drinks for 5 bucks. the fish tacos are tasty, and the ahi tuna was ok, not the best i've had. we've been here half a dozen times since moving to scottsdale and it's always been a reliable place. especially for a higher priced dinner. i hear the 'big-ass' burger is very good. unfortunately, we'll probably stick to a happy hour that leaves our wallet a little happier somewhere else.
2	Very unpleasant dinning experience. Since we didn't make reservations, we were sat next to the open kitchen and couldn't hear ourselves over the 'roaring' from it. We asked to cancel our orders to go elsewhere and were delayed leaving so the manager could talk to us just long enough for our meals to come out anyway. After being reseated in the very back of the restaurant we felt the food was not worth the hype nor the price. We have had much better steak elsewhere.
4	Definitely try the duck dish.   I rank it among the 10 best duck dishes I have ever had....and I love duck.   I always order duck dishes to test the cook's skill level.  A solid restaurant in Scottsdale.
5	Another kickass restaurant that I had the pleasure of dining at while me and the boyfriend visited a friend in Scottsdale.  -Strong drinks-Friendly & attentive waitstaff-Tasty & interesting specialty appetizers that just had to try: "kettle of green chili pork" & "green chili mac 'n cheese."  -Absolutely delicious entrees. I had the trout topped w/ almonds & capers and a side of cilantro lime rice. The other entrees ordered were oven roasted jumbo shrimp; & braised beef short rib. -This is bargain eating at its finest. I remember walking into the restaurant thinking this will be a pricey dinner, but to my pleasant surprise the prices they were charging for the quality and amount of food was a steal.Another definite to-do the next time I'm out in Scottsdale!
5	i wooove you Roaring Fork !!!!atmosphere is nice, dark, romantic and cozy :)food is f*%$ing fantastic! me and the lover ordered three entrees between the two of us because we couldn't make up our minds and everything just sounded so dang good. starter: green chili carnitas- comes with tortillas and it was just awesome.dinner: beef short rib, rainbow trout and 1/2 rack of the Dr pepper baby back ribs. also accompanied with green chili mac n cheese, cilantro rice, green beans and mashed potatoes! Everything was just superb( and i never use this word) the trout comes topped with brown butter and almonds and it was just a party in my mouth. hands down probably the best fish i have ever had! the ribs were good as well and the short rib was very tender and melted in your mouth. unfortunately no room for desert because our gluttony got the best of us but we saw the desserts other people had and they looked fattening and tasty.all of this accompanied by shots of tequila and martinis and taken care of by the sweetest attentive server!Roaring Fork you are my new love, I'm so glad we met last night, you totally rock my world!p.s thurs-sun they have a great deal . pick and entree and three sides all for $18. you are welcome :)
5	Big Ass Burger was awesome! Great $5 mojitos. Service was excellent. Best place to go in Scottsdale!
4	My friend and I were looking for somewhere decent to eat near our hotel in Scottsdale and Roaring Fork was a great find. We were still talking about the meal a few days later.It is in the 1st floor of a business center, but the food and service were great. The mixed green salad to start was just okay, but that was the only let down of the meal. They had an $18 meal which included a select entree and 3 sides. I opted for the rotisserie chicken and mac-cheese, green beans and brussel sprouts. The server had accidentally noted that I wanted fried chicken and as soon as the error was discovered rushed a new roto chicken out. Everything was quite tasty. I thought the mac & cheese was going to have chiles chopped in it, but actually had a green chile blended macaroni as the pasta which was unique. My friend ordered the fried chicken from the main menu and had a serious amount of fries and fried chicken for dinner. I did steal some of the fries and they were quite good.  The bread basket was another highlight. The mini biscuits and cornbread muffins were delicious. The wine and cocktail menu was good, with a variety of nice reds available by the glass. I will be back on my next trip.
4	I have only gotten to try a little piece of Roaring Fork but what I did have, I liked a lot.  I went there for happy hour.  They had a lot of options for happy hour.  I had the chicken pesto flatbread which was good, but was kinda missing the pesto part- it could use some more.  I also had the lamb which was very good.  The mojitos were amazing.  There are so many good things on the menu.  I will definetly come back for dinner soon.
5	Awesome, awesome, awesome! My mom and sister and I were on vacation in Phoenix and happened upon this place. I am so glad we did.The drinks were amazing, the lamb appetizer to die for and the trout was unlike anything I have ever tasted.Our waiter was so attentive. I only wish I didn't live a plane ride away.
4	I had the ribs they were great.  The beer selection needs work.  I do not understand why places like this have Bud Light on the menu.  There should be a lot more craft beers on the menu.
1	After leaving a previous poor review, I was consistently contacted by upper management trying to redeem themselves. This restaurant is not near my home but I agreed to try them again and was promised they would send a certificate for dinner on them at our convenience.  However, it has been over a month now and I have yet to see anything. I am still VERY unsatisfied with this company.
3	Oh crap, I hate, hate writing mediocre reviews when everyone else writes great reviews. So I'm going positive first:The service was GREAT! Well, the waitstaff. I'll start from the beginning: We just got back from Wet 'n Wild where I mentioned, if you read that review, I didn't bring a hairbrush much less took a shower.  We decided to visit Roaring Fork as it's on my husband's burger list and we rarely get this far north. So we drive down Scottsdale road and surprised to find it in an office building. We walk in looking like crap with our messy boys and we are completely ignored by the two hostesses who are engaged in conversation with an older gentleman. So we walk around the restaurant and decide to go back to the hostess and see if we need to be seated. So I rudely interrupted their deep conversation and ask if they need to seat us. One of them said yes, if you are eating dinner or you can seat yourself if you want the happy hour in the bar or patio. We said we'll do the happy hour.We went t to the patio which on this 108* day into evening was wonderful. The decor was so nice I wish my home patio looked so good and the misters were great even though by the end of the evening I was soaked. The waiter was very attentive and made a great beer suggestion. We ordered  the Big Ass Burgers for $9 and an order of Guacamole and the boys ordered mac & cheese. The Guac was amazing, perfect with big chunks of avocado and onion, chip were fresh. The beer was served with chilled, small glasses - great presentation.   The burgers were HUGE, I didn't think for $9 you would really get a HUGE burger and Fries but you do. The burger looks great, super thick cooked to order with thick bacon, cheddar, tomato, poblano chile, nice lettuce, tons of pickles with an aioli on the side. What could be wrong? Hmmm, I bite, chew, swallow, add aioli, bite, add salt. Just can not get any flavor from the meat.  This burger should be amazing. The bread is a really generic, white seeded bun so I get rid of it and used a fork and knife. Just no flavor so I both my husband and I only ate half of our burgers. The waitstaff seemed confused by our full plates but it just wasn't great and not worth the cholesterol or calories. The boys were happy with the mac & cheese and ate most of our fries. The guac and beer were great! And the service, except the host staff, was truly wonderful.  We would probably go back as we liked the ambiance and give it another try hopefully just an off night. Total for two beers, guacamole, mac & cheese x2, burgers x2 was only $45.
4	they have some great deals here. try their happy hour!their $18 entree with three sides is a yummy bargain!the man and cheese is not to be missed!
4	Pros:  Delicious food. Hands down.  Overall 5/5.  GREAT happy hour...get the Green Chilli Pork app and the Pork chops!  The atmosphere is dark, fun, and enjoyable.  It is always packed for happy hour so you have to come early or waiting for a first come first serve table at the bar.  Cons:  Service is hit or miss.  80% of the time its been very good for me but last time was a little weird.  The waiter disappeared for about 30min while we were waiting for the check.  The parking lot is ALWAYS almost full.The avg age of people who go there are probably 30s and up.  I'm in my 20s and still love to go with my friends bc we love great food and a good atmosphere. :)
3	I would say this place is pretty good. Wouldn't get excited about coming here, but wouldn't be opposed to it.They were very nice about moving us to a booth when we asked, and the service was pretty good. We really liked the bread! The special was a fish dish, and it was pretty good. I ordered a salad with chicken, and it was decent. We were hoping for some good vegetarian options, but they didn't seem to have any.
3	I'd really give it a 3.5.  lolCame here on a FRI, EARLY, and the place was bustling!  More proof that no one in Scottsdale cooks for themselves.  ;)The service was a 4 for sure.  Attentive, without being overbearing.At our table, we had the mixed green salad, the duck breast, the mixed grill, and the big ass burger.The mixed salad was fresh - nothing amazing or different.  It was pretty typical of a balsamic salad.The big ass burger is well named.  The thing was disgustingly huge, and unless you have a big ass appetite, you won't finish it.  It also has a spicy chili on it, so if that's not your thing, whip it off, or your tongue will be burning.The mixed grill was well done, but again, many of the items were spiced - the shrimp and sausage both had a kick.The real disappoint came on the duck breast.  :(  I had ordered it medium, thinking it would still come medium rare, and it came rare.  NOT happy.  But, I was starving, they were busy, and I didnt want to lag behind everyone else by sending it back.  It was sliced into pieces, so there was no excuse to not cook it to temperature as ordered.  Came with a nice onion relish (spicy - lol), and braised cabbage.Deserts were huge.  We had the lava brownie and the pecan pie.  Both served a la gelato.Overall, there wasn't anything we ate that made anyone say, "oooo!  you MUST try this!".  The food (besides the duck problem) was prepared well, nice presentation, but there was nothing that was overwhelming.  The atmosphere is nice, the service was really great, but there wasn't anything on the menu you won't find anywhere else, nor was it prepared nor presented any better.I would consider it like a Kona Grill.  It's good for what it is, but nothing spectacular.
5	I have heard a lot of solid things over the last few years. Things about Eddie V and Roaring Fork. Always forget to try it out, well we went last night and the food was better than expected. Great variety of dishes, prices are fair. Great Staff.Id give 4.5/5 if that was an option
4	Roaring Fork is great... Been many times and I've never had a bad experience. Food is always great no matter what I order and service is top notch. They have great happy hour specials where you can get some amazing food for a cheap price. My personal favorite is the lamb shank fondu! Its one of my all time favorite appetizers and I find myself craving it often
4	This is a Happy Hour review for this location. I have only eaten dinner at the downtown Austin location.This is my Arizona friend's favorite happy hour spot. The few times he is up for a happy hour, we go here. The happy hour is confined to the bar area (saloon) and the patio. Be cautious of the wait for the indoor seating. The Roaring Fork happy hour is not a secret. Try the patio, you will usually have better luck getting a seat.My friend only gets one thing: the Big Ass Burger, cooked medium rare. He loves it. The Longhorn cheddar, the bacon, and especially the poblano pepper. He is a little disappointed that over the years, the Big Ass Burger has gone from one pound of meat to two-thirds of a pound. However, this fact does not stop him from devouring the burger. Five stars for the burger.We split the guac and chips. The guacamole is wonderful and I love the presentation. For me, this appetizer is totally worth $6. I usually munch on the friend's fries and drink my mojitos, as there are not very many vegetarian options at Roaring Fork. The mojito is decent and the margarita is good too. I'll have to try the Huckleberry marg next time. (I hear it's great!)All in all, a great happy hour location. Especially since it's 4-7 daily.
4	I was in Scottsdale on business and this was a great find for happy hour. The pork in a kettle is awesome, a must try along with the crabcake.Nice people sitting at the bar.....The place is in the corner of an office building and easy to pass by.
4	Fresh Baked Bread to start!Great Tortilla Soup!A Good "Big Ass" BurgerGreat Service!
3	I attended with a large group of over 30. The food was very good. Can't be too hard on the service for a group this size but it was a little slow. The green chili Mac and cheese was unique and very good.
4	After hearing so many good things about this place, my bf and I decided to try it out since we were in the area.  It's located in an office building off of the main road, which is kinda weird.Upon entry, we were immediately greeted.  They were having some decent happy hour specials such as cheaper appetizers and $5 drinks.  We managed to grab the last table at the bar area.  Shortly after we seated ourselves, the waiter came over and was prompt with putting our orders in.  My bf loved the margarita, but it was a bit too sour for me.  For our entrees, I got the fried chicken and my bf got the beef ribs tacos.  My fried chicken was very good, but I have to admit the bf got the better entree.  The meat on his tacos were incredibly tender and the flavors were more complex than I imagined for a taco.  My fried chicken had perfectly crispy skin and the gravy was delicious.  The mashed potatoes were a bit runny for my liking, but I do like them thicker.  My bf thought it was a close match between his tacos and the fried chicken.  The food and drinks came out quick.  Service was very professional.  I wouldn't mind returning here.  My only hesitation is that outside of the burger, entrees are kinda pricey since they start at $17.  The food is very good, however.
3	The food was excellent ... the service not so much. A colleague and I took one of my clients here for a business dinner. The atmosphere was great, the food was outstanding but the service was embarrassing. It was a fun, Arizona type feeling restaurant and made quite the difference for my clients who are originally from Scotland. I had the roasted shrimp and grits. The grits were the best I have ever had (sorry North Carolina!). The shrimp portion was amazing. The dessert was great. I was surprised to see the offering of huckleberries. Sadly, the server forgot quite a bit of things. My client's wife ordered a second glass of wine to have for dinner, which was forgotten. We also asked for corn bread - the server forgot and brought it with our dessert. He tried to explain that it is made fresh to order and that is why it took so long.
4	Didn't get to sit outside so a little disappointed.  We saw the "big assed burgers" and all decided to get one.  They were great but a bit messy.  Food and service were excellent.  Will try and get back for happy hour
4	OMG! Fill up my bathtub with the green chile pork stew, I want to lay in it and eat until I'm sick! Really guys, this stew is phenomenal. If I hated, HATED, everything else on the menu, I would still be a regular for the stew... the awesome thing is that I've tried a bunch of things on the menu and liked them all. The fried chicken, delicious Dr. Pepper ribs, pork tenderloin, they're all mighty good. Throw in typically above par service and an awesome happy hour in the bar area and you get four big fat ones.
5	big ass burger is one of the best burger i have ever had!!!great atmosphere!!!!
4	Don't be turned off because this restaurant is in an office building; the food is great and the wine list won't disappoint. Check out the Huckleberry Margarita; yum. My husband had the fish tacos; very good. Not quite enough guac for me - but great overall. Patio seating is preferred. Enjoyed!
4	I went here for happy hour with my group of girls on a thursday after work. We got a table on the patio right away and really had a great time. The prices were *amazing* and so was the food, and now I'm dying to go back and have a full dinner here as well. Everything tasted amazing, but my favorite was the fondue lamb chops. We got something like 5 appetizers (including the big ass burger), 3 drinks and 1 dessert for around $65.The only thing that was a bit lacking was the service. Two times the gal walked away as we were still trying to tell her what we wanted, and my friend's soup didn't come with our first round of appetizers so she had to reorder it when we ordered burgers.
4	My friends wanted to eat "Southwest cuisine," so I Yelped and the Roaring Fork came up. The reviews were good, so we gave it a try.EXCELLENT service at the bar (there were no tables available at 7pm on Thursday night).  Waiter and staff were prompt and knowledgeable, and willing to make recommendations.I had the soup - was ok, not something I'd order again, but I wasn't that hungry.Husband had prime rib and pronounced it among the best pieces of meat he'd ever consumed (this is no small compliment).Friends split the Big Ass Burger (making it a "half ass burger"?) and pronounced it excellent.We were very satisfied with our meal and the service. We didn't eat enough or spend enough time to warrant a 5-star, but I would definitely recommend to friends.
4	I've only been to Roaring Fork once, but I enjoyed my experience there. I had a bacon wrapped pork tenderloin that was delicious. My wife had a trout dish that she thought as alright, but she really liked the green chile and pork appetizer. We sat outside on the patio on a cool evening and it made for a really nice ambiance. Service was very attentive and the prices were reasonable considering the quality and portions of the food. I definitely want to return to try their Big Ass burger. I love burgers and with a name like that, I've got to order it at least once.Location is a little weird, at the bottom of an office building off Scottsdale road, but once you find it you'll be glad you did.
2	Let's start with the positive, which begins about an hour after we sat in the bar area - the Big Ass Burger is big and delicious.  Now to the rest:We ordered the Green Chile Pork appetizer after asking our waiter to help us decide between that and the guacamole and queso.  We take our time ordering dinner because we have an appetizer coming - except that we don't.  When it becomes clear it isn't arriving we start eyeing the kitchen for signs of our dinner.  Our meal shows up much later than our leisurely ordering would have dictated and we advise our waiter not to bring the Green Chile Pork. He responds "You didn't get that?"  I was thinking, "you helped us order it but you didn't bring it, you didn't arrange for it to be brought, and you certainly didn't clear it from our table prior to serving our entrees and still you seem surprised."  But because I am on a sarcasm control regimen I just said, "No, we didn't."Two of us ordered fish tacos which were very tasty but 4 of the six tacos across the two plates served were extremely undercooked.  We are not afraid of fish a bit under temperature but this was well below that.  On the plus side the manager stopped by to apologize.  On the minus side he was unaware that both orders were off.  Plus - he recovered quickly and graciously said he was buying our drinks.  Minus - he comped less than half the drinks.  We were a party of 4 and none of us ordered another drink after his offer so our drinks were fully accounted for on our bill at the time and we were not trying to take advantage. Perhaps he comped just the drinks of the two who ordered the tacos but the meal was interrupted for all as we waited for the re-fire.On to dessert.  Plus - the good and hot coffee came quickly and the chocolate infused pecan pie was delicious.  Minus - the pecan pie was very small and we were again craning our necks toward the kitchen looking for clues to its arrival as it was served well after the coffee.Had the tacos been served correctly the first time the taste and quality of the food would have tipped this over to a 3 star review.  The food was really very good but difficult to enjoy when the overall meal was so poorly managed.  We are divided about a return visit.
4	I have been to Roaring Fork a handful of times. Only one unpleasant experience regarding a grossly overcooked "medium rare" filet, which they corrected quickly. I would recommend the green chile stew, even though I don't really enjoy spicy things. Seems like everyone and their mother come here for that stew. My favorite meal so far has been the Dr. Pepper ribs... fall off the bone delicious. As far as drinks go, their guava mojito is to die for! Get it! Service here is always excellent and I always look forward to my visits here.
5	Green mac and cheese! GREEN MAC AND CHEESE! GREEN MAC AND CHEESE!!!If you can only have one thing while you're there, you HAVE TO HAVE the green mac and cheese. I am a mac and cheese fanatic, and I was in love! It was perfectly cheesy and the bread crumb crust was perfectly toasted. I can't wait to find a reason to go back to Scottsdale to have it again.Now, on the drive to the hotel, our driver recommended the "Big Ass Burger," which I didn't order, because it was literally a BIG ASS burger. It was the size of my ASS! I couldn't bring myself to do it.Our group did order the spicy jack fondue with apples, yams (?) and the best crouton thingys ever! In addition to loving mac anc cheese, I love all things with cheese in them, so this was perfect. Dinner - I had the filet mignon. Come on, it was on someone else's tab, I had to do it. It was a piece of meat and nothing else. It was cooked to perfection, so I was extremely happy. Dessert, well the chocolate cake was meh. Even though it had chiles of some sort in it for southwestern flair. It was WAY TOO dense! I could only handle ONE bite, and that's saying something because I love sweets and could eat them all day long. The creme brulee was much better.But get the Green Mac and Cheese!!!
1	Well, we heard this Scottsdale Classic has gone south, but I refused to believe it. So, when guest from Asia visited and wanted to do the Sanctuary, I said lets do Roaring Fork, no view but great food and service.Well, tonight (11/25/11) was a disaster.....they were over welmed by a table of 7, food was poor quality and everyone ate at different times. All the staff said the "right words" but no one performed. So, I fear this place is now destined, as I was "warned", for the scrap heap of restaurant history.Shame on you!
5	Big Ass Burger is my One True Love, besides my cat. Please, Roaring Fork, please bring back the yummy beef jerky! It was such a nice added bonus to an already amazing experience- AND not to mention it complimented by Huckleberry Margarita so perfectly!Warm and inviting! Love the bar area- even when it's not happy hour, I'm happy to sit there!
5	Went to Roaring Fork for happy hour with three of my gal pals.  Darrell was our server.  Very professional and competent and friendly.  Had a few of the happy hour menu items.  All were good.  I had previously taken clients there for dinner.  Fabulous dinner and service so definitely wanted to try the HH.   Definitely a place I'd go back, and I'm sure my friends felt the same.
4	Great grub. The green chili pork appetizer is fantastic.  The menu has a great selection to choose from. I ordered the green Mac n cheese based on all the great reviews.  Meh.
4	Good food, decent price and a southwestern atmosphere. The food is decidedly better than the decor, but then again I've never been big on the southwestern look. Something about Antlers above my head while I'm trying to have a romantic night out with the lady just doesn't cut it for me. I (like most everyone else) recommend the big ass burger. You can't go wrong with their side of mac and cheese either and I recommend giving it a go regardless of how much you fill yourself with all their other delicious entrees.
3	Food was good, but not great.  Service was fantastic, but atmosphere was only so-so.  Get the Mac and cheese
2	Meh more or less sums up my experience. Crusty waitress who, when asked for a recommendation summed it up as "everything is good on the menu" to fish tacos that had giant fish filets on them and not a great selection of garnish. Even if the garnish selection had been spectacular, the amount of fish over-powered every other flavor.
3	Burger was OK.  Didn't have anything else but a lot of the dishes looked gimmicky and some I would not even want to put in my mouth.  Take the three stars for what its worth.
5	Awesome!  I was on a business trip in Arizona and this place was recommended.  Our group of 6 sat on the patio (they had fires going so the temperature was nice).  It was dinner and the waiter was awesome (I think his name was Paul).  We had the chili Mac & cheese and it was good (I am not a Mac & Cheese person - AT ALL).  I had the Salmon and tasted the pork tenderloin.  Both dishes were awesome.  The food is presented nicely.  One in our group had the fish tacos (which were actually shrimp that night).  he said they were awesome.  I want to try the Big Ass burger - maybe as a carb load before a run the next day.  The ambiance was perfect for conversation with business colleagues.  I will caveat that our dinner was at the same time as the BCS championship game.  The waiter even noted that the restaurant traffic was light.  We had a great time and I learned that there is a location in Austin in my neck of the woods.  Funny, I had to travel to learn of great spot in my own backyard.  I'm adding Roaring Fork to one of my favs!  Try it!
4	Lots to love here. Food, service, decor, ambiance...all blue ribbon.Even better yet, the crowd.It was a sunday night and the place was packed, so we opted for the bar. After a tour of the bar, realizing there was no seating available, we headed for the door. That's when a server stopped me, informing us how there was a couple who offered to share their high-top with us. We took them up on their offer and had no regrets.They were a fun couple with whom we had drinks, dinner and lively conversation.The macaroni and cheese is delicious, and no, I'm not eight years-old. Also, try the 'big ass hamburger'. As self described, it's a beautiful burger that even Kim Kardashian's ass can't hold a candle to. Another treat is the chips with guacamole and cheese. Great to go along with cocktails.You'll enjoy being here, especially in the bar where there are a number of good looking people, most of whom will sleep with you in trade for your fake Rolex.
5	Took my parents here for dinner while we were in Scottsdale. The place was busy, but we were lucky to snag a table in the bar. My parents are picky eaters so I went with the Roaring Fork since I remember it being a nice place and hopefully would be "parents approved." They loved the food, service and ambiance. For those Yelpers from California, the menu is similar to that of a Wood Ranch with a Southwestern flair. They each had the roasted chicken and I ordered the carnitas plate. Both of which were excellent.
4	My wife and I had 4 others meet us on the bar patio for happy hour. We looked at the appetizer menu and I decided to try the BIG ASS BURGER.This meal was not an appetizer, it was huge. It came with fries and both the burger and the fries were good. It has to be over 1/2lb of beef, I had all I could do to finish it but during happy hour it was $9. Great dealWhen dinner (and several drinks) were over, our server started telling us about the deserts and recommended the banana split. This is a banana with chocolate chunks, and caramel wrapped in a tortilla and fried, then rolled in cinnamon and sugar and served with ice cream and sauce. Ohhh, This was so good and rich, she brought one desert and 6 spoons. We had all we could do to finish it.The mens room is a hike from the bar patio, infact it is in the middle of the adjoining office building. I was surprised that a place this nice did not have it's own mens room.
4	I just dinged a star off after finding out there are three additional locations in Texas. The food is MEAT. Huge portions, pricey and delicious. They offered a two for one entree deal for super bowl Sunday so we checked it out.   The restaurant is really cozy and feels like a "grown up", date restaurant. We were seated in the Arizona room which has less ambience. Next time we will opt for the bar or the little tables by the kitchen. It is wood fired cooking so the place smells great walking in.   It always annoys me when the $42.00 rib eye comes ala carte. Yes, know it is organic and quite large but throwing in a small side of mashers or a steamed carrot or two would be a nice gesture. That being said, we ordered the green chili mac as other yelpers recommended and oh my... Outstanding! The Yukon horseradish mashers were a bit overpowering but it did encourage me to try to make them at home. I had a lamb shank which was melt in your mouth divinity. The au jus was perfect to soak up the homemade brioche.   The wine list was fine, nothing special but had a good range of reds and whites and prices. The service was good. We went really early, with the elderly set and loved the 2:1 deal. Yes we will go back, it was a special meal.
4	Been here quite a few times with various friends and family. Their menu changes seasonally but in summer time they have Dr. Pepper ribs that my wife loves and a filet mignon that is very tasty. During winter they seem to be more about the fish and chicken entrees.Their Big Burger isn't to bad either. Not a big drinker, but when coming here I always get the Arnold Palmer with firefly vodka which seems to be the only place that has this drink, and is probably the best drink I have ever had, besides the pear champagne I had at my wedding.Appetizer wise I have had and love the guac and chips as well as the tortilla soup. The last time we went I took my parents out for their birthdays here and my dad being the person that is hard to please was even impressed with pork and my mother loved the carnitas. The service is excellent and should be a role model of how restaurant service should be, with constant watch over my drinks, NOT bugging me on how the food was immediately after I just received it. Great place for special occasions or just for a delicious meal. Overall: I would recommend this place and is quite affordable for a nice night out. Note: Would recommend making reservations to ensure that seating is available as on weekends they do get busy.
1	The first time I ate here last year I would have given them 5 stars, but tonight they got 1 star for the following reasons.1. It took over an hour to get our appetizer and food.  Our appetizer came out only moments before our food.2. It took another 45 mins to get our check and leave3. The waiter barely touched our tableThe only plus is that complaining to the manager is that we got our appetizer comped.Needless to say we're never coming back.
4	The rumors don't lie - come to Roaring Fork and get the Green Chili Mac & Cheese. You can't make mac & cheese like this at home (yes I have spent the last hour googling for it and by all accounts, every food blogger fails to replicate it at home). The sauce is perfectly velvety smooth with a bright spicy flavor (and bright green color) and a lovely crunchy breadcrumb topping. It is perfection and it's served in the cutest little skillet. Everything else we had wasn't as good, but still worth mentioning. For vegetarians (like me) you can pick an assortment of sides and they'll serve it all together on a plate with some stuff mixed into hollowed out tomatoes.- Mexican Street Corn: I was expecting corn on the cob on a stick covered in mayo and cheese, but was pleasantly surprised to receive a very flavorful corn off the cob. The corn was fire roasted and mixed with yummy cilantro and garlic. It was quite delicious and I would recommend this side dish to anyone.- Black Bean Puree: Awesome. They used cumin quite liberally in this dish so it was very flavorful. Even my boyfriend, who up until this meal claimed to dislike beans, liked it.- Green Chili Mac & Cheese: See introduction. You must get this dish!- Roasted Vegetables: A misnomer. They were steamed/sauteed vegetables and were fine. I was expecting a deep roasted flavor so it was a little disappointing to just get steamed squash, but that's okay.- Fish Tacos: My boyfriend's mom got these and liked them a lot. She said the dish was very fresh and the pesto sauce was a unique and yummy addition to regular fish tacos.- Fried Chicken: My boyfriend ordered this and liked it, His mashed potatoes were delicious.- Huckleberry Margarita: A fun concept. It's a regular frozen margarita with a jam-like puree of huckleberry that you mix together. I liked them a lot but perhaps ordered too many because I felt a little hungover later.- Huckleberry Bread Pudding: Amazing bread pudding! Roaring Fork probably uses some type of cake bread (maybe pound cake?) because the bread pudding was so soft and silky and tasted very strong of birthday cake (in the best possible way). The berry flavor wasn't really there but added a nice pop to a few bites. The vanilla ice cream served with it had a very strong french vanilla taste which went perfectly with the birthday cake-tasting bread pudding. Yummy!I would highly recommend bringing out of towners here (it has a fun southwestern/cowboy vibe, fancied up) or coming on a date. The food is quite good and reasonably priced for a James Beard award winning chef.
3	It was a convenient walk over from the FireSky hotel across the street. We started with the green pork chili. It was tasty, but not hot. We also had the lamb fondue, which is lamb rack with a squash sauce to dip them in. The squash "fondue" part was quite tasty. The lamb was cooked well.For the main course I tried the braised short rib. It was really big. It didn't have a ton of flavour; a shame for such a tasty meat. It needed salt & pepper and the core seasoning just didn't stand out.The food is good, but I feel it's all a bit under seasoned. Everything (except the lamb fondue) could have had some extra punch to it. Still, it wasn't so bad that you feel ripped off, so I'm going 3 stars on this.
5	First of all, delicious food!  I had the Big Ass burger and it did not disappoint!  Their Chicken Tortilla soup is one of the best I've ever had.  And you have to try their green chili mac and cheese!We had a group of 10 girls for my friend's bachelorette party and they were great!  I made reservations about a week before, and they had the table set up, confetti included, ready for us!Our waitress was outstanding, and I couldn't have asked for a better group dinner!
5	My fiance and I ate here on Saturday February 18th. We were visiting Scottsdale for President's Day weekend. We found a sweet deal on a nice hotel and I wanted to eat somewhere affordable, but still have a nice dinner. I went through many yelp reviews and checked out websites. I read many great reviews about Roaring Fork and it wound up winning due to the Green Chile Mac and Cheese evoking our curiosity. We did not have reservations and called to see how long the wait was right before we headed down there. There was very little wait, but we wound up just sitting in the bar. The decor and ambiance of the restaurant was great. It was upscale, but somewhere I could still wear jeans to.   Upon walking in we were greeted by a GIANT wooden door and behind it wonderful smelling mesquite chicken being roasted in a huge fire. The warmth and wonderful smells were welcoming. We decided to order the Big Ass Burger because I had read that it was 1/2 LB, plenty for two people to share. That came with fries and we ordered a wedge salad and a side of Green Chile Mac. The hamburger was seasoned well and surprisingly very moist for being over an inch thick. They split it for us without extra charge. The Green Chile Mac is served in a small cauldron and is the best Mac we have ever had. It is better than Duckaroni, better than Lobster Mac....SO FREAKING GOOD! The service was fantastic and more than expected for bar seating. It was the perfect amount of food for two people and even after a drink or two, the bill came out around $60.00. We had plenty of space, weren't rushed and it was quiet for the bar section. It was a great date night and we will be coming back on our next trip to AZ.
4	We came here to "kinda" celebrate my birthday, we were starving by the time we showed up, we were seated right away, even on a Friday so that was cool, our waiter was very nice.  The bread and butter was yummy! The agave margarita was very smooth and good, just one hit me hard. I ordered the braised short ribs, and the hubby had the big ass burger.  I really liked my meal, the short ribs were great, a little too fatty, but thats just the cut of meat I think.  I will order the regular mashed potatoe next time because the horseraddish was too much.  The hubby's burger was good, something on it put it right on the line of being over salted, but it was still enjoyable.  The creme brulee was very very good, one of the best we have had.
4	Great meal and service. The duck was delish-moist and flavorful with delectable sauce. My hubby had the fried chicken-also perfectly prepared. Feels a little clubby/stuffy at first, but the atmosphere grew on me once the food arrived.
4	Wonderful Food!!!   Great atmosphere and service as well.We recently visted Scottsdale to watch Spring Training games.    I made reservations knowing it was a busy weekend.   I had told them it was my son's birthday.   When we got there, the table had birthday decorations on it and a hand written card from the staff.   Nice Touch.   The Food . . . . my son had the boneless fried chicken.  Amazing.    I had trout which was wonderful too.   Each of our dishes were excellent.    All of us at the table have eaten at nice restaurants, but we wereimpressed with the overall experience.We need one in Los Angeles!Gravett Family.
5	Very good service.  The Adult Arnold Palmer is delicious, both the standard and peach version. Great food as well.  Don't forget to get a side of green chili mac 'n' cheese!
4	I can only visit whenever I make my yearly visit to see friends in AZ, and this was our third time.  At first we were offered the chefs tables by the kitchen and I thought it was too small and noisy, they were nice to accomodate us elsewhere.  The food is really yummy and the service is exceptional without being annoying.  Dear BF had the roasted pork, which at first we were told they were out but then found some left for him, yay or I would have never heard the end of it.  I also had a taste for pork that nite but I asked for the pork tenderloin with potatoes instead of grits, very nice, we also shared a Waldorf salad which could I have used a bit more dressing and their guacamole and queso.  Loved the melted cheese, would have made the perfect nachos.  Next time I think I will try the trout.
5	Great happy hour specials offered in the bar and out on the patio.  Finding a table on the patio can be dicey and it's first come, first serve out there.  The fish tacos were delicious (two for $10), the green chile pork burrito was mouth watering.  Perhaps their signature item on the happy hour menu is the Big A$$ Burger for $9.  And boy is it big and tasty!  My wife and I found the Roaring Fork on Yelp and enjoyed it so much that we went back for a second night in a row.
4	Go for the happy hour, enjoy the drink specials ($5 martinis among others. Yay!) and order the Big Ass Burger, but before you do remember these points:It's open seating during happy hour (which runs 4-7). There were people sitting and standing around showing various states of impatience when we arrived. We walked around through the bar and front patio (the only areas open for happy hour) searching for an open table. Finally, a very nice manager caught up with me and offered a booth in the dining area with the caveat that we'd need to finish up or move to the bar by about 6:45, before a dinner reservation came in. We jumped at the offer, likely pissing off some others who had been waiting as well, and probably longer . No complaints in the way it was handled, but be aware that it's popular happy hour with open seating and when you arrive for a table you are basically on your own.Second, it's an older crowd.  They look more like Scottsdale golf course residents than workers from the surrounding buildings. No problem there, either. Just a reminder that the line between "happy hour" and "early bird special" continues to fade.Third, it was busy so service was a bit slow, though not unpleasant at all. I guess the message for y'all: This place gets busy during happy hour. :-)
5	Outstanding food, top notch menu.  And if you get there for happy hour you'll get $5 drinks and $9 Big Ass burgers.  The patio is lovely but you need to get there by 4:30 to get a seat.  It's first come, first served.You can order from the dinner menu starting at 5PM.  The salmon is delicious, as is the bacon-wrapped pork.A delightful dining experience. If you aren't going for happy hour, be sure to make a reservation a few days in advance - it books quickly.
5	THEE BEST YET!!!! Outstanding serves, food, food and more food!!! Started with the green chili pork, OH WOW, its a must have! Then split the Avo Shrimp salad excellent, and had the New York, BEST EVER, like butter baby!!! Drinks from the bar where strong and good!
5	There on a SUNDAY-  all day happy hour.  happy hour prices great!  food awesome!  had BIG ASS burger- we shared a side of the famous mac&cheese (think its chipolte chile mac and cheese) normally never order it , but it was excellent-  everyone at the table loved the food.   busy but managed to get a patio seat- by luck im sure-  had my 7 and 10 year old boys with me-  they were fine and my 7 year old was able to order off the kids menu--which is not in print-  but they do have the basics, kraft mac& cheese, chicken strips, burger.
4	I work in this office building and I'm so glad because I probably wouldn't have discovered RF otherwise! We've been here for a few work dinners since we moved in, and everything is so good! The service is always great, and I'm never disappointed with what I get. My favorite appetizer is the kettle of green chile pork, which I could probably just finish off by myself. I've tried the roasted chicken and buttermilk-fried chicken on two occasions, and both are great. One is obviously better for you, but the fried chicken is a guilty pleasure I have no shame in ordering. They also have a great happy hour which is great to enjoy on the patio, but it fills up quickly, as they open at 4pm. I can't wait to get back here soon!
5	Amazing happy hour!!!! Great food every single time and excellent staff! Love it.
5	Do try the Green Chili Mac and Cheese! Its life changing...
5	Very high quality food. We got the fried chicken dish and a fish dish and both were juicy and flavorful. The cheesecake was the cherry on the top!! I would suggest going there for lunch or early dinner.
5	I love the cozy feel of Roaring Fork, but what's even better than the atmosphere is their incredible happy hour menu. I think they have one of the best happy hours in town, especially when they start their all-night happy hour during the summer months! That's right, I said all night happy hour! Their happy hour menu includes their signatures items including the pork stew, fish tacos and the Big Ass burger...and yes friends, it's truly a Big Ass Burger! Keep an eye on their updates because a little birdie told me that the all night happy hour is coming to town very soon!
5	Our first visit to the Roaring Fork, and an amazing experience and food.  Our server, Jesse was wonderful, personable, and just playful enough to keep us entertained. My date had duck, best he's ever eaten, I has bacon wrapped shrimp, fabulous!  and the heated pecan pie with gelato,  to die for!  Reasonably prices. Several management figures stopped by to chat.  They truly seem interested in the local patrons, and offering a wonderful experience.  Thank you for a wonderful evening!  and yes, yes, yes,  the Green Chili Mac was the best!
4	Amazing service! The food me and my Party tried was outstanding! No complaints. Plus it is a beautiful environment inside the place and also outside in the patio. Will definitely return.
3	Update: We had to drop this to a 3 star due to the horrible service. We had the worst waitress who acted like she was doing us a favor. Wish I caught her name. Lots of freckles and dark hair.
5	Full disclosure: one way or another, I have only been to Roaring Fork for the Happy Hour, but the happy hour is darn good. You can, and you should, get that kettle of green chili pork or the big-ass burger, or better yet, share the two with someone nice. The huckleberry margarita is so good, I've had three in one sitting (no, I wasn't driving!). I fully intend to get over there for dinner soon, because I keep seeing the sugar cured duck on the menu and just thinking about it right now my mouth is watering. It gets pretty busy during the happy hour, though, so be prepared to wait a little if your party is large.
4	Green chile pork was amazing. And happy hour all summer is awesome.
5	My husband and I came here for a private business function and we were completely blown away by the food. Green chili macaroni and cheese, fondue pot with butternut squash & chili-pecan bread, and huckleberry margarita's I could go on we were at this function flowing with food & drink for hours. It was all excellent and so were our servers. The restaurant itself was beautiful and had a wonderful atmosphere. My husband I don't eat any meat except for the occasional chicken or fish. We tried the lamb that night and it just melted in your mouth and was so full of flavor. That was a just a taste of our first experience with Roaring Fork and it was by no means the last. We don't get to go often because it's no small trip but when we do it is such a treat. You can see how special this place is because since I've been a member of Yelp it's the only restaurant to earn my fifth star. Bon Appetit!
5	Great spot.Popular with locals..a Scottsdale secret that everybody has to  experience when in town.
5	I've been to the Roaring Fork 4 times.  Every time has been excellent.  Normally I get the roasted chicken which is outstanding but this time I tried their famous big ass burger.  It was excellent and aptly named.  Of course no meal here is complete without a side of green chili mac and cheese.  My friends had the salmon and fried chicken and said it was outstanding.  The service is excellent and so is the food. I see a 5th trip here in the near future.
5	5 stars for the one of the Best Damm Happy Hour's in the Valley. When it comes to doing happy hour there is only one spot that comes to mind, Roaring Fork has the best deals going whether it is the Green Chili, the Flat bread or the Big Ass Burger these items are fantastic and the Prickly Pear Margarita is a must try... this place is a home run, and they are doiting it every night in the bar for the summer, which means Elliot and the gang down there will be seeing a lot more of us..
5	Very pleased with dinner and happy hour, visited twice over the holidays.  Can get crowded during peak times.  Service is great.
4	Big ass burger is no joke. Sometimes service is slowwwww.
4	Great place for happy hour. Only four stars cuz the service is always hit or miss but the food has always been choice..
4	I went here with my book club and they definitely gave us lots to roar about.  Their Happy Hour is only good in their bar (which was fully packed) or out on their patio.  Their patio is fabulous!  Who would have thought a patio in Arizona in July could be so cool and welcoming.  Great atmosphere.  The waiter was very accommodating about all of us arriving at different times and peppering him with various drink and food orders.  I had the most delicious Huckleberry frozen margarita.  Perfectly smooth (out of a machine to be that consistent).  It was basically a plain lime margarita with a generous drizzle of huckleberry sauce on it.  The huckleberry sauce was slightly tart (not syrupy or sweet) but delicious!  It went down very smooth.  I had the fish tacos which were messy and the salsa verde was finger licking good.  I am amazed that, during the summer, they have Happy Hour until 10 pm!!!  Woohoo!  Overall, a delightful experience and I will go back.
4	Great Happy Hour ! Great Food ! I work in the building and many of us wish they opened for lunch.
5	Had dinner last night.  I have eaten at Roaring Fork many times in the past and this is the first review I have written for them.Everything was just wonderful.  To start with we had fresh guacamole, chips and great margaritas.  The entrees we're amazing....I had fresh halibut and my husband had a huge ny steak.  The fish was wonderful and the steak had the best flavor and cooked just right.  The Green Chili Mac and Cheese was a stand out.Our server Matt was great and the manager Ivars is just the nicest host.  The chef Brian H. Even came by our table.It just made for a very enjoyable dinning experience.Can't wait until we can go again!
3	My mom and I were looking for a restaurant with a southwestern feel so we went to Roaring Fork. The service was great. The food was good my chicken was a little salty but still very tasty. We tried their signature side (chili macaroni) which was very tasty and their margarita drinks was tasty and strong. When I am in the area again I will def make a visit.
2	Don't understand the 3-5 stars for this place.  It smells divine when you walk in though that is for sure.  Ordered the organic agave margarita - good drink but the appetizer (shrimp brochette) was only meh and my grilled fish tacos (yellow tail) were not good - fish was dry and I like some mango or pineapple type sauce with it to counteract the savory fish - overall ok but won't be back.
5	Great happy hour.
4	The name Roaring Fork is a misnomer. My fork never actually roared, but he did kick up quite a ruckus.At the beginning of the meal, he just laid there idle next to spoon, knife, and little brother; 'roaring' salad fork....not a peep out of the four of them. I think he was plotting his sinister moves on my entree while watching me wolf the bread basket and chef's free appetizer, his presence not required. But then dinner arrived and it was showtime. He busted out.Viciously attacking our Waldorf chicken salad, he literally left me breathless. I was like Michael Phelps, sipping what little amount of air I could gather between bites.It all happened so fast. The entire meal a blur.Two Waldorf chicken salads and two waters came to forty-two bucks, fifty with the tip. But to see that little bastard in action was well worth the price of admission, even though he did remain conspicuously silent throughout his little shit-show.I think he might be related to Michigan Frog....only roaring for the owner or something.
4	Love Happy hour , fish taco special are the bomb ..Big ass burger is good as it gets!!  Excellent prices !l
5	Last night, while discussing dinner, my friend suggested burgers or Asian... And I recalled that Roaring Fork is said to do a good burger, and since it is down the street from the theater, we decided to check it out.  My first impression was that it is very classy.When taking our order, the server mentioned that she had one order left of a special thick-cut pork chop, which *almost* derailed my plan to try out the Big Ass Burger.  But I stayed strong, and ordered the burger (medium rare, of course).  Along with that, I got the Weinhard root beer (they could do better than Weinhard, but at least they have something in a bottle).The bread they brought out to the table for us to munch on was superb.  Especially the corn bread.  Someone also randomly brought us an amuse-bouche: it was seared halibut marinated in something and placed on a small piece of toast.  Bringing me small tastes of delicious food I didn't even ask for is the perfect way to win me over!While waiting for our burgers, I observed the artwork on the wall in front of me - it was a watercolor print of a cowboy's lower legs, wearing boots with an Arizona flag on the leg.  This had to be a Nelson Boren painting, and sure enough, there was his signature in the corner (the piece was "July In Arizona").  It's nice sitting down at a restaurant and seeing artwork by someone with whom you once played tennis years ago.The burgers themselves were excellent - perfectly cooked, topped with delicious chilis and bacon.  The fries were decent, and the chipotle mayo (or whatever that sauce is) works perfectly.  As far as the burger's name, "Big Ass" certainly does a swell job describing its size.  It was a good burger, although if you order it more cooked than medium, I could see the meat becoming very dry.I was impressed with the place - both the food and the decor was excellent.  Next time, I won't be afraid to let a thick, juicy pork chop derail me.
1	The food was excellent and the service was superb ... until we got our bill. We were double-charged for the duck dinner (most expensive on menu). When the waiter came to pick up the check, I handed him the receipt and simply said "You need to check this again". I did not tell him what was wrong with the check; he didn't even look at the receipt and immediately said "Oh, I'll remove one of the duck dinners". He had no more eye-contact.I truely believe this waiter was deliberately trying to rip us off. We are above-average tippers, and this is a high-end restaurant. He did not need to do it. I went to the restroom to cool off, I was so annoyed. I should have said something to the manager, but I don't want to get people fired.
4	The food is excellent and the service is generally friendly/helpful. The happy hour makes the pricing a little more reasonable. We did get doublecharged for some items last time, which took a little back and forth with the staff to fix. Apparently they got a new computer system that is the source of the problems.
5	Wow! The staff was attentive and friendly. The server was excited to share his input and help make an informed decision. The food was unreal!!! We had green chile kettle with tortillas.. It was amazing!!! We tried the restaurant week menu and had oven roast shrimp and grits with bacon. So so good. My gf had half a rotisserie chicken with corn bread stuffing and I had almond crusted rainbow trout. We could not stop eating!! This place is a must visit!! Don't miss out. The prices are decent too because the quality of the food and service is so un-parrelled it is rare.Loved it.
5	Absolutely wonderful! Service was great. We had the mixed green salad & pork wings for appetizers. Both were great. For dinner, we got the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin (it was amazing!) & NY strip steak, which was good. The green chili Mac & cheese was the best dish all night--a must have!!
5	Went here on a date with the GF as one of our choices for restaurant week. Wow! We were both so impressed. If you're like me, service and cocktails are almost just as important as the food and I'm happy to say I can give a solid 5 stars on all accounts. The cocktails were awesome; unique and tasty. The food was all very good, the pork stew is something I still am salivating over. Their S'mor dessert was life-changing. And service is some of the best I've had at any restaurant in the valley. I highly recommend Roaring Fork!
5	awesome wait staff, delicious food and really strange atmosphere. you'll feel like you stepped into a different world with the moose antler lamps and cowhide maps on the windows... but maybe that's the point! our waitress was very sweet and gave us some great suggestions like the duck which my husband ended up ordering. it was juicy and savory! I orded the heirloom tomato salad--very small so don't expect it to fill you up but it was definitely flavorful! I saw a previous reviewer mention the green chile mac & cheese so I couldn't resist. It was by far the best thing I had all night! We will be going back to try all the other recommendations
5	Great service and even better food!  I had the wood fired filet which was one of the best steaks I've ever had.  The halibut special that my mom had was also wonderful.  Save room for dessert gelato and huckleberry bread pudding a cant miss!
5	Arizona Baby!  Whenever I come back I feel like I am home again!  The Roaring Fork is a beautiful restaurant with great service.  It is hidden in an office park, but has that great Arizona feel with a beautiful outdoor Patio.  The food is world class with a casual western feel.  I had the guacamole to start which was wonderful!  I then had the ribeye steak with the green chile Mac n cheese.  My steak was as good as you will ever find.  The green chile Mac n cheese is not to be missed--something you cannot find East of the Mississippi.  I had a great evening and to top it off got to spend time with a SUNY-Optometry fellow alum and faculty member.  SUNY-O Baby!  I must return to this restaurant one day.  It has me playing the song "Arizona" in my head, but is it the Marc Lindsay version or the Scorpion version?
5	As always, a great dinner.  Pulled pork appetizer is a must.  Pork tenderloin was perfection and those grits made the dish.
3	I would give this place 3.5 stars if I could, but I rounded it down to 3 because I don't want to get your hopes up. I went here for my birthday, and they were really nice. They seated us right away and brought us bread. And then we waited... and waited... then they took our order. And we waited.... and waited... probably 35-40 minutes for dinner. Don't get me wrong, it was good. I had the bacon wrapped tenderloin with the cheesy grits, which were really great. Then we finished dinner, and waited... and waited... I even put my napkin on the table to signal "I am done" and we finally the free birthday dessert (the crispy tortilla sundae, which was AWESOME). And the we got the check, put the credit card in it, and waited... and waited.... I have had 6 course dinners that didn't last this long. And if it was busy, I would have understood, but it wasn't. And we were seated next to a POS system where orders are placed. WTF. I had a good birthday, but that was in spite of the wait at this place. I'm sorry, but waiting ruined what could have been a great dinner.
5	DARYL SCORES AGAIN.I promised our server (obviously Daryl) that I was going to call him out by name in our review.We found Roaring Fork through Yelp and while the reviews we read weren't 100% favorable, we thought most were very positive.  We were not disappointed at all.A reservation was easy to make on short notice (even on a Friday night) probably since we were hoping to eat early, having skipped lunch.  On arrival our party of two was seated in a bar type booth directly across from the kitchen area.  Some diners might have thought that to not be the best location, as there was a ton of traffic of servers picking up orders but we enjoyed watching the activity and the kitchen preparations.Better yet, we were greeted quickly by our server - Daryl - who took our drink requests and explained the special menu items for the night.First, we enjoyed a marguerite and a glass of the house Chardonnay.  Both were good.Our appetizer was the guacamole which was one of the best we've had, complimented by the lightest chips ever.Main courses were (1) a mixed green salad with grilled salmon and (1) the bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin served on a bed of corn grits.  Both were exceptional but the pork tenderloin is what will bring me back each time we visit Scottsdale.  It was simply fantastic.  I just hope we can visit this area again soon.
4	Was here several weeks ago for a business dinner and it was awesome!We had been there several times for happy hours, which was always good and were really excited to go for a full dinner.We were not disappointed!  The service was excellent with several wait staff working our table and lots of attention given to us.  The only negative I would comment on was our waiter kept calling us "guys or you guys"!!  That was tacky and annoying.The steaks were amazing;  The best I have ever had and the sides were perfect as well.  This is a great place to go that gives the customer all of the right stuff!  We will go back and look forward to another wonderful meal with great service!!Hey you guys, give it a try!!  LOL..
4	Terrific spot - recommend reservations if you can.  We had a group of 7 and figured we would be fine on a Monday night but only the manager's creative efforts got us in pretty quickly.  Great steaks were had by all and the BLT wedge was fantastic.  For the appetizers, try the pork burritos - those were terrific.  As many others stated, the green chile mac and cheese and the mexican street corn are both great for side dishes.  The servers and wait staff were very very good and the vibe of the restaurant overall created a nice scene.  It won't be a miss, I promise.
4	Come hungry, leave stuffed and much lighter in the wallet, but you definitely get what you pay for and are happy to do so!Seriously this place was amazing...we shared the chicken flatbread and the pork wings to start with a nice bottle of riesling.  I only got one piece of the flatbread to try (because i had an entire pork wing to myself) and it was super delicious with a lovely pesto flavour from the sauce.  The pork wings were slow roasted so the meat just fell off the bone and the Dr. Pepper bbq sauce was delicious!For a main course most of us had the sugar-cured duck breast....they were generous with the duck, the 'little cabbages' (aka brussel sprouts) were delicious and i rarely like ones done by anyone other than my mom, and the flavours were just to die for.  The duck skin was incredible and the meat perfectly cooked so it was beautifully juicy.  The bf had the short ribs which turned out to be massive and I got to try a bite - amazing flavour and the meat was super tender so you didn't need a knife at all to pull it apart!  We shared a bowl of the green chili mac and cheese and a plate of the asparagus...definitely sides worth trying but you should plan on sharing them...portions are not tiny!  The green chili mac and cheese was coated in a light dusting of breadcrumbs that just worked with the flavours!For dessert I tried the deep fried banana split tortilla thing which I somehow managed to down (again, generous with portion sizing) after finishing my red wine, and I don't know how I did it but that was delicious...two scoops of icecream, one chocolate, one vanilla with c hocolate bits, whipped cream, two deep fried banana rolls, and a dusting of cinnamon...yum!My mother and sister ordered cappuccinos that came with a lovely dusting of cinnamon that i could smell from across the table and two little rock-sugar cubes...if I hadn't been stuffing my face with bananas and icecream I probably would have tried one they smelled so good!All in all, not cheap but as i said you get what you pay for and the size matches the quality to the point where you don't want to stop eating until you have to roll home...luckily the hotel was just around the corner and across the street...so good we will be back for sure!!
4	Great happy hour food menu! Fills up quickly!
5	I brought the work crew out for dinner at the Roaring Fork. Every single person was amazed.Personally, I have had a ton of great meals here, so I wasn't surprised. This trip was: Starter: New Pork Wing appetizer with the old Dr Pepper BBQ sauce. EXCELLENT! (Bring back this sauce!)Entree: Beef short ribs swapping the sides to get their awesome grits and corn! Wow!Incredible5 star Food5 Star Ambiance4.5 star service
5	My husband and I went here, after a recommendation, for our Anniversary.  I called in advance for a reservation (don't think it is required) and when I called they asked if it was a special occasion. I told her it was our Anniversary.We arrived 30 minutes early and they seated us early (only waited 5 minutes).  When we got to our table there was an Anniversary card signed by all the staff and a rose on our table.  Sweet!The waitress was very nice.  We ordered the Beef Ribs (which was amazing, falling off the bone) and the Salmon (so good).We received a complementary dessert since our Anniversary.  The Huckleberry Cheesecake...MMM!!!I highly recommend this place for a date!  Romantic and Intimate!
2	i think reviews for this place are based on happy hour experiences. the food was SHOCKINGLY hot and fast out the kitchen. methinks there's some heavy microwave usage going on. the interior of the restaurant is and dark and fancy, but the food is mediocre and overpriced.  in fact, the roaring fork became both a barometer and a joke for the remainder of our visit in scottsdale.if you want an equally priced meal with amazing food, yelp something else closer to oldtown (might i suggest something from the Baratin/FnB empire)?
4	Great wine and a Great happy hour!! The service was great too
4	Salty as hell but so yummy! Every year we come for the pork chili, tortilla soup and huckleberry margaritas! Nice service.
4	I had never been to Roaring Fork so I was really excited to find out that my boyfriend was taking me to dinner here. We arrived around 7:30 on a Saturday night, without reservations, and of course, all of the seating in the dining room was busy for about another hour, but there was plenty of space in the bar area so we just opted to sit there. The lighting in Roaring Fork is dim, giving it a warm, comfortable yet sophisticated ambiance. Our bartender/waiter was super friendly, along with the other staff that helped us out along the way, we had great conversations with all of them all night.We started off with the Kettle of Green Chili Pork that comes with super soft and warm tortillas. It also come garnished with a roasted pepper. Now, I thought to myself "I wonder if I can eat this" and proceeded to ask this question out loud to my incredibly thoughtful and caring boyfriend, who respond "yeah, its just a green pepper". Well, guess what, it's not a green pepper, but rather a roasted serrano pepper so I can't really tell you if this appetizer was delicious because my mouth was on fire (I'm also kind of a wuss when it comes to pepper heat). I'm assuming it was because of all the other Yelp reviews and also the fact that the boyfriend finished off the app just fine without me despite laughing hysterically the entire time - dick. By the time my entree arrived, I started to get feeling back in my mouth and was able to enjoy the Spit Roasted Half Chicken which came with veggies and corn bread Stuffing. Oh my goodness, the chicken was yummy, but that corn bread stuffing was amazeballs that I wish I could order that up as a side dish! So good! The boyfriend ordered the Braised Beef Short Ribs that came with mashed potatoes. He enjoyed his, but was impressed with the corn bread stuffing as well. For desert we opted for their gelato which is made by Talenti. We got the Sea Salt Caramel and Banana gelato which were both so delicious. The Caramel one came with mini chocolate covered sea salt caramel truffles and the Banana came with caramel ribbon swirl and pieces of chocolate. We were both happy we decided to stay here for dessert and would definitely get both gelato options again!Amazing food, great service, will be back for dinner and would love to try their happy hour!
3	I wasn't impressed with the Roaring Fork's menu. They don't have a vegetarian entree option. I ended up getting a side of Mexican Street Corn (which was really well seasoned and cooked), a side of Spinach and Onion, and Mashed Potatoes. Dinner of champions! Everything tasted great, but I found it annoying that there wasn't ONE entree option.They also give you a great bread basket with out of this world corn muffins. I gave a star just for them.The decor of the restaurant is really nice and they have a nice patio that is heated/cooled.
4	Anyone looking for a good Southwestern style meal with a Mexican flare, this is the place to come. The food was excellent as was the service. We started with the green chile mac and cheese, which was very good. But the outstanding dish was the pork tenderloin. It was delicious and probably the best pork tenderloin I've ever had. It was paired with corn and grits and the combination was outstanding. They also served a little dish with pork carnitas as a complementary pre-appetizer. That was equally outstanding and we will definitely be back to try their pork carnitas entree.
5	This was one of the best southwestern meals I have ever had. The margaritas were fantastic and the carnitas and green chile Mac and cheese were very inventive!! We also had the corn, which was awesome and the filet that was prepared perfectly. Overall a great experience. They also have a good happy hour that we are going to try next time.
5	All night happy hour?! Yep! Can't beat it! In addition to their normal happy hour during the week, they also extend it to all day Sunday and Monday. The only downside is its only in the bar and front patio, but hey for that deal you can make it work.I got the green chili pork stew on the recommendation of the waiter. It comes with a side of warm tortillas and is the perfect size for a filling meal without feeling stuffed. The pork was delicious and cooked perfectly. The cheese topping and the extra zing from the chilis made this absolutely delectable. Definitely a must try! If you want a go to place that always has great food, great service, and good atmosphere this is your place. Will definitely be back....again.
5	Great happy hour menu, make sure you get the pork green chili or the big ass burger.
4	Had a great time here. The Kettle of Green Chili Pork is outstanding. Spectacular fresh tortillas served with it. The spinach chicken Waldorf salad was equally as good (very large portion you can split). The Barramundi fish entree (seasonal special) was just okay, not my favorite; sort of a mix between a halibut and a sea bass, but not as moist as sea bass (like I would have hoped for). For dessert we split the Pecan Pie which was accompanied by dulche de leche ice cream. It's not a big piece but is dense and rich. Scrumptious! 5 star appetizer5 star first course2 star entree5 star dessert5 star service
5	$17 is a lot of money for carnitas and a side. But it's worth it.Beans and I don't mix well, so I subbed them out for green chili pork (no upcharge!) with no trouble. Service was good, food was good, atmosphere was good. There's really not anything I can fault here.
5	Really one of the best places I've been to.  Was in Phoenix on business staying in Scottsdale.  As luck would have it the Roaring Fork was right across the street.  All I can say is "Lucky for  me and my team"!  There were about 9 of us and we pretty much all had something different, which ended up being a good deal for all of us.  We shared and tasted everything and there wasn't one item from the appetizer (i.e. green chili pork) to the dessert that any of us could say a bad thing about.  I'm looking forward to passing thru this summer with my wife.
4	Roaring fork has a great happy hour.  I really liked the huckleberry margarita.  I did try the "big ass burger" because so many people have told me that I have to try it.  I actually wasn't impressed.  I would probably come back with friends for happy hour but I don't think I would take visiting guests here for dinner.  The restaurant is really nice and seems cozy.
5	I've dined here twice and have been blown away each time.  The first visit was with a colleague at work.  He suggested that we drop by here for some Happy Hour drinks and some grub.  The 2nd time was with a large group of 20 people.  During both visits I had:Queso con Puerco, $9http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roaring-fork-scottsdale?select=bKnbIsW4l8RTkaS9V6WMdQ#bKnbIsW4l8RTkaS9V6WMdQFresh Guacamole, $9Kettle of Green Chile Pork, $10http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roaring-fork-scottsdale?select=4BV1eQ1pIjNl_31O18pXnw#4BV1eQ1pIjNl_31O18pXnwPork Wings (Dr. Pepper BBQ Sauce, Hominy, Pickled Vegetables, & Cotija Cheese), $12http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roaring-fork-scottsdale?select=7oUjMc9Y-to7ukr8hZF66A#7oUjMc9Y-to7ukr8hZF66ABig Ass Burger (Poblano Pepper, Cheddar, Smoked Pepper Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato, Onions, Pickles, & French Fries), $14Filet Steakhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roaring-fork-scottsdale?select=SlhE1_wI2NJjRWSzL4CUtA#SlhE1_wI2NJjRWSzL4CUtAThe Queso con Puerco is melted Cheese with a green Chile Pork added to it.  It's ridiculously good.....and addicting!  Trust me, you won't stop eating it once you have a bite.The Guacamole is awesome too.  However, I suggest that you give this a try before the Queso con Puerco so that you can taste the full flavor of the Guac.  If you eat the Queso first, the sharp flavors will override the creamy, smooth, subtle flavors of the Guac.  The Guac is outstanding and definitely a must have.The Kettle of Green Chile Pork is pretty good.  It has similar flavors to the Queso, but without the Cheese.  It comes with Tortillas for dipping, wrapping, stuffing, etc.  The Pork Wings were awesome and very interesting.  They look like a Chicken Wing at first glance, but then you realize it's a Pork Rib cooked/cut to look like a Wing, but much larger.  These are full of flavor and a must have.The Big Ass Burger is big and sloppy.  The Poblano Pepper and Smoked Pepper Bacon flavors are prominent and offer a unique taste....which is very good.  Very difficult to take a bite of all layers at once...ha!The Filet has a smokey flavor to it.  It was cooked perfectly and very satisfying.  The service here is outstanding.  Despite being very busy during both visits, we had impeccable service.  Hats off to management and the staff.Return Factor - 100%
5	I visited Roaring Fork with a group of people from work.  The menu was limited by our planner but that was not an issue at all.  They set us up in a back room to provide us with privacy.  When we sat down the preplanned menu choices were on a placard with our company logo (nice touch).  The service was exceptional and the wine glasses were never empty.  The appetizers were a buffet of Mexican favorites which were all delicious.  I ordered the Dr Pepper Rib and tasty does not begin to tell the story.  It was cooked so perfectly that all I needed was a butter knife to cut it up.  It was served with asparagus and mashed potatoes.  To finish off  great meal I had creme brulee which I couldn't even finish.  Not because it wasn't great (it was) but I was so full from the meal.  The next time I'm in the valley, I will be visiting Roaring Fork.
3	Great location and ambiance. The food is more in the OK area.Green chilli pork was really good but the tortilla soup and bad ass burger just OK.The place seem to be always packed so be patient.A little price for what you get but a good place to have a couple of drinks, ok food and a good conversation.Cheers
4	Really liked the atmosphere. Very comfortable and upscale clientele. We love the tenderloin fondue appetizer. It was tremendous. We both had the teriyaki grilled salmon with reen bean salad and mashed potatoes. Service was great and would come back again.
3	Drinks were good and reasonable....Meal was good but hate it when everything is a   "side."  Good Steak but was disappointed in the chile mac'n'cheese.  Good service and a nice place.
4	I'm going to give a benefit of the doubt 4 stars here as I've only been once and it was with a large team of people who had traveled to Scottsdale for a business meeting so, the meal was one of those here's your salad, pick from these three entrees and these two desserts kind of deals.The salad non-choice was some fresh greens with what was a tasty vinaigrette that unfortunately was in short supply.  Entree choices were organic rotisserie chicken, grilled salmon and a Dr. Pepper beef short rib with tomato jam..  I went with the short rib and found it both good and disappointing.  The good was the fall off the bone quality of the meat itself plus the flavor of the meat and the less good was that it was kind of small, and too fatty.  Judging from the conversations around the table, sounds like the chicken was the way to go.  Dessert was an ancho-chocolate torte that was really pretty good and I'm not even really a sweets kind of guy.Walking to the banquet room we were in, I got to see some orders coming out to other tables and I saw some things that looked really good, including a delicious looking thick steak with some compound butter melting on top.  I would have ordered that in a heartbeat had it been one of our choices.  Service for the team meal seemed to be kind of slow with longer than should have been periods in between each course.
1	This restaurant was recommended to us by the concierge at the Phoenician, and I cannot figure out why. They told us it was business casual, but i saw hoodies, and jeans, which is fine, but don't pretend to be something you are not.  If it's  casual so be it, just say so.They seated us at the back of the restaurant, and it started out fine.  The salads were good, but then we sat for 20 minutes before they picked up the salad plates and trying to get their attention was impossible.  Never came and offered a second glass of wine, or even mentioned that they were running a little behind.  Actually thought about getting up and leaving.  When they finally brought the entree's it was not good.  My wife had the fried chicken with yukon mashed potatoes, and it looked like swanson TV dinner, I had the duck which the waiter recommended, and it was okay, but the side was not.  We asked for the check after the entree and left.  Overall the service was poor, the food mediocre, and the price high.  We will not be back and I shared our experience with the concierge at the PHoenician.  Not a good experience.....
4	I stopped in for Happy Hour recently. I ate, drank, talked and laughed for $33 spread over 3 1/2 hours. A FUN, upscale clientele in beautiful surroundings. The bartenders are professionals, the menu and drinks are all half priced. THEE BEST HAPPY HOUR IN SCOTTSDALE.
5	Have been to "The Fork" 3 times now.  Incredible staff, friendly managers and great food!  I worked in the restaurant industry for quite some time and I really think they know what they are doing!
5	My wife and I are in Scottsdale for spring training. We selected Roaring Fork based on Yelp reviews and our personal dining interests. Our experience met all of our expectations. We arrived on a Sunday evening without reservations. We were directed to the bar area by a very cordial hostess where seating was "first come first serve". We found a table and were given both the bar menu and the restaurant menu. Happy hour prices for both drinks and bar menu are all day on Sunday. We had a very delightful meal of a salad and appetizer selection of fish tacos and beef tenderloin sliders. Service was excellent as was the ambience of the facility. I highly recommend this venue.
5	Amazing!  We celebrated twin brothers' birthdays and everything from being seated on time, to our complimentary desserts, was perfect.  We were treated with the utmost respect and ate like kings!
4	Great food, great service, great ambience!
5	They have the best happy hour in town in terms of food quality. The service is exceptional as well.
5	My favorite neighborhood restaurant. Food is awesome and the staff is very friendly. Green Chili Pork and the Big Ass Burger are amazing with a Goose Island Belgian Style Ale.
5	Fantastic happy hour. All of the apps were great and well priced
5	Love, love, loved Roaring Fork! The dining room is warm and cozy, with lots of wood and stone in the decor. Usually a Southwestern theme like theirs can come across as pretty casual, but they manage to make it feel like a classic, upscale lodge and touches like lovely crystal and white table cloths lend to the appropriate high end atmosphere.Based on other great reviews, we started with the Kettle of Green Chile Pork, which was as amazing as expected. The amount of pork served was more than the initial serving of tortillas could accommodate, so we needed to request seconds so that we could scrape the bottom of the kettle and finish every last delicious tidbit.Our entrees were the Boneless Buttermilk Fried Chicken (mine), Sugar Cured Duck Breast (hubby) and Rainbow Trout (friend) All were delicious - I particularly loved the peppercorn gravy with my Fried Chicken, which was full of flavor. The Duck that my husband had was melt-in-your mouth tender and flavorful, and the skin on my friend's Trout was too good to leave on the plate (she normally bypasses it but instead it was her favorite part!) We did order a side of the Green Chili Mac n Cheese which was good, but not life changing.My memory is a bit fuzzy after all of that amazing food, but I believe we had a huckleberry bread pudding for dessert, which was a great way to end a super yummy meal. Service was good - not overwhelmingly personal, but attentive and nice.My hubby works just around the corner, so we nee to head back again very soon :)
4	One of the best happy hours around, but come early to get a spot on the patio because it fills up fast. The green chili pot and sliders are worth checking out.
5	Amazing service and food. We each had four different entrees that were unique and very favorable   Matt our server was the best at his craft that any of us has experienced
2	The only dish that was really good was the kettle of green chile pork (four stars).  Everything else was average. Tried the fondue.  When you dip anything in cheese, it should be good.  I've had much better.  I ordered the pork tenderloin wrapped in bacon, it was way too salty and had too much bacon that overpowered the dish.  Everyone that tried a bite said if was very "strong".  My husband got the halibut special, it was a little dry.  Friend got the fried chicken, she thought it was ok.  Fried chicken should be golden brown and this was a little over fried.  Other friend ordered the filet mignon medium....came out well done but she said it had a nice flavor even though it was over cooked.  Overall, was expecting more from this place.
4	Note: this review is for happy hour only.My husband and I sat on their front patio for happy hour. We ordered the guacamole, which was good but overpriced for happy hour, and then green chili pork, which was so worth every penny--absolutely delicious. We tried mojitos, margaritas, and the spiked arnold palmer. All were delicious and strong.The only places Roaring Fork loses points are the music: loud country. Bleh. And the patio view: parking lot.I'd definitely go back, though. Not sure I could afford the normal menu, but the happy hour does just fine.
4	Went to Roaring Fork with some coworkers after one of those coworkers kept telling us "it's the best burger you'll ever have" and you know what, it was pretty darn close.I've had a lot of burgers and this place has the "Big Ass Burger" and it was delicious. Cooked to perfection, all the toppings worked very well and the fries were great. Service was pretty good. The patio looked great, next time I will have to sit out there.If you like burgers, you'll love the Big Ass Burger! Get it!
5	Great food had the short rib and the pork tenderloin both amazing.
4	Fantastic happy hour all day on Sundays and Mondays. The food isn't cheap like you would expect for happy hour but drinks are cheap. The food is worth the price. Must try prime rib sliders with carmelized onions and horseradish cream and au jus; green chile pork; queso with green chile pork - too die for. Tried the green chile macaroni and cheese and it was just okay. Must get the prime rib sliders.
4	My husband and I took some clients to dinner here who were from Costa Rica. I chose this place feeling it may be quintessential Arizona, and it didn't disappoint. All 6 of the men ordered the rib eye steaks and each chose a different side since the steaks were a la carte. The sides were all served family style and were very decent portions for sharing. I ordered the carnitas with tortillas and it melted in my mouth! The tortillas were very good as well.They have a minimal menu, which was OK because what they did offer was delicious. My husband who is a steak  connoisseur , said it was one of the best steaks he has ever had.The wine list was lacking, but was decent. The happy hour prices are very good and I think the hubby and I will go back for happy hour appetizers and drinks for sure. (the guava mojito was yummy!)All told for seven of us with multiple alcoholic drinks, hefty meals and desserts, we got out for $600 with the tip, so not too bad. It was an excellent choice to capture Arizona and impressed our clients the way we were hoping to. The food was good, the ambiance nice but not stuffy, and the service was top notch.
5	Went here when I was in Scottsdale last month on a business trip after hearing about it from co-workers.  Needless to say, the Roaring Fork didn't disappoint.  First of all the service was awesome.  Our waitress not only helped me decide on what to order, but her suggestions were spot-on.  My boss and I split the Ahi Tuna Quesadilla and the Green Chile Mac & Cheese.  Mind you, I'm not a huge mac & cheese fan, but this was really good.  If I ate this more often, I could learn to be a fan.  Enjoyed the Boneless Buttermilk Chicken with smashed potatoes and Peppercorn Gravy.  It was delicious.  I wanted the Big Ass Burger, but the Chicken was incredible and I'm happy I ordered it.  My boss ordered the fish taco's which he said were just perfect.
1	Worst restaurant experience ever..!! I would give no stars if I can..Four stars on Yelp, so who wouldn't give it a try right..?!?! So my girlfriends and I chose this place for our happy hour gig. And so this is how it went. 3 friends first got to the place at 430ish and it was already almost packed at the bar area where the happy hour is only allowed. The 3 girls tried to scout the area where we could sit and enjoy but to no luck because the bar area is a first come first serve basis. They informed the receptionist and were offered that we can stay at the regular dining area but can only stay til 630..because they have reservation...(trying not to write down the girls' reactions to this). 10 girls all together for happy hour and only 2 hours to chat, that's not possible and to be told to have a time limit to eat at a well known restaurant..?!?!? So the receptionists offered to call the manager to settle and accommodate us who never came after 30mins. At this time, most of us already were in the restaurant and eager to sit and start. We were offered again to stay at the regular dining area but can only stay til 730..hmmm..we really wanted to try the place so we gave in, 3 hours will at least be enough..One of us stayed at the front area and insisted on talking to the manager while the rest of us were ushered to our table...all the way to the very far corner of the room..and the entire room is EMPTY..!!! And they have told us the tables are all reserved. We tried to take some deep breaths and still be optimistic with our day. Our friend who insisted on talking with the manager came back and told us of their conversation. She only stated to the manager that we have never heard of such comments (stated above) from restaurants staff ever before and this is what the manager whose name is Ivars Melbardis had told her: "We are already giving you a courtesy by giving you a table at the regular dining area." Really...?!?! We were all in shock!! We have never experienced anything like it. After hearing that shocking rude comment, we immediately decided to leave the place even though we've already been seated. We were in disbelief on how they treated paying customers like us and to say like we owe them for coming in to their restaurant. Such an arrogant manager! I know this might be a very rare occasion but there's no excuse to treat customers like that. It is very rude and inappropriate. I hope this never happens to those who wanna try this place or any other place in that matter. My friends and I just want this incident to be out there for awareness.
5	This is an oldie but goodie. The best Happy hour in Scottsdale. Get there early because it fills up fast. If you get the chance sit at the bar and talk with Stephan (fabio) you be able to tell what I mean!
5	One of my favorite restaurants in the valley!   They have the best happy hour location and best burger.  Great decor and excellent waitstaff!
3	The Fork was one of old time favz. But altho the food is O K , it has lost it's edge.  Kinda of old school.  We cannot rave over any of it but can't complain either.
3	Went here the other night and the space is really fun with an open kitchen concept.  This was not the first time we have been here but the first time I have written a review. We were seated outside and there was a private party going on.  They were doing a video and it was very loud.  Had they told us that was going on out on the patio we would have probably opted out of sitting out there.  The other thing about the patio and where we were sitting was there was no air movement so it was really hot out there and it was a cooler evening.On to the food.  It is restaurant week and they have a 3 course prix fixe menu.  2 of us went with that.  I started with the spinach salad.  It had way to much dressing on it to the point where the spinach was soggy.  The soft boiled egg on it was incredible.  Really creamy- outstanding really.  I got the pork porterhouse.  It was just ok for me and pork is one of those things I tend to eat out a lot because it always taste better in a restaurant. I didn't think this hit the mark.  I finished with the coconut cream pie which was a complete disappointment.  The custard never set up and it was runny.  The best meal of the evening hands down was the pork tenderloin.  The grits with the corn was excellent.  The best dessert?  The root beer float.
5	Went with a party of 16 and loved this place.  I had the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin with a side of the green chili mac and cheese and it was excellent.  My wife had fish tacos which were great as well.  Everyone at the table seemed to enjoy what they got.  The carnitas looked good and my friend said he enjoyed them.  His girlfriend had a filet and the one bite I tried of it was excellent.  The location is a little different, as people have said...but once you get in the front door, it's a cool atmosphere and the patio in the back is very nice and spacious.  I highly recommend trying this place out.
5	One of the best burgers I've ever had
5	We went for happy hour on a Friday at 6:30. Waited 12 minutes for a table  for four - not bad considering how crowded they were. The place was relaxing and accommodating (we had a disabled companion with us).  Our server was Shay and she was as good a waitress as I have ever had. Just the right combination of personable, helpful, efficient and not over-fawning. I would go back just to be in her section. Ask for her - you will not be disappointed! The food was fabulous. I had the Green Chile Pork Stew (on Shay's recommendation) and I now crave it. Hubby had the Big Ass burger which was just that. And while it was excellent, it could not be called a signature dish like mine. The tortilla soup was very good and surprising.  We enjoyed the salads as well. We all had the Guava Mojito which was quite good. Our dining companions raved about the Huckleberry Margaritas which they had on a previous visit so we are looking forward to trying them next time. I would like to try another dish but I suspect I will not be able to resist the pork stew. I highly recommend this restaurant and it is now at the top of our list of relaxed, delicious, reasonably priced happy hour spots in Scottsdale. We WILL be back!
4	Happy hour all night on Sundays and Mondays. Oh yes...who can complain about that? Answer: Nobody, except when you get there too late and all the tables have been taken. Womp womp.The weird thing about this place is the location. Tucked into the corner of an office complex? Very strange. However, I can appreciate food, especially the "Big Ass Burger" that lives up to its name. The thing is ginormous for a typical restaurant burger. Another item I love is the kettle of green chile pork with buttered tortillas. Pair that with a HH margarita and you're doin' just right.Good restaurant, solid food and service. Come for happy hour on Sunday and/or Monday, but get there early.
4	Went to try the happy hour and was pretty impressed. $5 martinis (perfect full pours) and really good margaritas. The Big Ass burger for $10 was very tasty. I had to box it up even, such a huge portion. The green chile pork dish was very tasty as well. Good service, nice bar area and good schedule on the happy hour. Every day from 4-7, Sun and Mon 4-close I think. I will be going back here for sure at some point.
5	Amazing place!  Atmosphere, food and prices (happy hour). We went there with 12 of our close friends for happy hour.  The service was stupendous, everything everyone ordered was top notch.  When I asked the waiter for a recommendation, he said everything on the menu was great and so right he was!  In our crowd we had the big ass burger, mixed green salad, pork wings, fish tacos.  Everyone in our group is a converted fan and we will definitely be back!
3	Food was great ribs fall off the boneSaw the bad ass burger it was huge! (that's the name of the burger)Make sure they don't put you next to the kitchen.  All the serves we're crowding around our table. Price is a little high
5	Love this place! We ate in the bar recently and everything from the food to the service was 5 stars! Our party had several items -the green chili pork appetizer, fried buttermilk chicken, filet, short ribs, and sliders. I wish I could remember the name of our server because she was very attentive and friendly.  Will be back!
4	This is a GREAT happy hour.  All night every night during the summer.  Gotta love a business that likes to cater to the locals!  They know we need a reason to step out of our air conditioning during these months of hell.  It can get pretty crowded in the lounge area (only place you can get hh) without the patio seating like in chiller months, but since it's also slower, it works.  The huckleberry marg is strong and packs a punch for $5.  All of the other app options are solid.  This one is going into the rotation for sure!
5	happy hour is awesome big fan of the fish tacos and blue cheese wedge !
3	A Happy Hour place.  Don't go if you expect any kind of service.  They cater to Happy Hour patrons only.  If you want to pay full price and order off the regular menu, good luck.  It's really sad, because when they finally acknowledge you, and your food finally arrives, it's rather decent. My steak was way over done, but that goes back to the bad service.  Quality was there.  My advice...  Go for the HH.  After that, I wouldn't do it based on my experience...  AND....  parking sux cuz the place is located on the bottom floor of a business complex.
5	i've been there a few times, food has always been delicious, had one service complaint and resolution exceeded expectations.  recommend the pork queso app, and the filet is fantastic
4	Great place for Happy Hour!  They have delicious margaritas and the Big Ass hamburger is second to none.  A must stop anytime I'm in Scottdale.
5	I have only been here once, but will definitely be back! We were seated right away, the waitress greeted us promptly and we were in a nice table for the two of use (not one of those two-seaters crammed up against the wall). The food is amazing! I'm pregnant so didn't get to enjoy any drinks, but my husband had a glass of wine from their more unique wine menu. We've noticed most restaurants tend to carry the same things, but not here, it was pleasantly different!I had the blackened redfish - delicious, cooked perfect, and the accompanyments were delish. My husband had the bacon-wrapped pork - I didn't try it but he loved it. It came with grits (he's from the south and orders then any chance he gets) and he said they were REALLY good.We will be back for sure!
5	Great place for an anniversary!   Fantastic service and great food.
5	Great Happy Hour that lasts all evening in the bar area, just get there early if you want to find a seat.  Love the pork green chile but it is super rich and best to share.
5	Great Happy Hour! Just get there early because the bar fills up fast.  Love the pork green chile.
5	Loving their during-the-summer-happy-hour-never-expires credo! Very nice.I went here after work one evening and the place was packed (on a Wed or Thurs, maybe) w/HH/dinner crowds - always a good sign. Bar tables were occupied so I sat out on patio - don't worry, it was shaded w/misters around perimeter. Classy yet un-pretentious vibe that I sensed also. Service was quick, friendly, and communication was ongoing throughout the evening - 5 stars there! I tried their Huckleberry Marg - so delicious! Plus, loved their presentation - huckleberry (preserve?) at bottom layer, then frozen marg, then one huckleberry dollop on top center. Sorta reminded me of a nipple, but was refreshing nevertheless.Since it was my 1x/week cheat-from-diet day, I ordered the kettle pork app w/flour tortillas. So dreamy! I had one, but then my internal guilt was screaming at me to refrain from 86-ing the rest, so I had the server sweep my goodness away. Booo! Also ordered the Peach Arnold Palmer. It was just "eh" for me. Overkill of the peach flavoring and really sweet.  Almost felt like I was drinking a small bottle of Bath & Body Works peach lotion, but the alcohol in it helped it go down.
4	Great atmosphere, the prime rib from the brick oven was especially delicious and tender as was the braised pork.. Green chile mac and cheese seemed to be the big draw, I found that a bit salty and quite filling.  Deserts are very good but nothing amazing
5	Their summer happy hour is great and runs through 10 PM! Specialty drinks and wine glasses are $5 but you have to order only from their happy hour menu.  Also, the food items are a delicious no matter what you order.  My favorite is the fondue with green chile pork.  This deal is only for the bar and patio areas not the dining room.
5	Awesome fish tacos - Happy hour awesome - very tough to get a table bar side - worth the wait! Always good service ...
2	This place is okay.  Food is fair, service fair but slow, drinks ( weak ), price a little high.  I have gone for happy hour a few times and the burger is good but after that very disappointing.  Modeled a little after Houston's that where the comparisons stop.... Food is nowhere near Houston's.  Drinks are all water and they charge you for a double if you order vodka on the rocks... Really!!!  My advise head down to old town.... It is 1 mile south!
5	Excellent happy hour! I wish it went a little bit later on weekdays. Flat bread was delicious as was my cocktail. Very relaxing patio and love that it's a little further out from the craziness that can be downtown Scottsdale
3	I work close and decided to go here on a date last week after walking in to check the place and menu out once before. After enjoying the atmosphere and then seeing the great reviews on Yelp, I decided to give it a shot. The waiter we had was very attentive and knowledgeable. My date and I ordered drinks, including a Sapphire martini, which came with a delicious flavored onion (onion requested). But the highlights were a huckleberry margarita and prickly pear mojito (both recommended). Where our experience fell off was with the entree that we shared. It was their market fresh halibut with arugula and watermelon. Unfortunately the fish came out over cooked and over seasoned and not seasoned properly, as the ingredients didn't seem to be complementary. After drinks, a shared appetizer, shared entree and tip, the bill was over $100.00 and I would have rather just skipped the food altogether.To be fair, this was our first experience at Roaring Fork and we only had one entree between the two of us. I will go back for happy hour and try something else and report back, but as of now, I can only recommend for drinks.
5	We've dined at Roaring Fork twice since my last review. Both times the food was excellent and the service fabulous. Extra points for serving Mercenary IPA.  Will go again!
4	Shrimp and Grits = A solid ten!  Beer selection = decent. Had enough choices to be good but nothing to rave about. Both IPA's I had were small batch (Colorado and Oregon) but were in a bottle and can (can which I really enjoyed). Wish they had a selection of craft beers in tap. Also had the fried banana split. Excellent. Would I go back - without question.
5	A little late, but hey, I'm getting it posted. In February of '11, I came here solo, and had the duck. It was superb, with a nice cool beer as the drinking compliment. The restaurant ambiance of weathered wood, and attention to service by staff were other items I noticed. I can highly (though belatedly, of course) recommend RF for dinner.
1	Food was great but the blond haired waitress was beyond rude. Sat out on the patio several Friday's ago, she brought me the wrong drink and insisted I ordered it even when the rest of my party stated to her that it wasn't what I ordered. Two Chips & Guacamole orders were placed and only one was delivered... yet two were on the bill, and my wife's on the rocks margarita came out blended and the waitress insisted it was ordered that way. Will go back only if friends want to go there, and next time we'll make sure we don't get that waitress!
4	Green chili pork is a must, very tender and delicious, waiter was good and my glass of water never went empty my only complain was a very bland filet minion....but my wife's duck was delicious, I'll be stopping by the next time I'm in Arizona.
3	Older crowd and older atmosphere.. Overall, it worked out fine.The food was fine and the drinks were fine.Ordered the big burger and yes it was big and filling for $10.The place was crowded.Service was fine.Just older overall.
5	Fantastic happy hour and excellent cuisine. It's a great place for both out of town visitors as well as locals!
4	Very good food.  They have a menu that kind of goes all over the place.  I had some kind of BLT as an appetizer and a steak with chorizo sauce as my main dish. Both were absolutely delicious.  The servers were fast and friendly, the place was very modern looks and reasonably quiet for as many people were there. Prices were a little high but not the end of the world, nor would it deter me from going there again.
4	I would give it 4.5 if I could. Queso con puerco was really good! Better than I expected. The manager saw that we wanted happy hour and got us sat just outside the bar but let us still get happy hour; amazing service! The pork was amazing! Got it to go and it was still good! Our server Matthew was great I will request him next time I am in.
5	Amazing green pork chili appetizer!  Amazing green chili Mac & cheese, picky about Mac & cheese! Waitress was very knowledgable. I'll be back soon
5	We came early and intended to eat off the happy hour menu.  However, when we walked through the front door and saw (and smelled) the pork roasting on the spit, I knew we were in trouble.  We did have HH drinks and the tortilla soup (which was amazing).  Then we went for the pork carnitas and the pork tenderloin.  Both were excellent, but the carnitas really stold the show.
4	I've been here several times, both for pleasure and for business.  Never disappoints.  As my friend Gabi mentioned, the Happy Hour is still excellent.  The food is very good, and the wait staff has never been less than excellent.
4	Good happy hour.  We ordered almost all the dishes on the appetizer menu and they were great.  Notably, the queso con puerco is delicious!  I also like the pork wings.  Chicken on flat bread is good, as is guacamole.  You cannot beat $5 drinks - several good spirit drinks and wine, too.  I had two mojitos and they were fine.We sat on the patio and it was very pleasant.  The bill for two drinks and two appetizers was $28 before tip.I recommend this happy hour.
4	I ate at Roaring Fork during a recent business trip to the Scottsdale area.  We were quite a large party - 10 people, but the service was very good.  We were all served promptly and the waiters were friendly and helpful.I had the roasted chicken with cornbread stuffing which was very good - the flavor and crispy skin on the chicken was really nice and the stuffing was delicious.  Many of our group had the Big Ass Burger which looked really good, and everyone seemed to enjoy it as well.If I was looking for a casual dinner in the Scottsdale area in the future, Roaring Fork would definitely be on my list.
4	Happy Hour is the best time to visit and is the best value. Don't miss the "Big Ass" burger or green chili pork. Get there before the 4pm start of happy hour to ensure you get a seat. There's often a line out the door!
4	The Green chile mac and cheese was incredible! Everything is fresh and so delicious! Husband had the half chicken and raved about the corn stuffing. All their ingredients have a southern flair but not as greasy! Def recommend!
5	Delectable!!!!!  That's the one word that comes to mind. Fresh, farm to table type food. Choice cuts of meat grilled to perfection. Reasonable wine prices and great selection. We went back two days later.
5	What an incredible early afternoon post-workday! We arrived at 4p for their happy hour and found a wonderful table out on their small patio. As we waited for friends, we ordered their chips and queso, which I am quite certain has some sort of magic voodoo in it! Loaded with roasted pork and loads of imported cheeses, it is quite possibly one of the greatest quesos this Texan has ever tasted! For our supper, we ordered their chicken flatbread - a huge concoction of incredible! We also could not leave without their green chili pork and warm tortillas... another favorite. Service was a bit slow this time as it was crowded on the patio but we always go back for happy hour.
5	Beef fondue = unusual and delicious. 8oz. Filet = goodRed blackened fish = has a kick and is flavorfulPecan pie with sea salt caramel gelato = yumService = excellent
4	Excellent meal!  I had pork shoulder carnitas with an excellent wine.  They have some interesting cocktails too.. I think my friend had an agave margarita?  Also tried the watermelon salad which was delicious.  Price was just right and the service was very good. Make a reservation for a weekend evening, it tends to get pretty busy.  Very nice patio also!  I'll be back!
4	The only bad thing about Roaring Fork is trying to find it and parking your car in a office building parking lot. Once you get inside everything is great, even if you end up sitting on the patio. I've taken a date there, gone to happy hour with the guys, and even treated the parents to a good steak. Green chile appetizer is unique and the Big Ass Burger is phenomenal. Beer and wine selection is fantastic, only draw back is I'm always too full for dessert. TIP: Go on Monday's for all day happy hour!
5	This was awesome! We came for our anniversary and made reservations. They had our table ready when we arrived complete with an anniversary card and a rose! I ordered the bacon pork tenderloin and my man had the Big Ass Burger. The tenderloin was perfect and the burger was HUGE. They kept congratulating us on our anniversary which was so sweet. They also gave us complimentary dessert - we picked the creme brulee which was fantastic! Best anniversary, best customer service and best food ever! Thank you Roaring Fork!
5	Just enjoyed a wonderful dinner with friends to celebrate a birthday. The atmosphere was very nice as was the staff. Highly recommend the buttermilk chicken.
4	Roaring Forks is one of the best restaurants I've been to in a while. A couple friends took me here to celebrate my birthday. For appetizers, we decided on the green chile pork which is served with tortillas and pork wings served with vegetables and a Dr. Pepper BBQ sauce. The green chili pork was flavorful and had a little spice to it but it was not overwhelming. I didn't really know what to expect with the pork wings but they took me by surprise. They were very tasty and tender. The Dr. Pepper BBQ sauce was just icing on the cake. For dinner, I had the buttermilk fried chicken breast with mashed potatoes. The skin was a nice golden brown with a crunch and the chicken breast itself was juicy. I believe they used red potatoes for the mashed potatoes and gravy. The mashed potatoes were good but didn't blow me away. But then again they are just mashed potatoes. I also had a huckleberry margarita to compliment my meal.
4	This place was very nice. Lovely atmosphere, kind waiters, even the support staff was nice. Kinda tricky to get into, but once you figure out the parking situation, it is A-okay. It had a very warm-n-fuzzy atmosphere, very posh without extreme pretension. It is just north of Downtown Scottsdale, so you would expect it to be expensive. (It is pricey, but not more than you would expect.) The Green Chili mac n' Cheese was indeed, just as my friend told me, phenomenal. Good beer selection too! We had one of the burgers on the table and everything was good about it except!: It lacked a slight bit of salt on the patty and the bread could be more dense. It was a little airy (the bread) and had less flavor than I hoped. Having a good bun for your burger is VERY important. Other than that, this place was pretty rockin.
2	The food here is good, not great, solid good. The hostess, the first and last impression was horrible. Her attitude stuck out the whole meal. Her body language, demeanor, and attitude made a lasting impression. It's a team effort and this solid 3 is now a 2. Enjoy.
4	Heard of this place off its Yelp review. Was not disappointed. Started with Con Queso, which was promptly devoured. My girlfriend and I each had the fried chicken. Cooked to perfection, with an impeccable peppercorn sauce. Service was great as well. Drink menu had a nice mix. Only gave 4 stars because the menu was too meat-oriented.
5	Went here with my manager and coworker for a holiday meal, and it was gorgeous - the only issue really was finding out way into/around the parking area.  Once we got inside it was all good.  Beautiful aromas wafted around the place, nice mood lighting.  We had the old vine zinfandel - highly recommended - and the mussels to start.  Then I had the filet minon special; heavenly!  For dessert the spicy chocolate torte.  Truly this meal had me feeling like all other foods I'd ever eaten were a sham!  SO GOOD!  And the service was excellent, too.
4	Took my out of town cousins to the place as I know they like to eat.  This place delivers, although at first we had a bad table, next to the outside seating, too drafty, but they did reseat us.  The pork appetizer is very tasty, a bit spicy, good flavors.  The guac is chunky and full of flavor, unlike that of another place I recently panned.  Cousin had short ribs, a generous portion and found it very flavorful.  My fish tacos were quite good as well, and my husband loved the generous portion of trout.  I think almost everything is well prepared with good flavor.  Great for out of town guests.
5	We've driven by this place a many times....so, We finally decided to give it a shot. Needless to say , it is our new favorite place to go.  Food is great, awesome happy hour and every time we have been in, the staff has always been nice and prompt.It has a comfortable atmosphere with indoor and outdoor seating.Love it!!
3	Not impressed with food. Didn't like sauce on lambchops. Service was great! The bar had crowded tables, hard to manuever around. I will try it another time because it was recommended by friends who go often and enjoy the snapper snd salads. The chocolate torte was rich and pretty good. I wish the RF all the best!
1	If your over 55 and enjoy overpriced "Happy Hour" food then this is your place. It is also cramped and crowded at the bar and I spotted a good number of those fruit fleas swirling around the bar area. Place caters to the well heeled and sweater wearing crowd and although it was Monday Night football, no volume was on the small TV and nobody, but me, was really interested in the game. The least expensive food for HH is 6 bucks and that is bowl of soup. Other dishes that came out looked like the ole tiny portions at HH prices swaperoo. I tried their famous Huckleberry margarita and although not bad, it came out of a machine and a swirl of huckleberry or something similar was put on top of drink. Nothing here at this place warrants a return viisit and they should work on that fruit fly problem beacuse that is a major issue swatting them away sitting at the bar.
5	Delish! Pecan pie dessert was to die for!!!! Happy hour prices are great. From out of town and so glad we checked Yelp and found this gem.
4	The Roaring fork was conveniently located across from the resort my girlfriend and I stayed at for NYE. We were able to make it for Happy Hour and was pleasantly surprised to find several tempting options on the modified menu. When I walked in and saw another couple eating, I saw that the guy had a big ass burger. Me being a typical guy, I looked to my girlfriend and asked if I could have a big ass burger, as if I was a kid that needed permission to spoil myself. When I sat down and looked at the menu looking for the big ass burger that I saw, and there it was on the menu: "The Big Ass Burger". I was like damn, didn't really think they'd call it that.
5	Awesome decor, great service, hidden gem in Scottsdale. Delicious and unique menu. The lamb fondue was so great, the trout, salads and chicken. Interesting bread basket with an assortment of muffins and breads and a diverse dessert menu. They need something a bit more chocolate on it ;)Great place!  One of the best restaurants I have been to in Scottsdale!!!
4	Sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Good.  If I didnt believe 5 starts gets overused, id do it.  I had ZERO complaints.  We went for Happy hour and had Tortilla Soup, Kettle Green Chile Pork and the Big Ass Burger along with a couple Arnold Palmers.  All for under Awesome food, all of it;...the pork is the shining star here.  Service was great!  Great waitress, and supporting staff as well.  Will be back soon no doubt.
5	Love tis place for NYE with my family!
5	The Mahi Mahi fish tacos. Period.Wow! I loved my fish tacos! I did not expect to find such a thing in the middle of the desert. I went solo and sat in the patio which was pretty nice (closed off in winter with fire going to stay warm). The waitress was attentive and pleasant. The chocolate torte was oh-la-la good! It is at the bottom of an office complex which was hard for me to find at first, but I had no issue with parking when I did (office hours were over). Apparently this is also supposed to be in Austin, so I plan to try the Austin one on my next trip that way!
5	Someone should have told me about this happy hour! This really is the best value for happy hour that I have ever seen. You get food off their regular fantastic menu at a discounted price and they don't skimp and give you tiny portions like many places do for happy hour. I shared the "big ass burger"  and the green chili pork and they were both really good. The burger really is huge but really good and comes with fries. The green chili was good spicy and flavorful and I want to go back for more! Drinks, they have about 5 signature drinks for happy hour that are $5 and a few wines as well. Great value. The guava mojito was amazing and I could have had several! The margarita was a dissappointment, too much sour mix. Stick with the mojitos! They are great. This really didn't feel like happy hour with the full meal we had at such a great price for such a nice restaurant. Service was good and not pushy or trying to rush you at all which is a nice change! I will be back very soon!
5	Everything is awesome.  Guac.  Their unique version of carne guisada tacos.  Carne con Queso was unique.  Redfish was tasty as well as the filet and Grouper.
5	This place was a bit of a fancier American-style restaurant. Table cloths, multiple forks.... and DELICIOUS FOOD and greeat cocktails. My boyfriend got the boysenberry margharita and I just got the regular and both were made to perfection. He ordered the half chicken and green beans and potatoes which was just made so well, the chicken especially was really flaborful and juicy! He ate more than he usually does. Also I got the carnitas with a side of asparagus instead of buttered tortillas. Even though they did charge and extra $3.50 for 3 asparagus spears, all the food was amazing. The server, Amy, who helped us was a total doll as well. Kudos to her and the cooks. A great Birthday dinner!!Oh and they hooked us up with an amazing deep fried banana-stuffed tortilla (that kinda tasted like a churro) and ice cream (to make a mexican bana split) and it was seriously the MOST yummy dessert I have had... maybe ever. Do not skimp on the dessert!!
2	Wow, I have never eaten at a place that was so all over the map in regards to service/food quality.  My husband and I came here on a Saturday evening to celebrate our wedding anniversary.  Now, I was a dumb-o and forgot to make reservations.  I did try that morning, but you have to leave a voice mail because they don't open till 4, so that was totally my bad.  When we got there right at 6 pm, there was no one waiting in the waiting area and the bar was filling up.  We saw about 8 empty tables in the restaurant, I was excited because I thought oh good, we can still get a seat in the main restaurant.  We asked the hostess for a table for two.  She looked at me like I was crazy and said, sorry we are all booked up, you can go sit in the bar or our next available seating is at 9 (WHAT?!).  I said, well I can see several open tables and no one is waiting here, I didn't realize this was a reservation only restaurant, there was no mention of it on your website.  She then says, well its Saturday, so yeah its pretty much reservation only.  This older gal was none to friendly and said, just go hang out in the bar area and scope out tables.  Um, ok...So we decided to sit in the bar and take her advice on 'scoping out' a table.  We find a table quickly and our bar waitress was not helpful at all.  Took her 5 min to hand us a menu, we ask for a regular menu, she brings one 5 min later.  I ask her for another regular menu so my husband can look at one too and she replies, oh ok...Off she goes, where to, nobody knows...In the meantime, the seating in the bar is just what you'd expect, crowded, not that comfortable, so we scope out one of the three booths in the bar area and waited until this couple left and switched to that booth.  This booth was great, even though we were in the bar, didn't feel crowded or rushed at all.  So, that was nice, plus our server over at the booth was much more attentive and friendly...OK, on to the food....We ordered the mojito and their signature margarita.  The mojito was delish.  First time I had ever had one and I would totally order again.  The margarita was gross.  It was straight up tequila or something.  Maybe others would be happy about that (LOL), but I was not.  We didn't even drink more than a few sips.  Told the waitress, her response...sorry.On to our appetizer, we got the Big Ass Burger.  It was very good.  Definitely a great happy hour item.  We split this and loved it.For dinner, I ordered the pork tenderloin with Mexican street corn and grits.  This was good.  The pork did not have much flavor (it was wrapped in bacon) which was surprising, but it tasted good if you ate it with a bit of the corn and grits with it.  My husband ordered the ribeye steak.  This came out BLACK.  He took a few bites and called over the waitress to tell her all he could taste was the charred from the steak.  So they send it back and remake him one (the manager comes over and profusely apologizes, which was nice).   The redone steak came out great and we were happy with it, tasted flavorful, etc.Now, the manager comes back and says, we comped the drinks and the steak for your trouble.  I am thinking, wow this is great!  How nice of them, the evening started out crappy, the steak was burned, this will be great.  NO, while they did comp the drinks, they comped the REMADE steak.  So, our check showed two steaks, with one written off.  I bring this to the waitresses attention and she goes to check with her manager.  She comes back and says, no the bill is right.  We are comping the steak we remade for you. I was in disbelief.  Needless to say, our first impression of The Roaring Fork was not good and we will not be back.  Too bad, b/c I think the place has potential, but I can get food just as good, for half the prices and pretenses elsewhere...
5	Went with large group...the GPS tried to route us elsewhere (old location?) but a few illegal turns and we were there. Had reservations, went right in and the menu was fantastic; so many great options for everyone, I wish I had one close as I'd return weekly until I worked my way through the selections. Don't miss the Queso con Puerco (we ordered a second). Everything we tried was great, as was the service.
5	Happy Hour menu is incredible. The Big Ass Burger is incredible.  The green chile pork, incredible.I would probably never eat at the actual restaurant, due to its price... but they know how to host a happy hour.
5	The "Big Ass" burger was delicious I would recommend that to anyone. This was my first time and I was very much pleased. Would definitely come back and have dinner here.
5	Ok, so, I'm not sure if I just finished dinner, had an ecstatic spiritual transformation, or a really good sexual experience. Holy foodgasm. I ordered an orgy of pork and loved it all. Two words: HAPPY HOUR. Just do it. Food for 3, drinks, dessert--all delicious. $77. Need I say more? Go to Roaring Fork. Get porked.
5	OMG   GRAET VALUE!  The happy hour here is awesome. Do try their big Ass burger as it's the best!The ambience, service and every  item we ordered was most excellent !  Inexpensive drinks too.  Happy hour is first come first serve....and busy as the word is out. Get there early!
5	Excellent meal, the rainbow trout was cooked perfectly, I highly recommend it, the green chile mac and cheese was delicious, Bob provided great service and everyone was friendly, managers asked if everything was good, great place. An easy walk from the Doubletree Paradise Valley.
4	Yummy steaks, great atmosphere, good wine list.  All around great!  It was a bit rowdy but it was fun.
4	Advice:  Make a reservationThe place was packed on a Sunday night (and it wasn't happy hour).   Not a table open and we did not have a reservation.   They found our party of two a small table by the fountain in the back patio.   We weren't happy with the table or location but we were hungry and stayed.   Our server Bob was great.   Service was perfect.We ordered appetizers for our dinner and they were all very good.  The flatbread pizza, tortilla soup, steamed mussels and guacamole.   The mussels dish was huge and very good.We ordered cocktails and they were great and served quickly.  Will definitely return and hit the HH next time or make a reservation.
1	Man , I hate doing this, but in true yelp fashion, I have to ding em HARD!   I never ding hard.  But this was a BAD EXPERIENCE!     Let me back up!?We are in Phoenix for a weeklong vacation over the valentines day week and on holiday with me , my wife, mother and father - in law, we book this reso with OpenTable  for 4 and they get us hooked in.  All is well, we get a confirm phone call, my wife also calls and requests the patio for seating, asks about happy hour everything sounds awesome, we are all in.  All is confirmed.  I have 5 emails , 1 call and we are all set.   I thought, but remember VALENTINES DAY at 5pm IS A TOUGH NIGHT for restaurants, especially this one!.   Well this restaurant was something, here we go hold on kiddies, it may get rough from here on out so hold on.  We walk in, its not horribly busy, but they have 50 in the bar, fighting for seats, it looked like an old, retired, 4pm happy hour crowd, it was classic, all feeding on whatever was out there, it was a mosh pit of old people, retirees in Phoenix I assume.    So they seat us quick, very cordial, but the old lady behind the reservations system didnt know how to operate the computer so the NERVOUS Matre De or GM, whatever was instructing over her shoulder, whatever..new person at the desk..so we get seated and we are in a dark corner behind a pole.  At this point I go speak to the Matre De and ask if we can sit in the bar or on the patio.  Remind you, I reserved PATIO on the RESO.   He says NO, your reserved seating is inside here.  OK, what about giving us the happy hour pricing you promised us in our current seats.  NOPE.  No deal.   hmm...I go back to talk to my party, they are life lets leave.I say let me talk to bumbles bly at the front computer, maybe she is in charge.  She has no clue, I told her if you cannot fix our seating, or honor your deal we got via the phone call to you less that a week ago, we are leaving!    Ok, BYE!  REALLY!   BYE!  Ok, we are off , as I walked into the parking lot with my $350 I had budgeted for this meal, I said to my wife, and her folks, they should call this place the ROARING F-YOU, it was deadpan, they were not amused!We happily called a wonderful restaurant in Old Town Scottsdale, and I would totally recommend them as a 5 STAR!  Citizens Public House, they had a table waiting by the time we got there from ROARING F-YOU , and they were happy to see us.I dont get it, the food smelled delicious, reviews were pretty stellar, we called talked, communicated, all was on, then a F-YOU and we dont care.  Is this Scottsdale Attitude I hear about, or just stupidity?    If I was the owner I would fire the GM, the door that night, or rethink my service standard.Weak, I if I could have given them less than 1 star I would have given them a HALF star, place smelled delishious and I was ready to go off on the drinks and food.  Missed opportunity.  I would love a reply from management, maybe I missed something on there end.    Moving on.....I will not return.   BOooo...!  Hiss.....a big miss.....
5	Full disclosure - I usually do not take the time to write reviews.   But this was a Yelp classic.  We hit the Roaring Fork happy hour and sat outdoors on the patio. (Note:  The patio is first-come-first served.  We waited about 10 minutes)   I followed the recommendations to the letter - Signature Margarita, Green Chile Pork (with yummy tortillas) and Big Ass Burger.  Then I went off the reservation and had a Guava Mojito (yes, that is correct.)  Everything was fantastic.  Two of use ate and drank freely for under $40!  Next time we are going to eat indoors - because just as we were leaving they brought out a 20 oz. bone-in rib-eye to the table next to us.  It looked fantastic and had a mountain of asparagus on the side.   We found this place on Yelp, followed the Foodie instructions, and it was a home-run.  We visit Scottsdale about 5 times and year and this will be new stop on the tour.
3	Good happy hour, green chili cheese with tortillas and the pork wings are really done well.The big ass burger is a top choice here, the roasted chicken is good a little on the salty side, but I'm all about that so I liked it, they roast it there in front which is nice.Overall good food.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale. I usually eat here either the first or second day that I arrive.Kettle of Green Chili PorkGreen Chili Mac & CheeseAre my absolute favorites! And also the famous Banana Split (ask for two banana scoops!)
4	Happy hour heaven. What does this vegetarian order from this meat and potatoes place? GREEN CHILI MAC N CHEESE!! That is all I need and all I could ever want. I dream of it. My hubby and I have never actually eaten in the restaurant area, just the bar. The happy hour is awesome. They have amazing cocktails for about $5 each. The margaritas are so refreshing. They have martinis on special too with decent vodka and gin. I always order a dirty martini and it comes out perfect, with delicious blue cheese olives. And the portion is generous... their is usually enough in the shaker for one and a half martinis. My husband orders either the Big Ass burger or the green chili pork stew. Both he said are phenomenal with a generous portion but he has a special place in his heart for the Big Ass burger. It is always cooked exactly how he asks for it, which he is picky about. The fries it comes with are tasty. I have stolen many off his plate.On to the the mac n cheese... it comes out bubbling hot in its own kettle. The top is a layer of crunchy goodness. It is gooey, green, and a bit spicy. It is HEAVEN. I end up scraping the crunchy bits off the side of the kettle. It is THAT good.My only complaint has nothing to do with the restaurant but the patrons. There is almost always a wait in the bar area of people eager to take advantage of their great happy hour. While some people are nice, some are total A-holes. I don't know if it is the area, after all it is Paradise Valley and Scottsdale, but there is an entitlement issue going on. I have had many people try to snatch a table or bar seats from us when we were waiting longer than they were. We had to stand our ground and things have been unpleasant at times. We are nice people... we have pointed out tables to people who are waiting before us. Unfortunately, most patrons of this bar aren't  nice. I think it would be great if they ran a wait list in the bar area or if the staff stepped in somehow. It sucks having to deal with these snotty and rude people and makes waiting for our table an unpleasant experience.Once that business is over though, it is a wonderful experience. Delicious grub, perfect cocktails, great service, and nice environment. Minus the A-holes...
5	Enjoyed the roaring fork so much !  I would suggest better signage for out of towners but that is the only thing I can suggest.   The  green chili pork with fresh tortillas was fabulous .  The pork wings were pretty good but could have been more tender .  The big ass burger was enjoyed by my husband and son and I really enjoyed the fish tacos .  Great service and the ambiance on the patio was just the best !   Enjoy this place ... Too bad I don't live in Scottsdale as I would be a regular !
3	This restaurant is very large, and is located in the bottom of an office building. We ordered the fried chicken and the rotisserie chicken. Both of the meals were fine, and the rotisserie chicken was a bit dry. We sat on the patio, which was huge, but the traffic was very loud on Scottsdale road. Overall, the meal was fine. There wasn't anything to really complain about, and the service was good. It was just pretty average.
5	Hadn't eaten here in many years, but this last visit confirmed my recollection of their first-rate food. Artful presentation, excellent food, and attentive service make this a near must when visiting Phoenix.
3	Myself and a couple coworkers decided to try Roaring Fork for dinner on a Monday night. Upon entering, we really liked the atmosphere and energy of the restaurant. I will say that the food was mediocre for the price however. I ordered the Prickly Pear Mojito and I would not even call this drink a mojito. It tasted like drinking a glass of juice with no mint or rum flavor whatsoever. The green chile mac and cheese is good but nothing I would describe as over the top delicious. I had the grouper for my main meal and I felt the dish was lacking vegetables and balance. I was given a HUGE piece of fish rested on a small pile of spinach. The entire plate was HEAVILY doused in a beurre blanc sauce. Overall, way too salty and not terribly impressive.The food is ok but definitely not worth the price tag.
3	Went there for a family B-Day celebration and thought it was fine.  Our server did a great job.  She checked in just the right amount of times, not overbearing and didn't disappear either.  As for the food: the roasted chicken flat-bread was a nice starter, Salad was good and fish tacos were well prepared, not too heavy and tasty. For all of that I would have easily given Roaring Fork 4 stars.  The reason I didn't is that their restroom was an absolute disaster. Yes, its connected with the office building above the restaurant but that is still no excuse. And when I write, "disaster" what I really mean is "disgusting".  I won't go into detail other than to say, I rarely even notice a restaurant's restroom facilities and have never written a word about one.  But given the amount of business that Roaring Fork does and the amount of money being spent nightly in this place, these guys really need to stretch the budget to get this facility serviced every hour or so to make sure its clean and reflects the standards of the restaurant overall.
4	Great happy hour scene and food selection. Honesty i would say the seafood is generally avg given pricing, but the meat dishes are really quality and worth your time and $$&
5	I made a reservation to go here for my sister's 21st birthday, and overall, it was a great experience! The food was absolutely delicious, and our waitress provided excellent service.  We were sat in the patio/dining area, and it was a great atmosphere.  My sister got to order her first drink, and she thought they were good-- her favorite was the Category 6 Lemonade!  We also ordered a white russian, huckleberry martini Martini, and a Chocolate Martini.  For food, we got the Scallops, Spinach Chicken Waldorf Salad, Lamb Chops & Fondue, and the Green Chili Mac and cheese.  The rest of the table ordered the "Big Ass Burger", which was excellent, and huge!!! Since it was her birthday, the restaurant allowed me to bring a birthday cake, and they served it after dinner, and lit the candles for us! Overall, it was an awesome dinner! I would highly recommend going here, and I am sure we will go back for more burgers!!!
4	Fantastic happy hour. If the fish tacos, guacamole and tortilla soup weren't amazing enough on the happy hour menu...they even make a terrific burger! You just can't go wrong with anything on the happy hour menu. As for the regular menu, haven't had anything I didn't like but the best are definitely the fish dishes paired with the street corn! Mmm, will be back soon!
4	OMG! These people don't play! Came here for happy hour and if was off the chain! Big ass burger and huckleberry margarita were the bombdizzle! They don't skimp on the alchohol! Drink totally worth it! Burger with tender beef, roaster green pepper, homemade fries with yummy aioli ! Heaven!  Ambience : lots of old folks but we came for the food !Dress code: think tommy banana for guys and for girls... Whateva!
5	Food and service is wonderful! After trying Roaring Fork for my friend's birthday a few months ago, I decided to bring a visiting friend to try it again. We had a great visit, with even better food. We had the Green Chili Pork appetizer (which we later said would be perfect as an entree and maybe could just eat that the rest of our lives and be happy). I had the pork chops and she had trout. It was all fantastic! Roaring Fork has definitely become one of my favorites, and a place that I look forward to bringing out of town guests to - to show off the great food in Scottsdale!
4	Every time I've been here the food has been great. I have to say though, my most recent trip 4/14, the service was SERIOUSLY lacking. When we told the head hostess we were there for happy hour not dinner, her smile turned to a frown and she quickly told us to seat ourselves. We were still without silverware when our food started coming out and then a server spilled the toppings from our chips all over the table, told us he'd be back to clean it up and never came back. Still have to give it 4 stars though  since this is my first review of this place and past experiences with service weren't this bad.
4	Solid place! Reservation is definitely needed, as it's popular. And, for good reason! They know how to cook pork probably better than any I've ever had. That enough should justify a 5. But, only thing I'd change would be the environment. It was a bit noisy and the windows were covered up with some decoration that I didn't really prefer. It you don't care about any of that, I'll tell you this is a gem. The clever drinks also hit the spot. Thanks Roaring Fork!
5	The quality of their food is amazing and when I received the check I was shocked that it wasn't more expensive. If you are visiting Scottsdale AZ you have to make time for this resturant!
1	My friend and I showed up for Easter brunch only to be turned away.  They just said we have no openings, did not say when next available time would be.  Disgusting regard for customers,  I've never felt so insulted.
5	Incredible salmon with a delicious sauce, good wine selection, wonderful cocktails, and awesome service. I was very impressed on Saturday night.  Came with a group of ladies and my friend was even treated to a drink for her birthday. All the food was so yummy and the drinks too! Well worth the price.
3	Disclaimer: I only went to the happy hour.I live across Roaring Fork and have meaning to come here for a while now. I came with a couple of friends and was able to try a few options on the menu. The first thing I would say is that they don't skimp on happy hour foods. The portions are large and we were all definitely full when we left (and tipsy, but I'll talk more about that later).Food we got:1- Guac: Eh. Honestly, I've had better. For $7, it was a little expensive and not very worth it. I wouldn't recommend getting this. 2- Green Chili Pork: The pork was really tender and the flavors were pretty good. I wouldn't go back just for this, but if I were to go back, I would order it again. They give a really large amount of this and the jalepeno that came with it was just the right amount of spicy :)3- Tortilla Soup: Another mediocre dish. However, it was exactly like what they described (with the rotisserie chicken, avocado and tortilla strips) so I guess there isn't anything to complain about.4- Burger: This was good. From the reviews, I expected something amazing. However, it is great for the price and definitely filling. It was HUGE and the fries that came with it were also pretty good.Drinks:Huckleberry Frozen Margarita: This was SO strong. I drank about 1/3 of my drink and gave up. I really appreciate the fact that they give you so much alcohol, but I really did not need that much. Citrus Mojita: Eh. Not great. It wasn't citrus-y enough for me, but that may be just personal preference. Overall, it was fine but I do want to try it for regular dinner one night because I have had friends give Roading Fork raving reviews.
5	All time favorite restaurant so far in Scottsdale! I have been 3 times and never been disappointed! Make sure you make a reservation, there is a reason this place is always packed! Everything I have tried has been absolutely mouthwateringly delicious! Honestly they have the best taste to their food! You cannot go wrong with steak very tender, juicy and full of flavor! I had asparagus with the steak that was delicious! Another time I had the trout which was to die for. I wanted to lick my plate! I have also sampled: cedar planked salmon, scallops, duck and carnitas - all of which were absolutely delicious! This is our go to restaurant for any visitors and special occasions. Don't read anymore, just go!
5	Best Happy Hour in town!! The Green Pork Chili with the Hot Buttered Tortillas is quintessential Southwestern eating.  And the Huckleberry Margaritas are a must...$5 at HH!  The best deal is the Big Ass Burger, enough for two.  Sunday and Monday are the best days to go because it's all day Happy Hour so no crazy crowds!
5	My husband and I were moving from San Diego to Mississippi, and stopped for a night in Scottsdale. Not realizing the power of the extreme heat and extreme humidity, we decided to walk to the roaring fork from our hotel.We quickly found a seat in the bar, and were immediately greeted by two wonderful servers (whose names I do not recall). We started with guacamole as an appetizer, along with a huckleberry margarita and an adult Arnold Palmer. The guacamole was okay, nothing to write home about but not bad by any means. We also ordered 2 big ass burgers for our entrees. We finished with a huckleberry cobbler ala mode for dessert.Service was absolutely fantastic. Our servers were incredibly personable and gave us great insight on where else we should stop in Scottsdale. I want to say that it was the best service I've ever received at any restaurant.The cherry on top was the huckleberry margarita.  I think I drank three. It was perfectly strong, perfectly tart, and perfectly sweet. I honestly dream about this margarita. It's been almost a year, and I can still taste it when I think about it.Scottsdale is not on our planned route for our trip back to San Diego in June, but we will be going out of our way to go there again.
2	The service was very spotty. Maybe this was because we were seated in the waaay back. We ordered the flatbread appetizer and it was both the least appetizing looking and tasting thing I've ordered from a restaurant in a long while. DO NOT ORDER THIS!!As for the entree, I got the big ass burger. Big? Yes. Have any  taste? No. I even saw another Roaring Fork all the way in Austin, TX when I visited a few weeks later and I avoided it at all costs.
4	We had a reservation for a Friday night and we are glad that we had one. The place was packed. A large group was next to us on the patio. We were warned upfront that they could be loud and they were. The food was very good and the portions were rather large. The service was very attentive and friendly. We liked the restaurant a lot. One problem as out of towners that we experienced was the location of the place. The address says that it is on N Scottsdale Road while it is really on Chapparal. It is very difficult to see from Scottsdale Road. There is room for improvement to make it easier for people who are not familiar with the exact location.
3	We came here for Mothers Day brunch. First thing we noticed was the horrible directions to get here.  The buffet was a nice spread but a lot of the items were spicy and I don't like to much spice. Other things that are normally good we're just bland. My usual breakfast dish is biscuits and gravy and I couldn't finish my serving. I would have to come back and try something from their normal menu because I wasn't impressed with the buffet or the price -$30 a person for Mother's Day brunch. I'm giving it a 3 because it is a nice restaurant and clean. The service was average.
3	Very hard to find, parking was a nightmare, don't go in the garage, Mother's Day brunch, way overpriced buffet at $42, a few ok items, wasn't too impressed, mimosa was tasty with the right amount of champagne, service was good, mediocre at best
4	Delicious! I made a reservation here after reading yelp reviews and I'm so glad I did. It was right across the street from our hotel. The service was great. My mom ordered the fried chicken, she loved it. There were no bones, the chicken was moist and the outside extremely crunchy. I ordered the roast chicken with corn bread stuffing and it was so great! Chicken very moist and flavorful and the corn bread stuffing was to die for! I deduct only one star for location. It is in the middle of office buildings. Honestly though, once you're inside you wouldn't know the difference.
4	Love the food and the service, especially if you get Shay, is impeccable. We have frequently said she is the reason we keep going back (ok, it doesn't hurt that their food is also great).  She not only remembers us as we go there at least twice a month but, comes to the table with our drink orders - how's that for service?!  We love their guac appetizer, their salads, buttermilk chicken and green chili pork.  I am sure everything on the menu is great but, we love those so much we haven't tried anything else.  The couple of things that are negatives are the nasty attitude of the people at the front desk.  They also insist on reservations.  There are so many empty booths and tables and yet they will turn you away at 9 pm on a Friday if you don't have a reservation.  We then made a reservation through Open Table on our phone and they immediately seated us.  SERIOUSLY??!?!?  Still, the food and atmosphere are great.
4	Found this place on Yelp.  It was hard to find, as it was not right off the road, but in the back of the parking lot.Made reservations, were taken right in.  Server was very attentive. I got the Big Ass Hamburger and I was too full for dessert.  Delicious. Pricy, upscale splurge. The memory of that hamburger may bring me back for more.
5	My review is only based on the appetizers. and drinks during Happy Hour. Having not been here before, my niece recommended the Beef Tenderloin Sliders and the Kettle of Green Chili Pork with hot buttered flour tortillas. Both apps were great but I especially liked the kettle of chili and we ended up ordered a second round of it. Drinks also were great as I had the Citrus Mojito and my niece ordered the Huckleberry Frozen Margarita.
2	I was really disappointed this evening. We stopped in last night and had such marvelous service that I booked for the following night for a group of 6. They were so kind to accommodate us. We went back tonight...the food was wonderful but the service did not merit the price of the restaurant. Our waiter, Darrell, virtually ignored us...long spaces between courses, no explanations. 4 of the 6 had the fixed price and had given their dessert order. He left the remaining 2 with a menu but never came back to follow up. We finally asked the bus boy/man.  I had also booked the reservation telling them we were celebrating a birthday and a graduation...of which no mention was made.  I was embarrassed that some of our guests were disappointed, and disappointed that my grandson's graduation was not acknowledged when they told me they would be sure to mark it down. Although the food and atmosphere were great, there are other places who respect our desire for value for money spent.
2	Let me start by saying the food was delicious and cooked to our liking. However, the portions were very small. Don't come here if you are looking for the "Hungryman" dinner. The service was where our family was greatly disappointed. We waited far too long to receive the next course (15+ minutes) and our waiter was no where to be found, never checking to see how we liked our dinner. My water glass set empty during half the meal until I snagged a busboy to fill it for me. I saw our waiter only once during the meal when he did a "flyby" through his serving area, not making eye contact with any of his tables. We waited and waited to order an after dinner beverage and when it was finally brought to the table, our waiter tried to leave both glasses with the closest person rather than distribute them accordingly. Our waiter shall go nameless here as I do not wish to humiliate openly on the web, but something was not quite right with this guy! Not just his absence, but his actions, speech, facial expressions and demeanor. I think that this establishment needs to reevaluate its hiring/training standards.
4	The ambiance of this place would be perfect for a date night or a get together where it is possible to have a conversation. Definitely has an upscale feel but without being pretentious. They take reservations and I would definitely make another one! The food was great and the wait staff all seemed to really enjoy their work, not a single bitter Waffle House waitress in the place. Lots of unique flavors and the Mac and cheese is a must!
1	Came here for a work dinner - the food and service were great - however - I left my sunglasses at the table and when I called back almost minutes later they were already snatched up by someone on the staff. I find it very disheartening that a business lacks ethics. In fact, I had reservations to come back the next day and decided to take our group somewhere else because we just couldn't fathom giving our money to a place that promotes this kind of behavior. I asked for follow up from a manager and still haven't heard a thing. Really a shame.
5	great burgers, great happy hour.  friendly management and staff.  always a great place to eat.
5	So good!!!  Green chile pork appetizer, green chile Mac and cheese, fish tacos and short ribs were amazing!!!
4	Really good Pork Wings and fish tacos. I will differently craving the fish tacos again later. Only domestic beer but still pretty good.
5	Great food, great service, great environment! Will definitely be back!
5	We ordered the fried avocado, the barramundi, and a bone in ribeye steak. It was one of the best meals I've had, period. To top it off, the coffee was crazy good at the end and made me question the true meaning of life. Awesome!
4	Went for Happy Hour and was impressed with the selection of drinks and appetizers.  Right now they are running an extended happy hour through Labor Day (4-10pm).  They have a variety of mojitos and margaritas for $5.  We had the fish tacos and burger ($10 ea).  It is 2 tacos, each with a good sized piece of grilled fish and the burger comes with all the goodies, including fries.  Even though when we were there at HH on a Friday night, staff was pleasant and tentative.  A bit older crowd than some other of the  places in Scottsdale which was a nice change of pace.
5	Conveniently located across from Firesky Resort- I was able to walk over and place my order.  I didn't call ahead, but it took approximately ten minutes to get my chicken flatbread.  It was sooo yummy and not too heavy.  I reccommend that as an entree!
4	I had never been to the Roaring Fork before, but I was excited to try it, based on the recommendations from friends and family.I was pleased with our meal - we had a variety of items, and all were very well done. We loved the heirloom tomato salad with goat cheese and arugula. This was probably our favorite thing. We also tried the lamb chop fondue, which was very good, but a little difficult to eat. I'd still recommend it though.We decided to split the Big Ass Burger, for which I am glad, since it was huge, and it came with fries. This item was so memorable, since I loved the poblano pepper on the burger. Since we were splitting, we also ordered the green chili mac and cheese. This was delicious! I'll definitely try it again.Very courteous wait staff, and very nice ambient room. I can't wait to go back for half-priced appetizers!
2	I went there with a group of friends to try their happy hour menu but that was only available at the bar. We didn't really cared about it so we say at one of the tables. I got a guava mojito and the 'big-ass' burger. I thought the guava mojito was very delicious but the burger was not so great. The burger was very dry. I heard great things about this place but the food was just okay. To top it off, the service wAs bad. Our server was an A-hole and he kept on pushing us to order appetizers even though we already said we were going to wait for our friend. Was he thinking that we were not going to get any food??
5	The happy hour here is wonderful and it is all day/night during the summer.  The big ass burger is properly named and the drinks were strong. The only drawback is so many people are aware of the awesomeness of the place that it was jam packed. Every time I had been here I am amazed at the diversity of the patrons. From 21 - 90, every age range is represented. Insider tip - Don't bring a bassinet and give sour faces to people next to you in a crowded bar. Yea lady, you know who you are.
5	I made a reservation here to celebrate a one year anniversary with my girlfriend.  We arrived to our table with a signed card from the staff which was a nice touch.  Our server was prompt and cordial, and the food was fantastic.  I went with the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin and my girl got a filet.  Both were cooked perfectly.  They even offered us a free desert of our choice.Overall it was great service and great food.  No draft beers which was a bummer, but still a decent selection of bottled beers.
5	First happy hour here for several years and it was well worth returning for another. The quality of the food was excellent: chicken flatbread, all salads, tortilla soup, fish tacos, all were great.  Alcohol prices were reasonable at $5 for several wines, martini, manhattan, margarita..  Desserts are not included in happy hour but not ruinously priced. Service was great, whenever we needed something she was there and bus staff was always close by. We were impressed. There was a surprise when the bill arrived as the low priced items add up. Price, including tip came to $141 for four. Still a great meal for the price.
5	Great food and service ! This place is AWESOME!!! Everything was delicious and the atmosphere so fun. I would come back in a heartbeat!
5	My favorite happy hour spot... And my cousin agrees!We have come here several times for their fabulous kettle chilli verde pork and martinis. Both of these items are on the happy hour menu. Other favorites are the flatbread, big ass burger (yes it's ginormous), and their amazing fish tacos. My best friend loves their huckleberry margaritas.I've been coming to this place for happy hour for the past 7 years and will be a continuing customer because of their delectable and affordable bites. Thank you RF!
5	Not going to lie.....the location is kind of hidden. However, the food was glorious! Came in on a Sunday....happy hour was in effect. Great prices. Ordered the pork and green chili in a kettle and the street corn. Guac for the appetizer. Everything was soo flavorful and filling. A little bit older of a crowd but no bad vibes or anything. We sat at a high top table but the bartender sounded like he was engaging the people who were belly up to the bar. Good vibes. Definite yes if you're looking for a new place to drink and be happy.
1	The receptionist claimed she didn't have my reservation, despite my email confirmation. They had no place settings so the receptionist threw them together at the table, setting the silverware on directly on the table to do so (a no-no). We were not brought menus. Twenty minutes went by and they still had not taken even a drink order (though a busser had brought bread). My date had to go inside and ask for service. When my parents arrived they suddenly found my reservation, and the receptionist told them I had not arrived yet (which I had)! As a result, they had to search all over the restaurant to find us. They finally took our drink order and a bit later actually delivered us menus! The food was adequate and overpriced for the quality. Would not go back.
5	Incredible food, and impeccable service.  We came here for dinner the last night we were in town, and were blown away by the attention to detail.  Our server was incredible and very helpful with regard to my partner's food allergies.  As others said, it is definitely a little difficult to find, especially if you are not familiar with the area, but we will definitely return once we move to the area!
5	Went here for the first time for restaurant week...and it was amazing.- Amazing green chili pork with tortillas... (and I don't even really care for pork) and this was really good.-Filet was cooked well and the green chili mac and cheese was life changing..I will be back for happy hour!! I highly recommend good food and service.
5	This place is a modestly priced restaurant with great  quality and great atmosphere.  We had the green chili pork stew as an appetizer.  It comes with warm tortillas and sorrento peppers.  Incredible.  Our group had the pork carnitas, the pork loin, and the halibut.  We all shared the green chili mac and cheese.  Needless to say, we went away full and extremely satisfied.  The waitstaff was great.  I would recommend a trip to Scottsdale to check this place out.
5	This is my favorite restaurant of all. I travel extensively and eat out way too much. I love this place not only for the BEST happy hour...but for the consistent quality of food...not the greatest of gourmet food...do not desire gourmet food all the time...but SO good plain ass food. Love the wait staff also.
4	Had a great time. Sat at the bar for happy hour and enjoyed good conversation,  libations and great food. 4-7 is there happy hour times. Go. Enjoy. Leave snooty attitudes at home this place is well priced, very comfortable and warm. A favorite... thanks guys
4	If you are heading here for happy hour, I am about to give you the best Yelp advice ever. Go early and scope out tables that are paying their check, stand there and wrestle any interlopers to the floor in a fight to the death. Why? Because my party was polite and gave our names to wait for a happy hour table as they were all full. We sat there while 20 or so people just barged through the hostess podium and snagged up every seat that was opening up. Being somewhat intelligent, we learned to do the same and finally got a spot in the bar, which is the only place that serves happy hour drinks and specials. I think if you go there by five you may get a seat instantly, otherwise, use my ninja method and you will access the greatness that is The Roaring Fork. Super vibe, everyone glad to be there. Wait staff is overworked with the crazed happy hour bunch, so if you're having a date night, sit in the upscale dining area that will impress your special someone. People were well-dressed, mainly professionals and quite a few retirees (Area is full of senior neighborhoods). The happy hour drinks do not skimp on the alcohol. Quite the opposite, so have a DD. The big ass burger is a must, we also got raves on the chili verde pork and salads. Nothing was sub par except the learning curve on figuring out how to get into this place. My advice to the management would be to actually require the hostess to seat people, so that the rudest, pushiest people do not win. Take names and have your seating be as beautiful a thing as your food. Because those pushy people are also walking around the place like sharks hunting prey and we found that to be very annoying.
5	My husband enjoyed the boneless chicken. I loved the pork tenderloin!  Great service!!
5	This is one of our favorite places to take out of towners. The ambiance, food quality and scrumptious drinks are all 5 stars. The Big A** Burger is the best in town and only $10 on HH. $5 well drinks, including standard vodka or gin martinis and more. Everything I've had on the menu has been excellent. You cannot go wrong here!
5	Service was and always is amazing. Food here is exceptional. Happy hour here is non stop and always perfect.
5	My boyfriend and I went there for desserts last night. Our intentions were to get the chocolate lava cake, but unfortunately we found out that they do not have it anymore since 5 years. No big deal! Instead, we got the ancho chocolate cake and the pecan pie...they were both really delicious! Our service was very kind with us! I liked also the classy and romantic atmosphere of the restaurant. This place definitely made our Sunday night even greater! :-)
4	Very good spot, one of the nicest restaurant I've been too, decor was excellent.  Our waiter was awesome, very good attention. Got the fried buttermilk chicken, wow! Just Wow.  And the price was great, expected to pay much more, looked so fancy inside.
5	Went here for the first time tonight for our 6 year anniversary. The boyfriend ordered the BQQ Dr.Pepper wings and I had the rotisserie chicken flatbread (which can feed 2, by the way). Both were delicious! To drink, I ordered the Huckleberry margarita which I also recommended. To end the meal, he had the raspberry sorbet and I the salted caramel gelato. Both heaven to our tastebuds. The service was excellent and the food came out lightening fast.
5	Drove cross town and was not disappointed.  Atmosphere is super comfortable .. pork tenderloin, apps, sides all just right.  Happy hour drinks ($5 Manhattans!) a great deal (beware, bar is crowded.)Highly recommend .. Always.
5	As always great food and drinks. The servers and bar tenders are very friendly and helpful. I highly recommend this place. I will come here every time I'm out in Arizona.
4	Always a go to spot when we're looking for a delicious manhatten or margarita for 5 bucks during happy hour.  The setting and decor is rustic reminding me of a cozy lodge, however the service and cuisine is high end and there is integrity through every item on the menu. Each item is  classic comfort  with complex and elevated flavors.  This is a great spot to warm the belly and soul
4	I went here with my boyfriend last night.  We opted for the happy hour on the patio.  I really liked that the happy hour runs all night long.  And they got great prices! $5 glasses of wine and cocktails.  My boyfriend got the big burger for only $10 he said it was good but he likes other burgers from other places better. I Got the fish tacos, the fish was really tasty, but the tortillas were cold.that's the reason why I gave it a 4 star instead of 5. I got to say I loved our server; she was very nice and attentive.
4	very good not off the chart, excellent service, reservation are very prompt. Good food
4	Being someone who doesn't eat meat, steakhouses are frequently a challenge. This place was super delicious though! I got the rainbow trout, which had butter and lemon and amazing fried capers. Everything was cooked well and the fried capers made them so incredible! I also got the Gold Fashioned drink, which had huckleberry juice and blueberries in addition to whiskey (so tasty!). I would be back constantly (especially for happy hour!) if I lived closer!
5	So unbelievably delicious! This was my third visit to Roaring Fork even though I don't live here. I keep coming back because the food is always good but last night our meal was my favorite so far. I ate 2 new creations from the executive chef. The beet salad was the best beet salad I've ever had. And yes,  I've had a lot of beet salads! Red and gold beets cooked in their wood fire grill served with an amazing citrus infused whipped goat cheese and chive oil made in-house with pine nuts.The second was the pork belly that was just divine. In addition we ordered the green chili mac and cheese. While this is not one of the executive chef's creations it really is a delicious dish and now I know how it's made. Roasted poblanos blended with spinach. To die for!Go to Roaring Fork and sit by the kitchen so you can talk to the executive chef. It will enhance your experience greatly if you're a true foodie.
4	In one week of being in Phoenix I stopped at this place 3 times because they have a great happy hour! All we had were drinks and apps, but they were all very good and great priced. I mean $5 for a Manhattan is just crazy and it was very good. They Huckleberry margarita was also amazing. Service was also very good and I like atmosphere. Get in there for a "Big Ass" burger!
5	Epic $10 happy hour burger.  Seriously....  Great staff.  Absolutely recommend on Sun-Mon all night happy hour.
5	This Phoenix favorite has left me wanting more. The ambience is warm and cozy, the happy hour menu is very nice with some of their house specialties included, the food is superb, and the service is fabulous. We sat in the outside bar area with a lovely fire nearby and the heaters blazing warmth with a nice chill in the outside air. Our server was amazing - great personality and perfect recommendations for us. We started with some happy hour favorites - fish tacos and pork wings with a few beers and a glass of wine. Our party of four was ready for the meal - scallops for my friend (grilled perfectly and flavored delicately); filet for her hubby (also cooked to perfection with a nice salty tang); my hubby had the ny strip - (huge cut of perfectly grilled steak); and I had the cioppino (loaded with monkfish, scallops, mussels, and lobster broth). To say the meal was amazing is an understatement. I would eat anything off that menu! Our dessert included their house pecan pie (loaded with chocolate chips & toffee bits) - a super decadent example of pecan pie with a buttery flaked crust. Our friends had the huckleberry cheesecake which was good but not as good as the pie with salted caramel ice cream. You must not pass this up! All in all, a perfect evening at Roaring Fork. Thanks guys!
4	The Happy Hour at Roaring Fork can't be beat.  If you have a chance to sit at the bar you can see Mike, aka Bar Ninja, make drinks super fast. They have drink specials and make a great gin martini with blue cheese olives for $5! We love the green chile pork, big a$$ burger, and the green chile mac and cheese. This place is packed for happy hour, so sometimes it is difficult to get a table, but if you are willing to hang out for a bit something will open up and it is definitely worth the wait! Also, sign up for the rewards card and you will get points that earn you discounts off your bill.
3	If you live in the Phoenix area, I imagine this would be a good consistent place to eat a nice dinner. If you are visiting, like us, we were a little disappointed. Grant it - the food was good, the service was excellent (although our server did not have much of a personality and made it very transactional), and the ambiance nice. But there was nothing about this restaurant that would make me go again. The food was your average steakhouse food, and although it was all prepared well, there was nothing unique about it. If you are looking for something different, this may not be the place for you.
4	Yummy! I hadn't been here in about 4 years, and I went for dinner with some friends and family. I ordered the fish tacos, and they were so delicious. Thumbs up! The service is very friendly, even though the food came out slightly slow.
4	So long as they have the Carnitas tacos, you're in luck. Truthfully, all the meals we've had here are great (didn't love the mac & cheese though), but the best are the Carnitas tacos. Get there early though- the last two visits they ran out, and it was only 6:30pm! Last time we were lucky and they were able to get them for us after all, but they're in high demand, because they are de-li-cious.
5	We recently took my parents here. I like the steak house feel. It's very classy spot. Food is fantastic. The bread basket, especially the corn bread is delicious. Everyone loved their food. Definitely will be back. Service excellent.
4	If you are in the area, this is a great restaurant to visit for its wood fire inspired dishes. The bone in ribeye was especially flavorful and bold with the open flame char. The cedar plank salmon was delicious and perfectly prepared. The service is attentive but not overbearing.
5	A couple friends and I decided to go out to dinner on New Years night, after our normal argumentative bickering trying to come up with a place to eat that would satisfy all 5 of us, we decided on a place down the street from our house called "The Roaring Fork". Seeing how none of us had ever been there before we were going in with our heads held high and our stomaches rumbling. We sat down and were instantaneously greeted by our server Bob. He went over the nightly specials with us and got our drink order, after quietly deciding our appetizer choice as well as our entrees we began to tell Bob, then the bad news set in, 3 of the people in our group were set on entree choices that they had ran out of for the night, with doubts they settled on choice number two. After 15 minutes our table was approached by what appeared to be the manager of the restaurant, later to find out was a corporate manager, with shame he explained to the 3 who chose option number two that they had also ran out of those menu items due to the fact that everything is made fresh on site and the evening was busier then expected. With extreme disappointment, they agreed to give the special (an 8 ounce filet) a try. The food came out rather quickly, they brought out salads to make up for the wait time, they brought out sides that they thought we would enjoy and when the main meal arrived, the 5 of us were fans. The food was excellent, and the service was even better. I eat out almost every night of the week, as someone with a rather busy schedule I find it easier to go out for dinner than spend time coming up with an alternative option. As we all know, it is extremely frustrating when we go to a restaurant and things go wrong, or our food isn't up to par, and we aren't compensated, or we don't get a table visit from a manager. Not only was our experience turned completely around, but our entire meal was taken care of. I can honestly say I am more then pleased with our visit, I would suggest this place to anyone looking for great food and service. I will return to The Roaring Fork as often as possible.
4	Ok, the prices on the happy hour menu is kind of high to be happy about but the food is pretty solid.The sliders are a bit weak - 2 per order, comes on a plate with some horseradish and aujus and fries.  The sliders themselves are actually small bits of sirloin meat.  With the sauce it was actually quite tasty.  The waiter kinda spilled au jus into the horseradish while delivering the plate which kinda made it look unappetizing but I'm glad we pushed through.  :PThe green chili pork is very good.  I like the hint of spice and large chunks of pork.  It comes with a couple of grilled tortillas.  We also tried the chicken flatbread which was a bit more oily than I thought it would be but the pesto flavor really comes through and the chicken bits on top were plenty.  The big ass burger was also delicious, however, a bit dry.  At $11 it really should be juicier.. afterall there are many ten dollar burger places one can go to in that area.All in all, it's a decent spot for happy hours with friends.  The drinks are a bit weak and they charge $5 each.  There probably are some better spots but I would recommend trying at least sporadically.
4	Me and my wife went here for dinner and ordered the NY strip and the double cut pork chop. They were both delicious! The only complaint I have is the NY strip was $45 which was a big surprise when yelp has it rated as $$. Overall great food and service but be ready for the steak to be over priced.
5	We love this place. Great happy hour! Steaks are very good.Patio seating is very nice.
