1	Definitely not (even) the best Korean!!! Am sorry i have to give this review but this place is a noooo.  I went there today with a friend to check it out.....We tried to get a take out menu.....it wasn't even written in ENGLISH at all (if that was really the menus) couldn't find them anyways.  So we said lets take a seat and try it.  A lovely Korean lady comes up to us try to take the order. We couldn't communicate and you know why??? She barely spoke English...Nop, sorry not even close to English.  But as a foreigner i respect that so i tried some hand techniques....   I tried to order a calamari and even though i was showing her what i was craving i end up getting some shrimp thing....was mediocre!!! There were another 2 people in the store eating, around 230pm.  I order some Korean ribs plate for around $6.95, it tasted ok and the rest of the sides didn't really excite me.  Other than that i find Korean people very friendly and nice.  I might give it another try sometime soon.
5	Ichiban has quickly become one of my favorite places for great food.  My work-mates and I go there at least twice a week for lunch.  Although the name implies Japanese, the owners are local Korean folk who are extremely friendly.  The food is made by them fresh, so you know it's authentic.  So what if their English is broken and hard to understand.  When it comes to the other International language, the language of food, it's easy to understand, and what they're dishin' out translates to "deliciousness" in my stomach!  I haven't tried their sushi but their traditional Korean fare is excellent- banchan (side dishes) with home made kimchi, kalbi (beef ribs), yoo ka jang spicy soup, seafood soon du bu (seafood spicy soup) are all at the top of my list.  The prices are reasonable and the service is very friendly.  I haven't been there in the evening but my friend Suejin highly recommends it as she's spent many an evening there, happily drinking soju and sake while tabletop-grilling kalbi.  And if you know Sue like I know Sue, you know she's one tough Korean cookie to please, and Sue is always pleased when she's at Ichiban.
1	This is simply to note that we have no review since the place is CLOSED.
