5	I have now tried 3 yoga classes at Studio north yoga. Each time with a different instructor. As a busy women - with  two jobs, two kids, house etc...I find it almost imossible to turn inwards and tune out while at the same time, know I am working my body. I have found solace in studio North. First class experienced instructors, yogini atmosphere, and relaxed disposition. The instructoars cater to all levels from beginner to advanced and truly know their stuff.Who knew that having a chime in my ear during savasana with vibrations could actually be a spiritual experience.I dont feel like I am working out, and yet, the perspiration and next day aches portray a differnt story.
5	I love the variety this studio provides.  Yoga, Zumba, Tabata, Restorative...  Keeps it interesting!  Great atmosphere, great instructors, really cool husband and wife owners.  They offered a free class on Mother's Day for moms-  Whitey ( husband) handed out roses for all the moms and healthy homemade cookies Mariah ( wife) had made for us.  :). Just not something you experience at Big Box gyms!  Affordable rather than outrageous, welcoming to newbies, and intuitive enough to keep adding/tweaking the schedule per feedback from their customers.  So happy to have them so close by!
5	My husband and I have attended the beginning yoga class on Thursday pretty consistently, and really enjoy this studio. The teacher is kind and knowledgeable. There is no competition to be the best yogi in the room, and you will feel comfortable as a beginner at this class. Also, treat yourself to a  yogurt at the Yogurtology next door to the studio.
5	Beautiful studio, amazing instructors. Everyone is so friendly. Wonderful neighborhood yoga/fitness facility without that gym feeling. Great place to get in shape, meet new friends and learn how you can keep healthy! I highly recommend Studio North Yoga & Dance! Zumba Fitness classes are a MUST!
5	This is the perfect atmosphere  to get in shape. Great studio, friendly instructors and the owners are very welcoming. Wide variety of classes so you won't get bored . I would definitely recommend.
5	I did a Zumba class with Jennifer Ragan and I was more than pleased. She makes it easy to quickly learn the movies and start burning those calories!  She made it so fun I forgot I was working out. I'll definitely be back for more.  The Studio is also fantastic and everyone is so nice and friendly.
5	Just took my first ever Zumba class this morning. I loved it! The instructor, Laja, was a fun-filled energy ball of sass & sabor. Great choreography, awesome music selection, & positive vibes. She was very friendly, welcoming, & encouraging. As an outsider/newbie, I felt very comfortable. The Zumba class lasted a full hour. It started off with warm-up type dance moves then progressed into high energy, faster paced, bon-bon shaking power moves. Towards the end of the hour (the last 5 or 10 minutes), she slowed it down and incorporated some muscle stretches into the cool down period. I was a hot, sweaty mess at the end of the hour, but I truly had a blast and will definitely take one of her classes again. There are several ceiling fans & 2 large industrial fans to help keep the dancers cool. It's a small studio, but there were only a total of 5 of us today. I don't know how it'd work with a larger group. There's a filtered water cooler for use if you forget to bring a water bottle.  They had a few organic goods for sale, like natural deodorant. They allow new students to take the first class free of charge.  Specials on membership prices are available via their website, and I saw a Yelp deal as well. Located in a strip mall, next to the Safeway off of Greenway & 64th, so plenty of parking.
5	Yesterday I decided to begin taking Zumba classes, so I hopped on Yelp and found this lovely studio! The Yelp reviews do not lie! As a first timer, Zumba definitely kicked my butt!!!! My instructor, Jenifer, was SO full of energy and absolutely amazing at what she does. Be sure to go attend one of her classes! She will work you HARD and incorporates a variety of music. I am very sore today, but I'm sure tomorrow will be worse! ;) I look forward to making this a routine and will definitely be back!
