4	A nice little shoe store. Not as overwhelming as DSW and not boring and ghetto like Famous Footwear. Nice layout with good organization: Wedges in one area, flats in another, tennys in another, etc. Affordable prices unlike DSW where shoes are still expensive simply because they are name brand even though they are marked down. I havnt purchased anything from the Carnival yet but its only a matter of time since they do have some really cute shoes. Overall, a very pleasant shopping experience at Shoe Carnival.   :)A suggestion: To stick to the carnival theme, I think all the employees should have to dress as clowns!!! Haha JK
4	Very nice shoe store if you're looking for basic dress shoes. Major brands, good prices, well stocked - first rate shoe store.
2	It's more like a shoe farm than a carnival - a lot of uninteresting shoes in large quantities.  I was really excited when this place opened up because there are not enough shoe stores in the world.  I've been in several times and it's always a let down, I think they need to get a new buyer before they go belly up.
4	We took our boys to Shoe Carnival the weekend of July 20th  for back to school shoe shopping I have to admit it was a little overwhelming since all of the little kids shoes were totally picked over however the shoes floor attendant named Jake was very helpful. He measured the boys feet and found out we could actually move up to the adult sizes so were able to find shoes and still get he great buy one get one 50 percent off special. We walked out with a pair of Nikes and a pair of Vans for under 70 bucks total. If you have kids in size 5 to 7 don't plan on being able to find anything during the special buy one get one 50 percent off sales even if you are there three weeks before the back to school rush (I started this review on my phone and forgot to log in to post it back then)
5	Clearance items on further sale.... Check back of the store.  Great deals right now.  BOGO plus extra $ off.  Got shoes for me and husband.  Spent $175 for over $400 worth of shoes (6 pairs plus two packs of socks).  Teva fans they are on clearance.  Normally $69, clearance $30, plus another $5.  Good selection of tennis shoes... Nike flex on sale for $59.  Staff realty helpful.
