4	It's a good price, 24/7. They need a BETTER news tv station.  Fox News is TERRIBLE.   Why not have Fox and CNN?  I wish they would tell people that they need to CLEAN the machines after they use them and monitor the 30 minute workout better....it seems like people have NO clue how to use the area....it is not a free weight section people, you need to switch places when the light turns red!!!!
4	I have been a member now for about 4 months and have no issues.  They have great staff.  The price is still the price.  The 24/7 availability is wonderful because I like to get up with the chickens & my husband wants to work out after everyone has gone to bed.  I am happy with this gym!
4	Great gym and great prices. Only $10/month and it's a pretty big gym with all the usual equipment. Nothing fancy like pools or rock walls or saunas but enough to get the job done. It would be awesome if they did have classes (they have unlimited personal training at certain times) like yoga and girly stuff like that. Even after the new years it hasn't been too crowded which is nice because you never really have to wait for anything (except the bench press). On Mondays they have free pizza which everyone grapples over and it seems like everyone brings their family in just to chow down (the opposite of getting fit, eh?) but whatever. Pretty cool place.
4	Its a great place, excellent price, awesome staff, AMAZING ammenities. My only thing is that I wish it had a stairclimber. Other than that I would totally rate it a 5 star :)
5	Clean environment and a wide variety of workout equipment available. I go 6 days a week and haven't found anything bad about this place. The staff is friendly and helpful as well. The prices are VERY reasonable. Good non-intimidating atmosphere.
4	Great gym for the basics. Not for hardcore lifters as they don't have a ton of free weight equipment (benches, racks, etc.) plus they clearly state "no deadlifting." But as I'm pressed for time and have limited myself to aerobics (plenty of elliptical, bikes and treadmills) and circuit training (30 Minute Express Workout), this place is great, priced right (no contract) and close.
5	Possibly the best gym i've ever been to. Very clean and love the fact that they're open 24/7!!
4	I left LA Fitness and joined Planet Fitness and was afraid to make the change, but haven't looked back!  PF Chandler is GREAT!  Staff is friendly, always greets you and says goodbye, pleasant if I have questions or am ready to use the tanning or other Black Card amenities.  I like that the equipment is uniform, all the bikes, treadmills, elliptical, etc are the same, so regardless of which  elliptical you get it it's going to operate the same way the one next to it does.  The price can't be beat, at $20/month and I can bring a guest with me every time, no questions asked!  If you need a pool or childcare, this ISN'T the place but no pool & childcare= lower insurance and lower monthly dues!
3	I felt like a total traitor coming here due to my love affair with Lifetime Fitness. However, my friend needed to work out and this was closer. First off, compared to Lifetime this place is crap. It's hideous purple color and these "no judgement" signs are bull.Now putting my snobbish Lifetime sensibilities behind me I actually enjoyed this gym.Everything was super clean, from the machines to the bathrooms. And that's difficult to accomplish when everyone is sweaty and needing to poop after a good workout.I also like the wall of keys, I have forgotten my keys so many times at the gym that I can really appreciate a wall to store keys while working out.And I love their little "quick 30 minute workout" area. It is a totally genius idea and I adored every minute of it.However I've been spoiled by the endless supply of clean towels at Lifetime and at Planet fitness they give you cheap brown paper towels and spray bottles instead. Such a cop out.So I would come back for sure, I might even jump ship because it's cheaper and more convenient - only if they replace the crappy paper towels with some real towels!
2	So I've been to this location and the one in Phoenix off ray and the 10. My friend has a membership here. So we've been gym buddies and trying to encourage each other to go more often. Sometimes u need that extra push to get you there! If you want something super basic, nothing flashy or fancy then this is the gym for you. It's about $10 a month, or you can do $20 a month for all locations and bring unlimited number of guests. Now I'm torn between a 2 star and 3 star rating for this place. First, I've been a member with 24 hour for years. Not switching, they're pretty basic as well, nothing fancy, has everything I need for a very reasonably priced. However, my gym has a sauna, basketball court, classes, pool, etc. which Planet does not. The big thing for me was no sauna! what!? AND what is up with that lunk alarm thing? They're supposed to be a judgment free gym supposedly, but then they have this alarm which screams and flashes when someone drops a heavy weight, grunts, or actually exerts effort.  what the!!?? Doesn't really make sense to me. & is that really necessary?
5	I LOVE their motto "Judgement free zone" and it feels that way too.   It is definitely the cleanest gym I've ever belonged to.  I'm really glad our family started going here.  The staff is really friendly. Anna is our morning favorite.
5	I haven't been to a gym in years....too many years. I joined Planet Fitness yesterday on my son's recommendation. He has been coming here for several months...being on a college student budget, the price is perfect for him. Being unsure about joining a gym, the price was perfect for me, too. I have now been twice and I am really pleased! The staff is friendly and Anna is just awesome!! The place is spotless. There are enough machines that there is no waiting. And I feel completely comfortable there, no intimidation whatsoever. The amenities are a bonus...tanning beds, massage chairs, hydro-massage table for the low membership price. And I like that I can use the Planet Fitness by my work as well as the one in Chandler. No childcare, pool, juice bar, etc...but perfect for those that don't want to spend a fortune, want a clean place to workout, and want to feel at ease as they work on being or getting fit!
4	Not gonna lie. I feel kinda intimidated by the guy staff at this planet fitness lol. I wish there was a way to scan the badge so I could avoid contact with the staff there. There is one lady staff who is super nice, I think she usually works at night. Besides that, I enjoy the workout for the price. I would prefer a gym with the extra activities but for the price it is a super deal! If you are a black card member you can have unlimited guest passes, massage chair, tanning booth, red light therapy and hydromassages. Plus, you can have personal training according to their schedule, I have never attended a group training session, I would feel more motivated if I could schedule online or something instead of just showing up for "class".
1	Worst gym I have been to. It's not even like a gym it's more like a hangout spot. They have cookies and pizza there.
1	I've been dealing with Alvin for several months trying to get my membership cancelled! I was told when signing up that if I decided on the Black Card there would be no cancellation fees and no set term amount. Both were equally important to me because we are a military family and knew we could get orders at anytime. After I found out that we were more than likely moving I called into the club and was told that my membership would be cancelled.... That was back in April. To this day I am still being charged for a membership that I don't use. I've taken it all the way to corporate only to be told that it's a breach of contract for them to get involved in customer service issues between members and the gym. Every time I call the gym Alvin is rude and very disrespectful. He talks to me like I'm an idiot and he refuses to let me cancel, even though I have filled out all required forms and sent in several certified letters with a blank check which I ended up having to void all of them because after I received notice that the letters were received by the gym and waiting several weeks each time none of the checks were processed. Even now trying to deal with the AGM is ridiculous because Alvin will not let me speak to him. I'm still being charged for this stupid membership 8 almost 9 months later!!! I still have yet to hear anything from the owners as well in regards to this issue since I have sent several emails to corporate and then they forward the emails to the owners!
