3	Located SW corner of Cactus & 75th ave. (yelp map is incorrect).  Strip mall location, just a couple doors down from Subway. Very cheap food here but decent for that price.  Crazy bread with sauce is hard to beat for $2.38.  Nice people working at this location.  Fair amount of parking.
4	This is walking distance from my house and I can only say the pizza gets better every time I go. The first time I came here was last year and I was disappointed, but they have redeemed themselves. I usually buy the supreme or pepperoni and cheese yum. I'm not comparing it to Chicago pizza, this chain had its own criteria.
4	This is good pizza when you consider the price and that it is meant to be for quick pick up. Let's not bother comparing it to other pizza places, because that wouldn't be fair. You'll never beat the price for a pizza like this.
1	I would give no stars if I could.  The kid who answered the phone did not listen at all after I repeated a simple order of 3 peperoni and 2 cheeses.  He kept repeating the wrong order and I kept correcting him,  My son ended up walking out of there paying for 6 pizzas and did have 6, but I again only ordered 5.  Go somewhere else.
1	NO BODY EAT HERE!!!Let me tell you first i work in the restaurant industry as a Chef so i have alot of give and sympathy when it comes to mess ups and waiting for food. However this was redicoulouse.  This little caesars is horrible! I ordered 1 order of crazy bread that is supposed to be hot and ready. Which they were not.. so I sat and waited. Bread can take no more that ten minutes I have time. I thought to myself. Fifteen minutes goes by and they serve about eight to ten people. Messed up orders or lost orders left and right there is no communication pertaining to the food or restaurant at all. They also lost a mans deep dish pepperoni. And another familys light sauce pizza. Obviously they are not ready for a rush because there was always a five minute wait on hot and ready pizzas.. At fifteen minutes I finally spoke to someone about my bread and the cook put an order in. And I watch it go thru and sit at the end of their conveyor for five to ten minutes while they talked and horsed around the kitchen doing nothing pretaining to their job. I finally got up and walked to the register and asked if I could talk to a manager and get my money back. Finally they say ooo they are up and almost ready.  The two cooks in the back are slow and have no idea what they are doing. I watched people touch their face or their phone and other things and I never once saw one employee wash their hands in the 25-30 minutes  I waited for my crazy bread. This place needs a new manager and new employees. The only bright light was the girl at the front taking orders Lindsey I belive. She took orders and was very kind to people. I even herd her remind the cooks of my crazy bread four or five times. If I were the manager this place would be way different.  HOT AND READY means the food is done when you arrive.. if I could give this place negative stars would be perfect!
4	No complaints but also nothing to brag about. I got here first thing as they opened on a Saturday and there was already a small line waiting to order their pizza. They lady in front of me ordered 6 pizzas right off the bat and I had to get 8 for a party.They staff of three that was there actually did a good job getting everything done and out in a fair amount of time. So....you get what you get, and you don't throw a fit.
