4	Dilworth Drug is a locally owned and operated drugstore/pharmacy.  They promise competitive pricing (including insurance co-pays) with better service.  They were closed when I stopped by, but I'll be sure to go back sometime and see how they compare to the BIG Boys!
5	Dilworth Drug is what you want from your pharmacy.   They get to know their customers and will do their best to take care of you. Owner  / pharmacist Josh Rimany came from a chain pharmacy with a goal of providing great customer care and personal service and he has accomplished that along with his wife Jamie, and his staff.This is how pharmacies used to be and there are few like this left in Charlotte.  You really get the feeling that you matter to Josh and everyone who works there.  I know Josh does his best to provide competitive prices and keep them as low as possible.  Being a customer with a high deductible, Josh always demonstrates that he is aware of my costs and even makes suggestions to help me.  While the store is small and has a semi limited inventory of sundries, there is a good supply of regular things like over the counter meds, vitamins, first aid, etc and if they don't have it, they will see if they can get it.  Most of all, I trust Josh and his professional advice and I consider him an important member of my health team.       (Extra credit:  Josh is gentle, considerate and gives a painless flu shot - which coming from me says a lot.  I HATE shots.)
5	Josh, Jamie & staff are the best!
5	I've been through a couple of big box pharmacies, and no more...I'm going local from here on out.  Dilworth Drug is in my neighborhood and they have been terrific.  I get medication monthly, and they call me if I have questions I need answered, they're efficient when communicating with my doctors' offices, they're always friendly, they include readable patient educate information about the drugs, and they're convenient.  I've never looked back.  Josh and Sean are so helpful and knowledgable, and every staff member I've seen is terrific. Happy to have them in the neighborhood!
5	Best drug store in Charlotte.  Personalized service and real people work here that still care about their customers.  The service is outstanding, the pharmacists are very knowledgeable and caring.  They are focused on what they do - helping people get their medications instead of trying to be a mini WalMart like the big chains.  They will work through your insurance with you, deliver Meds to your home, and have curb side service.  They are also modern in that they will text message you when meds are ready.  I won't go anywhere else!
5	Great family friendly pharmacy. Love that their main emphasis is on the customer, and the experience you get is much, much better than the big chain stores. Prices are also competitive, and they have a great selection of vitamin supplements as well. They also offer immunizations and counseling, which I was unaware pharmacies took the time to do!
