5	I have never been happier with a gym!  Brand new, state of the art equipment (your own TV on nearly every machine!), personal showers, and a super clean atmosphere.  Because it is a 24 hour gym, people come and go as they please and it is never crowded.  There have been times when I had the whole place to myself!  The owners are very friendly and make it a point to get to know their members.Another plus is that you can access any of the other Anytime Fitness clubs in other areas/states.  This has been a huge perk for my fiancee that travels for work!You will sign a contract at Anytime Fitness, but the commitment and the price are more than worth it.    Don't get lured in by the $10/ a month gyms down the street...you will get what you pay for.  I highly recommend this gym :)
5	I absolutely love going to Anytime Fitness to workout! I've lost 40+ pounds since i started in Aug of 2011.  I'm there at least 5 days a week!  They have brand new equipment, individual showers, plus they actually care how it looks meaning they clean top to bottom religiously! The owners are remarkable, they care about your health and the journey it takes to get there.  I love that I have actually to ANY Anytime Fitness nation wide, I travel to the midwest a lot and can continue my workout there at an Anytime Fitness there.  They have classes that are fun and make you sweat like Turbo Fire and Zumba. You want an all around health experience you NEED to become a member at Anytime Fitness on 67th Ave and Cactus! What do you have to lose but weight and inches!!PS- did I mention it's a 24 hour 7 day a week (all major holidays) gym....you don't have any excuses anymore!
3	Well, it is clean, and they are nice, but if you need a trainer forget it. The tour included how to use the treadmill, and "oh, there are the other machines." And then one of the staff was running the vacuum, with the cord under my feet while I was on the leg curl machine. And the air conditioning is not properly set - I was warm before I even started on the treadmill - the treadmills are positioned in the only area of the room where there are no ceiling fans. It's a big room with several machines. No big deal for $30. And what's this $20 for $40 deal on Yelp, when the monthly fee is only $30?Don't get that. I have a 14-day free pass so I'll use it. It's nice that it's 24 hours, but I doubt, after I try several fitness centers in the area, that this will be my choice. Yes, you'll get someone to say hello and probably remember your name, but staff is only there 10am-5pm and it's open 24 hours so who cares? Most of the time there wont' be anyone to greet you anyway.  And frankly I don't care if they know my name. I care if it's a good facility with plenty of machines, cool enough to be comfortable, and the right price for what it offers. And if I get to a plateau where I need some guidance on the next level, I want somewhere whose expertise I can trust - someone I don't mind paying extra to for an hour every two or three months to keep me making progress. Here you won't get that.
5	I joined last weekend & absolutely love it!  The owner (Janelle) & trainer (Blake) are amazing, the equipment is extremely well-maintained, & I'm beyond pleased with my decision to join.  The club is clean, temperature is just right, & the 24/7 secure access is perfect.
5	The best and largest Anytime Fitness I have ever been to! As a business traveler to all 50 states, Anytime Fitness is a great way to stay in shape anywhere I go! The staff and the owners at this facility make you feel at home and the brand new workout machines are fantastic!
5	Came to the gym for a guest pass and met one of the owners. Wow, Janelle was wonderful! ! Took time to get to know what I wanted from the gym and was happy to hear my opinions. The gym is great, clean, open, and has all of the necessary equipment. Love that it is 24 HOURS since I always work out so late. Never crowded at night and I Never have to rush to finish my workout before closing. Bathrooms with private showers. What more could you ask for. Has all that I need. Would recommend to friends and family.
5	Started a few weeks ago and I absolutely love it. The owners are both friendly, caring, and personal. The staff and other members are nice as well. This is the most comfortable and welcoming environment I've experienced at a gym. In addition, you will not find a gym with more advanced equipment. I'm grateful I found a place that I enjoy so much. It has me excited to go to the gym.
1	Let's start out with the $66 admin fee for a 3 month sign-up. Cost me $206 out the door....Take that, coupled with someone who has no clue on what he is doing, and you have a semblance of a gym.Take my $210 and invest in either marketing or value-added benefits.You guys need help...
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE this gym. I travel to Minnesota a few times a year and its really nice to have access to a gym so that i can continue to exercise and workout while i am away from my beautiful gym.  I highly recommend this gym... they are friendly, clean, and ALWAYS open.  The equipment is new and well maintained, Looking for a new gym...this is the place!!
4	Wade and his wife are super nice and welcoming.  I used these facilities for about two weeks while visiting. I was a little thrown off by the sign for Holy Yoga outside.  To each's own, I guess.  Perhaps you might like it.  I hear it's great. Good location and open 24/7.  Staffed as hours posted.  Huge space and great machines.
