5	Phenomenal practice!  Dr Wellish is absolutely top-notch, the staff is incredible and friendly, and I love Heidy -- who does all the extra level of service and follow-up.  When i was diagnosed with cataracts in both eyes at an unusually young age, I was amazed at the expertise and knowledge, choices and recommendations, and terrific  care.  The office seems also to run very efficiently.The surgery itself was a breeze, 1 hr of prep, and a 10 minute surgery.  i did one eye per visit, and could see immediately afte, albeit sensitive to light.  Dr Wellish is truly terrific.The follow-up vists were very accomodating to my schedule, and I am very pleased with my vision now - no glasses and i can see fantastic!One word of caution: with the choices in lenses, there is a great variance of costs. Some, my insurance would have paid 100%, others only 50%.   If financial is part of your decison choice, make sure you understand ALL the costs for out-of-pocket.  This would include the meds, drops, and surgery center costs along with any lens costs before you choose.
5	I have been thinking about Lasik surgery for years. These guys made my decision easy. Not only was it the best decision but the staff was so great. I was very nervous but they told me everything I needed to know and made me feel calm. They are the BEST!!
4	Dr. Wellish did an excellent job on my eyes. Very friendly, knowledgeable, and patient; he's an excellent doctor. If I had to do it over, I'd still use Dr. Wellish. But I have a warning: If you don't qualify for LASIK, or you're right on the cusp, they'll suggest PRK to you. They'll tell you how there's slightly more discomfort than with LASIK, and the healing time is a little longer. While that's true, it doesn't tell the whole story. It's more the difference between getting a vasectomy (LASIK) and having an angry gorilla tear off your testicles (PRK.) The only sane solution when offered PRK is to say, "I'll come back when I can afford the implantable contact lenses." Oh, and, with PRK, you won't be able to see jack shit for MONTHS. LASIK or implantable contact lenses - don't do PRK.Other than that, they're awesome.
5	I did a lot of research before selecting a place for my LASIK. I ended up choosing Wellish Vision Institute not only because of a recommendation from my optometrist, but also because everything I could find on the Internet indicated that this place was the best in Vegas. Price wasn't a concern; I wanted top quality. I feel like I got it. The consultation process was great and there was no crazy sales push. Pre- and post-op visits have been timely and thorough, and I definitely feel taken care of. The surgery experience itself was pretty crazy to think about, but Dr. Wellish talked me through the whole thing and kept me from being too nervous. A few days after surgery I could officially see 20/20 and a week later I can tell that everything is healing bit by bit every day. Based on my experience so far, I will highly recommend Wellish Vision Institute to anyone looking to have laser eye surgery.
5	I shouldn't have waited as long as I did to have LASIK done.  I was super, super nearsighted before the surgery, and now I'm seeing 20/20 without glasses or contacts.  I did A LOT of research for a couple years beforehand, got a recommendation from my eye doctor, and went for a consultation twice with the patient folks at Wellish Vision Institute before I finally decided to JUST DO IT!  The staff at Wellish is awesome!  Like I said, they're very patient and take the time to explain everything so you are comfortable with the process and procedure.  I had no complications, although I do recommend that if you have LASIK--LISTEN TO EVERYTHING THEY TELL YOU TO DO!  Dry eyes are one of the side effects and I can see how patients that don't listen to the instructions could cause their own complications by not taking care of themselves.I would absolutely do it all over again and I would only trust Dr. Wellish to do it.  I should not have waited as long as I did--the results are fantastic!!!
5	He's the eye doctor I've ever had. He makes me feel comfortable and really cares about his patients and yes,it take awhile before being called and what not but its worth it since he's the best eye doctor in town!!!!:)
5	I have been in the Service Industry for over 30 years and I have made  many visits to Medical facilities for appointments, treatments, etc.I would have to say that the staff at Wellish Institute and the Doctors are super fantastic.They should make a customer service video on how to effectively run a facility and sell it to some of these other places in Vegas.I wanted to do Lasik for a while, but wasn't comfortable with a few places that I visited.Then 2 of my wife's friends had their eyes done by Wellish Institute, and they loved it.I was still a little hesitant. But after the consultation and exam, I was totally impressed and ready to go.I have been wearing glasses for almost 15 years and I hate contacts and prescription sun glasses. Plus every few years your shelling out more money.I had my Lasik done less then a week ago, and I am extremely impressed with my vision.I am a very active out going person.To not have to worry about glasses, poking contacts in and out, breaking or scratching and cleaning glasses, is a blessing in disguise.Guess what.   My eyes are going to get a little better.   After 15 years I am finally glass and contact free!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Dr. Wellish, the techs, receptionists, consultant's assistants, all deserve 10 stars.All of you guys are the greatest.      If your thinking about Lasik go see Rebecca for a consultation Tell them Boyzie from Buldogis highly recommended him.
5	I didn't specifically get Dr. Wellish, but I loved Dr. Langford and the rest of the staff at Wellish. I'm guessing it's due to the area they're located in, but the other patients were a little....ghetto. And the office is kind of run down honestly. But as I said, the staff are so great and the equipment seems fine so that's all that really matters. I haven't been to the doctor since I got lasik a few years ago, and I mainly just went to get occasional glasses since I'm still pretty nearsighted. This visit was prompted by the fact that I went to see a show Priscilla Queen of the Desert. From my sh*tty seat in the back, I honestly couldn't tell if some of the background dancers were dudes in drag, or just bigger ladies. That was a wake-up call about how bad my far sight really was..... Anyway, the techs were nice and personable both times I was there. Dr Langford was awesome too (very nice and cute), and I was surprised by the fact that he wanted to do a topography map of the surface of my eye just for his peace of mind to make sure everything was ok. He made the point to say that he wasn't billing for it, he just wanted to be thorough. I told him that I have insurance so it doesn't matter to me, but I was impressed that he was that honest and caring. I say this way too often lately, but my dumb@ss happened to get the date of my appointment wrong, so I showed up a day early. I was pretty shocked when they took me anyway. It did mean a longer wait time, but it was so nice of them to squeeze me into the schedule. I would've been fine coming back the next day. The only negative is that they don't do glasses on site, so I still have to find a place to pick out frames and do the lenses, but that's only a minor inconvenience. I'll probably find a better price not getting it in a doctors office anyway.
5	My wife had lots of eye complaints over the years and she experienced bad vision dry eyes and other problems.  She looked all over for a good eye surgeon and settled in on dr Wellish.  The decision was not an easy one and it took a lot of time, with the custom service that he provided it was the right one.  When I took her there for the procedure she was seen right away.  They took her back there and did the eyes and you could tell that the equipment was top notch.  Obviously this is a good operation, otherwise why would they allow anyone to watch through the glass.  This doctor has nothing to hide and is proud to put his work on display.  He talked to us both afterward and provided guidance.The follow up was extensive.  There were precautions given about what she could do in the time following the operation and everything was accurate.  The vision was totally improved better than 20 20 and that was checked by a second independent eye doctorI can't think of anything not to like
5	Dr. Wellish is such a sweet little man. His staff goes above and beyond to make you feel comfortable and not at all anxious about your surgery. I would recommend this place to anyone looking into Lasik. I've had one eye done to great success. I just got the second one and am feeling good!
2	I made an appointment with the intent of getting cataracts reviewed, one eye in particular is like looking out a thick fog and is becoming annoying. This practice is very busy and operates like an assembly line-while the initial exam seemed thorough, you then get sent to the "closer" who makes sure you know of the upgrades available, and finally the dr. My entire appointment took over 3 hours. When I finally got to Dr Wellish, he was in such a meat market rush that I don't think he understood or cared enough to listen to what I was describing-said I had dry eyes (which seems to be the buzz word of the office as there was notices everywhere and a "survey" about the topic required)-maybe its a huge profit center. I was rushed out with copay and eyedrops paid for-and absolutely no feeling of a solution or even understanding of why I was there. Writing this review with the same hazy eye and will most likely pick up my records and go elsewhere. Big may be a big outfit but not better.
5	Dr.Langford is the best I have received awesome care. I ended up getting an infection in both eyes after getting pink eye that has taken over a month to heal. I had no insurance and he made sure he saw me every week at no charge for over a month. I am extremely grateful and cannot say enough about dr Langford and his staff he truly is an exceptional dr. Thanks again for all the great care
5	My biggest regret with my surgery and Dr. Wellish's office?? Not doing it sooner!!  I originally put down a deposit for my surgery 3 years ago and just finally had the surgery in December, 2013.  I was really scared about the process, but in the end it was extremely simple and pain free.  Unfortunately I didn't qualify for LASIK because of my astigmatism so I had to have the PRK surgery, which has a longer healing time.  I went in for my one month follow up this week and my vision is so great that I received a notification to the DMV that I no longer have a restricted license due to vision correction!All in all, the experience was wonderful.  Dr. Wellish spent over an hour with me going over the differences for PRK vs. LASIK and discussing why he recommended PRK for me.  I didn't feel rushed or like just a number, I felt like I was his only patient that day.  His goal was to satisfy my concerns before moving forward and he took the time necessary to do that.  The day of the surgery I was given some medication to take the edge off and my eyes were numbed, so I didn't feel much of anything.  In a matter of minutes it was over.I've been back to his office several times for follow ups and have been impressed by his facility and staff.  From the front desk staff to his support team (other doctors and nurses), everyone is friendly and competent.  One note on the cost.  I imagine some people are detered by the cost, I know I was.  I found Dr. Wellish to be a bit more expensive than other doctors in town.  I'm glad I took my optometrist's advice and went with him.  There's a reason he costs more--he's the best in town, bar none.  I think paying a bit more for such an important surgery is a no-brainer.  Why mess around and take chances with something as important as your vision??Highly, highly recommend Dr. Wellish.  If you are even considering LASIK surgery, GO FOR IT!  It's one of the best things I've ever done and I'm so grateful to Dr. Wellish and his staff for their work.
3	I was referred to Dr Wellish after cataract surgery from another business did not produce expected results. Dr Wellish explained what had gone wrong and treatment plan was discussed. The surgery on the other eye when well at the Wellish surgical center. However, follow up appointments lasted hours - 2- 3 hours. There was no consideration of 88 one way trip for office visit. Extra trip was required to speak to tech about surgery. Once Wellish eye was completed, the astigmatism was still present  - the eye did not react as planned. Again, long wait at office. Dr. Wellish said LASIK surgery is needed to fix astigmatism - out of my pocket. Surgery would also be needed on previous eye. Currectly, I have blurred eyesight, wear glasses on and off because of focusing issues and aggravated at incredible long wait times at Wellish office. This office is very doctor centered - not patient centered.
5	Do NOT trust you vision to anyone else.  I've checked into other doctors for lasik, same price but NOT the same service (the others made me feel like I was dealing with a used car salesman).  Everyone is wonderful at this office.  I'm highly impressed with the service I received and still am receiving with Dr. Wellish.  I just wish I would have done this sooner!  It's been 3 months and I still am amazed with the results!    I HIGHLY RECOMMEND DR. WELLISH!!!  Best investment I've ever made!!  I had my Lasik on Thursday afternoon and I drove for my follow up early Friday morning.  I've been in glasses since I was 6 years old, had -6.75 in both eyes, plus +1.50 needed for reading and astigmatism in both eyes!  I still have to remind myself at night that I don't have to take my contact out......I don't wear them any more!  Thank you Dr. Wellish, Dr. McCandless, Rebecca Maloney and the entire staff!  Tiffany V.
4	My husband and I both had LASIK done here and we had VERY different experiences. He went first, and I went 2 months later...First off, I live in Summerlin, and the Wellish main office is a 45 minute drive each way. So add an hour and a half to each appointment time. Here is a quick run down of all of your appointments:1) 1 hour consultation to see if you are even a candidate for the surgery.  2) 3 hour pre-op testing3) 1 hour LASIK surgery4) 1 hour day-after post-op 5) 1 hour week-after post-op6) 1 hour month-after post-opSo as you can see, if you do not have a flexible schedule this will be very annoying to the other people in your life that have to adjust to your 6 appointment times all within a month. My husband was lucky and these affected no one, however I have 25 clients and a 2 year old that all depend on me being at a certain place at a certain time. Secondly, my scheduled surgery day was canceled on me the-day-of and moved to the following day. Annoying, yes, but what can I do? Nothing. Did this happen to my husband? No, of course not. Finally, operation day!!! When you check in to the office they make it very clear that you must power off your cell phones. That's fine, after all, who do I think I am, Alec Baldwin? So while waiting for my 2 Valium to kick in, they send me to the "quiet" room to try and relax. I'm in there no more than a minute when a cell phone alarm of church bells starts ringing for 5 consecutive minutes. My anxiety is now through the roof as I blindly (because I'm not wearing my glasses) feel my way out of the room and into an employee break room to shut the darn thing off. I later found out this was Dr. Welish's phone which he chooses to keep on. I guess his cell phone frequency goes off his own special waves. What was my husbands experience like while waiting for his Valium to kick in? "Zen-like" were his exact word. Good for him. Finally, operation time!!! As I stumble in like a drunk lady with lead feet, I quickly remind the staff that my husband would like to watch the surgery through the glass from the waiting room (as I did 2 months prior for his). They assured me that they were aware of my request. The surgery was uncomfortable and felt like it took forever. I got bubbles under my flaps which had to be smoothed out, which was not at all fun. Did my husband have bubbles under his flaps? Nope, why would he? So I am now ushered back into the waiting room where my husband is eagerly awaiting me and the first thing I ask is what he thought of watching the surgery? Oh, they forgot to open the blinds until it was over half way over. Seriously? Just fabulous. I was beyond upset that they couldn't be bothered to meet my very simple request. Because of course they remembered to do it for him! A full week later, I have 20/25 vision, which is not yet perfect. But they say it can take up to a month. I required tear duct plugs to keep my eyes more moist. It's an uncomfortable process. Did he? No. And in case you're wondering, my husbands vision was 20/15 the very next day. That's better than perfect. I write this review as a combination of both of our experiences. Obviously his would have been 5-stars. I do think the staff there is extremely friendly and knowledgable. As for Dr. Wellish himself, he seems a little like The Great and Powerful Oz. You never meet him until moments before he slices your cornea open and shoots beams of lasers into your retina. He's ok with last minute schedule changes, not abiding by his own cell phone policy, and disregarding patients simple requests. But he will happily take your hard earned $4,000. He wouldn't know who I was if I passed him on the street tomorrow, and he did my surgery a week ago. So thank you Dr. Oz, I mean Wellish, I hope at my month post-op I do have 20/20.
5	What a great experience! Today was surgery day and everything went as planned. I can see!!!!!! I'm so happy. From the first visit to the surgery day everyone has been so helpful and comforting. I never felt nervousness and anxious at all. The surgery was so simple and easy. There was no pain and I felt like it went so fast. I have lots of friends and family that had already went to Dr Wellish so I knew he's the best in town. Thanks to all the staff and especially Dr Wellish!
5	My optometrist recommended Dr. Wellish and his team. There's a reason why I'd been going to my optometrist for 12 years.I just recently got my LASIK surgery done on both eyes and am extremely happy. Dr Wellish and his staff were courteous. Beginning from my first consultation appointment, I was given all the information I needed and was made aware of what was to follow. I have already recommended Dr. Wellish to my friends thinking about LASIK, as with his experience and the detail to making sure your questions are answered all through the process is amazing.THANK YOU REBECCA, TAHANI, DR. WELLISH AND McCANDLESS!
3	Good doctor but TERRIBLE WAIT TIME!!! 2 hours (after scheduled time!!) wait time for 3 minutes with doctor!!! Totally unacceptable!!! Nobody came to inform us that will be long delay or to tell us anything! After exam the Back Office manager came out (after 2 times requesting to see her) to tell us that she's sorry but that they CAN'T CONTROL doctor's timing!?!? I'll think if I'll return there - soooooo disrespectful because if a patient is late 2 hours to appointment they CANCEL IT!!!
5	The staff there is very professional and friendly. The doctors were very thorough in assessing if I was a good candidate for Lasiks. Everything was explained in great detail and all of my questions were answered to my satisfaction. The procedure was quick and painless. I am 20/20 in both eyes 4 days after surgery. Nothing short of a miracle.
5	awesome experience! 20/20 24 hours post surgery. The staff and doctors are great and super knowledgeable. They are a little pricier than the other places in town, but why would you worry about prices when it comes to your eyes! No Wait Time, easy to schedule
5	Being an eye doctor myself, you can imagine the diligent research I did before deciding which surgeon I would trust with my own eyes. Dr. Kent Wellish is without a doubt, the most reputable and experienced refractive surgeon here in Las Vegas. Since he is an educator of eye care professionals from all over the country, you can imagine the level of competency Dr. Wellish possesses. His attention to the intricate details of the procedure far exceeds any other surgeon I have dealt with in my career as an optometrist. He is constantly learning the newest techniques and procedures in refractive surgery to better customize the procedures he performs for each of his individual patients. Unlike many other refractive surgeons who might rush eligible candidates into the procedure, Dr. Wellish wanted to ensure that my eyes were in optimal condition in order to yield the most successful post operative outcome. Weeks prior to the procedure, he required that I stay out of my contacts, used artificial tears aggressively each day, and even added a unique Bio Tears oral supplement to my regime to ensure that the health of my corneas was optimal for surgery. I must also commend Dr. Wellish for the excellent quality care I was given by every single member of his staff. As an eye care provider, I understand the importance of having a strong and efficient staff to best represent my practice. The quality of care that I received throughout my entire experience at Wellish Eye Institute was impeccable. I am beyond elated with my healthy new eyes and 20/15 (better than 20/20) vision. Thank you Dr. Wellish and everyone at Wellish Vision Institute for making my LASIK experience a very seamless and enjoyable one!
5	I can't believe there aren't more reviews for this business. I have zero complaints.... from the initial consult to the the final product I have been 100% satisfied. The staff is friendly and efficient. The process is clear cut with no unanswered questions. Wait times are minimal, while results are optimal. I will recommend anybody I know to Wellish Vision Institute without hesitation.
5	Who reviews a surgeon? I do! It is important.  I had lasik performed by Dr. Wellish in November of 2012. Since then, I have recommended him to friends and coworkers.  I was really impressed by their friendly, efficient and professional service. I have had good results and still am sometimes amazed that I can see without any correction. This is the best thing I have done for myself in years. They have different surgery options and I went with the one that gives you 20/20 vision. They have one that is more expensive but gives you super hero vision. I decided to pass, since it seemed unnecessary. Dr. Wellish was recommended to me by optometrist and I can't thank him enough.  I was moving out of state just a couple of days after my surgery, so they made arrangements for me to see my regular optometrist for my first followup, then I came back to him for the next one. That extra step, and the fact that the doctor himself called me the night of my surgery really reinforced that I made the right decision. Fantastic service, great results! I think we've all heard those $299 per eye commercials on the radio for other places. I love a bargain as much as the next woman, if not more, but this is not the place to cut corners.
