5	Extra Mile Auto Spa is the only place that will ever detail my BMW. Alan was able to perform some paint correction that was amazing...He really goes the extra mile to make your car look the best around! Don't call anyone else.
5	Thank you, thank you, thank you!!! Alan did an amazing job detailing my Mini- looks like a brand new car inside & out. Great service, very personable, and fantastic attention to detail. We will definitely be using Extra Mile Auto Spa again & again- by far the best around! ***Highly recommended*** Thanks again Alan!
5	Hard worker and very thorough! great price and courteous too....I will definitely be returning.
5	They came just when I needed them cleaned my girlfriends SUV to well just about brand new! Thanks guysTorinn Elliott
5	Great!I found out about Extra Mile from ITEX and just had my car given the FULL DETAIL!  Seats, headliner etc all look great.  I added the thing where they get rid of the oxidation on the headlights and it looks new.  Alan, the owner, is a great guy to talk to.
5	I called  at 2pm on a Saturday afternoon, when Alan, the owner was finishing up shop for the weekend and 30 minutes later he was at my house ready to detail my car.  My car was filthy, it needed some serious care and Alan was the perfect person for it. Before he started he walked me through my car telling me what he was going to do, explaining that he might not be able to get all the deep coffee stains out and he gave me a great deal on cleaning my headlight covers up.  I could barely see my headlights at night and now I can see clear as day!  Alan did a great job.  I am so happy with what my car looks like!  He was very personable, we talked for a few minutes after he was finished and he helped me out with some names for another car problem I have been having.  I will be recommending Alan to all my friends and family.  Thanks for such great service!DO NOT CALL ANYONE ELSE BUT ALAN AT EXTRA MILE AUTO SPA!  YOU ARE GOING TO GET EXACTLY WHAT YOU WANT FOR A GREAT PRICE!
5	I chose Extra Mile based on Yelp reviews. I have never made a better decision. They came to my office and cleaned my Toyota Venza beyond my expectations. My car is exactly 1 year old and now it looks brand new again. That's no easy feat with kids involved in the equation. Alan was professional, courteous, on time, finished exactly when he said he would. They did a fantastic job and I will use them again.
