4	I'm so happy Mellow Mushroom opened up a block from my house! I've watched it being built for a few months now with promises of great exotic pizzas and fifty draft beers and I couldn't wait to try it.Kristen and I showed up at four thirty(I have a very early work schedule hence the grandparent like dinner time) and we were greeted by a bunch of enthusiastic employees, it was fun, they must have had all the employees on for the opening. The Mellow Mushroom is sort of eclectic inside, a mix of modern style with urban influences and some typical pizza parlor flair. It was welcoming and they played a wide range of music from the rat pack to techno. They also have a cute little store where they sell their shirts and pint glasses and whatnot.Okay, it being the opening we relied heavily on our great servers advice, he suggested the pretzes to start so we ordered half cinnamon and honey, and half garlic butter and parmesan. It came with six HUGE pretzels, three took up a large pizza tray, we had no idea they were so big. Kristen liked the sweet ones more and I liked the garlic parmesan, but both were great(and with half off happy hour they were only three dollars!) We then had the Kosmic Karma pizza, we made some substitutions suggested by the server and ended up with a 14" olive oil and garlic base pie with mozarella, spinach, feta, roma tomatoes and pesto sauce. It was wonderful, every ingredient brought something great to the table and the crust was awesome. The pizza is not cheap but not over the top expensive either, it makes sense, they use very good ingredients. So to sum it up, we really like Mellow Mushroom and will be back. From the wonderful happy hour(half off all appetizers and most alcohol), to the large beer selection with a bunch of local brews and the delicious pizza, we are pleased to have this new pizza joint in the neighborhood.
2	I have to say that I've had high-hopes for this place since seeing that they were going to be opening in this location.  It is very near my office and their menu fare would be a welcome addition in the area.  Alas, now that they are open and I have sampled their food, I am pretty unimpressed.For the TL;DR crowd.Me: Meatball hoagie on french bread add caramelized onions; jasmine iced teaFriend: Steak and cheese calzone; iced black teaTo Go: Half-order of garlic/parm pretzelsGist: Hoagie was okay, but they forgot the onions; the calzone looked to have a LOT of green peppers in it; the tea was clear but bitter and acidic. The soft-pretzels, which I was REALLY looking forward to, turned out to be doughy balls of bland.  :(This may just be me -- but I'd think that as a new establishment (they've only been open a few days) that they would take some time to introduce the menu a bit.  That aside, there was also some obvious disarray.  - forgot the onion addition to my hoagie- when I checked with the server to make sure we didn't get charged for the onion addition, she thought I meant the entire sandwich- a manager of sorts came to the table to apologize (props), but he seemed VERY uncomfortable doing so- same manager returned a second time to let me know he was comp'ing the cost of the pretzels because of "having those onions that I didn't care for" (??? - FOCUS!)Oh, and they delivered a pizza to our table at one point as we were finishing, which belonged to another table near us.  I suppose the confusion can be expected to some degree since they just opened, so I won't hold this against them too much.I'm not sure where they got their recipe for soft pretzels, but they really are kind of meh.  Doughy and flavorless.  When I think of "soft pretzels" I think of the kind that are thick and have a bit of a "crust" on the outside, but are soft and spongy inside (with lots of little air pockets).  Anyway, I'll probably do another review once I try their pizza and their salads.  I'm hoping the salad will be their saving grace as, surprisingly, there aren't any options in the way of a good, healthy salad and soup bar on Mill avenue.
4	Don't let the Hard Rock Cafe-style t-shirt shop at the front entrance scare you away from a solid pizza and beer joint.I had been to another Mellow Mushroom in Columbia, S.C., so I was expecting dark, cramped and a little grimy. You know, like a real college town. This one is bright, loud and wide open.So the Tempe location couldn't shake the corporate vibe of the what-the-heck-is-this-doing-in-a-college-town Z Gallerie it replaced. And it's not gonna stop longtime Tempe townies from whining about the good ol' days of Long Wong's.But Mellow Mushroom is a simple concept - pizza and beer. And they pretty well crush it.First up is the beer list. They have more than 40 beers on tap, including smaller local players like SunUp and Lumberyard as well as rarities like Bell's Oberon. Most of them go for $6 a pint or $7 for a 20-ounce glass. Not the worst prices in town, but they're gonna need some drink specials to keep the ASU crowd hanging out.The pizza lineup is equally impressive. My wife has a severe tomato intolerance, which takes a lot of the fun out of pizza night. I get awful tired of eating everybody's "bianca" or "blanca" - the ubiquitous specialty pizza that subs garlic sauce and puts a few dabs of ricotta on top. Props to Mellow Mushroom for offering a whopping seven specialty pizzas sans tomato sauce and two non-tomato sauce options for custom pies.We got the Red Skin Potato Pie, which also had bacon, onion, chives and a ranch drizzle. I'd worry about a pizza like that being too starchy, but the thin-sliced potatoes worked in perfect harmony with the other toppings.We also got the pretzels, which are giant knots of MM's pizza dough (these guys like to brag about the dough). Troy S. might have had different expectations, but we thoroughly enjoyed the soft, hot, doughy concoctions.Our waitress seemed like she was having fun as she introduced herself as our guide to a "magical mystery tour of flavor," and the restaurant's sprawling, open floorplan seemed like it would work well for large groups.Bonus: They validate your parking for the Centerpointe garage, which will save you six bucks.So here's a recap: Pizza + beer = awesome. Clever pizza + eclectic beers = even awesomer. Mellow Mushroom is solid execution on this brilliantly simple concept. I'm not going to buy a t-shirt or proclaim this place the savior of Mill Avenue, but this college-town staple is a welcome addition that's worth the trip to downtown Tempe.
4	I've lived in Tempe for a long time and I've seen lots or restaurants come and go. I feel like the south end of Mill Ave is finally emerging from the icy grip of the Great Recession. (Remember, that part of Mill pretty much died in 2007-2008.) I'm happy to see new things bringing activity north of 6th Street. And it's a pizza/beer place with a psychedelic theme: graffiti art adorns the walls, the mascot is a mushroom, and all the names of desserts are double entendres. Tempe IS a college town and Mellow Mushroom will do just fine for these reasons. That and they say they will be open til 2 a.m.The beer selection was extensive, although the beer I ordered off the menu wasn't available. No biggie. There were lots more to choose from.I split a 10'' veggie pizza and it was loaded with veggies (and even tofu). I liked the dough, it's made with molasses so it has that darker flavor. The cinnamon sugar pretzels were great too. I took some home and they heated up just fine. It's a big space and I didn't feel cramped. The windows let in a lot of light and the views are pretty nice. Service was attentive and all the workers seemed to be trained to bus tables even if they were not "their" tables. A couple different people cleared plates and filled up my water and asked if I wanted more beer. They also have a little walk up section off 7th Street. And I liked the neon sign above the door. I don't eat a lot of pizza, but if I'm ever in the mood I'd go to Mellow Mushroom.
3	Hit up the much-anticipated (at least by me) Mellow Mushroom last night and was not disappointed.Highlights:1. Tasty Pizza - plenty of veg options and crispy, seasoned crust.2. Fantastic beer selection - includes local faves and my absolute favorite (Rogue Hazelnut Brown Ale) on tap.3. Large space - no waiting for a table, and I don't HAVE to smash toe to toe with the bros.Unfortunate aspects:1. Most 16 oz beers on tap are $6 (six!!!?) and it's a buck more for 20 oz. That's pretty steep in my book, even for Mill Ave. Thank the Good Dude that Happy Hour starts at 10pm and we got our half price :)2. Portions seemed OK, but I was a little surprised by the price point. Probably a bit too expensive for me to be a regular... the three of us had a hummus, 6 beers (@ $3.50 happy hour prices), and a Med (14") Pizza and the tab came out at almost $50. That's a little more than I like to spend on a weeknight for pizza and beer. And if it was not happy hour I would certainly not be happy paying $7 for a beer.All in all, I really dug the atmosphere, pizza, and beer selection. I would like to see a bit more "character," but it did open two days ago and it has to appeal to tourists. I think it has a lot of potential to succeed in my humble college town. And the late-night hours guarantee that I will make a few drunken stops for pizza, despite any complaints about the price.
2	The waiter was attentive, but continually gave us new plates, and also referred to me with the awkward pet name of "dear lady". He should have asked if we wanted a beer list- despite my small stature and female body, I usually enjoy a beer when I go out to dinner. He was trying really hard though. Meh.I thought the crust was pretty good, but it was awkwardly sitting on top of a pre-made, thin dough circle that held all the toppings. So although the crust was good, the pizza was hardly structurally sound, flopping around in my hand like a fish. I was happy they offered vegan options, but the tofu didn't have any type of seasoning on it, and the pizza was pretty bland. Meh.The theme is cute, but it sort of comes off with a fake-TGIF kind of vibe. This definitely seems like a place where stupid corporate policies (maybe, for instance, to refer to customers as "dear ladies") are really important to management. Meh.A far as telling my friends to go here... well, I mean it's a new place on mill that doesn't totally suck. And it's one of the few vegan places around. It's also mediocre and a little overpriced. I guess you should go  if you are around there anyways. I think one word really sums this place up; Meh.  Hence the two stars.
1	First things first.  I was so happy to see something going in on Mill to give pizza lovers an option other than Slices.  I can't comment on the food or beer at this point, just the service.  I have been in MM twice.  Both times I sat at the bar as I was alone.  Both times I sat there looking over the menu and waiting to be asked for my order or offered a suggestion.  The first visit was mid afternoon and I sat at the bar with three other patrons all appeared to be ASU students. They all were drinking beer and eating when I arrived. I waited 15 minutes and watched as the bar staff told them about other beers offered even though they had there check and were finishing up. Finally I stood up and asked the girl if I had offended her or if this was a new style of customer service. She scowled at me and said all I had to do was ask for service and she would have taken my order. As I have been in the restaurant/pizza business I knew she wasn't the owner or manager and simply had positioned herself as a representitive of MM so I left and on my way out I left my name and number with the host and asked the manager to call me.  Never happened. On Sunday 3/20 I went back in to see if anything had changed. Yes two different servers but unfortunately the exact same results.  On my way out I asked the same host as the first visit to explain to the manager why I was leaving again.  Is it simply a restaurant that caters only to students? Well good luck this summer. I would get better service at Jack in the Box or the Student Union. A lot of money was spent on this place and hopefully the bar staff can go back to MM Training and realize they aren't the reason people come to a restaurant but will be the reason that people stop coming back.
4	i move here in november from georgia and was so excited when i saw that mellow mushroom was coming to tempe. went last night and was so not disappointed! they have the same amazing beer selection and food that i've grown to love. we got the "mellowterrainean" pizza- a greek chicken pizza with a side of tzaziki sauce. the service was good and i plan on going there again to grab a portabello and cheese hoagie
5	Great food- specialty pizzas & 48 draft beers! Did I mention their happy hour deals??  Half off drinks and munchies from 3-6 and reverse happy hour drinks from 10-2 Mon-Fri! The staff is friendly and the restaurant has a laid back feel. Ask for Kevin if you want great service. Each pizza is made to order on a stone and hand tossed, so prepare for a wait depending on how busy the place is- or start with a salad. I love the Dude's Chicken Salad and the Mellow Chopped salad with pepperoni!
3	Loved the food (had the thai pizza, so yum!), and prices during happy hour on beverages, but hated the service. My friends were there maybe 15 min ahead of us and had asked for water 3 times with out receiving any. I had to ask twice before receiving any water. I'm usually not too harsh on servers but i just started to feel rude for having to ask for things, which should not be the case. We also ordered pizzas and it really took a LONG time for the pizza to come out, not sure if it was our slow server or a busy night but either way, it took a long while.
3	My girlfriend and I had two experiences, so far, at the mellow mushroom.The first was on St. Patrick's Day, shortly after the Flogging Molly concert at Tempe Beach Park let out...obviously this place would be busy.  We had to wait quite a bit to get the attention of the server, but the place was packed, so I can't hold this against them too much. The bruscetta and pizza we got was amazing, one of the better pies I've ever tasted.  With an extensive beer selection and full bar, with relatively competent bartenders that seemed to be able to keep up with the demand for drinks and extended hours, this seemed like a great place for a late night snack and nightcap.The following week, we return on a Wednesday, about 2 hours before closing time.  We sat at a booth in the bar area and were met by a server relatively quickly.  Our order was taken and drinks brought out, only to find out that they are only doing slices of pizza at the time, not making any new ones...We figured we'd try it out and get a couple of slices with some pretzles to even it all out.  After finishing our slices and waiting for an extra 10-15 minutes, we finally flagged down the waitress and asked about the pretzles, she mentioned that the kitchen wasn't cooking anything new.We also asked one of the bartenders (who may or may not have been a manager), when they killed the menu for future reference, and was told about 10 or 10:30 they went to slices only of whatever they had available (in a rather rude tone for someone addressing two of maybe 8 customers in the whole place...).  After eliciting our disappointment, they offered to comp our drinks, which were the most expensive items we ordered, which made the visit managable but still very disappointing.Bottom Line:  Go for lunch, when it won't be too busy, and you'll have a chance at being treated properly.  After about 10pm or so, just go to Slices.
3	Good evening Yelpers, this is a live action review of the newest pizza joint on Mill. So far they are batting one star. The waitress didn't show up for 10 minutes and after failing to know what their seasonal draft beers were, her response to a question regarding the house wine was "I'm not sure, it has a tree on the label." Stay tuned.Update. A few minutes have gone by since we ordered drinks and the waitress comes back not with our drinks but to ask us to remind her what we ordered. Still batting one star. First course is up! Never mind, she brought the wrong size salad. Come on Mellow Mushroom! I want you to be good, I really really do.Pizza has been devoured. Has the service continued to be awful? Absolutely.  Was the pizza good? Yes yes and yes. The meat pizza was as good as it gets. The cosmic karma pizza was delish. The fun guy pizza was the slow kids of the trio but held its own.  The pretzels were meh. So the big question is, how many stars did the food recover from the atrocious service?  I'm going with three. Four star food and one star service.Now to be fair, this place has only been open for a week and most likely just has some kinks to work out.  I will likely return and will most definitely keep this place in mind when thinking of take out.As you were.
5	When my group sat down to eat (great location on Mill, BTW!), we elected to share a pizza and appetizers, but one of our friends was vegan.They were able to cater to his needs easily. I don't normally eat vegan -- but the vegetable pizza and bruschetta were absolutely delicious!The dough in the pizza is so incredible. It translates to all of their selections -- pretzels, et al.Finally, the beer list is unending! They even have Papago BrewCo Orange Blossom, which you can combine with other brews!!
2	I was really excited to try this place. Was a little disappointed when I looked online and found out it was a chain. The atmosphere was fun, a lot of people, but I wish the music was a little lower. I don't know if I was fighting the loud music or the loud people (maybe a combination of both) but I found myself yelling across the table to talk to my 3 friends. Our waitress was nice. But she would disappear 15 minutes at a time. I don't think I've ever waited that long for a water. Then it took another 30 minutes to get my appetizer. I didn't order anything else because I wanted to get out of there before midnight. Then the food was ok. I unfortunately didn't get the chance to try the pizza. I only got a pretzel appetizer - which basically tasted like salt. My friends seemed to enjoy their meals more than I. The only reason that I would return here soon is after a night of drinking on Mill. Maybe I'll try it again in 3 months once things get better established, at which point I will hopefully have the opportunity to revise this review.
2	This location opened right opposite brickyard, and I was looking forward to trying this place for sometime. The experience, however, was a big disappointment. It took 20 min to prepare the order, needless to say this is too long for lunch take-out. The place ran out of boxes once our order arrived, so ended up taking the pizza in a foil wrapped package. The cheese on top did not like this and decided to stick to the foil and wouldn't let go. Dough was hardly impressive and very hard. Great location, below average food. Not visiting this place again.
5	I just had the most phenomenal pizza here. It was like potato skins on a pizza.  Figured I would be brave and try something crazy off the menu and it was delicious.  We were seated right away and had our drinks within less than 5 minutes being seated.  Very good service as well.  Too bad I was on the clock or I would have sampled some of their very large beer selection!!!
1	We were greeted at the door and the host was nice but as soon as we sat down the service just stopped. After literally 20 minutes we decided to leave due to no one acknowledging us without even the slightest smile. The food looked decent but we will never know, and due to the lack of service we will never return. If you are looking for a place to be treated as if you don't exist then Mellow Mushroom is the place for you.
4	After many months of loud construction, Mellow Mushroom moved in below our office. I was super excited to try it (takeout downstairs ftw) and I wasn't disappointed. The cheese pizza was not my *all time* favorite, but it was super good. The crust was delicious and there wasn't too much sauce. What was actually my favorite was the cheese bread - mmm!
4	After the bad reviews others have posted, I was really unsure what to expect. But I was VERY PLEASANTLY surprised!The dough/crust is FANTASTIC - flavorful, and just the right crispness without being hard and burnt.It tastes like it might be almost-whole-grain. Not excessive, as in gritty, but just a bit chewy, in a good way.I had a Fun Guy pizza (yeah, I know, lol) - LOTS of mushrooms - 5 different types - and lots of cheese. Brought home the leftover, and it was just as good reheated the next day.The service wasn't bad for our large group of 8, although they did screw up the order a bit. We ordered TWO Fun Guy pizzas, but they only brought one. Not a big problem, we simply shared the first while waiting on the second.The only weird thing is that many of the beers on the extensive beer list are served in CANS - I do NOT like canned beer. For example, all the New Belgium beers, like Fat Tire, which is one of my go-to beers.
4	Tried this place again today because of a request from the owner. It is nice to see that reviews on Yelp get noticed by restaurant owners and they really care about their customers. I am happy to say the food this time was very good. Portabella grilled hoagie was up to the mark and the sun dried tomatoes inside were wonderful. My friend liked his hawaiian style calzone as well. I would recommend this place again for its food. Giving 4 stars because of the very casual service.
5	After my initial review, Jay, the owner, reached out and suggested I try the larger pizza which is a bit different than the lunch pizza. A couple of us went in today for lunch, and not only did Sean, the manager, take care of our whole meal for us, the larger pizza was great. Such good crust. Thanks guys!
5	I've never been disappointed at any Mellow Mushroom that I have visited and this still holds true! Of all the Mellow Mushrooms that I have visited, the ambiance of this one is my favorite! It has an urban contemporary look and typical of most Mellow Mushrooms, a vivid color scheme that is inviting.Me and my boyfriend ordered a Mighty Meaty, which is a must try for any one. The cheese was perfect and all the toppings were crisp and their crust is to die for. The crust is what ties in all their pies. If you've only had fast food pizzas or you haven't been to Mellow Mushroom you are definitely missing out on pizza nirvana. So do yourself a favor and don't delay any further to partake in pizza pie heaven!
3	Mellow Mushroom.  I was hoping that the decorations inside would be a little more psilocybin-influenced, but what're ya gonna do?  Outside they have what looks like a picture of an extreme close-up of some fungus and it kind of reminds me of Ren & Stimpy, whenever they do those nauseating close-ups of spit on Stimpy's tongue or whatever.Overall the food and the drinks that they have here are top notch.  Each time, I've had one of their vegetarian pizzas and they're very, very tasty.  The only thing that sort of lags about the place, I'd have to say, is the service.  It's odd because inside, there has to be more waiters and waitresses than I've ever seen in one place.  The inside is swimming with them and it's kind of weird when it takes a really long time to get a drink refilled.  They're not anywhere near rude though, everyone here's been really nice.I really enjoy having this place around to grab a drink or munch on a slice of pizza.  It could use some work but the place is newly opened and I'm sure they'll work out their kinks.Also, Mellow Mushroom has a special place in my heart for the weirdest night of people watching I've ever had in my entire fucking life.  First, paramedics wheeled away an old man too drunk for his own good.  A nice-looking fellow then fell asleep at a bus stop minutes later.  The sluttiest gang of scags in all the land then flirted with the firemen who were on the scene that escorted away Drink McToodrunkerson.  Thing is, those firemen weren't stereotypically hot, either.  I think everyone was wearing beer goggles.
3	Today I had the Magical Mystery Tour pizza. It was unexpectedly good.  The mushrooms and jalapenos were a good mix of flavors along with the pesto sauce.  But it could have used a little more mushrooms considering the price I paid.  I was reluctant to go back since the last time I went I paid over $15 for a build-your-own salad, which came with wilted greens and were stingy with all of the ingredients that you had to add. I was hard pressed to find the mushrooms, avocado (not even a full slice) and olives that I added, basically all the extras besides the wilted greens.  If you're eating there and ordering pizza be prepared to wait, it's not ideal for a quick lunch. And be prepared to shell out a few dollars.  The food is not cheap! The likelihood of returning to Mellow Mushroom for lunch would be minimal at this point, but I do hear they have good Happy Hour deals.  Maybe I'll see you then.
5	I have been long awaiting the opening of this restarurant and have to say I am a bit amazed by the reviews that I have read by people who obviously have never either A. Been to a restaurant or B. worked in any sort of service industy. This website is used rate the establishment not knit-pick things that you are going to get at any restaurant. My servers each time have been so accomodating and each instance I have been served by a different watier/waitress. The food is amazing, not typical pizza that you can get at any hole in the wall pizzeria, it is true that the price is a little (by little I mean marginally) more than Pizza Hut or Papa John's, but you are not only paying for great service here, you are paying for the atmosphere and freshest pizza available. I encourage everyone to try it out for themselves, putting aside the comments from other users that have nothing better to do that sit on YELP bitching about things that have absolutely nothing to do with the establishment, i.e. too many clean plates?? I have never seen someone mad for recieving a clean plate with a course change through-out the dinner.. MELLOW is doing a great job, keep it up and I will be coming back!
3	Call in order to avoid 30 minute wait on a small veggie pizza. Tasty but not worth the wait.
3	This is your typical chain pizza place only they have tons of beers to choose from. I mean a lot of beers, at least 30, and most of them are good microbrews. They also have good pizza (love the crust) and good salads. The service here was iffy, but nothing that would make me not return. This is a good, cheap place to get a nice base before going out drinking on Mill.
5	If you are ready for a "kosmic" experience, you MUST try the Kosmic Karma pizza at Mellow Mushroom! I am the definition of a carb loving woman, and the thick whole grain crust satisfies every craving I have! Now for the best part - the toppings. My mouth is watering just thinking about the warm mozzarella, the fresh feta and the pesto that form this out of world experience! Wash it all down with a dark stout and you'll be in food lovers paradise! The environment is fun and spunky. The graffiti on the walls make for good talking topic (look at the arrow above the kitchen and see what comes to mind!). Being located on Mill Ave in the heart of Downtown Tempe is super convenient and makes this the perfect starting point for a fun night on the town!On a personal point - the patio is fabulous, however you want to get a table in the back. We have had panhandlers approach us for left over food & money each time we sat too close to the street!
5	Mellow Mushroom - WOWAs you may tell from recent reviews, I have been on a Pizza crusade. Well, I took a friend to Mellow Mushroom today and the pizza rocked.We shared the Thai Die Pizza which had curry chicken and tasted awesome. The crust was think and delicious the pizza burst with taste when I bit into it. I am a traditional pizza guy but this diversion worked.Great service and a nice patio to eat topped it off.I'll be heading back...soon
3	My wife and I went here with my sister and her husband last night.  It was about 6pm and the place was pretty dead.  The place has a pretty decent vibe to it but isn't nearly as eclectic as I had expected for some reason.  I don't know why, but I had visions of this place looking like some Cheech and Chong movie with tie die everywhere.The beer selection is decent and have tons to choose from both in bottles and on draft.  There is something there for everyone and they are glad to let you sample anything on draft.I'm a traditional pizza type of guy so I wasn't sure I was going to like Mellow Mushroom's unconventional pizza offerings.  But I have an open mind and you can't put too much weird sh*t on a pizza, right?While their specialty pizzas are most unique and contain at least what looks to be fresh ingredients, they don't offer much in the way of taste.  I was expecting to be wowed with the great looking crust and flavorful toppings, but I just wasn't.  The crust was too doughy for me (perfectly crispy on the outside however), but the flavor just wasn't there.  They put some type of coating on it and it looks awesome but isn't flavorful at all.  I tried 4 different pizzas and they were all just ok.  They look and sound way better than they taste.  They didn't taste bad, just not awesome.  I mean you are paying "gourmet" pizza prices so I wanted gourmet pizza taste.Our waitress was awesome.  She was very personable, friendly and fast.Even if it is a chain I think this place is unique and a great addition to Mill.  However, I'm not entirely sure this place is going to last.  I don't know if college kids (or me for that matter) want to shell out over $30 for a medium pizza and a beer or two.  Pro Tip:  the slices are huge so have them double cut for better sharing.
2	Well, you only get one chance to make a good first impression and Mello you disappointed :(   For those of you who have ever had a Philly Cheese Steak or something right along those lines you know that Ketchup is usually a must on those. I asked for Ketchup and the server said "I'm sorry, we don't have Ketchup", are you kidding me ! Last time I looked Ketchup was like the staple of American Cusine. They also had Mr.Pipp instead of Dr.Pepper. Anyone who drinks Dr.Pepper knows this is a no-no. The food was average as was the ambience. You can pass on this one as you are not missing anything to write more than i already have. Just hit up Slices right across the street if you want good pizza. Sorry Mr. Mellow but no love here :(
4	Not sure why others are down on this place. It's obviously more of a bar than a restaurant so I wouldn't have expected world class cuisine. All of the food I have had here has been good for bar food. The real reason to come is their amazing selection of beers on tap, which seems to be a rarity in these parts. They also have an excellent happy hour from 3-6 when every drink and appetizer is half off. The service was a bit hit or miss depending on the server, but not bad at all. Good amount of outdoor seating but could probably do with being expanded if possible.
3	Good vegan choice.  The vegan cheese was not off putting on the pizza.  Decent pretzels.  I think i will skip the butter on the crust next time though.
1	This place was horrible! The service was bad and I swear to you, the placed smelled like sweaty feet! I came here a group of people from work and it took forever! We waited for an hour and a half, only to get luke warm pizza! One of my co workers asked for change for his parking meter and the server rudely replied, "no" and then walked away!  I will never go back!
1	Last week, a group of us went into the Mellow Mushroom restaurant in Tempe to have a "quick" lunch before a 1pm meeting. We got there at Noon, ordered and then waited, and waited, and waited. At 12:50pm I told my waitress that I had a 1pm meeting and please run my card now so I can take my food and run to my meeting. Well, I get my food at 1pm and it is the wrong order. Argghhh!! So I have the waitress send it back to the kitchen and have one of my coworkers bring it to me, but I am still waiting for my card which I gave to her 10 minutes ago and I have to go this meeting that I am already late for. My co-worker signs my card and I get my cold food later and again it's the wrong order. I eat it anyways and can't lie, it tasted really good.Fast forward to today, where a co-worker and I had another 1pm meeting. We decide to work through lunch and order take out from them and give them another chance. I make our orders at 12:05pm and the girl says that it will take 20 minutes. So I go to pick them up at 12:30pm and they aren't ready. So again, I wait, and wait, and wait. While I am waiting I hear the kitchen manager and a server talking about a table where the customer was not so happy about having to wait so long for their food and was trying to get a discount. At that moment I hear the kitchen manager refer to the customer that is arguing this as a "douchebag". My jaw just dropped at what I have just heard. I have to go outside because I don't wanna hear more. So I continue to wait until I get our food at 12:55pm, 30 minutes after it was promised to me, we end up having to eat our food during our meeting. Uggh. Now the food is great here, they do an great job at this but the customer service is absolutely dreadful and that is being nice. Surprising because there is usually 25 people working in there at one time. I do not recommend Mellow Mushroom unless you have a lot of time and patience, and don't mind the kitchen staff calling you "douchebag" and other names behind your back. I'll pass
3	Atmosphere is really cool...a lot of awesome local artwork. Pizza is delicious and they have a ton of local beers on tap. Too bad the service absolutely sucked. We stood at the front waiting to be sat while every server stared at us. After getting seated it took a while for the server to get to us and get our drink orders taken which was not a big deal because it was lunch rush. A simple, hey I'm busy I apologize about the wait would have been nice though. Ordered 2 sandwiches and a small pizza which took 1 hour and 20 minutes. Not so happy at this point since the place has cleared out by now. Manager came over and took 50% off my sandwich since I waited over an hour to get the wrong thing which was nice of him but the bill was still $46 after that. I asked him what a normal ticket time is for a sandwich and he said 10 minutes...weird.  Moral of the story....order to go!
1	Tried to eat there once, got sat at a table, picked out a beer..enjoyed the artwork all around...but no one ever came to take my order! I was in plain view of the hostess, and the only person of 8 in the place that wasn't eating, yet. I got up and left.
1	This is the worst place when it comes customer service! We called and made reservations a week ago and they said the could accommodate 20 people without any problem! We then called the morning of and told them we were on our way. We got there at 11am and we didn't get our good until 12:45! The good didn't come out together and it was not even hot! When we asked to speak to the manager,.Beau, he said he was too busy to speak with us.  It got so bad that my manager marched back to the kitchen and asked him to come out and talk to us. He didn't move. We all ended up writing emails to their corporate office and the owner responded. He acknowledge that their service was unacceptable and offered to make it up to us. However, I have no plans of returning!
5	We had our first visit to the Mellow Mushroom today and we LOVED it!! We had the stuffed portabella which was amazing. Followed that with the house special pizza which very quickly disappeared. We cant wait to go back and try some more of the delicious sounding menu. Quite an impressive selection of beer as well! The customer service was great! Our server, Ashlie, was one of the best servers we have had anywhere in a long time! She even made sure our dog (sitting on the other side of the patio gate) had fresh cold water to drink! Above and beyond! Thank you Ashlie!
4	Best pizza ever! The crust is amazing. I recommend the magical mystery tour with chicken and a frosty local draft beer. Will be back.
5	I came here for a steak and cheese hoagie and I was delighted! The steak was so tender! Sure you can be mesmerized by their pizza but at least try their hoagies too. Don't wait another day to swing by Mellow Mushroom!
3	I've tried this place a couple times, and in general the food is really good. Their lunch special acn't be beat, but their service isn't always consistent. Whether to go or dining in, i've had several instances of slow service and wrong orders. If they could just work out those kinks, I'd give them another star.
2	I have been here twice and wish I could give them a better rating. "Meh, I've experienced better" is exactly how I feel about this place.  The beer selection is definatly impressive but I feel there is a lack of unique craft beers. The first time I came to Mellow mushroom, our experience was awful.  Our waitress took her dear sweet time to do anything.  It literally took us over ten minutes to even place our drink order, and then she brought my friend out the wrong drink.  We bailed after one round and chalked it up to them having just opened.  The second experience here was actually much better.  Our server was prompt, knowledgable, friendly and very attentive; I was very relieved to see the service had improved.  My boyfriend and I ordered the all meat pizza and a salad as a starter.  The food was in no way bad, but it just felt like it lacked the wow factor.  Overall I would say I leave Mellow Mushroom feeling like I never really want to come back.....its just "meh".
2	Some of the worst service I have experienced in a long time.  The place wasn't even half full and our appetizer took 40 minutes.  The food was good, but not great.  The beer selection is great, but the waiters don't know anything about beer.  It is a real shame that this location is so bad, I have been to others that were great.
2	We had a Groupon.The waiter was pleasant.  The food was just above average.  The prices were steep.We showed up at 6pm on a Friday night...and I expected to wait for a seat and wait a long time for food.  Surprisingly we were seated right away and our service was quick and easy.We ordered the pizza that has olive oil, garlic and EGGS.  Totally strange but tasty.  It was a bit salty, but it was cool to say we've tried it.The two of us ordered one pizza (shared) and two sodas.  Our bill was $32 bucks.  Kinda high for two guys to eat pizza on Mill Ave.I'm doubtful we'll return just because the prices were so high.
3	Had an excellent pizza here - the Kosmic Karma, which has sun-dried tomatoes, spinach, roma tomatoes,and pesto in addition to the red sauce, and we added meatballs to it. The quality of the ingredients and especially the flavor of the crust were excellent, and there is an extensive tap-beer selection and full bar. But I had to dock a star for the prices - like almost everyone else on this site, I feel that they're charging probably about $5 more than they should for the size of the pizza you're getting. We sat in the bar area and had excellent service, but our server did alert us to the fact that the pizzas take about 20 minutes to get to you.
1	I've been here about 3-4 times since it's opening & each time the service has been consistently poor, tolerable but definitely below par. I have continued to go back hoping it was a "working the kinks" out situation & as they were open longer everything would fall into place - NO WAY. I will never go back. Our experience last night by far topped the list of mouth open this-is-so-ridiculous-I-can't-believe-it-is-actually-happening-in-real-life. The menu says **ask about our gluten free beers** so I did & was informed the only gf beer was pear cider. Slightly annoyed because the menu is a little misleading.After the bartender got our drinks, our actual server took forever to come to the table (even though she walked back & forth 3-4 times) We wanted a gluten free pizza so I asked her what size the gf crust was & she said 10 inches. We ordered 2 pizzas, asking for no cheese on both. We also "built our own salad" asking specifically if the green olives were pitted & ordered those - our salad come to the table with black olives.She came back to our table awhile later & sits down next to me (this may sound stuck up/prissy whatever but seriously, I don't know you & I did NOT come to hang out or sit by you  & I find it incredible tacky & invading to sit down without being asked just so you don't have to stand up while you talk with us) & says "do you have an allergy"excuse me, what?" do you have a gluten allergy? or are you just trying to be healthy or eat better or something because our crust is actually healthier, that gluten free crust has preservatives and eggs and its not healthy at all"um again, excuse me?? I have 2 years of nutrition classes under my belt, have worked with acupuncturists, herbalists, quantum biofeedback specialists, naturopaths, and spend hours doing personal research, experiments, and reading of my own and YOU in 1 sentence are going to speculate on my food choices, make me feel self conscious & without any actual facts or data or education tell me that something is healthy & something else is not healthy for me. This is absolutely unacceptable in my eyes & downright rude. She then goes on to explain that there are other aspects of the pizza's that aren't gluten free & we need to order off the gluten free menu, um HELLO?? Why is it that I am just being told about this menu now, wouldn't you have thought to bring to my attention there is a gluten free menu when I first asked about the gluten free crust? She brings the menu and it says the crust is in fact 12 inches (didn't I just ask her this question & she said 10?) so now we decide we only need 1 pizza & want to stick with the thai dye pie (I had heard its really tasty). She says its not on the gluten free menu & other things about it (not just the crust) have gluten. ok, so what are the other 'things'? She checks and comes back and says the sauce.I ask what other sauces could be used and she says none, you need to order off the gluten free menu. seriously WTF at this point. My husband doesn't want to go sauce-less because the pizza will be super dry so I say that's fine, I am sure a little sauce won't be a big deal for my stomach & I only plan on eating 1-2 pieces at most anyways. Instead of just taking our order as is our server then responds w/ "do you have an allergy or not"so rude, & most importantly, If she is going to go around giving health advice she should at least have a basic understanding of gluten, what it is, how it affects people, allergies, etc. gluten is not black & white, if you are allergic you don't eat one speck & break into convulsions like some people may from beans, peanuts, etc. It affects everybody differently ranging from malabsorption of nutrients, gas, bloating, headaches, leaky gut, etc. etc. - full blown celiacs have a much harder time & need to ensure no gluten is ever consumed, while some people just try to make prudent choices when available to limit the amount of adverse digestive problems that accompany consumption of gluten. There is also no reason why I should have to explain this, myself, or my choices to the server - especially when she is having a bad attitude. She finally goes away and our pizza comes out (over 30 minutes later) w/ yep, tons of melted cheese all over the place. We sent it back & when she came back told her what happened & said we wanted it togo, not only did she not apologize she didn't even say anything. We finally got the correct pizza & it was pathetic. There were barely any toppings & she had them put the sauce on the side, saying "she still didnt understand if we had an allergy or not" AAAAHHH! While waiting for our check she sat down hugging the guy at the table next to ours carrying on personal conversations, etc. helloooo??? we need our bill! no coupons, no apologies, nothing. I was a server for 5 years & I would NEVER let my husband tip someone $0 but I was so upset we left the exact amount and got out of there as fast as possible.
1	service okay  but more like from Mel's Diner. WEbsite doesnt show prices because theyre high for what you get. Pizza basically is poor. Chain/franchise stuff all zip and dazzle and poor quality. The  dough was flat almost like it had no yeast. The tomato sauce is sub par tasted like a jar of supermarket sauce on sale salty bitter not sweet and fresh. Cheese was definitely not high quality mozzarella. If any one  who has lived or eaten in NYC, LA, SF  Boston even Chicago tasted this junk, they would surely never go back as I  will not. A large 16" cheese pizza was $15.99. Hint there are purveyors that sell gr8 pizza sauce and cheese sellers that sell fine qualityWisconsin cheese, and those only  cost another 50 cents a pie so why would this mellow place charge $15.99 for a pizza with less than great ingredients. I dont care what the price is but pleae make it quality right                                                                                                                                                                                   THe corporate web site which I used has NO prices I googled Mellow and got the main website only ythe local store menus have prices.  The dough was  flat no bubbles or rising?? Th sauce was sub par  Bonta( Escalon) makes a pizza sauce without the preservative citric acid which makes  sauce bitter not sweet. Their's tastes sweet like a tomato product should.. The bottom of our crust was very well done but the top of the pizza was  undercooked. ERven the to go box was  cheap  Sorry Jay   its overpriced  but inferior
1	good food bad service! recommend just doing take out!
4	I went at 6pm on a Tuesday night and the service was great. We got garlic bread which was awesome and then bbq chicken pizza which again was awesome! The drinks kept coming and the waitress got a good tip. I will be back again.
3	I first saw Mellow Mushroom when I was in Atlanta on business recently, and I was intrigued. I didn't get a chance to go then, so when I saw that they had arrived in Tempe, and the Groupon came out, I was excited to give it a try.On the recommendation of some friends who have eaten there, we organized an outing. I was really excited by the menu; lost of interesting sounding vegetarian options. The beer selection is impressive (try the orange blossom-yum!).The stuffed portabello appetizer was disappointing. The pizzas were okay; I liked the Magical Mystery Tour better than the Gourmet White for sure, but neither was super amazing.The service was okay; there were a few mishaps, people being given the wrong beer, check splitting was a little too complicated even with advance notice, but nothing awful.The atmosphere is decent; I imagine the original one was super fun and quirky, but replicating that in a chain almost never works.I will probably go back to try some of the things that sounded good that I didn't get to try last time; but it is a bit pricey, probably overpriced for the quality.
4	Great service, our waitress definitely knew the menu and was very helpful.  We ordered the fun guy and bbq chicken pizza.  The fun guy was too "mushroomie" for our liking.  But the bbq chicken was phenomenal.  The applewood bacon on top was ridiculously good and we highly recommend it on any of their pizzas!
3	So many vegetarian options - I love it!! They have several vegetarian pizzas with delicious toppings like BBQ tofu, tempeh, avocado, etc.  And many appetizers and sandwiches that are veg-friendly or easily can be made that way.  Apparently they also have vegan pizzas, which I didn't inquire about since I love my cheese... We ordered the Mega Veggie and it was very delicious and most certainly satisfied my pizza craving! The tofu wasn't cooked very well...but I like the fact that that try.The ambiance/atmosphere was non-existent - The restaurant has a cheap elegant layout (like Cheesecake Factory or Picazzos), but there is hip-hop/urban/skater artwork covering the walls and the menu has a hippie vibe. What? I am not sure what they are going for, but it isn't  working.This place is pretty pricey for a pizza joint!  We ordered: 1 beer, 1 medium pizza, 1 root beer and the total was $32.  For that price, I could have some nice cocktails with my pizza at The Parlor.
1	WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!!!!!!! My friend and I went there last night. She warned that the service wasn't great, but the food was. We were seated outside and I ordered a glass of chardonnay (the one and only on their menu). It tasted awful so I waited for our server to come back around and asked to have it traded out for a beer. He told me he needed to ask his manager first since they were having issues with people trading drinks out. I waited. He returned to tell me there was nothing he could do, I had to keep my wine, and that it was "store policy" that they could not take back alcoholic beverages. I asked to speak to the manager. She came out with an overbearing, on guard demeanor and asked what she could do. I let her know I wanted to trade out my drink and she told me "yeaaaa, we can't do that. Store policy" with a "yeah, sucks to be you" tone to her voice. I told her it was a ridiculous policy and that she needed to do something to correct the situation. She carried on to argue with me. When I stood my ground and stated I wanted to speak with the owner she told me "don't take that tone with me" as if I was a child. Finally, she sent out the assistant GM and he seemed displeased with her unprofessional behavior. He asked that we stay but at this point I was so shaky I just wanted to leave. He gave me his card and asked me to come back. The only person he demonstrated professionalism in this situation was Shaun, the assistant GM. The company needs to come in and give their employees extensive customer service training. p.s. "Manager" Woman who gave me attitude: If you ever read this, grow up and go look in the mirror. Your attempt at applying fashionable make-up failed miserably.
1	"Uhm, we don't give out change here"... yes that's what I was told at the to-go register when I parked a few feet from the door at a metered parking spot by the restaurant, and merely asked to break a dollar so our party could eat here.  They don't give change.  They don't have a dedicated lot - they have metered parking right outside their doors.  Grrrrreat policy, Mellow Mushroom.Food is on a par with the other MM in town.  Service varies depending on the server, many of which have attitudes.  Draft list is long, but much of it isn't of much interest to anyone who's been into craft beer for awhile.  Good location on Mill.  Looks like that's why they'll stay in business, and for no other reason.
4	I ate here for dinner on a Tuesday and I thought the food was delicious and the draft beer list was one of the better in the Tempe area. I tasted the Fun Guy pizza and the Thai Dye pizza. Both were very good - the Thai Dye in particular was inventive. It tasted like indian food and pizza had a yummy love child. The service was a bit slow, but it was very friendly courteus.
4	Wow.. the pizza I had here was the bomb.com! I loved their vegetarian options and how many veggies they put on the pizza for such a reasonable price. I hate at other restaurants how much extra that you have to pay for a real veggie pizza. The only reason I gave mellow mushroom a four was the service. Our server seemed to be on crack and was like always running away from our table. At one point I asked for extra napkins, which were not brought with our pizza, and he brought me two. like so random, didn't realize there was a napkin shortage at pizza restaurants. Other than that, best veggie pizza I've ever had!
4	I used the Groupon for my first visit and the food was amazing. Service was a little slow, but her good attitude and politeness made up for the slowness. That and the food was amazing. We ordered the "magical" something pizza which has pesto sauce, spinach, mushrooms, and jalepenos on it. Amazing. Went back later in the weekend for their late night slices which were a good drunken munchie alternative to Jimmy johns, slices, or chronic taco. Would recommend to others.
2	I've been there twice and wasn't very impressed with the food or value either time.  First time, I tried the Jerk Chicken grilled hoagie (it wasn't bad).  When I asked if it came with chips, the server said "yes, when we have some".  The 2nd time I had the Meatball hoagie.  The "whole" meatball hoagie had 3 (yes 3) meatballs and was served with about a dozen potato chips.  So does that mean the "half" meatball hoagie has 1 1/2 meatballs?  The sandwich tasted OK, but I think would be better on their french roll (instead of the sourdough which I had).I was very pleasantly surprised with the beer selection.  The service was OK.Overall, I thought it was over priced and the food was average.  I will say, their pizza does look good, so if I go back that is what I will try.
1	Sadly nothing has changed. The fact is if your over 25 and believe that service is important this is not the place for you. Huge place with approximately 25 patrons and 25 workers. This time I went with 3 people or 2 couples. We were seated and then forgotten. We watched other "kids" who came in after us order and get drinks, then place there food order it was obvious that we would have to get up and ask for a server. After 22 minutes we did.  Wow we can order. Server asks us what we would like and we ask for the extensive beer menu which could have and should have been given to each person when we were seated. He returns with one and stands there waiting for our order. Yes 1 for 4 people and wants an instant order. So finally we order and in only 15 minutes we get our drinks minus 2 that he forgot but did return in 10 minutes with the soft drinks.  OUR FOOD order came out quicker than the drinks but interestingly the other "kids" who had come in after us were already DONE EATING AND GONE.Chopped salad looked like I had asked my kids to make it. We upgraded and ordered chicken to be added and found that it and some black olives were the only chopped item on the plate. It was served with two tiny plastic cups of dressing hardly enough for the salad but it was fine with us as we didn't eat it.  McDonalds would not have served this and perhaps the management should hop in their car and go to Picazzo's and see a chopped salad. Pizzas came out and were average and on one there was no sign of sauce anywhere under the cheese. Perhaps they forgot it or there was so little it went onto 1 slice.Well we would have loved to have had more drinks or refills but a table of girls came in and for 30 minutes it became the only important thing for our server. Finally we gave up and one of us walked to the hostess and asked for our check. About 15 minutes later he arrived with the bill and just left it on the table in between all of our dirty plates, glasses and silverware and walked away.  It was extremely hot the night we were in and every 5 minutes a young guy wearing a camoflouge shirt or hat I don't rememeber was adjusting the A/C.  I am not sure he even worked there as everyone else has on black t's.In my 1st review I suggested this restaurant would be struggling during the summer when they would have to count on locals for support. 25 people on a Friday night might be a true indicator.  The manager asked me to come back in and give them another chance.  Same result. Sorry MM but look up and down Mill and see restaurant spaces empty because they assumed the kids of ASU would support them and keep them in the green.
3	Since its open sometime last year, many acquaintances have waxed poetic about the Mellow Mushroom in Tempe AZ. This last week, I finally got up off my arse and down to Tempe see what all the Hullabaloo was about. First let me say this place smacks of corporate interference from top to bottom. It reminds me of the Hard Rock cafe, only with Real Beer. From the 8ft. multi colored spinning record player on the back bar wall down to the separate T-Shirt Shop room, this is a concept probably created by the same people who own Fridays & or Hard Rock. OK, now that's out of my system, let's chat beer. 48 draft handles, yes 48, quite impressive. One problem, 12 Handles were ALL Rogue beers and this format seemed to carry over to other breweries as well, albeit in smaller numbers. Don't get me wrong, I love Rogue, but with 48 handles I would like to see a wider & more creative range of breweries. In truth, with 48 mostly craft handles it would be difficult not to find something good. I did find a few very good strong ales as well as a nice selection of local brews. The bartender, Chelsea, was very accommodating & knew her beer. The Kitchen on the other hand was not as impressive. With all that strong brew on hand a bit of nosh was most certainly in order. We ordered soft pretzels which for some reason never came. The place began to fill up just as we ordered but to see quite a few people who ordered food long after us happily eating was just a bit irritating. All said, Mellow Mushroom was surely worth seeing at least once & who knows, mabey next time the kitchen will grant me the rights to try the food. Cheers.
4	Stopped back by Mellow Mushroom with my mate Justin from Brew Bros. & a few of our mates Monday afternoon while pub crawling on a day off.  First I must say my return trip was motivated by an immediate response from to my 1st Yelp review from Mellow Mushroom's owner Jay.  I didnt expect any reponse, much less a return so quickly. Respect for that. Great to see to someone paying such close attention to their customers.This can only be a good thing.The same draft selection as the first time around.  48 Handles.  Thats a lot of beer.  As said in my first reiview, with 48 handles I would Love to see more variety and a bit more imagination with respect to the draft beer choices, then again who would complain about a selection w/ at least 40 craft beers on tap?   Thats a real commitment. Our bartender Madison was enthusiastic about what she was serving which in Arizona's growing craft beer community is a big plus.  On a another note, this time around the food I ordered made it out of the kitchen rather quickly.  Just a mediterainan salad, but nice.All said, great to see another craft beer brother join the club.  Nice to have you here.
4	Great happy hour deals. Sat on the patio every time I have been there and the service tends to be a little slower out there, but the servers were always nice and fairly attentive. (If there were a seperate rating for service, it would be 3 stars.) The food is delicious!!! Definitely try the meatball appetizer and the spinach dip. The pizza's are great as well. I tried the jerk chicken wings and was not impressed with the seasonings, but the overall flavor was ok. Tried the pretzel dessert, which by the way, is literally a large pretzel the size you would buy at a mall or sports event. The dough seems to be made in house and the pretzels rolled by hand, which is really refreshing to see in a restaurant that serves many items made with bread.Overall, I highly recommend this restaurant, especially if you can go during happy hour.
4	Met up with friends and did the 6-course beer and food pairing (all for only around $30) last night. I even won the raffle! And yes, I think the maroon Moose Drool golf towel was the appropriate choice in gift - especially when put next to the beer glass with paper placemat and camouflage cap. But anyway, we had a gregarious, rollicking Epicurean evening of beer samplings and not-too-shabby food courses. Loved the bleu cheese crumbles w/  vinagrette salad and the sausage meatball...thing. I like the coffee porter, and the banana-y tasting lager. Ladies, thanks for the extras! Service was top notch - 5 stars for that alone. What a night...I will be back for sure - hopefully with my posse!
3	The good:- Pizza is quite tolerable- Staff is friendly- Environment is clean and relaxing- You will likely get free food due to some mishap with your orderThe bad:- There will likely be some mishap with your order- It may take 1.5 hours to get your pizza- You may run into people you went to high school withThis is all you need to know.
1	The bad just keeps getting worse.  My previous review for Mellow Mushroom garnered two of five stars; they've officially been downgraded.Today was my third and final visit to the the Mushroom.  Having been several months since visiting, and with my initial two visits occurring very near to their opening, I thought to give them one last shot.Entered at what I would consider a peak lunch time (between noon and 1pm) and it was actually quite dead.  There was a managerial type person standing near the podium that was engrossed in their cell-phone.  At our approach, they quickly stepped out of the way and a hostess stepped in to greet and seat us.  Okay thus far (still don't care for their retro, 80's, skater decor -- it seems really contrived).  Server was friendly enough.  She took our order and brought us our drinks (waters, all around).  The food took quite some time to arrive; it was explained at one point that they were waiting on my 10" pizza.  Fair enough.  Somewhere in here, I tired quickly of the tap-water offering and asked instead for a Diet Coke.  The food finally arrived and everything *looked* okay.  I ordered five jerk chicken wings, well done and a pepperoni and sausage pizza.  My friend ordered what was supposed to be a chicken club "hoagie", however it arrived on thickly sliced bread (i.e., not a hoagie).  First thing I tried was the chicken wings.  They were seasoned nicely and cooked well enough, however they had *obviously* been cooked well in advance of the pizza as they were room-temperature to cold.  I made it through two of them before setting them aside.  About this time, my friend noted that her sandwich was incredibly dry -- so much so that the crust on the bread was almost "sharp" and causing a scratching sensation when eating.  She also noted that it was quite bland and possibly "the worst sandwich I've ever had".  The pizza was sufferable, if not overly cheesy.  It was obvious that little care had gone into the making of the pizza, as the toppings were strewn mostly to one side of the pie, leaving one half to be mostly cheese and... well, cheese.At this point, I asked for a box to take the remainder of the pizza home and requested that the wings be removed from our bill as they had clearly been fired too early and were not acceptable.  The server looked at me critically, stating that she would see what she could do, at which time I informed her that if she can't do anything about it, to please send her manager over so that I can resolve it with them.  Needless to say, the wings were removed.  If it's any indication as to how bad the food here is, I didn't even finish a single glass of Diet Coke -- even it had a foul taint to it. We left feeling anything but Mellow.
4	if you can ignore the moody servers, you'll enjoy the pizza here.
4	Mellow Mushroom is one of my favorite Happy Hour spots. BEST MEATBALLS EVER!!! I order them so often; one of the bartenders calls me Meatballs and not because I look like one.  Would have given 5 stars if I would have received prompt service on my first visit.
5	I first went to Mellow Mushroom where they started back home in Atlanta. I'm glad to say the pizza is just as good at this one, and is some of the best in the area.
4	I give my first visit to Mellow Mushroom "4 stars" because the pizza and beer were really good. And those were the two major reasons I ventured over to the restaurant. I didn't realize that this was such a large chain restaurant until afterward, although that fact doesn't affect my review. The layout and design are cool and it doesn't get too loud...until they randomly turn the music way up.The beer selection is by far the best in Tempe. There is a fair amount of variety, but they do seem to favor Rogue, which isn't a bad thing. I like that they have several types of beer offerings. You can choose from 30+ bottles/cans and 40+ drafts, but what stood out to me was that they had several nitro-tap beers. I had a pint of the Left Hand Milk Stout out of the nitro-tap. Wow! I've had this beer several times in the past, but coming out of nitro-tap is what this beer was made for! Most of my opinion of the beer should be directed toward Left Hand Brewing Company, but to MM's credit, it was served in the proper glassware, proper temperature, and was extremely fresh. They also have beer dinners hosted by a brewery at least once a month, according to the hostess.The pizza was delicious. We ordered the buffalo chicken with ranch dressing. Solid pizza but the buffalo sauce was lacking heat and the dough might have been a bit too soft and chewy below the toppings. The pizza takes a while, so don't come in hungry and expect to eat quickly, unless you order an appetizer. In that case, don't order the pretzels. My friends whom I ate with said they are known for their pretzels. But this time the dough just tasted like wet bread, wasn't cooked enough, was too thin for a pretzel, and didn't come with sauce. This was our servers fault and he apologized for that. The pretzels definitely needed sauce because they were really dry. What was strange was that our server said that the pretzels depend on the cook who makes them. "Sometimes they are great and other times they aren't." Well either don't let that person ever make a pretzel again or just don't tell us that. We asked for them to take the pretzels off of our bill and they were happy to do that.That brings us to the service...uh oh. This experience was mediocre to say the least. My friends said that the previous few times they have eaten at MM, the service has been questionable. I find that disconcerting. Maybe MM doesn't care about the service they offer? The guy we had seemed like he was definitely on that "mellow mushroom."So in conclusion, I will definitely be back because there were a few other pizzas that I wanted to try. But most importantly, I will be back for the draft beer. And I will sit at the bar because I would hope the bartender provides better service than the servers. Plus it's closer to the beer.Give this place a shot. Whenever I drive by, the restaurant is busy. That's a good sign. But if the poor service keeps up, that might change.
4	I've been back twice in the past two nights and the experience has been better. I've sat at the bar both nights. The bartenders are great. The atmosphere around the bar is relaxed, the music is good, and there are plenty of TV's. From 3-6PM is their Happy Hour which is 1/2 off drinks and munchies (appetizers) and from 10PM-2AM it's 1/2 off drinks and $3 cheese and pepperoni pizza slices. Can't beat it! I've been by the past two nights to grab a pint and a slice and haven't been disappointed.Great beer, great food, and a great location.
3	The Service is about a 2, the beer and the selection is about a 5 and the pizza itself is about a 3. The best pizza I have had there is their Magical Mystery Tour. Very unique and good, the rest are average or below. I like the atmosphere but the servers are not great. Very forgetful, don't come by often and are overall unpleasant. They don't seem to be happy there for some reason. Anyway, I have been there 3 times now and 3 stars is all I can give. Sorry guys, great concept but a lot of work to do still.
2	Plain and simple this is not my idea of good pizza. In-fact I think it's pretty bad. I gave them 2 stars only for having lots of good beers on tap. Otherwise this place is not good. The crust is hard and flavorless. I don't mind crusty crust with a chewy inside but not hard as a rock and flavorless. The cheese was not high quality either, it was flavorless as well. The toppings (veg) were pathetic. Basically this is a Pizza hut with a different name. What is all the hoopla about??? I have no idea!!! I will not be going back! I can get a real pizza from some other place. YUK!
4	So I stumbled in here last night at 1 am on a Tuesday completely starving. I needed something to soak up the alcohol so I ordered a slice of pepperoni pizza. All they had were slices which was perfect because that's all I wanted. Plus it was reverse happy hour so it kinda defeated the purpose of the pizza but it was totally worth it. I have been here several times and I have to say that I would only recommend coming here on Tuesdays after midnight because it was really chill. You can't get a whole pizza at that time but you can get several slices to plug your gut. The bartender was a little weird. Or I could have just been really tipsy. Either way it was really empty and there was plenty of seating outside. Definitely recommend if you're wasted on Mill ave on a week night.
3	Been here a few times with the work gang.  Previously, I hadn't been too impressed with their Za.  First time I ordered my standard pie: pepperoni and green peppers.  The crust was pretty good, thin-ish, crispy on the edges.  The sauce and ingredients were decent, but not stellar.My buddies always get the "Red Skin Potato Pie" speciality, and that is indeed pretty tasty, but I can only eat 1 slice of something like that before I'm bored with it.While their "regular" pizza are just ok, I suspected the specialty pizzas are the way to go.  So, today I tried the "Melchacho" which was chipotle sauce base with chorizo, red peppers, avocado and cilantro.  WOW!  Great flavors, perfectly spicy. I will absolutely come back for that pie.  It's not listed on the corporate menu online, but it's available at the Mill Ave (Tempe) location.  Did I say "WOW!"  Yeah, I think I did.SERVICE: The wait staff is always great, but every time I've been it takes quite a long time for the pizzas to come out.    Not recommended if you're on a tight lunch schedule.
4	I think people are being a little harsh on this place. I thought it was pretty good. After reading the reviews my expectations were low but my Groupon addiction had gotten the better of me and I had to spend the Groupon I bought a few months back. Boyfriend and I headed in on a Sunday night. The place is huge and it was kind of empty so seating was not an issue. We ordered BBQ wings and a sausage pizza. Seeing as it wasn't that busy we started to wonder when we didn't get our wings. Then we got our pizza. Hmm. So I said "we had wings too." The waiter went back to check and we got or wings in just a few minutes. We didn't complain (they didn't come out that late, really) but they offered to take half off the wings for the mix-up. Nice service!The pizza had a nice chewy crust, not too much sauce and a decent amount of cheese. If you like lots of sauce you may want to request extra. The crust was kind of buttery and reminded me of the crazy bread at Little Caesars - yum! The wings were a little on the small side but had a good flavor to them.So while I can't say it was the best pizza ever it was good enough that I'd eat it again for sure.
3	I had really high hopes for Mellow Mushroom, and I was a little disappointed. Service was okay - definitely not super crappy like others have mentioned. I went for a late-afternoon lunch (about 3PM on a Monday) and the place was pretty dead. That probably had something to do with it. I got a bowl of their mushroom soup ($3.99) that was surprisingly good! I was expecting something a little thinner since the menu mentioned a wine base, but it was very thick. Still tasty. I also ordered the Philosopher's Pie pizza. Pretty disappointed in that one. The steak tasted a little funky. Overall, it just wasn't quite what I had hoped for. The crust was very good - quite possibly the best part. All in all, gourmet prices for pizza that doesn't measure up. The soup was tasty, and I might be back for happy hour. But I wouldn't go out of my way for this place.
2	Nasty pizza and good service do not equal 5 stars.
5	ive heard about this place from my buddies, and i came here and read the bad reviews. so i put off going , Yesterday, A few friends and myself  went   and found it amazing. i actually went back today for some more today haha. not to badly priced, There beerbatered cheese, is amazing on the pizza.  i did feel bad for the waiter because last night we ordered slices and he accidently gave us 8in personal pizzas, yet we only had to pay for slices, so it was overall amazing haha
4	I love this pizza, especially the crust.  I always order the Mega Veggie with Daiya cheese (always specifying that the whole pizza be vegan). This pizza never disappoints!I've got my work started on ordering from here on Saturdays. Now the whole group of us order the calzones, salads and pizzas for a filling, delicious lunch.
4	I had to go back. I kept hearing mixed reviews, and just had to taste the food for myself. Great selection of beers..and nice menu..everything is like $11-12, so bring some loot.  The thai pizza was off the charts, chicken a little dry, but the marinade was right on. I now have a place to go again on mill..haha..
2	So we walk in at 11:15 AM. and the place is completely empty. (This is during peak college year). The disappointment of not seeing any hot ASU broads was only the beginning of a variety of disappointments during this lunch. So lets start with the good. The waitress was nice. Ok, now the bad: I ordered the lunch special pizza which was an 8 inch pizza and a drink for like $6. The waitress warned me that the pizza "was extremely small" (at least i think she was talking about pizza) so anyways i ordered 2 of them. When the pizza came out, I wouldn't have been surprised if i saw part of a Digornos pizza box stuck to the bottom of the pizza. What is wrong with pizza in Arizona?! I've never been to big city where saying the word "Domino's" causes very moist orgasms.  Mellow Mushroom tries way too hard with the crust, they sprinkle this garlic dust all over it and it sucked. It tasted like you were trying to eat an old shiny piece of bread. The cheese was so thick and rubbery, you could probably use it to cover severe war wounds  This place blew big ones, it had cool decorations on the walls, but i can't  friggin eat decorations.
1	The Short Story:The management is unfriendly and unapologetic if their staff makes mistakes.Jenna, the lead bartender, trains the bartenders to intentionally pour the draft beer with extra head so as to give customers less beer (I've heard this is because of a bonus system the place uses for management).  Her personality is abrasive and in general she is not pleasant to be around.  If you see she is the bartender (she is a tall woman with shortish hair and tattoos), I would suggest getting a table instead of sitting at the bar.I used to be somewhat of a regular here, but the attitude of the staff (management and bartenders especially) is so rude and unwelcoming that I have no desire to ever go back again.  There are plenty of other businesses in the immediate area that will actually appreciate my (and your) business.If you want pizza on Mill Ave, you're better off hitting up La Bocca (across the street) or try Slices (on 6th street). You could also go around the corner to Oregano's on University Dr.
4	There are no words to describe how happy I am that there is a pizza place that has *dozens* of vegan offerings all over the menu, that are all more than good!!!I ordered a "build your own" salad to start with spinach, broccoli, tomatoes, and tofu with herb vinaigrette. The BBQ tofu was not well marinated but it still tasted BBQ-ish. We ordered the Mega veggie pizza, and asked for 100% daiya cheese on it, but it came out with only my half with Daiya because I said I was vegan. Disappointing for my boyfriend who now prefers Daiya over real cheese. Otherwise, the pizza was *fantastic*! The crust was nice and crispy all the way through, absolutely no sogginess. A generous amount of cheese too. I brought the manager over to thank him for having so many vegan options available! Sandwiches with tempeh, calzones with tofu and vegan cheese.... just so many wonderful things to choose from besides lame ass cheeseless pizza. I will definitely return. The beer list is INSANE!
5	Their pizza is probably not for everyone, it is definitely not your standard NY or Chicago style.  However their style of crush is probably my favorite and their ingredients are first rate.  Good beer selection as well.
3	Not super impressed with this place but its not awful either. The drinks were strong, mine maybe a little too strong, but in a college town I'm sure none of you will argue with that right?Our Stuffed Portabello appetizer just wasn't good. The ingredients didn't seem fresh and the flavor was bland. Not a fan. Our pizza on the other hand was very good and thats why we went there, for pizza. We ordered their vegetarian pizza. Now that I live super close to there and they deliver to the apartments I live in, I may every once in a great while order a pizza to be delivered. Would I ever go inside again? Only if someone else was dragging me there or a group of my friends were meeting there. I can see how this place would do well with its location and the students that swarm this area. For a late night drunkin bite to eat, I'd stop here for a slice.
2	We just had the pretzels and a brew.  However, we tried to sit outside on the patio and a chain smoker came out there.  They really should ban these people to an island in the South Pacific.  I didn't get the sense that the pizza was anything to write home about.  I would go again for pretzels and sit inside.
3	After reading some of the reviews, I was hesitant to try MM. However, tonight was my friends birthday so we all met here for dinner...The ambiance of the restaurant is very "chain like", not really what I was expecting(yes, I do know it's a chain).Our server, Ashley, was very nice, and attentive. She didn't let any of our drinks go with out refills, and she split our large table's check for us with out us even having to ask!The food was pretty good. We had the drunken fun guy(?) appetizer and the BBQ chicken pizza. Both were good, not amazing, but good. Everything tasted a little 'processed' or maybe just not very fresh. The crust was good and crisp, but had an almost microwaved texture to it, like it was old...I might give them another try, I just don't know if it's really the place for me...
4	Manager did provide me with a $25 credit to make up for the experience. The second time around, the service was much better. Food wasn't bad either.
3	My first Arizona restaurant :) my friend took me here on my first trip to Arizona. The place is really cute and I like the feel of the place. The service was also really good and our waitress was really nice and sociable. My friend who brought us here said she really liked this place so I was excited to try it. We got 2 pizzas, one with steak and mushrooms and one with eggs and prosciutto i believe? (I forget the exact names of them) I was really excited about the egg one but it didn't turn out as good as i thought it was going to be. It was kind of lacking in the flavor department. If there was more garlic or something it would probably be a bit better. The other pizza was alright but nothing anything too spectacular. I want to come back though one day and try out the other pizzas because I feel like I would probably find other pizzas on the menu that i would love.
3	The appetizers were okay. The drinks were okay. The pizza was okay. The service was okay. Everything was oooooookaaaaaaaaay. Man, I think this mushroom is starting to kick in...
3	I waited months before finally getting around to coming here, and it wasn't all I had hoped for. Went for my birthday, and got the garlic bread appetizer, wasn't very good and got crumbs all over the table. It had an odd burnt taste. Got the mushroom and steak calzone, which was huge and filling, but very greasy and took a long time to actually get to the table. They claimed it was the Hoagie that one of my friends had that took so long, but it shouldn't take so long to cook a sandwich. Either way, delicious, but nothing too special for the price. I won't likely return here, since some of my friends don't like this place.
4	I should preface this review, by saying I'm very biased, there are Mellow Mushrooms all over my home state of Georgia, and they were the setting for many great culinary, live music and standard debauchery experiences for me.  Fresh ingredients, good draft selection....I recommend the Kosmic Karma.  The shroom on Mill is way too nice and clean though.
3	This place is kind of an anomaly for me.  From the name it doesn't seem like it would be as nice inside as it is.  The decor is modern and cool and the service seems to be pretty good.  The wait staff there have been very helpful and nice.  I have been with my niece and nephew both times and they had a good time and like the food a lot.  I always get the house calzone.  It's pretty good the only complaint is they only give you a tiny bit of sauce so just ask for extra when you order.Try  - House calzone
2	We stopped here because we couldn't resist the name. Pizza was good. Crust seemed to be whole grain.I had the Pear martini, and was not impressed.Appetizer was the garlic cheese bread which was pretty good.Service was ok. plenty of parking this area of town helped, but not sure we will visit again if we get back to Phoenix.
3	I decided to try this place for lunch. I'm on Mill Ave often, and I've seen it since it was being built, so I thought I'de try it. The decor was interesting - kind of trendy. I ate at a high table in the bar area, and it was adult contemprary rock chic. The staff was pleasant and the service was reasonable.  I had the Mushroom Club and I enjoyed it. The addition of the mushroom flavor to the club sndwich was welcome. The amount of meat to bread was good, making a decent sandwich. Expect to pay $7-10 for lunch. Truthfully, three stars is on the low side, but I'm not sure I would rate it at four - more like a three and a half. I'd go again, but I'm not sure that I'll coming here for it specifcally. The biggest challenge is that it's a pretty good place surrounded by some really great places.   I would expect it to be a much better place late nights - it seems like that kind of place. I would actually like to see this place with some live music late nights.
5	Their pizzas are great! If you have foursquare on your phone you do get a free soft drink with a check-in!
4	Went for dinner early on a Friday night, about 6 PM. Was expecting a zoo because we were on Mill and were pleasantly surprised to be seated immediately, no wait, with a party of six. Server was young but experienced, had no trouble handling our group, and was helpful and accommodating the entire time. Kept drinks full (actually got ahead of us, she was so on top of things), and was kind enough to share that even on the smallest pizza, you can get half and half. Sold!We ordered cheesy bread as an appetizer. It's just okay. Not as garlicky as we were expecting and a little over-crisp and dry.I got the potato pizza on half and the Mega Veggie on the other half. Mega Veggie was good, but the potato pizza was outstanding.Husband's buffalo chicken ranch pizza was also pretty good. General four-star concensus around our table. Give it a try!
4	Let's talk about beer for a second.They have, and I'm serious, 48 beers on tap and an additional 55ish in bottles and cans. So even if you don't like the pizza (which is borderline impossible, shit's great) you can get hammered 105 different ways and forget you ate it.Now, I will say its a bit pricey on the food front. A large ranges anywhere from $16 to $26, but it is quite delicious so I put up with it. They also have hoagies and crazy salads. I recommend the BBQ or Buffalo Chicken pizza, by the way. I get the BBQ to the point that the bartenders (who are all lovely) make fun of me when I order otherwise. Or don't drink. What just because I'm usually drunk I gotta drink every time I'm in here?Alright fine I'll have a kiltlifter.Oh, and slices till 3am. Whaaaaa!?
5	I am surprised with the poor reviews. This place has a great vibe and is a fun place to hang out on Mill. It is more expensive than the average pizza joint, but the pizza is delicious and very filling. Was packed when I went on a Friday night.
4	This place is always very clean and has really good pizza. The crust is by far one of the best I've had. Great drink specials late at night and a huge selection of drafts and mixed drinks. They also have some good lunch specials for $5
1	I went and I was greatly disapointed. I had a simple 14" mushroom, onion and cheese pizza . It was barely 4 sliced mushrooms on the entire thing! The crust though different was not that great either. Beverages are all totally overpiced. I'm a fan of hard ciders especially Hornsby's cider. One bottle here is only .50 cheaper than a 6 pack. My simple pizza was just shy of $18!!  The host at the door just let me walk in and take a seat. she seated everyone else. I set for 7 minutes until my waiter came and then he got me a menu.   There's a survey you can take on your reciept that gives you $5 off your next visit. I wish I could just have my evening back and my money. I brought half the pizza home which was my plan to tkae it for lunch tomorrow. Nope I will wreck my 30 min lunch break with this crap!   I was hoping a homeless or street person would approach me and I could give it away, but none did.
5	While searching for something new and different during our stay in Chandler, we were walking around Mill Avenue. The better half suggested trying Mellow Mushroom - fantastic choice. It was pretty busy but we were able to grab a table on the patio to people watch while waiting for our Mighty Meaty pizza.It was amazing. I've always said that, when you have bacon on a pizza, crumbles just won't do. We had honest to goodness chucks o' bacon as well as sausage, pepperoni, ground beef and ham. I was in heaven and wished I had a bigger stomach.  The crust was interesting, too. I loved it.When we were stuffed, we decided to take a little dessert back to the hotel with us - honey cinnamon pretzels. They are probably much better if you eat them right out of the oven but even after a quick trip in the hotel micro, they weren't too bad!Since we aren't drinkers, I can't comment on the bar/drinks situation but the set up was quite impressive with a ton of taps.They'd be a cool addition to Tucson - maybe in Main Gate Square or close by. Great serviceGreat foodWe'll be back!
3	I was looking for a later Sunday night food spot. Everyone seemed closed, seriously EVERYONE..I dont get that in a college town. Luckily this place was open had cheap pizza by the slice.The pizza is your pretty typical/plain pizza by the slice. Nothing to talk about there really. This is a pretty big restaurant though. Lots of seating. The bar area had a TON of beer on tap or in bottles. So thats pretty cool... unfortunately I wasn't there to drink.
3	I have two reviews in one, but I will start with tonight's. All I have to say is, it seems, from other reviews, that this place needs a new delivery guy.I call to ask to get a pizza delivered - I chose mellow mushroom because they have vegan pizza (I am severely lactose intolerant) because last time I had their vegan pizza in-house, I liked it a LOT and had a craving. Due to some issues that don't need to be gotten into, I cannot go there myself and get it, so I asked for delivery. When I told the girl where I lived (on Guadalupe), she said she thought they stopped delivery at Baseline but would go ask. The girl (who was very nice) comes back on the phone and says the delivery guy is "in a bad mood tonight" and said no and when she explained that I am (apparently) only 2 miles out of their zone, he said "I don't answer to you." I asked to speak to the manager and she said "he was standing right there when I asked." REALLY? What the heck kind of place is this? What kind of boss stands around and lets employees talk to each other like that (from what I hear, the delivery jerk is related to the boss, so maybe that's it?)My second review, from 2 times of actually being at this restaurant, is the same. The food, except for the vegan pizza (which is SO GOOD, but kind of on the expensive side...) isn't very good. I ordered the cinnamon honey pretzels and they were so dry they weren't edible. The garlic/cheese bread is also incredibly dry. If they would have been willing to work with me on the delivery, I *might* have given them 3 stars, but for the bad attitude this place seems to constantly have, they only get 2. Which is really a bummer, because their vegan pizza is so good.EDIT!!: Alright, so a few hours after I wrote this review, the general manager, Jason, called me about my review to apologize and talk with me about what happened. He apologized multiple times for the awkward situation that went down, and while he was not present when it happened, he obviously took my review seriously. He then offered to deliver a free pizza to me himself, and that if I didn't want it this evening, he would bring it any other time. I took him up on his offer and he brought me a pizza. Being in a manager position myself, I understand sometimes what managers have to go through, and his choice to call me and try to make it right is commendable and I really appreciated it. Sometimes businesses or employees mess up, but what matters is what they do to FIX it. Jason went the extra mile. Thanks to this, I changed my review to 3 stars. Also, this vegan pizza is amazing as always.
1	Firstly I would like to say that I love the food here, each time I have visited the food has been delish. However the food cannot make up for the horrid service and horrible managing. We spent well over 2 hours waiting on one pizza and one salad. The manager was not where in sight and the server was either very new or just not well trained. I do not recommend this place based solely on service.
4	I really enjoy this place and I may have to visit again to give it another star. I have been here once for lunch and another time for happy hour. The prices during both of these times were very reasonable. What i was impressed with the most was the selection of beer that they have. Being here in AZ it was the first time I have seen any Rouge beer on tap. During happy hour all drinks were half off making a delicious brew of Rouge hazelnut brown an amazing $3.50. The appetizers aren't your normal fried bar food you would find most places either. Along with my friends we split the meatball appetizer, the stuffed portobello mushroom and the oven roasted wings (medium).The meatball appetizer came on a triangle plate with a generous helping of their red sauce in the middle. The three meatballs were cut in half and placed on skewers laying lightly in the marinara sauce. The meatball was juicy and the sauce complimented it nicely. This is a true definition of an appetizer because it was just enough to start off your meal but not enough to make you full. I would take great taste over a full stomach when it comes to an appetizer any day. The portobello mushroom also tasted great, stuffed with cheese and spinach with a drizzle of a balsamic vinaigrette on the top of it. Once again great taste but not so filling.The wings were excellent, with them being oven roasted the flavor of the juicy chicken and the sauce on the wings was amazing. The meat was falling off the bone. I have also had the pizza from here and I love the creative specialty pies that are available. The pizza we had was a "hot potato pie" which came with potatoes, bacon, onion and a drizzle of sour cream. There was no red sauce with this pizza. The flavor combo was interesting and good. I was looking forward to eating the crust the most, it was delicious. My recommendation is to try this place for happy hour and try a couple of appetizers off the menu with a tasty craft beer.Quick Note: I have always wanted to come in on a Wednesday for "WTF?? Wednesdays" where for $3 I believe you get a mystery beer in a brown paper bag haha.
4	I have never been disappointed with Mellow Mushroom! Phenomenal pizza, an outstanding draft beer list, yummy specialty cocktails, and always friendly service.The Thai Dye (chicken curry, pad thai-esque) pizza and the potato one (can't remember the name, like a creamy bacon potato soup in pizza form) are to die for. I know there's an ever-present crust debate in pizza restaurants, and I think Mellow's is perfection.I guess this place is a little pricey for college tastes (as in, not $2 a slice) but a friend and I each had root beers (on draft, it's amazing), shared a 10-in half-Hawaain-half-Thai, scarfed the warm brownie sundae supreme which TOTALLY lives up to its name, and had a $25 check. I think that's pretty reasonable for a consistently delicious experience!
4	I'm a little apprehensive about giving Mellow Mushroom 5 stars, since I did not actually spend much time in the restaurant. During Tempe Arts Fest they had a table set up selling off slices. My son and I both agreed it was the best pizza we'd ever had. The crust is magnificent. I can only describe it as having a genuine wheat taste to it, simular to a sun-dried tomato bagel. The sauce and cheeze were perfect. I loved the decor inside and all the artistic shirts that were for sale. The folks I spoke to were great and told us about the history of the company. I would love to come back for a full dinner experience. However, based on some reviews, it does indeed appear that there maybe a few employees they need to weed out first. Mello Mushroom are new here, so perhaps they just have to work out a few kinks. I would hate to see an establishment like this fail because of poor customer service. So far, I like what I see, but am withholding my 5 star review till later.
2	Wow. Two stars because the food is always delicious but what the hell has happened to the service?I wasn't even going to write this review because I asked for the manager (Aaron, great guy) and his empathy blew my mind. 1. My two male friends arrived at 7:30 on Thursday night and asked the host for a table for 4, she seated them outside on the patio and said "your server will be right with you."2. My bf and I arrive 5 minutes later and walk into the restaurant hoping the host would be there to take us to our friends. Truth be told, the only person in a mellow t-shirt that was visible was the bartender. Mildly disappointing but we spotted our friends on the patio and decided to seat ourselves.3. We get outside at 7:37 pm. We sit down, look at the menu and I ask if anyone has come by yet because I'm super thirsty. Turns out the answer is no but there are two different servers bringing the other tables food, drinks and service.4. Around 7:45 the server helping the adjacent table looks over at the four of us so we're hopeful that she's either going to come over and say "hey I'm your server" or "I'm sorry you've been sitting there for 15 minutes, let me see what happened with YOUR server" but no, nothing. I've had several jobs in the service industry, many of them while I was an overstrained bitch in college, but I never let a table sit with menus in front of them with no drinks for more than 10 minutes, even if the table wasn't mine. I must've been silly for wanting to make sure the place I worked made money from happy customers, not from customers  who's bill you almost had to comp because your incapable staff screwed up repeatedly, without remorse to add. (shout out to Aaron the manager again, you give me hope for the service industry, unlike the people you work with)5. At this point, I'm slightly irritated but willing to go find the hostess to see if we can get her to grab our server.6. It's now 7:52, I checked my phone while waiting for the blonde hostess to get back to her hostess stand. 7:54, she sees me and one other couple waiting and slowly (seriously, i've seen people on ketamine move faster) walks back to her stand and addresses the couple first (not a huge deal).7. 7:55: Blondie is back but has no idea what I'm talking about, "what table are you talking about? Who?" me-"my two male friends sitting outside that YOU seated twenty-five minutes ago and my boyfriend, dude in the hat facing the street." her-"can you like point it out to me, I'm not sure who you're talking about" mind you, the patio and my table are completely visible, due to the GIANT WINDOWS. I digress...8. I get her to follow me outside, where I point to our table and make sure she sees who I'm talking about. "oh, you got here 25 minutes ago? I'll send someone over"9. 8:02, a male server, who I haven't seen at all, comes out and says something along the lines of, "I'm sorry guys (please, I'm not a guy, learn some manners) you've been waiting here for too long, blah blah blah something about miscommunication, what can I get you to drink?" My friend is pissed because the last time we went to Mellow, they screwed up his order and our other friends order as well and he doesn't understand why we keep coming back. He orders water because he refuses to give them any sort of business. At this point, I get it. The server then asks if we're ready to order food, really? We've been sitting here for 30 minutes staring at the menu, yes, we're ready. 10. We order the Tye Dye pizza, sans tomato & cucumber with a half order of salt & butter pretzels (hoping those come before the meal as we're starving and thirsty). My friend orders a small Tye Dye, sans mozzarella with vegan cheese added. 11. Our drinks come out a few minutes after that, probably around 8:10 at this point. Our pizzas follow, about 15 minutes after that so, 8:25. 12. Since our friend is only drinking water, we feel bad and eat quickly. Did I mention the pretzels haven't come out yet?13. We've finished our pizza, the pretzels come out at 8:40, we get our servers attention and ask for a to-go box for the pretzels and pizza, and the check.14. At this point, since they screwed up pretty badly, I'm expecting that someone has the decency to knock off maybe my beer (our bill was 58 total, before I spoke to Aaron) but no, everything is on there, including the pretzels. The pretzels that came after we were done eating.15. I look at the check and ask to speak to manager immediately. About 5 minutes later, Aaron walks out, looking pretty upset and distressed (we've all been there).16. I preface everything with the fact that I've been coming to Mellow for a long time, my love for their pizza started in North Carolina a few years ago and I'm going to keep coming back. He's extremely sympathetic and thanks me for being patient. We get $10 knocked off our bill and two $5 coupons in hopes that we will return. I will, but probably only for take out. Damn.
1	I ate at the one in austin a million times and it was always great.  But this was my second time to this location and I'm not going back.  Burned pizza is not acceptable. Flat soda sucks. And server not checking to be sure everything is ok just makes me mad. So I had to post on yelp. Maybe they can fix this place should be great.
5	I wish we had a Mellow Mushroom in California and would seriously consider it- Spoke with the manager at this location and he said that California does not allow one of the ingredients they use in the dough.  THAT'S WHY California pizza sucks!  The dough!  I need to find out what this ingredient is, smuggle it into my state, and TAKE OVER the pizza industry here in California!!!  Great service!  great beers!  Great selection of pizza and other foods- Everything is perfect- When you see a Mellow Mushroom you have to go in.  And enjoy!!
4	I went here for the first time last night after finishing one of my last finals of grad school (woot!) with a big group of friends (20 ish people). We came for happy hour but missed it by like 5 minutes. We were all disappointed, but our waiter pulled some strings and gave us all happy hour pricing on one round of drinks, so that was respectable. They were accommodating for our large party, which was appreciated, but the drinks and the food was very slow to get to our table. I tried the white chocolate russian (good, but not great spin on the white russian) and the tequila sunrise (good, nice tequila to orange ratio). A friend and I split a caesar salad and a pizza with roma tomato, garlic, and pepperoni. The salad was pretty standard, nothing too special, but the pizza was really good. My main complaints with this restaurant include the high prices and the slow service BUT I would come back because the pizza was ridiculously good. PS Tuesdays are 1$ PBR pint days....awesome!
3	We Munched our faces off here at Mellow Mushroom.  This place has a lot to offer.  Delicious pizzas and good brew.  Four of us went and had a good time.  The service was slow but we had good conversation so we didn't mind it too much.  I dig the t shirts they have for sale and they do a good job to encompass the Mill Ave atmosphere really well.  Pick any pizza, any pizza, I dare you, and you will enjoy!
1	I have been to several Mellow Mushroom locations and recommended this place to my co-workers. It was by far the worse experience I have ever had. A group of eight people and very few other customers we received poor service. It took a while to receive our drinks and once we got our food after waiting for over an hour, several personal pizzas were delivered to our table UNCOOKED. They returned their pizzas and the second pizzas they brought back were not what they order. They still even charged those guest. Several guest had major stomach aches from the uncooked food. A big disappointment for Mellow Mushroom.
2	This place is hit or miss. First couple times I went here was pretty good. Had legendary service one night. I think the servers name was Ryan. The last time I went in is likely to be the last I go with my girlfriend as a date, which kinda sucks. She is vegan and it limits our restaurant options, but they were out of vegan cheese last time. We decided to grab something for me to go and get the heck out of there and grab something for her on the way home. It took an hour after deciding that to get my calzone. Now, I totally understand having to bake something but if it is going to take that long and you know it is now a take out order, you better say something. I would have been happier to just go somewhere else, but I feel like this was a major letdown.
2	Meh. Went here for lunch with my colleagues after our annual department planning meeting.  Our server was far from welcoming, my boss had a long hair floating at the top of her beverage and my salad was mediocre.  One of my colleagues asked if she could have the gluten free crust option for a lunch pizza and the server unapologetically told her that it's only for the larger pizzas.  Really?  You can't accommodate a different crust for a smaller size?  Kudos to them for having vegetarian ingredients like tempeh, but I think that there are much better dining establishments on Mill.
2	Been here twice - once for lunch, once for dinner. Mellow is a bad name considering the location is where the old Z- Gallery was on Mill - warehouse style, exposed brick and tall ceilings, very bright lighting and slick laminate flooring. Not a place to break out the incense. (Perhaps the original locale was or some of the other franchises are, but this is not)Lunch: small Greek style salad, toasted bread thing and soda - decent, good valueDinner: Portobello mushroom sandwich with red pepper, feta and sprouts - GROSS! It was so bad, I had maybe 2 bites before I threw in the towel - which is very rare for me I assure you, I am a notorious plate clearer, whether I am full or not. The mushroom was meely, gritty (not washed?) and very bitter and the toppings flavor didn't blend with the rest of the sandwich.I tried my husbands medium wings -  they were slimy and luke warm at best when they were delivered. My friends got the cheese pizza and they were unimpressed by it. Maybe we just were there on an off night, but after our last visit I won't make the mistake of going again.
3	The company was great,  service was very good, pizza was just so so.  Bacon Martini yuck.  Fat modules floating in a perfectly nice glass of Belvedere.  I drank it but even writing this now makes me queasy.  Sorry Mellow Mushroom I won't put you on my list of must returns.
5	Complete and utterly heaven! Going here on a really empty stomach is your best bet...because you will want to eat every single last crumb of your pizza dough. And well...because it's dough, it will fill you up fast. The touch of molasses they add is what really makes this the best bit of heaven. I don't know how else to describe it since I find myself having to wipe the drool off my chin each time I try to think of a way to say it here.My friends and I started out with their garlic and parmesan pretzels. They make these with the same dough they use to make the pizzas. Not too garlicky and just the right amount of parmesan. Mmmmmmm.I got the Philosopher's Pie which has mushrooms, sliced steak, kalamata olives, artichoke hearts, and a garlic/olive oil base (rather than red sauce). Sweet sassy molassy! I've always liked my pizza pretty plain (think Marghuerita) and have to have sauce on my pizza (since it's usually dry without it). But this, THIS, was perfect! I was afraid it would be overpowering with the garlic base, but nope. And it made for the best leftovers, heated up in the oven not the microwave, for 2 days after bringing it home.  Our servers were super friendly and fun as well. Thanks! It's probably better that I don't live closer to MM, because I'd be a rolling ball of dough if I did.
5	If I could figure out how to get my mouth to stop watering just thinking about this place...I'll start the review.  Hold please!Ok...I think I can do this.  OH. MY. GOSH!  I have been to Mellow Mushroom a few times and I can't tell you enough, how absolutely delicious this place is!  The first time I went, my friend and I shared a Greek Salad and a large Kosmic Karma pizza.  The Greek Salad is superb! (I, of course, removed the raw onions), but seriously, this thing was loaded with flavor! Lots of Feta cheese, kalamata olives, banana peppers and a very light but tasty dressing...WOW! Was perfect for a warm spring day in Arizona!  Now on to the pizza...Kosmic Karma! Karma is not a B...it is a party in your mouth.  A very simple pizza, red sauce, spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms, and the pies de resistance...the most beautiful swirl of pesto that encompasses all the flavors into one pie of perfection! Oh but wait! That's not the kicker...THE CRUST! You know it's a good crust when you hear it crunch when you bite and then all of a sudden it's just that perfect soft doughy-ness that you have always wanted? Yeah..that's it! Seriously! So that was just the one visit!My most recent vist was just a couple of weeks ago after a hellacious week of learning and thinking...we just needed some time to unwind and Mellow Mushroom was the perfect spot for myself and a couple of girlfriends to relax and enjoy some mindless chatter and good food!  Upon suggestion of one of the girls, we started off with the garlic pretzels, which to my surprise and complete satisfaction...are made of...THE CRUST! *insert teenage Bieber fan squeee here* Yes folks, you read correctly...THE CRUST that is perfection in my book! Garlicy and doughy and crusty crust with a side of very tasty marinara dipping sauce! For like $3.50 you get 3 full size soft pretzels.  Not bad at all.  Then came the pizza! I am a creature of habit and ordered the Kosmic Karma.  I believe that what comes around goes around and I wanted to see that pesto swirl go around my pizza pie one more time! I wasn't let down either! It was another one of those moments where you end up making those "happy food" noises while eating.  No shame! I noticed my two friends were doing the same! One ordered the Philosopher's pie (steak, portabello mushrooms, artichokes) and the other ordered the Caesar  (literally a Caesar salad on a garlic pesto based sauce).  We left with our leftovers and I can say I was just as giddy to have them the next day as I was when it was first brought to the table! (Just make sure you heat them up in the oven so they don't have that nasty microvwavNeedless to say, we were very happy! They really need to make one of these places on the West Side!  It's worth the drive though!
5	Good pizza! We've been here a few times, my kids and I. Friendly staff, good prices too. Signed up for their mailing list and got coupons in the mail for a huge discount off a pizza. Awesome!
3	Good food.  A little overpriced.  Service was ok a little obnoxious but better than unattentive.
5	One of my favorite pizza places whenever I go to Austin. Then I found out one was opened on Mill, I was in heaven! The BEST pizza I've had.
4	I was actually quite impressed by the pizza here. I believe what stands out is the freshly baked pizza dough- the right "crispyness" with a nice soft fluff in the crust. Once of the few pizza places I would consider returning to. The cheese and sauce is whatevers but the crust is what stands out here. A perfect and somewhat classy sit-down place to go after you're nine drinks in from mill ave.
2	I always hate when you go to a place that's been hyped up just to end up generally disappointed. The pizza wasn't bad---it just wasn't anything too special like I expected. They have a lot of options for toppings which is cool, as well as some interesting appetizers. I did like their crust, it was crispy on the outside but nice and fluffy on the inside. Really, it just reminded me of pizza I've had a million times though...better than your huge chains like Pizza Hut and Papa John's and probably on the same level as places like NYPD and Streets of New York. So, it wasn't bad. I will tell you that the pizza warms up horribly though in the microwave! A large (16 inch) pizza is about 25 friggin' bucks so I want to eat all of it, leftovers included, but the crust cooks too much and becomes hard while your toppings are still cold. So, you either enjoy the crust and not the rest of the slice OR enjoy the majority of the pizza and not the crust which you actually enjoyed. Service isn't that great, I feel like this is a trend on Mill. They do seem to have a lot of options as per beers and whatnot, I'd expect they'd be a cool place to go for happy hour. So, overall I won't be trying them again. If I wanna pay a lot of money for a pizza I'll go a block over to Oregano's where the pizza is cheaper, bigger, and more enjoyable in my opinion. I really was hoping for more from this place.
4	Good spot. I think downtown tempe lacks a great food selection. Mellow offers good but not great pizza. Their happy hour is pretty good and the beer selection is top notch. Great location helps too.
4	I have mixed feelings on this place. Things I like have matching downsides. Pro: The pizza is very good and they offer a lot of off-the-beaten-path pies so you can try something you've never had before. They certainly have their own style so don't expect a copy of NY or Chicago-style pizzas.Con: You better bring some loot; this is some pricey pizza.Pro: At happy hour, you have 1/2 off of (basically all) drinks with a very good draft selection.Con: Only appetizers are on special (and they aren't too good). Pizza is not on special. Beer off of happy hour is also pretty pricey.Pro: he service is friendly and quick (especially if you sit in the bar) and the place is clean, open, and bright.Con: Groups larger than 6 might have trouble getting a table.Nonetheless, I do end up here once in a while and I leave happy.EDIT: within a few hours of posting my review, the owner Jay B., sent me a message to address the "cons" on my review, justifying higher prices with the use of premium ingredients. It was a nice to see the personal interest he takes in his business, even though he called me "Mark."
1	Having come from the East where Mellow Mushroom started, I'm pretty well-acquainted with the food from this place. Interesting thing is that Mellow Mushroom's franchising availability used to be hush-hush, so there weren't so many of them and those wishing to start one apparently had to jump through hoops just to inquire about it. Semi-interesting stories aside, since they've blown-up and made it so far as Phoenix the quality of the business has gone down. Case-in-point: The Tempe location.This is the biggest Mellow Mushroom I've ever seen, and it's got a nice, inviting atmosphere. That is, until your waitress is at your table immediately upselling things before she even asks your drink order. My wife and I were so baffled what she said didn't even register until a few moments went by (something about having some very specific beers or something; not "Would you like a beer to start things off?" More like "Would you like to start of with A Kirin Ichiban which is renowned in Japan for its malted deliciousness or how about a *more garbled over-the-top mess*?") so we were just looking at her in awkward confusion. I get it's part of being a waitress and she's probably told to do it, but have some tact about it eh? Next bit of fun, the menu: Most of the Mellow offerings I'm used to, with a few Phoenix originals (one pie having chorizo, stuff like that), but wow: The prices are ridiculous. $10 for a *cheese* calzone? And it's not even organic or anything? $6 for a pint? ONE PINT? I haven't even hit 30 yet, and I feel like I'm talkin' about the good ol' days where a pint might cost $3 or maybe even $4, but nah; this pricing's just robbery.Anyway, I quit my mental griping about prices and ordered the pie. If you've never had Mellow before, the best way to describe it is "bread-like with a touch of molasses, with that freshly-baked taste." Toppings are good, but really the crust does it for me and today was no exception. Still, the constant and ridiculous upsells from our waitress coupled with her pretty much rushing us (continually looking at our table from afar, at one point dropping the check on the table with a very non-subtle and possibly ironic "Here's your check; no rush or anything!") because we weren't ordering a ton of crap (do they get commission or something?) and ignoring our simple requests (asked for napkins twice, got none- but hey, we did get an offer to get some sort of cake put in the oven now so it could be ready when we were done eating. I love upsells!) makes me definitely not want to come to this place again. Given the new and improved pricing of Mellow Mushroom, I probably won't be going to any one of these places again.What a ripoff.
4	I've finally gotten around to writing a review of this.  This is for the two times I've been to this particular restaurant, though I've been to other Mellows across the country.  To sum it up - the pizza is still just as good as it was at every other Mellow I've been to.  There's a great variety of specialty pizzas and really the dough is what you come here for.  The crust is fantastic - crunchy and dusted lightly with parm, but still soft and doughy on the inside.  This is really the huge selling point.  Price point is a little high but if you only go once every now and then you can stomach it.  Huge draft beer selection, ~$5-7/pint.  The reason why I'm not giving this place a full 5 buckos is that the service just really isn't great at all.  Last time I went on a Wednesday night in the middle of February and the service was god awful slow.  The next time I went it was a Monday night right before ASU was back in session.  Service was again curt and slow.  I guess I shouldn't be too surprised by this considering that it IS in a college town and likely a lot of the waiters are college students and either a) don't care, or b) are weeded because they have too many tables.  That having been said, I certainly don't come here for the ambience and service, and certainly would avoid the place all together on weekends.  Seeing as how it's on Mill Ave, your parking options are meters on the street or there is a close parking garage off Ash (Mellow does validate the ticket so it's free).
3	PIZZA PIZZA PIZZAI love their PIES! its a nice cross between a thin slice NY style and a Chicago slice. Pretty decent toppings too. Their Menu is pretty unique, besides the pizza though, I dont think there is much to eatApps are pretty boring, Thai Stye wings are the rare exception.Their toasted Subs are just ok, and thier deserts are pretty "Cookie Cutter"Service is hit or miss, it seems like one course or aspect of my meal always goes wrong. if its not the app, its the dessert, if its not the wait on a pizza, its the wait on a drink. I think the pizza makes up for the service issues.MIghty Meaaty is the way to go, or try the Egg and Panchetta.Clean the bathrooms, I know its college town but vomit or pee smell is still pretty nasty.
1	Great at first, then the bartender ignored me and my friends for a good 20-30 minutes, We had to flag someone down for napkins and plates and it took a few tries for a water, you shouldn't have to ask someone other then the bartender for something when you are sitting at the bar. I opened a tab for myself and the bartender put every ones drinks on my tab and ignored the problem and made us wait another 15 for them just to ask us who had what. At one point four employees were behind the bar and we had to wait that long (I checked the time). And to make matters worse my friend got a parking ticket because they took so long. No sorry from any of them and not even a drip of regret from the manager. He pretty much told us to chill out after this whole 45 min waiting game when all we were trying to do was pay our bills and leave.
5	Absolutely the best pizza that I have had! I have heard a few folks say that it is pricey, really? Well let's see it has REAL mozzarella cheese and the best crust around - the only pizza that I like to eat backwards! I was greeted with a smile from the hostess and set at a clean table, offered a drink right away. Yes, the pizza takes a bit longer than 5 minutes, but it is so worth the wait.(with that being said, it still was not longer than 20 minutes - during lunch rush) There is one more thing that I noticed about this dining establishment  ---- the ice tea! It is a dead giveaway to me when a restaurant is below the standards of what I like and that is the ice tea - I know snobby right, but still there is nothing like eating great food only to be ruined by the bitter taste of day old tea - but not here! The tea was fresh and tasty just like everything else on the menu. When my friends and I were eating we had not only the server check on us but the manager Ryan would come by to see if we needed anything!!!** I was so impressed by Mellow Mushroom that I bought a couple of the Shirts. I highly recommended that you go see for yourself, you will not be disappointed! **
3	I really wanted to like Mellow Mushroom.  The food was okay.  Nothing special. The servers were mostly new and need more training.  I lost count of how many instances where the server forgot our order or brought incomplete orders.  The bartender was very nice   I may consider going to the bar.  I will not likely go back to the restaurant.
4	Who knew such a cool place existed on Mill? I went here for a Sunday lunch with a friend after hearing decent reviews from another firend who had gone here for happy hour and apps. Their menu and review boosted of the best pizza in Arizona so I was intrigued. We ordered a half buffalo chicken half BBQ chicken medium pizza for the two of us and it was fantastic.Huge pieces, so a medium was more than enough. The crust was like nothing I've had before as it was made of like a wheat dough, drizzled with a garlic sauce perhaps. The chicken was done well on both halves and neither were swimming in the sauce. I'm not a carmelized onion fan but they were on the BBQ chicken side and I actually enjoyed them. Not slimy or overwhleming, but pretty complimentary of the sauce. The atmosphere was pretty cool too. I didn't understand the idea behind the mushroom thing and was a bit turned off because I'm grossed out by fungi, but they pulled it off in a cool, funky, non-fungi type of way. The waitress was super sweet too and let us know all about their awesome pizzas. I would totally go back here.
4	The fact that you guys survived the wrath of some of these reviewers means you have the absolute patience of Job.  Just, whatever you do, don't sit next to anyone or ask them if they have any allergies because, wow, how rude... sitting next to someone as though you're an actual human.  You're not!  You're servers, silly!In all seriousness, Mellow Mushroom has improved since I last came.  It's not my favorite place in the world, but I really do enjoy popping in for some pizza when I'm in the area.
1	I must have gone to a different restaurant than the one these people are reviewing.  We went to Mellow in Tempe today and it was awful!  I had a simple pepperoni pizza with tomatoes - the lunch pizza.  There were 4 small slices of pizza and exactly 4 pieces of tomato - one on each slice.  How they got the cheese to be stringy when the pizza was so cold is beyond me.  I have had HOT pizza DELIVERED from Papa John's that was better than this.  My husband and I looked at each other and simultaneously said "Frozen Totino's is better and warmer than this!"He had the BLT hoagie.  It was just OK.  The meat was ice cold and the toasted bread was hard.  WAY too much lettuce.Our waitress was nice and attentive enough, but she never asked us if we wanted dessert, just brought the bill.Sorry, Mellow, no second chance for you.  Can't afford another cold pizza.  We'll stick with a hot, delivered one!
4	Very good pizza located in the heart of downtown Temp by ASU.  Always had delicious pizza and great service.  There selection of unique pizzas is what makes this place different.  Only issue is that the price is a little bit higher than your average pizza place.  Aside from the price this place is tasty & recommended.
1	I got a groupon for Mellow Mushroom wanting to try it out after hearing good reviews of the pizza. When we got there we were seated quickly and got asked by two different people if we wanted drinks. After getting our drinks, we ordered our food and  that's where the good feelings quickly changed.While the pizza itself was good, the service was by far the worst I have ever experienced. Our waitress didn't return for over 45 minutes between when she placed our order and brought the check. Not once did she check on us to make sure everything was good or to see if we needed anything. I had to ask one of the busboys for a refill on my drink because the waitress never bothered to come by (or to the other two tables by us).I had high hopes for my big out, but after this experience I won't be back. Perhaps just takeout if I'm in the mood for the pizza.
4	Had a great ceasar pizza here. Never thought a ceesar salad on a pizza would taste so good.
3	Well, I just got an interesting communique from the owner of this place. It seems he agrees with me that the calzones at his place are rather pricey in comparison to back east. He basically was very heartfelt and admits while a lot of the upselling has to do with bottom-line (given that they have 100+ beers and have to sell, sell, sell), but that the upselling should not be offensive to the customer, even granting me an apology for the mishaps.I'm gonna give 'em another chance here in the near future, and will update accordingly. For now, though, I'm surprised and impressed that the owner of a Phoenix-area chain restaurant would deign to respond to a single customer; therefore, I currently feel that my (and perhaps YOUR?) business is important to him,  maybe more than the bottom line. Mellow Mushroom has been my favorite "chain" pizza place since my childhood; let's hope my next visit can recapture the glory!
4	Made a quick stop into this place before the ASU game with my date who was dressed like a hooker and flirting with any live male body in site. We later parted ways at the game during the fourth quarter. I have been to Mellow in the midwest before and I'm a huge fan of the pretzels here. They were still pretty good in this west coast location, but the extra purchase of the beer cheese for dipping was clearly the key. Beer was a bit pricey for a college town, but they do have a huge number of draft choices. Go for the pretzels and cheese, excellent drinking food.
4	As promised, here's my "make-up visit" update.Things improved dramatically since the last time I went. Firstly, our server wasn't an upsell machine. In fact, she was very polite and concerned about our order (Mine was particularly attentive with replacing and putting on the side of some ingredients, and she and the staff double-checked with me before and afterward to make sure everything was hunky-dory). The food was great, as always; had my first MM calzone, and I actually liked it better than the delicious pizza they have. No mention of this in my first reviews, as I don't recall going to the bathroom, but their bathroom is great! Ha, maybe TMI for a food review; however, really impressed with the privacy of the stalls.Back to more relevant things, I was confused (though I suppose not off-put) about the happy hour rules (we went after 10, which is advertised as HH); apparently it isn't half-price appetizers on some nights and instead is a slice of pepperoni or something for $3? Not sure I call that a deal, but I guess beers being half-off makes up for it.I was kind of disappointed they didn't have Fall Woodchuck as I went during their fall-themed beers time, but I guess it's kinda a pussy beer anyway (I'll qualify myself by saying I'm more of a straight liquor guy, but Woodchuck is my guilty pleasure). The waitress had a nifty hand-written updated list she kept with her, and while I'm not a beer man I can appreciate the effort in something like that.Anyway, like I said, they seem to have really improved here and I definitely recommend them; for the food if not the service. BON APPETIT!
4	Had dinner here after Oktoberfest shenanigans and this place really hit the spot. The service was good and the pizza was fantastic. I love the potato one (don't remember the name) and the crust on the simple pepperoni was stellar. The thai pizza was good, but had a tad too much of the sweet sauce. It's the only one that wasn't wiped clean, which usually happens with that one. I can't wait for some more of that potato pie... plus they've got the Four Peaks Pumpkin Stout on draft. Holla!
3	After all the hype I had heard about this place I was really expecting something special. What I got instead was above average but failing to live up to the hype.Tried both the house special (pretty much a supreme pizza) and the philosophers pie. The special was good and the ingredients fresh. The crust was awesome on both. It was the philosophers that was the let down. It just didn't seem to work and the feta was just too strong.The service however was great and they have a solid draft beer list as well. I will probably come back but this isn't a must stop for me.
4	Pleasantly surprised. Good service.
3	Yukon gold is amazing, it is like a baked potato, just on a pizza!  I hate that they got rid of their Wyders Pear Cider, it complemented almost all the pies i tried... Guess i will have to settle for beer next time
4	Loved dining on the patio.. Good beer selection!
4	Mellow Mushroom has a perfectly casual, college-centered atmosphere. It's on Mill Avenue so it can get very busy with intoxicated college students. It's not a place for those who prefer quiet "fine" dining, that's for sure, but it's open late and is perfect for a midnight pizza binge (my specialty!).But as for the food, it's pretty damn good. I especially enjoyed their Maui Wowie pizza- it certainly did the job in "wowing" me and my boyfriend! I'm usually not a Hawaii-style pizza fan but this pizza was superb. The Philosopher's Pie is also a safe choice, but is not nearly as good. Their appetizers didn't impress me as much; it was pretty standard food for a pizza place.Despite their mostly standard, typical taste as far as food as concerned, this is definitely the restaurant to come to for a friendly, laid-back experience that'll satisfy any pizza craving. The menu has plenty of gems; just ask a few of the regulars. The staff is cool, the place is cool, and the pizza is piping hot. Mmm.Seriously. Just take a bite of the Maui Wowie and you'll become as obsessed as I am.
3	I sent this review through the Mellow Mushroom website as well, and to my amazement, the next morning I had an email from the owner and a voicemail from the general manager. Both expressed their deepest apologies for what happened to my parents at the Tempe location. The owner, Jay, even asked for my parents address so that he might send a formal apology and refund them their bill. I spoke with Drew, the general manager on the phone and he assured me that he had begun retraining that very same day with regards to cross-contamination and food allergies.It's people like this that restore my faith in the food industry. Thank you so much for your efforts to remedy this situation and prevent future problems. I look forward to one day trying out your restaurant again.
3	When you go to the Mellow Mushroom on Mill be aware of two things:  1 - the day of the week and 2 - that you're near the college.  That being said, unless you are a college student or enjoy people watching, avoid this location on Friday and Saturday nights.  My husband and I were entertained by the drunken antics of a nearby table of college kids but we just laughed it off.However, being shorted our change by the waitress (no worries I deducted it from her tip) and being forced to wait for plates, a side of ranch dressing, and our bill while she chatted with her friends, is not something we can laugh off. The pizza was very good.  I'm not used to a whole wheat crust and it was a nice change from the usual.  I thought the sauce was yummy and they didn't skimp on the cheese.    Our experience won't turn us away from all Mellow Mushroom locations, just Mill Ave on Friday and Saturday nights.  (Unless we decide to relive our college years and go binge drinking at The Library - LOL!)
5	Mellow Mushroom keeps the consumption of pizza interesting in a casual, laid-back atmosphere.  Pizza joints are a dime a dozen in the United States, and I experience a serious amount of pizza consumption fatigue as mushroom pizza has become a food group in my family.  Enter Mellow Mushroom, stage left.  We've been enjoying Mellow Mushroom since our days in Georgia and were delighted to find a location opening up in the trendy Mill district of Tempe.  (Well, trendy for Tempe.)  I usually find a few pizzas that I'm interested in trying when reviewing the menu.  Having good bear helps as well.
5	The bad thing about this place is that it certainly doesn't fit in with my new plant based eating plan. I did have a Greek salad though. LOL However, I think the Muffaletta Bread App and pizza ( that has a crust, by the way, more like a baked pretzel than a pizza) kind of killed it. I did have small servings though. :0)----- I had a great meal with great company and great service! ( thanks Kevin and cute guy with the pony tail) We did a 50 /50 pizza split with a potato mixed pizza and a Greek style. Sorry I forget the names. The pizza was very different and very delish! The subs look fantastic here too. The restaurant is very cool and hip. Lots of room to chat and relax. We went early at 3pm on a Saturday so no crowds at all. Enjoy it!
4	Ordinarily I try to avoid restaurants that make me think of hippies, but I really loved this hip, personal gourmet pizza place!Visiting from out of town, I found Mellow Mushroom an excellent Friday night dinner spot. Although the atmosphere was lively and there were lots of people there, my group of four was seated immediately upon entering. Our server was very personable and ready to answer all of our questions. We started with a spinach/artichoke dip appetizer (very good) and then had a large pepperoni. The pizza was awesome, I could've eaten the entire thing plus 1/2 of another and made myself sick, and this would've been worth it, but I had the rest of the group to consider.There's a nice ambience in Mellow Mushroom. There are TVs, but they don't dominate the space. This is my optimal TV condition for casual dining. Furthermore, during my visit, the place had seemed to attract various groups of Arizona's most attractive hipster women, which is a condition that needs its own box on Yelp akin to price and parking.
4	The pizza was awesome!!!   The first time we went at lunch time which the service was great.  At night everyone is too busy running around.  I would suggest going mid day to get the best service and the best pizza.   I don't like how the bar is step up or the lay out of the whole place but its not my business so I'll just shovel their great pizza into my face.
1	The people are nice, the pizza is only OK from the previous visits, but the place is just too loud.  The host tried to seat myself and my family members and I could not hear what the heck he was saying and he was within 3 feet.  We just left.
5	FRIENDLY SERVICE, DELICIOUS FOOD, FUN ATMOSPHERE!!  I have gone here on several occasions of varying times. it has a fun vibe.  I'm WELL past college age and I still enjoy it.  My fiance and I were first helped by a waiter named Dante, He is very Hippie looking, yet his friendly attentive attitude set us at ease as we had no clue what to choose from the extensive menu.The server, Dante took our preferences into account and then made suggestions.  We were quite pleased.  We continue to request him as out waiter anytime we go there and as a result we have never been stuck in a food  rut as happens with OTHER eateries.  Once after requesting his seating area, the hostess proclaimed that he gets more requests than anyone.  It just goes to show that GREAT,FRIENDLY SERVICE and GREAT  FOOD MAKE FOR A FINE EXPERIENCE!
3	The food is great, no complaints there. But I went to the bar here late night and the bartenders have their heads up their asses. It took around 20 minutes to get my first drink, so I  only ordered one drink for obvious reasons. It took another fifteen to get the check. We practically had to beg to pay for our drinks. Ridiculous.
2	We went in for the Sunday brunch and ended up ordering off the regular menu because it did not have a lot to choose from. The kids menu looked good but my daughter ate most of our pizza. The tea was watered down and the lemonade was way to sour to drink. It was okay but nothing special.
4	I come here for the beer.  They have a great selection of beers on tap.  I am partial towards porters and stouts and what they carry satisfies my thirst.  I have only had pizza by the slice and the spinach artichoke dip on my visits, both were good but nothing special.  4 stars for the variety of beer and friendly service.
4	Fun with pizza!!! Mellow Mushroom opened my eyes to the delicious possibilities of different pizza toppings :) This place is pricey but fun to try on special occasions!
4	I've wanted to try a Mellow Mushroom for a while now... I've heard lots of good things. The pizza was absolutely delicious. The crust was definitely the best part... I wish you could just order that. The only negative here were the terrible wings: they weren't served hot, they were small and lacked flavor. Should have skipped those. I had the grapefruit basil martini which was awesome. I think they may have used fresh squeezed grapefruit juice. Overall I think it was a tad bit expensive for a pizza joint but I'm glad I checked it out. Too bad there isn't one in Tucson!
4	Great beer, great pizza, and great atmosphere at  the Tempe/ASU location.  One of the first pizza places we found when searching for gluten-free pizza.Try any of the pizzas, the meatballs or salads and you won't be disappointed...check out the bar and be sure to inquire about the rotating taps to see what's on the menu.Located on Mill Ave, on the edge of the ASU campus, this place can become quite crowded at peak times and during events held in downtown Tempe.  Indoor and patio seating is available.Recommended
5	This place deserves an applaud for their awesome gluten free pizza! It's already hard to find places that offer gluten free pizzas but when you find a place that offers it and has a super tasty crust then you've hit the jackpot! It has a fun "pizza joint" type atmosphere and is in a great location with friendly customer service.
5	I LOVE Mellow Mushroom!  Yes it is a chain, but come on give it a chance.  I promise it's worth it!  The pies are both creative and delicious.  It is California Style with a cheesy chewy crust.  I love the Caesar salad pizza, the Yukon gold potato, and the Maui wowie.  I also love their pretzels made with the chewy yummy dough I mentioned earlier.  Then there is the beer selection.  They have a huge variety of local beers.  My recommendation is the Popago orange blossom.  It is both creamy and orangey goodness.  This place is a must stop on Mill!
4	Pizza there is great, across the board. Even their gluten free option.I've heard people complain about the price. If you compare it to chains, yes. But it's worth it. Fresh, natural/organic ingredients.Every time I've gone the service has been great. Love the selection of appetizers. The easy, and really good, choices for those are the pretzels made from the same stuff as their crust, and the mozzarella meatballs.
4	Great place to take out of towners to for a good pizza.  You really can't go wrong with any pizzas on the menu.  If you are a craft beer fan you will love their happy hour (half off drinks).  Best place on mill if you are looking to drink good beer and just hang out with a small group of friends.  Patio is perfect for watching all the drunk frat boy monkeys and their skeezy girls act like idiots.
2	My husband and I were craving some good pizza so we stopped by. I wish we had gone elsewhere. The service was okay, the pizza was terrible. Our waiter was fairly attentive, all of the staff was walking around with a purpose. The exterior was funny though there was an intense odor of some sort of sewer problem just right outside the door. Inside the restaurant was typical skater boy/psychedelic decor. Meh. Seen it. Onto the pizza. When it came out we were excited and starving; ready to dig in. The first bite was horrible. The crust was too thin, and there was more cheese on that pizza than any other pizza I've ever eaten. The toppings of the pizza were saturated in grease, I couldn't dab off enough. As we kept eating it got no better. I ate one slice. We had a large pizza. My husband ate one slice. When the waiter asked if we wanted to take it home we both said no way. Now the pizza was bad, but the price was worse. We spent $25 on two drinks, and a pizza of horrible quality. We will not be coming back.
4	The pizza here is really good, but like so many other places in Tempe, the service is fair at best.  I don't think the staff likes hearing "I have a groupon" from their customers, either.  Luckily they have a pickup counter if you just want a good pizza without being ignored by the not very busy looking bartenders.3 stars seems too low because of the quality pizza, clean bar, and cold beers on tap.  4 seems too high because of the unattentive service and prices.  Settling on 4 stars because they frequently have groupons.
2	I don't know what is going on at this restaurant but it's not good. We bought a groupon because we've eaten at the location in Denver and loved it and know its a bit on the pricey side. The second we walked in by the hostess stand, it smelled terrible, almost a sewage issue smell, and no it did not smell bad outside. We sat on the patio but then the people next to us started smoking so we moved inside. Sewage smell would waft around every once in a while. We started off with the spinach salad which was pretty good. We opted for Half house special and half funky Q BBQ on our pizza. Both sounded awesome so we were excited to get it. Meh, definitely not great. One of my pet peeves is when pizza dough can't handle the toppings, the second you pick it up, all of the toppings slid off. I had to eat it with a fork and knife. It was super greasy and just Meh all around. The service was fine, everyone seemed pretty indifferent and bored being there. The general environment just felt like a dirty college restaurant, which I guess makes sense since it's on Mill. I was just hoping since it's a chain, that it would still be decently maintained. When we left we saw our waiter hanging out in the t-shirt shop area of the restaurant on his cell phone and unprofessional things being said between waiters while we were eating. It was just an overall strange experience. Definitely won't go here ever again and don't recommend it.
2	I am so glad I had a Groupon because this place is over priced and just ok.  The crust is ok, not that great and the sauce is terrible.  We will NOT be back.  All hype and about the atmosphere, not the food.
3	After hearing my friends rave about this place, I finally decided to find out what all the fuss was about.  I don't frequent Tempe much these days, so I wasn't exactly sure where this was located; turns out it's in the old Z Gallery building.  A lot has changed in Tempe since I last worked there, including the parking situation, which was never great to begin with, and now it's even worse.  If you hit it on a Sunday, you can avoid paying the meter. Some things are still the same.  Some sketchy looking dude was hanging outside the building asking customers for food or money as they left, and we were followed back out to my car by a not so subtle homeless/crackhead/crazy person, who I was fully prepared to mace.   The place was relatively empty, but considering how large it is inside, I'm willing to bet that during ASU's semesters that place is hopping.Our server wasn't overly enthusiastic, but overall she did a decent job.  She did seem annoyed with me while I was attempting to get my niece to order what we had agreed on.  That kid has zero understanding of money/budgeting, and I've really been trying to teach her, so I could've done without that look of judgment from the server.  My niece got a medium pizza with red sauce and a pesto swirl, artichoke hearts and salami.  I got a gluten free Gourmet White.  When they came out, I was impressed by the size of the medium pizza.  I would probably call that a large.  Gluten free only comes in one size.  Although it could've used more garlic, my pizza was good.  It's probably the best gluten free crust I've had thus far.  My niece's pizza looked and smelled amazing.  I tasted the pesto, and it rocked.  I was a little surprised by the prices, especially since my consistently broke friends frequent this place so much.  They won't pay more than $35 for a hotel room in Vegas, but will pay $25 for a pizza?  Yeah, I'll probably never get that, but I digress.
5	I originally tried this place with the groupon and didn't really know what to expect. After trying the pizza I wish I would've tried it sooner! It was delicious and I totally wish I could eat here every week. The ingredients were fresh and the crust was delicious as well. The prices are a little higher, but it's understandable as to why they are up there. The service was also super friendly and the atmosphere was a nice place to hang out with friends and family.
2	Pros: No problem finding a place to sit at the bar.  Good temperature.  Well lit.  Nice family patriarch said thanks and slapped me on the shoulder when I held the door for them to leave, so nice clientele. Cons: Had the 'Mellowterranian' Pizza.  Took 20-25 minutes to make, in a nearly empty restaurant.  Was bread, a bunch of cheese, and a very small amount of chicken, olives and red pepper- Get a gyro twice as tasty, twice as healthy and half the price down the street instead.  Not worth the $13.  Bartender was weird- I think he thought I was homeless, or something.I won't say I won't be back.. A stripper with a Ph.D. could beg to go on a date there and I would probably give it a second chance.  I'd make her pay, though.
2	I live exactly in the middle of this location and the location at Desert Ridge on Tatum, and we decided to check this one out hoping it would not be as busy and more quiet since it was a week day night.  It sure was not busy at all, maybe 5-6 tables seated in the restaurant when we walked in.  Yet my family of 3, including a toddler, was sat in the bar in a booth that was currently being used as an arm rest for a homeless man (let's just leave it as .... he smelled....) I would have chosen a million other tables for us, but the hostess chose that one. Okay, let's roll with it.  Our waitress quickly greeted us and took our drink order and gave us a minute to decide on food.  By the time she came back with beverages, we put in our order for 2 pizzas.  Those 2 pizzas took almost 45 min to cook.  I get it, they are fresh made to order, but I have never had to wait that long for pizza!  And not once while we sat there trying not to stare at the obnoxious bartender or cringe at the smell wafting from our homeless over-looker did our waitress stop by to see if we needed refills or give us the ol' -your food will be right out- line.  When the pizzas did finally come out, they were piping hot.  I was glad to see that was the only thing this location had in common with the others-- the food is still pretty darn tasty (and worth the usual 20min wait- not 45 min).  We will not return to this location, but will continue frequenting the other locations.  Poor poor poor service....P.S. Don't order a mixed drink.  My $10 Mojito must of contained the finest mint and simple syrup in the world because that's all the really was.
3	I like Mellow Mushroom for their munchies-I love their pretzels with beer cheese.  I've had their pizza and it wasn't my favorite.  Service is touch and go-sometimes we get very attentive waitstaff and other times we've had our order messed up (items left out/order not as described on menu).  I ordered the salad once (menu stated romaine lettuce) but it was definitely more iceberg than anything else.  I wish their menu was more expansive and that they had desserts but they're a good place to go for a quick bite.
2	So I am writing this review royally pissed off.  We (me and a ton of my co-workers) tend to go to Mellow Mushroom due to the proximty of where we work.  They are frequently featured on Groupon for $10 buys a $20 coupon.  We only get a short break for lunch so normally will do the to go option and have used the groupon and had the remainder put on a gift card to use later on in the week.  I just had this option refused for the first time by the 'general manager' and left the restaurant without my lunch.  Now I've got to cancel this groupon as I'm never going to spend $20 in food at one time on myself and won't be going to mellow mushroom again-horrible customer service.
2	The MM is a total Meh bar/restaurant. They have your typical 'okay' pizza, an average beer menu but nothing great. This just happens to be one of those places you go because a buddy is there with a group of friends and you get that text to head over, and you're all 'sure whateve'. Nothing fancy, nothing to die for, but you'll inevitably end up here. You probably wont go back though.
5	Outstanding pizza, fantastic beer selection, and a great casual vibe.  Will definitely be back for another visit.
4	Came here last week for my classmate's birthday party.  We had a pretty large group, but they managed to get all of our food out in a reasonable time and even those he arrived later.  I ordered the mega veggie pizza.  I was really surprised at how good the pizza was!  A little pricey for their pizza sizes, so it was great that we could seamlessly use our Groupon deals!  Everyone enjoyed their food.  I would definitely eat here again.  Parking is horrible in this area, so it's great that they validate parking.
5	Vegan pizza is good, but Pizza Heaven is better
4	Decent craft beer menu, love the mystery beer!  Really good lunch special.  +Gluten-free options.  Decent servers who appear pretty mellow just like the name implies.  Fun senses of humor abound (if you like dry humor).  The menu isn't spectacular so I burn out on this place quickly, although I do enjoy it each time I go.
2	Gluten-free crust was underdone and not very tasty. :(
5	Mellow Mushroom was my absolute favorite place to get pizza in the Phoenix area. The pizza is always great (something about the crust is just awesome) and the happy hour prices and choices were great too. We've never had a bad server. I've been there with just me and a friend up to 15 people and MM never disappoints.
4	I've heard great things and been wanting to try this place for a while. They had awesome pizza combinations, so I wanted to try something out of the ordinary - the Magical Mystery Tour, with mushrooms, feta, pesto, spinach and jalapenos and added sausage. It was good, but I wasn't blown away like I wanted to be (but I am looking forward to my leftovers)! The doughy crust has a swipe of garlic and a little extra cheese, but I think I prefer something thinner and a little burnt from a wood fire oven. I sampled my boyfriend's gluten-free crust and it was good for what it was, but he was missing out at least a little! I was impressed by the big draft beer list including rotating seasonal taps. I would go back again for beer and maybe to try some apps.
1	I don't know how much worse this place can be. I tried the Happy Valley location with an awful experience a year ago and decided to give Mellow Mushroom another chance when they had a Groupon. Bad idea.The first incident of this meal was getting a dirty water glass. This wasn't just 'dirty,' it was caked with food on the bottom. I didn't notice for a second.. there was FOOD FLOATING IN MY WATER.. and when I took a closer look, the bottom of the glass had dough or some sort of sauce sitting there looking back at me. Our server didn't seem surprised and didn't apologize. I guess this happens all the time? I asked for my water in a to-go cup. We waited over 30min on a Wednesday evening to get our small pizza and sandwich -- with less than half the restaurant full. Our waiter was nowhere to be found for water refills. I ordered a small mega-veggie pizza and my boyfriend ordered their steak and cheese hoagie. This was probably the WORST veggie pizza I've ever had. There's something off about the dough and it's greasy as hell. I had more cheese on my pizza than veggies (and the taste of the veggies was weird -- like one of the vegetable toppings was starting to go bad). And tofu on this pizza? It's overkill and it's not doing anyone any favors and I'm sure it's GMO soy. His hoagie was okay, summing up his sandwich as "giving me more than I need doesn't make it better." This sandwich was overflowing with meat. I ate less than one slice and decided to box up the rest. As we were walking out, I dumped my leftovers. I've never EVER thrown away almost a whole pizza. Seriously -- how can you get it so wrong?Bad food. Dirty glasses. Apathetic service. The only redeeming quality? Their beer draft selection.
1	Oh my goodness, I will never return here! I am really surprised at how many awesome reviews this place has. First off, the place is on Mill Ave, pretty nice location. The inside was pretty clean but we were unable to sit in the dining room because it was closed? So we had to sit at the bar.We ordered the cheesy bread and a small cheese pizza. I was extremely excited for this because I love cheesy bread...and it looked so good when it arrived at our table...but ugh it was so average and unappetizing. The pizza arrived fairly quickly but that didn't benefit me at all because it was not good at all. The cheese was so thick that it could choke a horse. But anyways, I give this place 1 star because we had a nice server and they had good lemonade.
1	Good pizza,horrible service.We went Friday night.Pizza took 45 minutes,excuse was it was too doughy,so after waiting 20 minutes was told 10 more minutes then said pizza got burnt so another 15 minutes finally got it right.Was comped free pizza and 15 coup bucks.dont know If we will be back.used a groupon so just out 10 bucks.
3	Went there for happy hour.  During happy hour the prices are 1/2 off on appetizers and beers.  Great selection of beer.  We got the mixed green salad, and it was OK for the price, but not terribly good.  We also got the portobella mushroom which was also OK, but not fantastic and would have been incredibly expensive outside of happy hour.  Finally, we got a veggie pizza which was also just OK.All in all, 3 stars or "A-OK".  I would have probably been disappointed if I had gone during non-happy hour, though.
5	I dont see how this place ever got a bad review. Pizza was great a little pricey but great.  We did a half and half pizza , veggie and the other half was the meat piiza. Great crust sauce , the ingredients seemed very fresh.  Beer was great of course.We also had apps, had the pretzels with beer cheese and the humus. Both very good. Great place.
1	I wasn't impressed at all. For the food, I had a calzone for $14 bucks and far from how a real calzone should taste. They gave me 2 ounces of pizza sauce for this huge calzone. Atmosphere is good,tvs are decent. But,that's where the line in the sand is drawn. Place is always empty. It's like huge inside,like a Walmart, first tell tale sign. Usually the whole in the wall pizza joints are best. So your paying there rent,not getting excellent food.
4	Went to the Mellow Mushroom yesterday before the ASU game. I've been here a number of times, but decided that I needed to write a review after seeing they were only coming up as having 3 stars on Yelp. I have always had a positive experience when I've eaten here. They have a great beer selection and their 'House Special' pizza has to been one of my favorite pizza's I have ever had. If you have a craving for a delicious pizza and good micro-brews, I highly recommend you try out Mellow Mushroom. Warning: It is located on busy Mill Ave, so you have to feel comfortable around the college crowd.
2	I'll start by saying I really wanted to like this place because the beer selection had me giddy and the food was definitely decent, albeit kind of expensive for the ASU neighborhood. The pizza was better than the rest of what I sampled from the menu but unfortunately, the service was horrendous. We went towards the end of a celebration involving beer that the town was having and it was Saturday night so we expected it to be on the busier side. The bar area was loud thanks to an excessively high music volume (I promise I'm not just old and grumpy) and people getting their buzz on. It was a little disorienting and it didn't allow my friends and I to carry on a conversation, but it's not a big deal. It's a college bar/restaurant, after all. The servers, as well as the bartender (who seemed to be serving and talking with the same few people, getting them one drink after another, while neglecting everyone else), were clearly inattentive and probably overworked. It looked to me like everyone had too much on their plates and none of them seemed to be on top of things. They were too laid back (read: spacey) or too exhausted to take on the steady stream of customers coming in after us as well as keeping up with existing customers. Another employee (preferably an alert one) thrown into the mix would have made a world of difference,After not seeing our server around for awhile, I made the mistake of ordering a beer with the guy who brought us our food. I passed him my ID to take a look at, watched him jot my drink order down, and to my dismay, he was never to be seen again. Wait, I take that back. I was just reminded that we saw him again when he was hanging out and chatting with friends outside. What a coincidence that he was ready to go back inside (in a hurry) just as we made eye contact while leaving the restaurant! When our waitress did eventually come around to see if we were ready for the check, I mentioned my long lost beer and she confessed she hadn't received word of it but was not apologetic, which would have improved the situation for me. It took a bit longer but I received my beer and my check, which of course is a disconcerting combination when I had initially wanted said beer just moments after ordering our food. I drank it quickly in an effort to make our way out of the place in a timely manner but regretted not getting to savor it happily with my meal. Another thing I want to mention (with has absolutely nothing to do with the restaurant's service or the food) is the fact that their water is not purified. This is a non-issue for me in Albuquerque but the tap water in Phoenix tastes remarkably like pond scum to non-Natives such as myself who are well adjusted to better quality water from the tap. I think making an effort to provide customers who are drinking and need to stay hydrated with clean, filtered water free of charge would give businesses an edge in AZ.Overall, I think this restaurant is being managed poorly but has potential. I wish the employees were a bit more keen on doing their job because I'm sure they're all nice people who I'd like to say sweet things about. I'm not sure if it's a chain, I'm assuming it is, but If they opened one here and it wasn't understaffed, I could potentially frequent it based on the beer selection alone.
4	Ate here the other day for the first time when I had a meeting downtown and I must say I was pleasantly suprised.  Servers were a bit aloof but the buffalo chicken pizza is the bomb!!! I will be coming back with the wife and the three kids for sure, they will get a kick out of the pseudo stoner atmosphere(hopefully not too much of a kick lol).
5	love this place great food, friendly helpful serves, strong drinks 48 craft beers on draft and, great happy hour 3-6 and reverse  happy hour 10 - 2.
4	Skip the appetizers and salad...pizza is some of the best. Great seasonal beer selection.  Can be $$$ but if you stick to pizza and a beer you'll be pleasantly satisfied.
3	Food was ok, not what I expected. Kinda disappointed. Had the buffalo chicken pizza. It was really dry. Could have used more sauce.
4	Got a medium pepperoni pizza for three to go.It took around 15 min which was pretty reasonable. The reason why i'm giving it 4 stars is that the employees were not very nice, a worker was smoking and drinking in the little take out area. They also seemed really young, and not too interested in helping us when we walked in to get our pizza.However, the pizza was really yummy. It had lots of cheese and pepperonis. It was a little greasy, but the crust was amazing! The crust was really crispy, but also very chewy, and the crust was also very flavorful. It had lots of parmesan cheese and garlic. Yum!
4	Unfortunately sat on the patio for 45 min,when I informed the GM how long it took for service I was dismissed as a cheap college student.with no discount received for our consistent patronage I shall go to Pranksters on Broadway instead,
5	"Mellow Mushroom is a great spot. Consistent good food & quality service. They do 1/2 & 1/2 pizzas so u can try different flavors. We tried the Thai Dye and the Magical Mystery Tour. SO GOOD! Their beer selection is phenomenal & they always have monthly specials. Kevin is the best bartender/server I've had in a long time.Two thumbs up!"
4	Om-a-nom-a-nom-a-nomFood was good and the service was great.  Very relaxed and laid back atmosphere.  I was there at the tail end of the lunch rush during a week day with some out of town friends.  Had a calzone that was piping hot and delicious!  I'll definitely be back to try their pizza.
4	I really like the reverse happy hour here.  Minus 1 star because I was slightly disappointed with their pretzels.  I thought they were a little overcooked and not doughy enough.The Beer Cheddar sauce was worth the extra money.
3	I was excited to try Mellow Mushroom and finally got the chance when we were looking for somewhere kid friendly in Tempe. She we got there (around 5:30pm on a Thursday night) we were happy to be seated right away. The hostess was nice and our server came right over and took our drink order. Happy hour was going on (half priced bar drinks, except bombers) but we didn't order drinks this night. Thinking that pizza would allow us to have an easy dinner and share was a mistake on my part. First glance at the kid's menu and the little ones could really care less about sharing pizza with mom and dad. The girls decided on the meatballs and Mac and cheese. Our server let us know that all specialty pies could be made half and half so we ordered half with the Red Potato option and the other half Magic Mushroom.The wait time was average and all food arrived to the table hot. Hubby and I didn't share  with each other so I can't comment on his choice, but he seemed the enjoy it. My choice was pretty good...nice amount of potatoes, bacon, and the sauce was spicy but not inedible. It was good. The crust held the toppings well, but it was wheat. Blech. I didn't see crust options on the menu (besides gluten free), only that they brush it with garlic and parm (which was really light btw),  but I really wish there was a white dough. Just like I prefer my pb & j on white bread, I prefer my pizza on white dough. I am able to overlook this though...there are other pizzas I want to try so if that means that I have to eat a wheat crust then so be it.So why 3 stars then? It all comes down to the kid's menu. $5.50 for a kid's entree (includes drink). Not horrible. We eat out a lot, the price is average. The serving size however, is not. Like I said, one child got the meatballs. Granted, she LOVED them, but she got 3. 3!!! Now we can split hairs and say, "there were actually six", but they were small, with cheese in the middle, and when put together made three regular balls. Slap a little sauce on it and serve it with some apples that were cut at 11am, and you have yourself a meal for a four year old. Problem is my little one is almost eight and she was still hungry. The other little one ordered Mac and cheese. Thanks for putting some Annie's boxed stuff under the broiler. Ugh...I hate paying so much for boxed crap (even if it is natural and not Kraft).So the lesson is, take your family, share a pizza, Don't order off the kid's menu unless you are into wasting money, and get here during happy hour.
4	Went on a Monday during Happy Hour. It was slow but the minimal staff couldn't handle it. I saw a couple sit at the bar and leave after about 5 minutes of not being greeted or contacted at all. 3-4 staff off duty were hanging out at the end of the bar.That's the bad.The good was the pizza and the kitchen manager, David. He came to the rescue and took excellent care of us. He turned what would have been a pretty negative experience into a good one. He made up for everything the staff lacked and whipped up a great pizza! I'll be coming back for sure!
2	Went again new years eve.Half packed(not real busy at all 6.30pm) .Really slow again 45 minutes for a 4 slice pizza.Beer selection and Pizza Yummy.Call in your order ahead of time or go planning to drink for awhile,on that note would have gave two more stars.
1	My wife suggested I take our sales people to this place for a holiday lunch which for us also included some drinks. I dropped almost $200 at this place and cannot understand how this place stays in business. It was an off time since this place is right next to ASU and school was on break, but the food quality and service was horrible. Mostly the food but the service was barely acceptable. To start we ordered some of their pretzels, beer cheese, wings and some salads. Right out of the gate, they served us wings with rotting celery on the plate. I showed the waitress and she was like oh, we will get this fixed and go get new celery. She then brought back the same celery but cut in smaller pieces. I wish I had taken a picture...disgusting. We had to wait for beer a couple times and what I assume is the "brew master" served us twice and both times stuck his finger in the beer when dropping a piece of lemon in it. The pizza was no better than a grocery frozen dinner version and they obviously do not care about the presentation nor the quality. Given it is located in a school town, you would also expect it to be reasonably priced, but it is not.
2	Awesome pizza, consistently horrible waitresses. If you decide to try it out, order it to go! We have eaten in a few times at different locations and the wait staff is always awful. We only get delivery or take out these days.
3	Pizza is pretty good but I expected more in atmosphere. The one on High St looks like it is decorated much more to match the creative names on the menu. This one kind of looks like a diner. Great beer selection and amazing names of their dishes. No wait on a Sat night was a definite plus but I expected more.
2	I used to like Mellow Mushroom a lot, it was the flavor of the perfect pizza. But not anymore: last time I visited this place, my pizza was served barely warm after long waiting. It got inedibly cold very quick. Yes, the server was careless: after we ordered, he took one menu, leaving the other on the table. When my drink was almost over, he promised to bring the refill and disappeared. And then showed up to tell us about his intentions again, but no refills. Finally, when we were done with our pizza, I got my drink. Needless to say that waiting for check was very long. Also, there was nobody to seat us at the entrance; we've waited for five minutes to get attention. It was amazing considering that there were only few tables with customers.Oh, and the taste of pizza. They changed the recipe for the regular dough, but there is no information about it on the menu. It lack its original sweetness I used to like so much. There is some mention for new recipe for gluten-free crusts, but nothing for regular. Cold-serve pizzas and inattentive servers: Farewell, Mellow Mushroom!
5	Honestly some of the best pizza I think I've had in Tempe. The House special is amazing and fragrant and the pizzas are always baked to perfection--crispy but not hard, fluffy but not soggy. The crust always makes me want to cry, it tastes so good :') I love Mellow Mushroom! Service is always super nice and upbeat too!
5	This is good pizza. The crust is the best I've had. Soft and not doughy. The pizza was so good. For the appetizer I ordered the stuffed portabella. It was very good. Hard making a decision as everything looks so good.
4	Too crowded down the street and late for a Gammage production, we stopped in for a bite and were SO pleasantly surprised. The service is attentive and friendly and the place is super clean. Pizzas here are both unusual and mainstream. You can go either way and be happy as can be. The crust on that barbecue chicken pizza was undeniably tasty. Sauce that's not too sweet or salty and cooked perfectly. I can't imagine trying anywhere else when I have a pizza craving. Need to work on that spinach salad though - all spinach and the extras were hard to find. I'll be back though, and I can't wait.
1	I can't even comment on the food they serve here. Reason being, there was no food to be served. Arrived at the restaurant, never was greeted but only to sit down next to the bar. No problem with that, except no one even tried to acknowledge us. Sat unwaited for about 15 mins, being clearly visible to the wait staff. Left disappointed and clearly upset with the unprofessionalism and discern of the staff at mellow mushroom. I should give them 0 stars but you can't. Never tasted the food and staff was rude. Disappointed customer!!
1	Don't know how the food is. We've been here 45 minutes and no food yet. It's so not crowded in here at 1:30 on a Monday holiday afternoon. Our server Kevin was rude, slow and too old to be serving. Never will come back here. The food may turn out great....but this first impression leaves little to be desired. Guess what? A table next to us went to the bar to get their own beers....again Kevin was their server.  When I said the pizza better be be good I've waited forever.....Kevin only said let's hope so. Update: He also failed to give us hh pricing on the ONE beer we ordered....we couldn't order more he didn't check back on us until we finally finished eating. This was an experience to remember. FYI the pizza wasn't that great I'd rather have Vito's in Mesa than this hot mess. I'd never recommend this place to anyone.
3	Love that they have VEGAN pizza here, wish more restaurants would pick up on this trending demand. Wish they would get some vegan mock-meats though, but I do love the tofu and tempeh.
1	Got delivery from one of the few pizza places with gluten-free and delivery options. Phone service was great-friendly and efficient however the pizza we received was less than up to par..a $10 pizza at best. The toppings were so scarce and were placed 2.5 inches within the crust line. A 14" $27 pizza presented in a $10- 8" pizza form. The manager was more than apologetic and recovered well but we will not be ordering from them again. I will say that the food tastds good but was so NOT worth $40 for a 14" Lazy pizza and 10 wings (+tip) sorry mellow mush...not worth it to me.
2	Visited my buddy in Arizona came here for his birthday dinner. Group of 20.  Wait was more than 2 hours food wasn't any faster. Maybe their lunch is better.
2	This is the one mellow mushroom that has the best location but worst food. The pizza I had did not sit right in my stomach and I've had prepared at the other locations without this problem. The service was okay. This is a great spot for drunken college kids to get there grub on but not for me. I would rather go to the one closer to house.
2	Second time coming here. First time was great, but the second time around the service was absolutely terrible. My order never ended up coming out, the waiter never came by to check up on us, and we had to go up to the bar(after waiting for a few minutes to even get someone's attention!) to ask for the checks! Ridiculous.
2	Bottom line, the hostess was the worst. She did not great my party because she was texting on her phone. We were seated by a bartender and he was the reason I am giving this place 2 stars instead of 1. The pizza was okay and the beer selection was mediocre.
4	We went there after a spring training game on a Sat. It was probably around 5:00 p.m. and not crowded at that hour.  We went in and sat at a booth by the bar.  I scanned the chalkboard list of beers (not even close to a list of all the beers they had on tap).  I asked the bartended if I could taste the nut brown ale and he immediately poured me a sampler at no charge (as it should be everywhere).  It was a bit bitter for my taste but our waiter had suggestions for us.  One of us said he like Shock Top (I know, I chastised him for his beer preference) and the waiter immediately suggested a Hef that my friend said was quite good.  I said I like Newcastle and he suggested a brown ale which was excellent.  A third member of our party selected one of the multiple porters available.We ordered two pizzas, one with all meat on 1/2 and a specialty pizaa on the other half.  The other was 1/2 carne asada with kalamata olives (that has to be the most creative combination on a pizza that I've yet come across), the other 1/2 chicken, artichoke and garlic.  The crust on both pizzas was very good, thick but not overly filling.The staff all seemed really friendly and casual.  If they're students (this is near ASU) they didn't come across as smug hipsters or anything of that sort.  They were genuinely friendly to us (3 40+ year olds and one teenage girl).
1	I went here for lunch recently and  regret going. I chose an outside table because the weather was pleasant enough to justify it. The waitress seemed cheerful, but inexperienced. She took a while just to get my water and when she was taking my order she got distracted by a couple of her "friends" who were walking past the restaurant. She called out to them and started up a conversation with me just sitting there waiting for her to take my order.After five minutes of this nonsense, I decided I had enough. I firmly reminded her that I was a customer and since she was on the clock, I was to be her priority. Her friends walked away, giving me the evil eye. She rolled her eyes at me and proceeded to take my order. I ordered two slices of pepperoni pizza. After 40 minutes she came back with a vegetarian pizza. i calmly pointed out that she had gotten my order wrong and she disappeared for another 20 minutes. Another waitress came out and apologized for the bad service, asking me if I wanted to wait a little longer for my lunch. I said no and left the Mellow Mushroom.No sooner had I exited the door I was practically cornered by some homeless booze hound. He wanted spare change, reasoning that since I was "rich enough" to eat here, I should be able to be able to spare him a little money.The whole experience ruined any good impressions I had about Mill Avenue in general.
4	Great location right on Mill Ave. They validate parking for the garage behind it at the front wait station. Their Happy Hour specials are excellent you save on both beers & appetizers! I have to say i've never had a bad item on their menu, even the non meat items are delicious and i'm a meat eater thru and thru.  Its a great place to take everyone in the family, you can get single pizza's or huge pizza pie's you can share. They even have salads!! The service could be a little better but i don't really expect much as their mostly college kids working there meaning you get what you pay for. The service at the bar is great just haven't had great service in the dining area.They can accommodate huge groups parties and there are plenty of TV's in the bar area to watch the game and grab a beer w friends. They have a full service bar as well
5	great pizza and beer! Beer selection is great and is always changing. Be on the look out for special tappings and tap takeovers. Food is always consistently good. I really enjoy the late night happy hour starting at 10 PM with half price drafts and slices of pizza. Great value and solid offerings.
4	I have never actually had pizza here, but the appetizers, cocktails, and salads are awesome. Its usually really busy when I have gone so the time it takes to get your food is a little slow but totally worth it. I try to stop by every time I am in Tempe. I just wish they had opened up shop while I was in college.
4	I come here a lot whenever I get dragged out to Mill, because it's one of the last venues that doesn't suck around Tempe. The food is just alright. It's friggin pizza. If you like pizza, you will like it. The beer is more what I come for and their selection is excellent, especially the local brews. Atmosphere, most of the time, is decent. Last time I was here, in March sometime, the service was really slow because the guy was running six tables and had been working since 9 AM. I told him I wouldn't give him a bad review because of that, because I understand. I tipped him well anyway.
1	After writing my initial review, I received a private message from the restaurant's owner who apologized and offered a gift card as a formal apology. I think it was a professional gesture from the business owner, so I accepted it. The problem is the message is two months old now and I did not receive any gift card. From this perspective, it makes the impression of Mellow Mushroom even worse.
4	The pizza was delicious and some of our friends has various sandwiches which they raved about. One friend had gluten free pizza and she was not a fan. We had a dog with us but he was not allowed inside the fence of the outside patio, which I thought odd. The service started out great, but then we ran out of drinks and had to wait a bit to receive refills and our checks. The food took quite awhile, but definitely worth the wait. Delicious!!!!!  They also have Coca Cola products which made my husband very happy!
1	It was Saturday night. We had a medium pizza, half of Melchacho, half of Fun Guy, and a beef calzone. Waitress came to us and informed that the cook had mistakenly make a chicken calzone instead of beef one. She asked if it was okay. We asked for the beef. Because of this mistake and not being asked if we want the food served together, we had our pizza served before the calzone, so the person who supposed to have a calzone had to wait while I was eating. It was quite inconvenient.The pizza was tasteless. The dough was worse than in Ahwatukee location. Fun Guy part was lacking the mushroom quantity, having big plain cheese areas. Overall, it was the worst pizza I have ever had in Mellow Mushroom.    Waitress didn't try make even one smile toward us, that how great the service was. Awful experience, considering the gift card that covered the most of the bill. It is nice that the owner gives you a gift card as a formal apology, but it isn't worth going back when the pizza is not so good and the service is so terrible.I got the feel that Mellow Mushroom came to conclusion that selling beer is more profitable than making tasty pizzas.
5	I came on a Monday night. All beers were 3.79. I think they had a huge selection. I did not get the chance to try the pizza, so I cannot comment on that. It was a pretty cool spot to hang out in for a while.
5	Went to the MM when visiting my BFF and her family in AZ. This place was super relaxed, great for kids and the pizza was yummy. Wish they had a MM in Texas.
4	Yummy Bloody Mary drinks during happy hour. I also enjoy their vegetarian pizza options. The atmosphere is very fun with colorful urban art including skateboards as canvases. Fun place to meet up with friends.
5	Mellow Mushroom never disappoints. Even when they are super busy, you never sit up front long. Ever time I have gone, I have been seated almost immediately. Yes, sometimes it takes a while for the food to come, but I would so much rather be at a table having a conversation and drinking my drink than standing or sitting in the lobby or outside. The employees are always super nice, which can only mean one thing: they like their jobs! Mellow Mushroom must take good care of their people to have so many nice, happy employees. Maybe they enjoy their jobs so much because of the fun location on Mill Ave- a college, single and ready to mingle area.Finally, the pizza is delicious! I love the pizza with the Caesar salad on top. Sometimes I will get a small pizza for myself and do half one kind and half another. I like having options!  You will leave Mellow Mushroom a happy person!
2	Pizza was just average, and a little more pricey than I think they warrant.  Lots of toppings, and creative solutions, but no combinations that really stood out as something I wanted to actually try. so we got a meaty style. salads were ok. Service was average, and there were not that many people to serve. the drinks were pretty cheap (wine, beer, margs) but I don't think they had any Coors or Bud on tap, which is unusual.  I really love pizza, but I probably would not return here.
5	Everyone here is very friendly. The manager came by and talked to me for a bit. He is super nice :) every time I come here I feel very welcome. I also really enjoy the beer selection.
3	Nice atmosphere and food was surprisingly good, I liked the good beer selectionThe servers were slow and needed to be reminded of drinks a few times but were helpful and nice It was worth it especially during happy hourI'll be back to try again!
2	Not impressed. Bought a groupon, but still paid well above what I expected to for a small pizza, app and one beer $29. All draft beer here is $6/16oz. The pretzel app was tasty, but it was simply pizza dough in a pretzel shape. Beer cheese was ok, but cost just as much as the pretzels ($3.29). The hostess staff is in booty shorts which I don't prefer to look at while eating (call me a prude haha). The vibe is trendy, but inauthentic. I was hoping for a neighborhood type feel and some good pizza - this place falls short of that.Overall I wouldn't recommend and won't be frequenting this place.
2	This place is OK.  The food is good and the beer selection is great however the service is consistently lack-luster.
5	Who doesn't love Mellow Mushroom. Their pizza crust is my favorite part and I have never had a bad pizza from them! They even have a groupon going on right now, so I can't wait to go again soon!
5	OK as I have mentioned in other reviews I am new to Tempe and am searching for good gluten free foods.  Pizza in particular.We called and had pizzas delivered.  The only downside was that it took about 40 minutes to get it, but hey......it was a Saturday night, what did I expect?!!Was it worth the wait?  Yes, absolutely. I went with the gluten free gourmet white pizza (olive oil and garlic base with sun dried tomatoes, provolone, mozzarella, feta, tomatoes and onions) for kicks I added bacon.  When I opened the box it looked ok, but the smell made my mouth water!  I could barely wait to get it on a plate.  At first I was not sure about the crust, but it was REALLY good!  The crust is vegan and unlike any gluten free crust I have had.  Great texture and flavor.  This pizza was so good I ate the entire thing........granted it is a 12" one, but man!I WILL be ordering this again soon.  I am anxious to try the other flavors, especially the Kosmic Karma.Well done Mellow Mushroom!PS - if you are thinking about this, please be sure to read their policy on their gluten free pizzas.  They take that extra step to make sure that it is not contaminated from the other things in the kitchen.  We all know that in a kitchen that serves gluten items, you can't completely avoid cross-contamination, but the steps they take make me feel better about eating here.
5	Just came back from having a very awesome pizza....half wheat crust , too!Terrific!Also 40+ beer on tap.
5	Went back a second time cuz so good the first. Was just as good....better. Happy hour 3-6pm ALL apps &  drinks half $. Pretzels with beer chz xlnt. Pear cocktail xlnt.Beautiful bathroom.Try the fantastic AMC theater with all new interior nearby. Seats recline to laying down, all u can drink self serve soda, super clean.
5	Awesome pizza.  Perfect every time.  Addicted to the magical mystery pizza.  Beer selection great as well.  Service kind and attentive.  My goto spot for great pizza.   Salads average.
4	Really good pizza and great variety of pizzas and beer. Little bit overpriced but still super good.
5	Great tasting food , friendly staff,  casual atmosphere. Greeted promptly at the door, sat immediatly. Hostess was nice. Young girl. Not wearing "booty shorts" dining room was large and open.  Semi seperated from the bar area with t.v.s etc.Server was Kyle, laid back guy, he was friendly and proficient.The menu was varied. Offered items for alternative diets ( tofu hoagie , gluten free pizzas etc) we got the "holy shitake" pizza, and it was VERY good. Garlic sauce, mushrooms onions shaved parmesan, herb crust. Im not a big fan of red sauce, so i prefer pizza joints that offer other bases, this place has a few, i saw red sauce, garlic, and pesto, and i didnt read the whole menu so there could be more. Prices seemed on point with this neighborhood. Bathrooms were modern, and clean, offering hand dryers, and paper towel dispensers that forked over regular sizes sheets of paper towels. The whole building looked clean, and new.Overall impression: nice, clean pizza place, with bar, offering something for everyone, at the standard price.
5	Nice spacing, good music, great food! Our server "Dante" was fantastic! Very attentive with a friendly attitude. Definitely recommend this for a grouping point to start or finish the night.
5	Waiter staff excellent. Manager comped half of our pizza when it came out incorrectly and gave us the correct order. Very generous! Pizza and salad was amazing. Will definitely visit again.
4	Awesome atmosphere and service. A must place to eat if you're on Mill Ave.
5	Loved their pizza.  Prices are not cheap.  But is it worth the price....uhm yes!  Go there today.
3	To start I'm going with three starts because I am a HUGE fan of their pizzas. My bf and I were vacationing in Florida and ate at a mellow mushroom there and we absolutely LOVED everything about it. That being said, I was then visiting family in Arizona and looked up to see if there were any around, I told my family and they agreed to go with me. I was happy to show them something they hadn't tried close to them and something I had enjoyed so much, that being said we stopped at the restaurant after a full day at the waterpark nearby and it was mostly empty. We got say in a both near the bar area and our waitress was also the bartender. Right away she seemed to have an attitude like she didn't want to deal with our group of 6 & didn't come by to take our order, we had to flag her down. She took our order of two large pizzas in a rush and ran off.When our pizzas came one was messed up and instead of being apologetic, she asked if we would like to try it, one of the kids in our group did not want the spicy sauce on the pizza and therefore did not want it. Even after she tried it. We again had to flag the waitress down because she was too busy, and when we told her that we would need a new pizza she offered to make a small just for the child. Instead of making a whole new pizza for us, if that was the case then she should have taken the large pizza off our bill instead, and just charged us for the small one they made to replace it, since the large was mostly not eaten &  it was not what we asked for.We had to split our bill into two separate ones because we wanted to use a groupon and another coupon we had received in an email, which was fine since most offers are not combinable (not that the fine print on either coupon had said that) we did the smaller bill with cash, it was 6.91$ we gave 10$, and the larger one I put on my card. I had intended to leave her tip on my card and let my cousin have her cash change, but the waitress just pocketed the 2.09$ and did not give us our change back on the cash bill. Which absolutely infuriated me because I had never told her to keep the change. She just grabbed the little black book without a word and gave it back with only my card inside and the slip to sign. Needless to say after that experience I did not leave her an additional tip. I would have liked to speak to a manager but was never offered the chance and never saw one walking around.
1	I saw the chicken mole pizza on their website and was dying to try something so unique and bold. I called to order my pizza and gave my name and number and was told it would take about 20 minutes. When I arrived at the take out window, I had to wait about 5 minutes while the 3 cooks stood around until they could flag someone down to help me. When she arrived, she told me that they no longer made the mole pizza and tried to call but wasn't sure she had the right number...but I could choose another pizza to purchase and wait 20 minutes for. It wasn't busy inside and I can see why...Terrible customer service.
4	Mellow Mushroom is a chain that has locations mostly in college towns.  I ate at the one in Boone, NC first.  I thought the pizza was good, but a bit over priced, but they have a very good craft beer selection.  So I gave the one in Tempe a try.I travel into Phoenix for business fairly regularly and eat at the Mushroom on almost every trip because the bartenders - Ariana and Katie - are friendly and efficient.  Get there before 6 for happy hour specials.  Order a medium pizza or larger and take the leftovers home.  They also have reverse happy hour after 10:00pm.My favorite pizza is not one of their specials, but is should be: red sauce, spinach, mushrooms and caramelized onions.  They should add it to the menu as it works great with their medium crust
2	Slightly overpriced but decent pizza. I went on a Saturday night. Primarily ASU crowd. As for anywhere on Mill Ave, this is not the place to go if you're looking for a quiet dinner.
4	I've been to this place a couple times (the first of which was a REALLY long time ago), and I really like it.It kind of reminds me of a not-so-chain-feeling California Pizza Kitchen, which I know is a weird thing to say because 1) I know it is a chain & 2) I like California Pizza Kitchen (and have no issue w/chain restaurants to begin with), it's just that Mellow Mushroom has a slightly more "homey" feel to it. A couple things I didn't know about Mellow Mushroom until this last time I went, but I'm glad I know now:1) They have a a happy hour. Half price on apps & drink specials. 2) They actually have a really good beer selection! I always expect chain places like this to carry pretty standard fare, but they actually have a really big variety here. A friend of mine who I came with is doing gluten-free right now and they actually had multiple selections for her.As far as food goes, I had hummus and a pizza. I'm pretty easy to please with hummus, and it's good a Mellow Mushroom. Nothing stands out about it (for better or worse), but it's good. I also had a gluten-free pizza, which was delicious. I know nothing about gluten-free & since this was the first time I had pizza from Mellow Mushroom I have nothing to compare it to, but I really liked the crust in particular.Service was fine (it wasn't all that busy), and they validate parking (I really hate what the parking situation on Mill has become, which is why I rarely frequent there anymore). I'm a fan, and I 'll be back.
1	We were not that happy w/ the overall experience.  We had to wait over an hour for our pizza and by the time it came it tasted a bit over cooked and VERY dry.  It also didn't help that the dining room smelled like dirty dish water which I think came from the rag the waitress was using to clean the tables behind us.  We probably will not go back there again.
2	Alright before I commence this review - all should know this : no hate on the food. Food was yummy. Good pizza, thick crust, yadayadayadayadaThe whole theme is fresh baked. Well I'll tell you one thing that wasn't baked, and that was me after waiting forever for our pizza that they messed up. I want reimbursement for the goods we wasted before hand to get proper munchies. Here's the story. My friends and I all go on a Munchie mission and decide that we should all go to the pizza place, who's theme was being baked. Cool, thanks for that laugh. The waitress comes, my friend distinctly says all she wants is a BBQ chicken pizza with pineapple. Ok that's confirmed everything cool. Pizza takes some time...We get the pizza , and it has bacon on it, which typically isn't an issue if I get some bacon, EXCEPT one of my friends dining with us was Muslim, so they could not consume pork. We request a separate piece with no bacon, and were denied. So the manager comes out, and what a douche he was. Straight up. Kills everyone's vibes. He doesn't want to fix our pizza, which is just whack.. This isn't a silly dislike or something like that. It's for a legitimate reason. After explaining this, he tried to still have us pay for the pizza, which was not going to happen. After a bit more arguing, he agrees to "buy" us the mistake pizza. But not with out five minutes of telling us that he doesn't comp pizzas because he has to pay, and then he can't afford to do that for everyone or he'd be broke. What? You messed up our food!!!! So he doesn't leave us peacefully, he has to put a nail on his own coffin by saying,  "I'm comping this because I'm religious too" I work in food industry, I've managed 2 shops.  Don't bs me about having to pay for kitchen mistakes. That's illegal, it's production cost. Also, don't sit here and look me in my eyes and tell end that the reason you are buying my pizza is because you are religious. The reason you are taking back my food and making it right is because you manage a food establishment, and your only job is to feed the customer. Not to be a good student of god and buy some college students their pizza. Not stoked on this experience. And to the manager, you should not be managing an establishment with such ignorance. On top of that , I wouldn't recommend writing "comp" on the receipt, like you did us some sort of radical favor because you had to remake our food. To end on a good note, the waitress was nice.
4	Mellow mushroom is awesome. They have great happy hour from 3-6 and 10-close which is half off all alcohol and munchies. They have great wings.
5	By far one of the greatest happy hours in Tempe! I recommend the white chocolate Russian specialty drink, bruschetta, & sweet Thai chili wings. Oh, & the pizza is never disappointing. + great service! Definitely my favorite late night spot to drink and eat versus the rest of Mill ave hangouts.
2	I went to Mello Mushroom for first time  Saturday 8-16-2014    The Good  Pizza (House Special) tasted good enough, even though a little over priced.  The salad was good (Enlightened Spinach Salad) although I have never ordered a spinach salad that didn't come pre-dressed and they really didn't have a traditional Spinach Salad dressing, we did the balsamic.  It was a Saturday afternoon at about 4:15 and there were maybe 15 people in the  place and was definitely not busy, and there was plenty of staff  6 or so pizza makers , 4-5 servers (I assume they were servers anyway) and a couple hostess and at least 1 manager on duty that I could see not including bar kitchen and bar staff.OK now the not so good....   I don't think our server worked there ( I say this half jokingly) se showed up at out table to take out order, deliver out drinks, bring us out salad and then bring us our pizza and then to bring us our check.   never ever checking on us to see if we needed anything else ( we had no silverware, there was no salt on the table, to see if we needed any refills on our drinks ) and when she wasn't at our table (which was not very often) I have no idea where she was   she was not where to be seen ( probably why she didn't take as good of care of us as she should have) And I mean no where to be see, no in the pizza making area , not at hostess stand , not at bar, not in any of the other sections, its like she left and came back very strange for a place that wasn't even busy.  ok next the hostesses were by front door talking to each other  ignoring everything else that was going on. The Manager (I assume He was manager he was dressed differently than everyone else and seemed to be giving out orders) seemed more like he was more interested in talking up a couple of different wait staff (female) and being Mr Player and important that he didn't even notice the lack of service we were receiving. Also the fact that The men's restroom trash can was overflowing with paper towels and  the sing was utterly disgusting and that the faucet on the right in the men's bathroom was just sitting on the sink, it was not attached to the sink in any way other than the hoses that supplied water. I washed my hands and kept my paper towel and was going to bring it back to my table rather than throw it on floor in restroom.  on the way back to my table there was a trash can about 7 feet from mr manager man that was completely full to the to that things were sticking over the top but not over flowing  I put the towel in there, I had to be careful or it would have been on the floor there also.  I sat back down and watched this manager talk to a server and then he threw something in the over full trash can.  I was thinking I can't believe he didn't have some one empty the trash.  It was almost overflowing.  a few minutes later one of the servers threw something in the trash, he walked over to the can and looked at it a few times and looked perplexed.  He called her over  I was thinking he was going to have here empty it, instead he asked her why she threw something away , and then she said why, and he and her both walked away from the trash can.   no one emptied it at all.  My lunch date said that the woman's restroom garbage can was not quite overflowing, but apparently the women there aren't as good of shots as the men because there 5-6 towels of floor in there.  and mind you this was around 5 pm on a Saturday afternoon at his time, before they were even busy, I can only imagine how bad it must get when the place gets busyAnd I can only imagine that if this is the cleanliness that they have in their public, open areas, I don't think I want to know what happens in there not seen areas of prep, and refrigeration, and dishes.  YuckI would not recommend this place, not because the pizza wasn't decent, but more because of sanitary concerns and lack of attention to details from the staff from the manager all the way down to the servers,   I know that it all starts at management and I guess if the manager is more concerned with chatting the ladies up then running a restaurant, I guess this is how the details that are most important (cleanliness, customer service, appearance) don't really have time or priority to be taken care of.
4	Hubby and I went to the Mushroom on Mill for Happy Hour.We had been there before, but never took advantage of the HH specials - half off drinks and apps. This is definitely the times we will go back over and over for.The food is good, though not necessarily great. During previous visits, we usually ordered a pizza and a beer or two. Any other time it seems as though the cost for this is usually a but higher than I would normally like.During HH we were able to order a couple of things off the "Munchies" menu. 10 wings for me (under $5) and spinach dip with pitas for him (under $4) and we were able to have about 3 craft beers each. For all this, we paid much less than if we would have just gone out for a pizza.Bonus - We used a groupon $10 for $20 and it applied during HH!!!The tap list is pretty decent as well.. Definitely not bad for a chain restaurant. Good stuff and they seem to update on taphunter.The staff is a bit hit or miss at times with friendliness/attentiveness, but this trip we got to meet and chat with the manager Aaron. He is a superstar!! He was so friendly and nice and made us feel so welcomed and like we were old friends/regulars! He knew his craft beer as well and was able to recommend something amazing for my hubby who gave him 2 thumbs up.I really loved his demeanor and honestly, I will return to this Mellow Mushroom again and again because of him and those HH specials!
2	Met a friend for lunch at the Mellow Mushroom on Mill Ave.  Got there around 11:45, and we were the first there for lunch.  Ordered small spinach salad, which was very interesting w candied pecans, fresh spinach, feta, apples - very good, except the dressing tasted old. My friend ordered the gluten free pizza which was ok,nothing special, crust was chewy. Took over an hour to be served! Waiter was quite nice and kept apologizing - almost felt sorry for him.  Thought  the meal was only ok, and quite expensive.
4	This place is pretty damn sweet, mostly since it has the best happy hour on mill ave.  Half price drinks and appetizers? Sign me up! Great draft beer selections and the taps are always in rotation. The cocktails always come with a heavy pour and a smile from the friendly bartenders. Pizza is good but not great but I mostly get appetizers such as bruschetta, wings, and soft pretzels which are all excellent. Great place for a snack and a brew between classes.
5	I've spent plenty of time at Mellow over the last few years and things haven't changed. The food, the beers and the service have always been and still remain exemplary!
2	The food is mediocre.  It's difficult to eat anything because of the stench that hits you as soon as you walk in the front door.  Smells like pee and dirty mop water.
1	I am a big fan of Mellow, so here is the deal I would recommend not eating here unless you called a to go in, or you sat at the bar and did not mind amateur service and long waits.  35 minutes to get our pizza and there are only 3 other tables in the restaurant.  Service is amateur, but nice, very slow.  Pizza, well it can't be beat, but the toppings were very light.  This place has bad management written all over it.  It's a shame.  Next time I will call in a pick up.However the kitchens manager came out after the bill was dropped and apologized.  At least someone there is customer oriented.  He was able to turn it around.  Someone should promote him to GM
2	If there is a line, turn around. You can sit at the bar for 45 minutes and order, but the food still came out after we were seated. We had to actually hunt down our original order. Never refilled our drinks, and never cleaned up spills. People waiting watch you eat, which is never fun. A little tightening up of the cleanliness and attentiveness to customer service, and I'd go back based on the beer selection alone. Pizza is salty.
5	Five stars for all of the cheap college students out there! if you are looking for the BEST happy hour in Tempe, THIS IS YOUR PLACE. Half off appetizers, and they are all great. I suggest the garlic bread because it is about one dollar for a large loaf. Also, drinks are half off!IT GETS BETTER. THEY HAVE A REVERSE HAPPY HOURYou can get half off drinks and appetizers from 10-2! BUT WAIT THERE IS MORE.there isn't but I wanted to continue with the infomercial theme.
5	My pizza was absolutely delicious and even better was my service. Noel was the best server I have had in years hands down. I came here during the rush of the gameday and everything still went smooth. I would recommend this place to anyone. Don't miss out!!
5	They have a great happy hour where all appetizers and drinks are half off. The bartenders are great especially Nate. He always goes above and beyond. I love this place, must check it out.
5	This place has quickly ascended to my favorite place on Mill Ave. The service at the bar is outstanding and so friendly. They have a ton of great craft and specialty beers. The food is awesome too! Get the meatballs! They also have great happy hour specials and awesome daily specials as well. Management has done a great job over the last few months of turning Mellow into a must visit during a night out on Mill.
5	Great service from Keith. He gave us beer samples. Recommended food choices as well as beers. He was pleasant. Service was great. Food was great. No complaints here. I would recommend this place to those looking for specialty pizzas. No, it doesn't have that "home made" taste but it is delicious food. Come here with a group looking to please those with different tastes. I feel there is something here to please anyone's palate.
5	Mellow Mushroom is the best bar on mill if you want to avoid the crazy college scene. They have huge and excellent tap list for beer and their happy hour is second to none (half off all alcohol!).
4	Great pizza for the adventurous and not so adventurous. We had the Maui wowie and the magical mystery tour .... yum!  Also had a plain old Hawaiian service was great, great selection of craft beers on draft.  Reverse happy hour.  Give it a try.
5	Interesting place, i'm originally from New Jersey and used to that style of pizza but I think I can get used to this place really fast!
3	I saw this place on a food show about 3 weeks ago and had to try it. I didn't get a pie as I am from Chicago and knew it wasn't going to cut it. I ordered an Italian Hoagie. The big one. Now I knew right off the bat that our server was a bit light in the brains department, so I tried to talk slowly. We had two cocktails before the food came out. When it did arrive I was bent. This isn't going to fill me up? This is the large? I have been bent for a week wanting to rip this place. But I just looked at the receipt and we were only charged for a regular. So it was the servers fault. On to the sandwich. It was on a crispy roll stuffed with meat and veggies. The chips were homemade and crunchy. I would have appreciated the hoagie I saw on the tube. But it's all good. As I remember how tough it was to breath and stand erect without passing out at that age!
5	I came here with my partner-in-crime Brian V. because I heard they had really good gluten free pizza...I was not disappointed. We ordered the gluten free House Special - Red sauce base with mozzarella cheese, pepperoni, sausage, ground beef, ham, Applewood smoked bacon, mushrooms, black olives, Roma tomatoes, green and peppers...without onions. Our pizza was delicious! The service was great!  I will definitely return for more yummy pizza next time I am in Tempe!
4	Solid food with a pretty awesome drink selection. Hit this place up if you want to have a ton of tasty carbs under your belt!
2	I'm from the east coast & eat mellow all the time, this has been the worst experience I've ever had. The food is absolutely amazing so don't let that mush you away, but the service is absolutely terrible. We sat at the bar & they obviously just didn't care about us. I've worked in the service industry for over 10 years so I understand when it gets busy or things happen, but when there are two bartenders behind the bar & we were three out of four bar guests there was no excuse for the awful service we received. Thankfully we were just visiting, I would be really upset if this was my regular mellow.
3	While waiting for hotel room to get ready why stumbled in here for a drink and bite to eat. Service started out different as the server was easily confused. But hey give me a drink and I'm good. I ordered the Jerk Chicken Hoagie. It was okay enough to fill me and tasted pretty good. Ordered another drink and just kicked back and took in the views as we sat on the patio. Mill street is a busy area with the college. It worked and the weather was prefect.
5	Honesty we've been a couple times -  the one in Tempe is the best! Service was great!! Management is great! I'd have a hard time  picking somewhere else to go on Mill.
2	Overpriced mediocre pizza. Our family of four (2 kids 2 adults) dined here for lunch and dropped $82 (including tip) for pizza that was just OK and a good beer selection. The pizza is too bready and not very crisp. There are better pizza choices in the area.
1	First of all, I'd like to attest that I've been a customer here for a while and one bad experience has completely changed my opinion about the type of service given here. Last night I invited 3 friends who had never been to this restaurant for happy hour. The bartender argued with me about the drink I ordered, which wasn't alcoholic to begin with. Took them over 15 minutes to take our order and there was no particular attention or checkup on how we were doing. The "so called" manager who I called and spoke to this morning happened to be the same guy who was chit-chatting with the bartender, instead of serving us or providing elite service. May this be a lesson learned to your company as I will take this matter to the corporate level. It's a shame to see the kind of management running this place when there's no certain reassurance on the type of expected service most loyal customers are accustomed to when they bring other clients into the scene.
1	it would be nice if you updated your hours so i dont have to drive 20 minutes to find you closed an hour early.
3	This was just ok.  When we first arrived on Sunday afternoon, my hubby and I noticed a "smell" (sewage maybe?). We both ignored that little voice that said "lets leave now"   So, We sat at the bar.  Service was ok.  Beer selection AWESOME!  Pizza was warm at best- definitely not hot when we received it. Hubby had pepperoni and I tired 1/2 shiitake and 1/2 Thai pizza. It was overall just ok. Basically, I would come back for the beer but nothing no more.
