2	This version of Dick's doesn't get me excited. Well...no version of Dick's gets me excited - but you can avoid this location and fear no missed opportunity.This is a scaled down version with not much selection, especially in the winter department. I drove out of my way to visit this location- I will avoid in the future. Bonus- nobody is here so parking is a breeze.
3	Good place to go if you are in a bind for some sporting goods.  Pretty have a little bit of everything... but "jack of all traits.... master of none" applies here.   These sporting good stores are usually fairly large with a bunch of sections for any sport you and your family are interested in.  There are a couple of Dick's stores that have a better selection in running shoes (Southpark) and are deemed "shoe specialty locations", sadly this is not one of them, but they do have a lot of selection.On my recent trip in, I was looking for some KT tape and got what I needed.  The color selection was a bit sparse, but the price was right.... the location of what I needed was a little hard to navigate so I did spend some time in the store wandering around like a lost puppy. Usually someone greets you right away when you come in and people are pretty helpful in trying to "get you in and out", but the last trip I couldn't really find anyone to help me.  As a side note, this shopping center has been pretty eerie to visit since Walmart and BestBuy has since relocated.  It doesn't seem that busy, but at least the Dick's has the Guitar Center as a neighbor still.
3	Perhaps I'm a little less of a man because I don't do Dick's. Hrm. Maybe I should rephrase that. Oh well. What I mean to say is that this just isn't my cup of tea. Not that I shop at Bass Pro all that much either, but because of all the glitz and glamour of having an aquarium in your store, there just isn't much to any Dick's, and this one is perhaps less exciting than most.The problem is worse because this shopping center is really on its way down. The Wal-Mart that was here was on its last legs and when it moved out, followed by Max and Erma's and who knows what else, it's like the whole place became a ghost town. I'd say that it's the next Eastland, but who wants to be associated with that mess?It isn't like the store is bad - it's just caught up in a bad place.
3	A little expensive and they didn't have any sweat pants with the elastic at the bottom. It is a pretty big store with a wide variety of sport related stuff. I'm a return customer many times.
