5	Spotted Niki's while out on the street and decided to stop in for lunch.  Got the fried bread taco and it was great.  Good size portion and a friendly staff.  Atmosphere was clean and welcoming with plenty of seating to dine in.  Will be back soon to try the fry bread on one of the many desserts.
5	My family has a tradition of eating fry bread at the State Fair every year.  I usually only eat it there, once a year, because it's dripping with grease and it's super expensive.  Here's the deal.  Niki's isn't greasy, which was quite a pleasant surprise for someone who is expecting a calorie-laden meal.  It's light textured, and totally tasty.  AND, it's not expensive.  My bean and cheese bread was $4.50 I think.  Also, the dessert breads are waaay good and worth the money.  32 ounce drinks are 99 cents.  They also have atypical fry bread toppings like BBQ beef and Philly Cheesesteak, both of which members of my party tried and loved.  You order at the window, then they bring your food to you at your table.  The staff is very friendly, and very awesome.  You can also get take out.It's family friendly, and could be large-group friendly as well.  Dude, just give it a try.  It's in the SE corner plaza of Gilbert/Southern right next to Planned Parenthood.  You can't see it from the street, but it's definitely worth the little bit of looking to find.
4	Phillly cheese steak Indian fry bread was pretty great
5	I was out running errands today along with my sister and mother when it came around to be dinner time. We were sitting in the Target parking lot across the street when I mentioned that I had heard that there was a fry bread place in the plaza across the street. We drove through the plaza, and found Niki's Kitchen, which you can't see from the street. We walked in, to find small restaurant with about 15 tables or so. It was clean and the other people eating there seemed happy and were enjoying their food. We decided to order a few different things and share, which was a GREAT idea. We ordered one with meat, one with beans, and the other as a philly cheese-steak style sandwich. It's hard not to be somewhat skeptical about something that seems so foreign, but we were more than pleasantly surprised. The super friendly workers brought our food to our table, along with a pitcher of water. The fry bread is not nearly as greasy as you would expect, compared to other places like a fair, etc. The philly was served with a jalapeno sauce that was so delicious and the meat was fall apart tender and had lots of oozy cheese. After we had finished eating, and were so full, one of the cooks even brought us a sampling of the different deserts, coconut caramel (our favorite), honey and cinnamon. They were all so very yummy. The best part was walking away with full bellies, knowing that we had great and friendly service from a small family owned super clean place, and we had only spent just over $20! I am so excited to have found such a great place! Take your family and be adventurous, I'm sure that everything is sure to be delicious!
4	Great non-greasy fry bread.  The Philly cheesesteak is both an unusual and delicious option to get initiated into their realm of fry bread.  They also have Polynesian plates on the weekends, and for $10 you get a variety of different dishes (This weekend they had plaintains simmered in coconut milk, taro, vermicelli noodle stir fry similar to pancit, a marinated chicken dish, and a bacon and vegetable dish), as well as a small soda.  It's a great deal, and most likely you will not finish it because they give you a lot of food for your money.
4	Just had a wonderful dinner. The food was good I had the Philly Cheese Steak. My wide got the red beef fry bread. Nothing but good thoughts of this place. nice family owned place.
5	I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by this place. Even reading the good reviews I was expecting greasy fry bread. I have not had too much experience with fry bread, and my husband had never had it until today. We went with my mom and used a groupon I had purchased a few months back that was getting ready to expire. My husband and myself ordered the bean and cheese fry bread taco (the beans are vegetarian), and my mom ordered the red chili and cheese taco. I really liked the bean and cheese taco. Thick, fluffy fry bread topped with mashed beans and cheese. There was not too much cheese and a good amount of beans. It was hot and delicious. There was some hot sauce on the table that I tried as well and it gave the taco a nice kick to go along with the delicious beans. I came in pretty hungry and it filled me right up. The prices are great too. $4.25 for bean and cheese, and $5.25 for the chili and cheese, which my mom also liked. She said this was probably the best fry bread she had ever had. The prices for water and sodas are also really cheap. I was surprised by that. For three tacos and three drinks our total came out to $18 bucks. For a three person lunch that is really reasonable. I was all prepared to give this place four stars, when who I am guessing was the owners daughter comes out and gives us a complimentary plate of desert fry bread. It had a section of different desert fry bread combinations. Powdered sugar, honey, caramel, and cinnamon sugar. I thought that was a nice touch, and every other table received one as well. Really nice people. So this place definitely deserves five stars. Good food, good prices, and good people. What more can you ask for for lunch? You will be seeing us again soon.
5	Never would have even known this was here. Thank you Groupon. I've never been a fan of frybread. Until today!! This place is delicious. The staff were so welcoming and friendly!! Homeade Coconut Caramel? I'm in heaven
5	This is one of my new favorite spots. It's location may not be ideal but wow...was that food good! I had the BBQ fry bread sandwich and my wife had a traditional Indian Taco. The dessert was excellent as well and the staff was very friendly and helpful.
4	Come here with an appetite and clothes you're not afraid to get stained.  For the price of a burger and coke I ordered the red chili fry bread with all the fixings.  What came out was a massive floppy tostada with tons of fixins.  The chili didn't have quite the punch I was expecting but still had a good consistency and flavor.  I tried to fold the entire thing into a taco and here's where the warning of clothing comes in handy as the fry bread cannot handle this amount of pressure and the other end disgorged much of its contents, giving me a chili spatter shower.  I found the best way to eat it was to cut into quadrants and devour by hand-held sections, fork and knife seemed way too inefficient.The dessert fry bread with powdered sugar was awesome.  The only thing I will remember for next time, just because I'm a bit of a honey snob, is to bring my own from home as the honey provided tastes a bit plain and could definitely use a notch above its station for the quality of fry bread being eaten.
2	Warning: Serious gut buster, proceed with caution!I would never have tried a place like this had it not been given so many glowing reviews (and it's close to work).  And to my chagrin, it was exactly what I expected.  Think lunch truck cuisine in a strip mall setting and you've just about nailed it.The fry bread on the bbq beef sandwich was neither soft nor fluffy, it came across as a thicker, staler version of the chalupa tortilla at Taco Bell.  The meat tasted like that tub of pre-made bbq beef you can buy at the grocery store.  Inside the restaurant it's as you'd expect, strip mall chic. Looking past the register into the kitchen it looked disorganized, the staff disheveled (although very nice and polite).The dessert fry bread wasn't any better, same stiff tough texture under a sea of powdered sugar.Would not go back, would not recommend.
5	Had dinner here on Friday. I will be back! It was delicious :)I had the Meat, cheese and green chill and my boyfriend ordered the Philly Cheese steak. Service was fast, the young lady who took our order was very friendly and helpful. The food was really delicious, the fry bread was some of the best I've had the texture was perfect. Mine was filled with just the right amount of ingredients. I like to be able to hold my food and eat it, not spill it all over the place the first time I pick it up. I also noticed it wasn't too greasy which was a nice surprise!
5	Okay, I have to preface my review with the fact that I'm addicted to this place...I'm very biased. @Andrew, I think you might not be familiar with Indian Fry Bread...if you were, you would not, I mean NOT, compare it to Taco Bell's. You might be thinking of a tostado, or another crispy confection, but Indian Fry Bread is NOT supposed to be crispy or chalupa like...lol.  I believe if you order BBQ on fry bread, you can't truly appreciate fry bread as it's meant to be eaten.  Go again, just get the beans and make it deluxe.I don't eat meat and I LOVED that their beans were "made" for me. I get the Bean & Cheese Deluxe all the time. The beans are tasty, the bread was made just right (like a true fry bread), the vegetables and salsa were fresh. There is too much to eat in one-sitting, but I do try : ) They have daily specials, so you should call if you want something specific. They specials include Green Chile Chicken and the Green Chile Beef which my sister and nephew, respectively, have tried and really enjoyed. When they don't have these as specials, my nephew gets the Red Chile Beef Deluxe and he saves half for the next day because he likes the taste even better. I really recommend this place, the food is great and the staff polite. Don't plan on eating anything else...you will be tempted to buy a dessert one, but you won't be able to eat it. Ask them to separate the dessert toppings and you can fix it later (about two days later, since you will still be full).
3	I went there the other day.  I grew up very close to an Indian reservation, and had lots of fry bread growing up, so was more excited to see this.  We got the red chilli with refried beans, lettuce and sour cream.  It was surprisingly......tasteless.  Fry bread was good, the desert one was good too, but the red chili needs more spices, a alot more.  Service was very good too.  Very limited hours open though.
5	I think this is the same place I went to but they recently moved to 816 S. Stapley Dr. in Mesa. I've never had fry bread before - we tried the green chili chicken deluxe style and it was SO good! Generous portion sizes (neither of us eat a lot at once compared to most people, but we both had our fill and I took home left overs). Delish!
5	Okay, so I use to live on a reservation in Washington state. The tribe could smoke a mean salmon, but the local frybread joint left me not a big fan. However, thanks to Groupon and other Yelp reviewers, I got a taste for some. I'm glad I did because this place changed my overall opinion. Pros: For being frybread, it was not greasy at all. There is a variety of choices from vegetarian to desserts. Here is what members of our group had - BBQ beef and cheese frybread, two red chile frybread tacos, a side salad, and sweet frybread with honey and powdered sugar. YUM!Cons: The new location is in a rundown area and located next to a liquor store. Plastic utensils just don't cut it here. I ended up tearing my food apart.  Also, nobody acknowledged us when we came in and sat down. We weren't sure if someone would take our order or if we had to go to the counter because we hadn't been there before.  As long as you go in not expecting anything fancy and over the top, you won't be disappointed. It's a family owned restaurant with faithful customers (we were greeted by one when we accidentally went to their old location). All four of us left full and satisfied with our meals.
5	Excellent Fry Bread!Great little place.  The staff is super friendly, and the desert fry bread with ice cream & coconut carmel syrup is divine!On the weekends, they offer their poly-plate (polynesian food).  It is super delicious!  Go try it out!
5	What a great place. I have been here a few times and tried the: Philly Cheese, polly plate, Carmel coconut sweet bread. they were all very good. I have told so many friends and family about this place and have had no complainants from anyone.seemed to be family owned and operated. Staff on all levels was great very friendly and helpful.
5	Very happy i found a place that finally held up to its reviews. I am very picky and the delicious fry bread hit the spot. Tons of unique kinds and the jalapeno dip was perfect! Definitely a must check out!!
5	This is a new favorite place! We bought a groupon for Niki's and WOW we were not disappointed. I read the reviews and we went on a Friday night so were able to try the Polynenias plate. Was different than the menu but was very good we also had a green chili  and red chili fry bread. They were both so good I couldn't say which one was our favorite. Grabbed 2 dessert fry breads to take home with all the leftovers. The portions are big and the meat is super tender. I would highly recommend this place to everyone. Can't wait to go back again! YUM!! The staff was very friendly and helpful :)
5	Visited twice lately, both times excellent service and really good food.  We have had no experience with fry bread so weren't sure how to rate it after trying it the first time.  We just knew it was something we liked a lot.  So today we took our friends who lived in New Mexico many years and have had plenty of fry bread, and they said it is real good, some of the best they've had.  Have had the red chili meat taco and the Philly steak sandwich.  Yum!  My friend had the green chili chicken taco today, had lots of chilis, she loved it!  The restaurant is simple and clean.  Very friendly service.
5	So I was stuck on this fry bread deal in Arizona and my girlfriend came out to visit me, so I looked up this place and we went to try it out. I ordered the red chili fry bread and my girlfriend ordered the Philly cheese fry bread. The Red Chili fry bread was awesome! The fry bread was fluffy and the portion was great! I am amazed on something like this taste so good! They add all the good toppings, beans, cheese, lettuce, tomoatos, and salsa. It was very tasty and the red chili beef was cooked really well and tender and moist. Definitely a 5 star on that one.If you like steak and cheese then get the philly cheese one. Cant go wrong with cheese and steak on a fry bread? Think of that combo? It tasted great! Put some salsa on it and that was great also! Good thing my girlfriend can only finish half of one and I could eat the rest. Both of then you cannot go wrong. It all tasted really great!I recommend this place if your in the area.
2	subpar. i ordered the philly cheesesteak. the sauce they used was nasty. the bread was good. my wife ordered the bean and cheese and it was much better. we also got a cinnamon/sugar frybread. it was ok. i dunno. overall, it was like fair food but based on the reviews here i was expecting much more . maybe people on this side of town are deprived of good restaurants. :)
5	I've been here about 4-5 times and I've loved it each time.  I came the first time because of a groupon and it is just plain good.  The taste of the fry bread is delicious!  It isn't greasy which I like.  I've always gotten the deluxe...it has beans, cheese, lettuce, salsa, sour cream, tomato.  It's truly delicious!! One time I ordered the dessert fry bread with ice cream. lt was divine, but I was too full after eating both dinner and dessert so I usually just skip the dessert.
4	Scrum diddly! 2 of us ate for $21I had the red chile w cheese-- added the lettuce, sour cream, onion and tomatoes. We split the honey/powdered sugar fry bread. Tons of food! Friendly and quick service. Hard to find, literally right off Stapley in an odd shopping plaza. Don't let that deter you!It is nothing fancy, just yummy food!!
4	This was my first time here at this restaurant and also first time trying fry bread in a restaurant. Normally I wait for the state fair to get my fix of fry bread but my friend came in from Out of town and he was not very familiar with fry bread so we looked this place up and it seemed interesting. The actual restaurant seems like its under construction??? like they are still working on organizing it or whatever. Didn't really mind because i just came here to eat! We ordered the original fry bread with chili beans cheese, open face deluxe with the veggies and sour cream. I enjoyed it sooooo much. The ingredients tasted really fresh!and i left with a food coma. :)the staff was also really friendly which is always a plus :)I will definitely be coming back here!!
4	I wanted to take my friend from Florida for fry bread so she could have something uniquely Arizona. Lo and behold, a Groupon for Niki's appeared just a couple weeks before her visit.Our dinner at Niki's ended up being the last of her trip, and it was a great ending. My friend and husband loved their red chile frybreads, and my husband also liked the special of the day, a green chili chicken frybread. My bean and cheese frybread reminded me of the navajo tacos that I ate while skiing at Sunrise. Just as good as the res. I was bummed our server forgot the sour cream and salsa that came with ours, but the Tapatio on the table helped.My friend decided she had to get dessert, and instead of going with the traditional honey, she got her frybread with coconut caramel and ice cream. Let me tell you, that coconut caramel is amazingly good. The vanilla ice cream wasn't even necessary. I could eat that caramel by the (very sticky) handful.
5	We had saw a groupon for Niki's and decide to check it out. The place is in a tiny complex next to a barber shop. From the outside it doesn't look like much but inside it's pretty roomy, very clean, and decorated nicely. We ordered the special, green chicken chili fry bread for $6.50 and made it open faced for $1 more. It was a little spicy but very good. We also ordered a kids fry bread with red chili and cheese ($3.99 I think?). It was huge! Not sure if we got the right portion size but it was delicious! I liked the red chili best but both were excellent! For dessert we ordered a fry bread with coconut caramel and ice cream. It was amazing!!!! I would stop by for a dessert fry bread alone! Overall the experience was great. We came a little later on a weeknight and even though I'm sure they wanted to start closing up we didn't feel rushed at all. There menu says they offer various Polynesian plates on Fridays and Saturdays so we are sure to be back to taste that. We will definitely be visiting Niki's again!
5	My partner and I discovered Niki's Kitchen in February through a groupon and chose to visit the restaurant for a Valentine's day lunch. I've only eaten fry-bread at the Tucson Meet Yourself festival and at carnivals, so this was my first time eating one at a restaurant.I ordered a red chili fry-bread that was decked out with all the offered veggies and toppings. My partner ordered something that was akin to a Philly cheese steak in fry-bread form. My dish had a very fresh feeling and was quite tasty. The Philly fry-bread was chock full of flavor. I preferred the juicy taste of the Philly, but both dishes were quite good. I'd also like to mention that the portions were large, so I was able to take some of my leftovers home to enjoy later.The interior itself was very homey and inviting. We were greeted warmly, so I felt very welcome. The dishes were brought out to us in a timely manner, and we were asked a few times about anything we might have needed. Suffice it to say, it was a good experience and given the opportunity, I would gladly go again.
5	LOVE this place. The people are great, and while the place might be small, it definitely doesn't take away from the feeling.
3	Went for a bit of a late lunch on Saturday.  There was no one in the restaurant.  Was happy to see that the beans are made with no lard.  Tried a bean and cheese fry bread.  The price was spot on - around $5 and the size was decent.  It is $1 more if you want lettuce, tomato, sour cream.The taste was just okay.  Not much flavor going on.  I dipped it in the salsa provided but still thought it was just okay.Because of the amount of fat and calories in this item and the fact that it didn't blow my mind... I won't likely be back.
5	Great food and service!! Small family owned place...don't forget to tip especially  if u stay to enjoy the a/c...hope Niki and Jessie forgive me for not having $$$ to when i was their on a friday night, i came back when I had more cash :). Thanks!
4	Not being a big fan of fry bread, so I was a little hesitant to try this place.  But based on other reviews and a friend's recommendation I figured I'd give it a try.  Wow, am I glad that I did!  I strayed from the typical fry bread toppings and got the grilled chicken. I was impressed with the flavor of the chicken and the bread mad a good compliment to the rest of the toppings.  I will definitely be going back and trying some of their other selections.
5	Tried fry bread for the first time. It was like being at the fair without the grease hangover. The bean and cheese one was great, and the honey and sugar sweet one excellent as well. Don't let the sketchy neighborhood deter you. It's worth it!
5	Found Niki's on Yelp while traveling and glad we did!  One of the best Indian Fry Breads I have ever had. My wife and I both had a Green Chili Pork Fry Bread (loaded version), which was a special of the day. Based on other reviews, we shared a Coconut Caramel Dessert Fry Bread sprinkled with powdered sugar. It was fabulous!!  The place comes off as a bit of a dive, but it is super clean and the people are very friendly. For any doubters, while we were there an Arizona Health Inspector was inconspicuously doing an inspection. She let us know that Niki's nailed a PERFECT score!
5	This place was truly a hidden gem! We came late one night and my party ordered the philly, the green chili pork ( I honestly don't remember the name), and I had the meat and cheese. In total, about $21. Mine was delicious, and like some others mentioned here... NO GREASE hangover! I tried some of the philly and it was amazing, and that jalapeno sauce was truly great! I could eat it alone.... the pork frybread, however was a little bit too salty and was the worst dish we ordered. That being said, it was still delicious. I would recommend this place to anyone, and I definitely recommend ordering the philly! The only thing that I should warn you about is that their frybread is a little  denser than what I have had before.
4	Another establishment I visited after reading the amazing reviews and it did not disappoint. Interior is small but clean and there was only a group of 6 that was there when I arrived so it wasn't busy. The group was placing their order before mine but despite the large order ahead of mine, service was quick and prompt. I got my order to go to share and ordered the red chili meat, beans & cheese deluxe style and powdered sugar and honey fry bread for dessert. They are very generous with their portion. I ate half of my fry bread and was so full. The dessert fry bread was delicious and very large. The fry bread itself had a decent flavor and it is fluffy and delicious. The overall flavor was a great mix, nothing too overpowering and a great mix of ingredients. The only thing was I wish the red chili meat had more flavor on its own. It's very subtle and couldn't really taste the red chili too much. I'm definitely going back to try the philly cheese steak fry bread!
1	Sad to report that this place is closed to the public. Tried to stop here today and they had signs all over saying that they only cater??
5	Great service. Better fry bread. We got a chicken sandwich. Big enough for two. Good enough it to share though. We were treated with a sample of the coconut Carmel sweet fry bread. It was super good.
4	Such a sad day I drove over to get my favorite food and saw a sign in the website they are no longer open except for catering :(
