5	My appliance guy provides  reliable, fast and friendly service. My washer was stopping midway thru my rinse cycle and Mario was able to come to my house to look at it right away. Having children, I was worried my laundry was going to pile up or that I was going to buy a new washer but thanks to my appliance guy I didn't have to wait long before my washer was working like new. If you want an experienced appliance repairman I recommend my appliance guy 100%. Thanks my appliance guy!
5	When I can't find anything wrong, I give a five.  And Mario does everything right...from quick, on-time service to explaining exactly what he proposes to do!It's sure nice to find a small, independant repairman who truly believes in customer service!  Reasonable rates, too.
1	Well, I would not call this service......after waiting for a complete day to have my refrigerator serviced, Mario came by to take a look.  He moved my refrigerator to the side and claimed that the area around the coils needed to be cleaned (albeit that they had been cleaned in May 2012).  He did request an additional $40 for his service.  The refrigerator is not working, what am I to say......Finally he cleaned the coils and then made another recommendation that the water line be replaced by him for $20.00.  He was unable to find the water line, so much for the additional expenditure.He said that he believed that it should operate efficiently, but the compressor may need to be replaced and to wait a day.  After one day, two trips later to buy dry ice and $$$ worth of spoiled food, he claimed to the service company - Platinum Home Warranty that my refrigerator was neglected.  Hello, it was cleaned and serviced last May, not exactly neglect.Considering that I am recovering from surgery and must have the refrigerator in working order, I was not too excited to find out that I cannot leave the house, but now must find a new refrigerator.He would not even answer my call to find out the status of his presumed second visit.He not only solicited me for additional services outside of the $60.00 service call, he even solicited for his friend Marco the plumber.Next time I hope to have a repairman who can get it right the first time!
5	Called Mario over the holidays - he said he was booked solid and was leaving for the week but see what he could do to get us in.  He squeezed us in was very personable and fixed our washer.  Hard to find honest reliable people these days - would recommend
5	We loved how quick Mario was able to come out to take a look at our fridge! He was very helpful and got our fridge working right away. You can't beat the prices either! We'll be using them for all of our appliance repairs.
5	Mario's a good man who knows his stuff. We were very pleased with the service he provided and would highly recommend him to anyone who has appliance repair needs. Also, and I share this because it's something I'd like to know, yes- there is an initial $59 charge to come out and assess the situation, but if further service is required it's just included in the total cost, it's not an additional charge. So our repair cost $100 and he charged just $100, not $159. It's worth it, too! Great service and knowledge from a real guy. You don't find this often. Don't read anymore reviews. Call him now!
5	I was given Mario's name from our dependable AC guy.  I have called Mario 3 times and every time he has been prompt, honest and has corrected the problem.  He would tell me what things were going to cost up front, including parts, so there were no surprises.   He has fixed a garbage disposal (caused by a poorly wired outlet). He also fixed the ice maker in my fairly new Samsung French door refrigerator and the control panel in my other fairly new whirlpool duet.  Things aren't made like the once were....luckily I have found a great repair man.   I will be calling him tomorrow, again.
2	Learn customer service!I had a 10am-1pm appt time, said he would call prior to coming out. I waited at home all day and finally called at 1220, no answer. I called again at 1240, Mario answered and said he said he called earlier in the day and left a message.. I received no call. I told him that and he told me to, "go check your messages" in a very rude tone. I stayed home from work to take this service call, thanks for wasting almost an entire day.I later received a call back and he stated that he now realized he called the wrong number; I know you did, too late. I went with Wrights Appliance Repair. Awesome. Why 2 stars and not 1.. I don't know how his actual 'appliance service' is...
5	Such great customer service! Mario walked me through cleaning my coils over the phone for $0! My refrigerator is working fabulously and it didn't cost me a cent. The other companies I called offered to come out the next day for a $65 diagnostic fee but never suggested I see how dirty my coils were! I'm a customer for life and Mario is in my phone. I'll never call anyone else!
5	Bill came out on Thanksgiving eve as our fridge/freezer just wasn't cooling properly. His diagnosis was a leaking sealed system (which turned out to be spot on). Unfortunately, he wasn't able to fix it that day, and Mario (the owner) came out on Monday to do it. He did some very slick welding on some broken and leaking tubing and the appliance is back to it's cold best.Highly recommend these guys - polite, courteous and know their stuff!!
1	Mario did a great job on the dishwasher.   HOWEVER, when repairing a lamp that originally cost $339.00 was broken, Mario offered to replace it.   New lamp cost $149.00 and we were told that he would take the cost of the repair for the lamp he broke, from this price.   Hmmmm so I pay to fix a lamp that you  broke?
