4	This was the best poutine I've ever eaten in my entire life. I should qualify this by saying that while I've eaten a lot of poutine in my day, I'd hesitate to call myself an "aficionado" in the realm of fries topped with gravy and cheese.That said, this was damn good. The kind of good where you take one bite and immediately realize how amazing it is. You chew franticly and swallow so you can tell the person across from you what they already - this is the best poutine you've ever had in your life.It's a kitschy little place with table top illustrations featuring video games and sports. They've got waiters who wear golf shirts with the restaurant's logo and serve their beverages in those classic fogged plastic cups. And I wouldn't change that for anything. The atmosphere is definitely a huge part of the experience.With my poutine I had a serving of smoked meat with slaw and a pickle and can attest to the fact that the portions are big (and perfect). It might be a lot for an average eater, but if you're big on quantity, this is the place.Oh and lastly, the food came within 5 minutes of ordering - I'm not exaggerating even a little about that. I'll let you decide whether that's a pro or a con.So to recap - fun atmosphere, fast service, delicious food and poutine you'd kill for.
5	Straight and to the point --- Totally delicious smoked meat sandwich. Don't care if its not the best rated by the connoisseurs of smoked meat. All you need to know is that its delicious and that matters more than the slight nuance of flavor differentiation the connoisseurs will bicker about. Nice atmosphere, huge portions and good wait staff even when it was busy. I went there twice during my 4 day trip!
4	Visited this place based on the other reviews.  With the stress on smoked meat we were a little leery but decided to try it since it was a Montreal "tradition".  Anyways we should not have been worried, it exceeded expectations.  The restaurant, like Montreal, is from another era.  For both the city and the restaurant this is a good thing.  We were seated very quickly and frankly it took more time for us to read the menu than it did for the food to be delivered.  We ordered the large platter and asked that the fries be converted to poutine.  Bear in mind that smoked meat is basically pastrami.  This is very good pastrami.  For the most part it was very lean and tender.  The platter was served with several pieces of white bread which we used to build sandwiches with mustard.  In retrospect we should have ordered it with the melted swiss cheese though it was plenty good without it.  We ordered a second and there was none left when we were done.With regard to the poutine it was very good.  It was not as salty as other places which is just as well since you can add that to taste. We will visits again when we are next in Montreal.
4	On our trip to Montreal, we decided that we HAD to try smoked meat and poutine....we just had to.We had walked by Dunn's several times and finally the craving hit us in the late evening.  First, the restaurant is open crazy hours...we didn't have to worry about being kicked out because it was after 10 pm.We shared poutine and then I had a smoked meat sandwich, while my husband had the meat platter.This was our very first pouine (!)  and it was divine.  The gravy and curds mixed with the fries were just wonderful. The gravy had great flavor, the texture of the cheese was good...I could have eaten another bowl of this stuff!  I couldn't get enough of it - but I knew I had a large sandwich coming.I don't know what we were necessarily expecting...but we were pleasantly surprised by both meals.  We ordered the "normal" meat - not the really fatty or not the really lean.  The meat was tender, had great flavor and, although simple, very satisfying. My husband loved all the meats on his plate...while the dish came with bread, he didn't want to waste any space on the carbs and just slayed all the meat.Definitely a great stop in our short visit.
2	My boyfriend and I went to this restaurant late at night to try the poutine and the smoked meat sandwich.  I was sucked in by all the rave reviews that I felt that there was no alternative to Dunn's for late night poutine.  Needless to say, it wasn't very outstanding.  I've never tried poutine, but I imagine this to be a standard fare.  The smoked meat sandwich was unremarkable as well.  I left the restaurant feeling greasy and with an unsettled stomach.  Next time, I'm trying Reuben's.
3	If you have been to Toronto Dunn's, forget it. This is a different place, the only thing they may have in common is the name. Menu, prices, service, everything here is from another planet. Is totally worth a visit. I'll split this review in "FOOD" and "SERVICE" so it'll make more sense. FOOD: FIVE SHINY STARSI was going to have something like a salad, but, it's a deli, right? Let's ask for their deli plate. For 12 bucks you'll eat until you'll explode (and I shared the plate with husband) and I had the most awesome cole slaw of my entire existence. The platter also includes cornichons, peppers, sausages, green tomatoes, bell peppers, bread, I'd say it's big enough for three. SERVICE: ONE FADING STAR, AND I'M BEING AWESOMEThe service simply doesn't exist. I don't know why I had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated, as the place was EMPTY and there were at least three waiters working on something (cleaning? cashier?)  CONCLUSION: (5+1)/2=3 OK Stars. I could give bonus points for cheap and good drinks, but, nah. Serve me better next time, dude.
3	Ah, the Montreal pattern: good food, so-so service.Aside from that, I don't have much to add to Renata R.'s review, as we went there together and had almost the same opinion of the place. It's definitely VERY different from Toronto Dunn's, in that's a much lower-key, traditional place.It's worth a visit to know what's it all about, but don't expect anything stellar.
4	A common thread I've seen in the reviews I've read about most Montreal restaurants is that food quality may vary, but service is almost universally poor. I'm happy to report that I got both great food and good service at Dunns.Based on what fellow Yelpers recommended, I tried the smoked meat sandwich and poutine. The sandwich was delicious. The sides were top-notch. The poutine was among the best I've had in Montreal. The portions were big and the quality didn't suffer for it.The service was prompt, helpful, and friendly. Beginning to end, a good experience.
3	The smoked meat sandwich I had was excellent, it was basically like a corned beef sandwich if you are unfamiliar. Also the french onion soup I had the next day was good too. Lots and lots of gruyere!The place was just kind of dark and greasy though. The general ambiance kind of depressed me. Would love one of those sandwiches right now though...
3	This place was dead when we arrived 9AM on Monday. But like the Dunn's in Ottawa this place serves breakfast food 24/7 and the portions are big, two of us ate from omelet order.Atmosphere was great and since they weren't that busy service was excellent.
3	Psyched to try classics.Sad to learn: cold cheese poutine.Smoked meat's just deli.
4	This is a great diner to hit, (rather than Nickels)...one of the better smoked meat spots within walking distance right downtown...family restaurant, good for kids, and yummy food.  (yummy is french for tasty)If you are visiting Montreal and staying downtown, definitely stop by for lunch!
3	Went here for dinner while visiting Montreal. As my wife was not feeling well, we cancelled plans to find crepes and I took the kids to the nearest restaurant that would be kids friendly. We stayed at the Hilton Bonaventure, so it was only about a  8 minute walk.While it was pretty jammed for 8 p.m. on a Friday night, they managed to sit us in 5 minutes, which is great if you have kids that are hungry.While the Cesear salad arrive quickly, our dinners probably took at least 10 more minutes after we finished the salad. The salad was average, but I did find it odd that they used that weird fake bacon. I mean, isn't this a meat-lovers haven?The super sized sandwich is BIG. I could barely find the bread to hold the thing together. The taste was pretty good, but I found it a slight bit drier than other places. The coleslaw was a disappointment, which for me is really important. Hardly any taste at all.The kids were happy enough with their hot dog and spaghetti. Overall, a pretty safe bet for a family with kids if you can't find better options.
5	Great food and great atmosphere it's a lot of food to inhale at one time but a great way to enjoy the food that montreals about
4	Great food.  Good job with the smoked meat. Their fries are excellent as well.  They have TVs all over the place for watching sports.
4	It's like Denny's in the states, but they have poutine and smoked meat! What else do you expect service wise? Definitely hit the spot late night/early morning after going out. Service is typical of any 24/hr coffeshop type of joint.  Completely acceptable imo.
3	Came here for lunch with friends to try the smoked meat in Montreal that everyone boasts about. It turns out it is pretty good but not as good as Katz deli in New York. Although you can rest assured the fries in Montreal is consistant in being pretty good so it works well as an ensemble dish. We were doubly happy that this place has free wifi see that Montreal treats wifi like a high commodity.
3	3.5 exactlyA very good place for late dinner, open 24/7! very large menu, everything is good, tasty and huge... just be carefull... eating sooo much late in night exposes you to stomach upset during your sleep... Choose well, eat well... do not finish your plate... better keep some of your food for early morning as a breakfast if you are still hungry!!
4	The classic club is quite a delight as is the classic, the smoked meat. The club is made with the same fresh bread as the smoked meat. The club sandwich itself was a bit dry but a little mayo does the trick. Definitely try this spot out!!!Solo style hater!!!!
4	Great smoked meat sandwiches! I split two of them during my two days in Montreal. The first time during the day - the second at 4 AM! They are open 24 hours - what more could you ask for?
4	Friendly staff and yummy food... didn't try the smoked meat but apparently that gets rave reviews. Pizza was pretty good, but really salty (?), which was weird for a pizza. Still decent, but unless you're looking for overtly salty food I would avoid it or ask beforehand. We also liked the Halloween decorations and general inviting/casual ambiance of the place. My only complaint was the downstairs bathrooms - total dump - no mirror and one working toilet. Supposedly they are under renovation so I would just avoid altogether if you can.
2	Not a bad place for smoked meat. However, for the price I paid, I was expecting just a bit more. I ordered the smoked meat and chicken sandwich combination. The smoked meat was a bit dry. The stuffed chicken was still cold (as if someone had just pulled out of a fridge). Fries were great though (hot, fresh, and ample amounts). The coleslaw and pickle were good (nothing special). Portion wise, I was expecting a bit more smoked meat.Service was a bit slow at times (long wait to get seated and ordering, but quick for the food and bill). The bathroom is a disaster (couldn't even find soap), and the decor is getting old (tape over couches, and a layer of dirt and grime on the tables.Overall, if you're looking for a place to get smoked meat (or any food for that matter; the menu is huge) in the middle of the night (after a night out; this place is opened 24 hours), this is not a bad option. If you are looking for good quality smoked meat, this is not your place. In fact, try the Dunn's in the west island. I found that one has better smoked meat and better service all together.
4	Delicious classic smoked meat
4	After having my Poutine I was set on having some more Montreal delicacies, so i went on the hunt for the smoked meats. I arrived at Dunn's Famous Steakhouse Delicatessen, I just finished my workout and I was looking to mange. I looked at the menu and i was instantly drawn to the smoked meat sandwich and the reuben sandwich. After all the contemplation I sealed the deal with the Reuben sandwich which had pumpernickel bread loaded with smoked meat and sauerkraut, coleslaw with a pickle, and a beautiful poutine. I found the food very delicious, the smoked meat was amazing with the sauerkraut. A great blend with the pumpernickel. The only reason it didnt reach the 5 star mark is because I already tried a poutine from La Belle Province and concluded that Dunn's poutine was inferior to La Belle's. Overall a great diner and dinner. I would definitely recommend this place, especially since I hear that its open 24/7.
5	great smoked meat place (ask for medium).. right downtown / next to the movie theatre.... in and out in less than 1 hour.. reasonably priced.. nice / fast service...
5	Service was excellent and quick, food was delicious and not expensive.
4	a good plate of spaghetti bolognese served in 5 minutes with lot of sauce at 2AM!! fabulous!
3	The food is just okay but it's a Montreal institution so it is worth going to after a night out.Smoked Meat Sandwich - Not impressive but this is what they are known for and this is your cup of tea, then more power to you. Personally, I found it a bit bland though it was easy to eat. Poutine - This was much better. Completely unhealthy but a hearty option.
4	You don't go for the ambience, which is dated but somehow appropriate for this iconic establishment. Been here many times and you can never go wrong with the traditional smoked meat sandwich.
4	I took my wife and our two boys here for a taste of classic Montreal. Everybody was really pleased with their meals. The portions were generous --- especially the kids meals. They were both large enough to satisfy any adult.I had the classic smoked meat sandwich with poutine on the side. The smoked meat was really good but not the best I ever had. The poutine was decadent with lots of real cheese curds and fresh cut fries. I couldn't finish it despite how much I liked it.Prices were very reasonable with the adult meals in the $12 to $16 range and the kids meals at $5.95. Great family spot.
4	When I travel I want to eat in a local place, not a chain or a tourist trap.  We were in the business district within walking distance of Old Town, Chinatown and museums and asked the front desk for a local restaurant.  Dunn's they said, a local chain with good food and good prices.They were right about that!  Think NYC Jewish deli meets 24 Jersey diner with big menu at good prices.  Smoked meat is a Canadian obsession and theirs is an excellent example.  Moist, lightly smoked brisket on rye with fries, slaw and a pickle, who could ask for more?  Sorry, no Dr. Brown's soda.This is not Texas smoked, but milder with great flavor and tenderness.  The menu covers just about everything including pizza and poutine, fries, cheese curds and gravy plus multitudes of variations.  Didn't try it on this trip, but poutine is another obsession, right up there with hockey.My daughter had a medium burger which she said was correctly cooked, juicy and flavorful.They, like most of the restaurants in our trip had at least a beer and wine license.  Hear that Jersey?Well worth the trip.
1	Just came back and will never return....STAY AWAY1. Roof leaking and dripping on nearby tables - warning number 12. Floor sticky and looking like they have not been mopped for some time - warning 23. Fly in salad unfortunately found half way through. Apologies from wait staff, no manager to be found, offer of a free desert.4. Soggy paper in pasta found in first few bitesNeedless to say, we left. Again, no Manager to be found, just a dirty, filthy restaurant.Will NOT come back!
4	DunnsMy first exposure to Dunns was when I lived in Ottawa.  The Dunn's on Elgin was one of my favourite places to eat.  When I moved back to Toronto there was a Dunn's at Empress Walk.  It lasted a few years, but Torontonians never warmed up to Montreal smoked meat - shame on them.So on our family vacation to Montreal, we had the opportunity to dine at the original Dunn's.  To me, this is like the Holy Grail of Dunn's locations.  Going in, I was surprised just how small it was given the size of the other locations we had been to.  Still its not size that matters, its how the food tastes.I had the Super Smoked Meat Sandwich, and my wife had the Classic Club.  The kids split chicken fingers and a cheese pizza amongst the three of them.  Our food arrived, then I had a mixed experience.  My smoked meat sandwich was good.  However my recent smoked meat at Brisket Montreal (Salon Krausmann) was better.  The fries were ok, but as memory serves me the fries at the other Dunns locations were just ok as well.My wife gave her lunch a 7 out of 10, and the kids were very happy with the pizza, and the chicken fingers got an ok.The detractor of the meal was the table beside us.  The general manager of the Dunns chain was there with a salesperson, discussing their television advertising plan.  I didn't need to hear two loud talkers during most of my meal.  Management should know better and should discuss plans in their office.
3	I went here two times during my week in Montreal.  The first time I ordered the smoked meat sandwich and poutine.  The sandwich was rather bland, nothing to write home over, but the poutine parisienne was really good.  Another night I ordered the pasta alfredo....it was horrible!!!  It was bland, tasteless, for $16 came with no salad or piece of bread, it was like spaghetti with Elmer's Glue.  I wouldn't recommend that dish, there are other places you can go for much better pasta!The service was so-so.  I ordered to go both times and the waitress was attentive enough, but as I sat there watched the wait staff play and text with their phones.  Hilarious.  This Dunn's is also located right next to a XXX massage parlor....just an FYI if you're thinking about brining the kids lol.
4	My family and I have been indulging in Dunns smoked meat for years now and the food has never let us down. The meat is so soft it falls apart in your mouth and the fries are fantastic. Order a smoked meat platter, drizzle some vinegar over your fries, eat and enjoy. We just came back from Montreal and it's been about 4 years apart from my last time here and I remember the portions of food being larger. Or was I just smaller? Nonetheless the smoked meat is the best around in my opinion and I highly recommend grabbing a plate of Montreal's finest when you visit the city.Also be sure to try a piece of their famous strawberry cheesecake!
3	Great smoked meat.  Could prefer more meat - not as great since the menu change but still delicious.  The service is great and the fries are crisp.  The Poutine could use some work. The portions are surprisingly small versus other smoked meat places...
4	I was told that Dunn's sandwich is a regional favorite and, if that's true, it's easy to understand why. I mean, wow. Perfectly cooked brisket with the right amount of smoke. Served on rye bread with a side of steak frites, cole slaw, and a pickle. I got the "petit" size but ordered the meat with "more fat than lean." This is my idea of balance in life. :-) There's more than sandwiches on the menu  -- pizza, pasta, and burgers are served too. I was very pleased that I took the suggestion to try Dunn's.
3	While I tend to mostly just end up in places during my Montreal visits, I always make it a point to go to Dunn's. The fact that it's 24-hours makes that easy. However I am SUPER PISSED that the peppercorn poutine (Poutine Parisienne) is not on the menu anymore. While I still will come here, I won't look forward to it as much. I used to have dreams about that poutine.
3	Yelp's average of 3.5 is how I feel about this place.  Another smoked meat place, but they're open 24 hours!!!!  Awesome.  If you needed a place to eat in the middle of the night... this is the place I'd go.   I actually had the smoke meat fried rice.  Random I know... but that's just what called out to me at 4am in the morning.  Lots and lots of flavor in this particular dish.   Typically, the ingredients in fried rice don't have this overwhelming amount of flavor.  But with those smoked meats, it makes this dish super intense with flavors.  (maybe too much?)   it's garnished with cubes of tomatoes which I actually really wish they added more of.  The tomatoes helped sweeten each bite of the fried rice.  Also tried the chicken noodle soup, it was "okay".  Noodles were kinda thin and clumped all together. The initial service was  SUPER ... but they were VERY very busy.  I can kinda forgive them for that.  As the meal progressed, they were a lot more attentive.
3	Good smoked meat.  Can get full fat.  Do get full fat.  Fat.... mmm... fatty fatty fat fatt...
5	Tried the house special poutine with their famous smoked meat. Was very delicious!!Plus they're opened 24hrs.. Fixed the late night crave!
4	I was in Montreal for "medical tourism" with family and this restaurant was right next to the pharmacy for their medicine.  I had to wait for prescription and was walking so I ate here right next door.   I had a thai salad with grilled chicken which was excellent and went back to buy a gift of a box of their smoked meat, frozen, and it is what we in the states call pastrami, really good, steamed up great, I will back to Montreal and Dunn's Famous!!!!
