4	Always a fan of an L and L Hawaiian Barbeque and now I have one right around the corner! :)  Order the chicken katsu and you won't go wrong!  Tonight I picked up some BBQ chicken, chicken katsu and some spam musubi.Typical order right?Hope this location does great!  Same great food!
4	Food as always is delicious the place was busy busy and short staffed but they were doing a good job.  Warning its worse that dinning inside a McDonald's play pin. So many screaming kids.
5	Yay! They're finally open in the former Shari's Shiny Diner.  Stop in for the grand opening special - buy 1 get 1 50% off, which is also valid for to-go orders.  It's an after thought to most, but their mac salad tastes much much better than other L & L's.  The phone # isn't readily available on yelp or their website yet, so here you go:  (702)869-9898.
5	Love the dinner style decor, different from back home and the rest here.  Food is great!
1	More fat than meat.  Had spicy chicken & beef combo.  Flavor was good, but quality of meat was as bad as it gets.  I asked for recommendation when I ordered, I can't imagine anything worse.  I will need to go someplace else to eat, only 25% of the meat was edible.  Other reviews must have been written by owners or workers there.  Unable to recommend this to anyone but the family dog.
4	If you are looking for a simple healthier meal that is fast, L & L has you covered. They have great BBQ Chicken and pork. Oh and spam! You can call ahead and just pick up your order to go too.
4	Yay! Finally a Hawaiian BBQ place closer to where I live. I hated driving so far just to get some from Maui Rose on Tropicana. Apparently this place had been under construction and is now RE-OPEN. The restaurant is huge and roomy with the old American diner look. You have the option of sitting by the counter on stools or in the little booths with the cushion chairs! There was AC too so I felt supeeer comfy. The menu they have offer a lot of things that typical hawaiian bbq places do, from the BBQ combination platter, spam musubi, BBQ burger, etc. They also offer a "Atkins" menu for low carb eaters, and a section if you would like to switch out for brown rice instead. They have 2 sizes in which you can order, the "mini" or the "regular". The mini comes with only one scoop of rice and one scoop of macaroni salad, the regular comes with 2 scoops of rice and 2 scoops of macaroni salad. *this is what the cashier told me so correct me if I'm wrong!*I ordered the BBQ combination plate which has the BBQ chicken, BBQ beef, and short ribs, the bf ordered the BBQ burger and spam musubi. We decided to eat at the restaurant so we could enjoy the AC and comfy chairs.The tables have sriracha, and aloha brand Hawaiian soy sauce, yum! Our order came and I was surprised that the food still came in a styrofoam box even though we ordered to dine in, but oh well, it will be easier to take home leftovers. My food was delicious, so much meat and my macaroni salad was good also. I think my favorite was the BBQ beef, they were yummy and thin and flavorful, reminds me of the steak or brisket you get from pho haha.My bf enjoyed his BBQ burger but enjoyed his spam musubi way more, he enjoyed it so much he tells me to make some so he can take to work now. Great, now I need to find a musubi mold and Hawaiian soy sauce. Service was good, though the cashier girl could smile a bit more or be a bit more cheerful? The gentleman was nice enough to give me a free refill, so woop woop! This place is going in my bookmarks so I can definitely come back here again. :)
1	I love the L&L Hawaiian Barbecue franchise but I will not be going back to this location. Been there twice, first time was on the grand opening.  That day I wasn't too sure if it was ready to open. I chose to dine in, so we grab a booth and waited for our food. The food portion that day was okay, I've has bigger portions at other locations in the valley,not to mention they ran out of rice, which IS the main staple of hawaiian food. They ran out of rice at 11:30 am, and we were one of three customers in the restaurant at the time. And Renovation was still going on as we sat in our booths and ate. Given the benefit of the doubt, I returned for a second time. This time as a take out order on my way to work. I ordered the chicken katsu plate. The chicken katsu looked great however when I took it in my car and opened it, I found that there wasn't any rice. It was green salad. Took it back inside and told them that I didn't order green salad, I ordered the rice. They told me they ran out. Yet instead of giving me an option to get something else or to choose, the took it upon themselves to give me the salad. After the discussion, I didn't make a stink of it. I just took my food and vowed to never eat there again. I just hope they get it together, or it'll hurt the brand.
5	FAVORITE L&L place in Las Vegas thus far! They remodeled this little diner and made it their own. It's different but still cute! I always get their chicken katsu, and I love getting it here because they put a lot of chicken! Other places don't even put as much katsu as they do. However, I will complain that they don't add enough of the sauce in the little plastic cups :( They're always 1/3 full, and that isn't even enough for all the katsu they give.Despite that minor complaint, I will always find myself coming back to this place!
4	A local chain of Hawaiian restaurant. Resembles a 50's diner. This restaurant's price is more like "$$" not "$"._____________________Food Quality: 3I've been here once. We had the curry chicken "katsu" cutlet, and the bento meal. The curry chicken comes with some pulled pork in it. The bento meal comes with BBQ chicken, a piece of fish, some beef, some BBQ chicken. All the meals came with macaroni salad. It was pretty on par with Hawaiian. The portions were so large that I could only eat half my meal, again, on par with Hawaiian. Overall I was pretty satisfied with the price value of my food. This single meal made 2 or 3 meals as left overs. It cost over $20 for the two of us to eat here, so I seriously contest the single "$" categorization. They also offer burgers for people who might be too finicky to eat the Hawaiian fare (kids).What I'd get here: the bento meal._____________________Service Quality: 5This restaurant straddles the line between fast food and a sit-down restaurant. You order up front, and they bring your order to you. The service was fast, and friendly for a fast food joint. +1 friendly. +1 fast.Time it took from ordering to get the food to the table: roughly 10 minutes._____________________Ambiance and Location: 5This restaurant is pretty easy to spot. It looks like a 50's diner, and it's right by Charlie's Down Under and a Walgreen's. They have a plush claw game and some sticker vending machines for kids. The style is the one thing that this restaurant has going for it. If I had to describe it, it'd be that '50's hawaiian place.'+1 original theme. +1 accessible, easy to spot location.If I had to take someone here it would be: family, kids._____________________Cleanliness: 5This restaurant is clean, but I didn't get a look at the bathrooms.+2 clean with an A rating.Worst health code rating: A.Overall rating: floor(average(ratings)) = floor(4.5) = 4
3	Was happy to see L&L open in a closed diner location on Buffalo & Lake Mead next to Grape Street.  I stopped by for some take out at 6pm and it was empty.  Service was awkward.  The two cooks at the grill were staring out at me because they had nothing to do.  The lady at the counter was not very friendly.  I ordered Chicken Katsu Curry, Chicken Cutlet with Gravy, BBQ Mixed Plate, and a side of Lumpia.  The food was good...but I was not pleased that they would pour the gravy over the cutlets in a take out order.  I've never had to give special instructions to any restaurant to put the gravy on the side.  The cutlets were soggy when we came home.  :(I've been to other L&L's and have had much better service.  If this is a franchised location, they need to be trained better.  If this is a corporate owned location, they need to be trained better.
5	Great service and delicious food. Their bbq short ribs are amazing, and you get to choose the sides. I love hawaiian food and I will definitely be a regular at this place from now on.
1	BAD SERVICE, RUDE!!!! Went and ordered their chic curry katsu, curry on the side Togo. They gave me gravy instead. And I didn't even think to check it until I got home. I called them and told them what had happened, the person on the phone told me that he would give me a brand new plate when I go back since I have to drive back there. I sent my husband to pick up the plate and he came back with just the curry sauce. He informed me that the guy that told me that he was going to give me the plate went to the back and went back on his words. And in addition to that they were rude enough to speak in their language pointing at my husband. A Business should not make promises that they cannot keep. I did not have to send my husband back just to pick up some sauce!!!
1	Food is getting less & less. Not that great! Lady here is just RUDE! Takes long for your order even when you call it in!!
1	This restaurant sucks they give you everything in to go boxes im like what the heck and i couldn't understand a word they said and the bathroom stinks so badly i wanted to cry and DONT get the saimin it tastes horrible
4	Huge portions, even as a lunch mini we got tons of food.  The katsu curry was good and the lumpia was fresh.  Great prices, generous portions, and good service.
5	OMG I love this place.  I go EVERY FRIDAY!  Call ahead and its almost always ready by the time I get there, usually within 10-15 minutes.  I go so much she now knows my name and my order.  Im shocked to see people say they are rude.  Never once have they been rude, even before I became a regular and Ive never seen them be rude to anyone while I am in there.  I always get the combination plate Chicken Katsu and BBQ Short Ribs and my bf gets combination plate BBQ Chicken and Chicken Katsu.  Its quite a bit of food for $9 and some change.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  Its an old diner style place but big, spacious and ok.  Its not a 5 star restaurant but nice, esp compared to some of the ones I've been to around town.  Great place, great food, great price!
3	The food is pretty good for a chain restaurant.  The prices are very reasonable and portions are huge.  I ordered the Chicken Katsu with a side of gravy fries...hit the spot!  Katsu curry had corn in it; guess that's Hawaiian style? Fires were the best, but only mediocre, would be better if gravy had more richness to it.  It's not the best I've ever had but far from the worst.-I'm still really confused as to why they don't redecorate.  The entire outside and interior resembles a 50's diner...it's been like this since they opened and hasn't changed.  It would be more comfortable if they could change the decor and clean it up a bit; the right side of the restaurant has been under renovations for some time now and looks really shabby.
3	Whenever I want teriyaki chicken, I go to Aloha Kitchen. It's my go-to spot, to the point where I realized there were probably other places I should hit up. And that's the story of how I wound up at L&L. So I walked in and immediately noticed the place isn't in the best shape. I usually don't care too much about decor as long as service and food are on point, but this place could use some attention to detail. It's more than someone needs to scrub that sucker down... someone with ADD needs to get in that piece and go to town. That aside, the service was good. I asked the girl at the counter if they had teriyaki chicken and she said yeah. I ordered one of those plates and a barbecue platter. Both plates were ok.... like if I were hungry and you offered me that, I would be ok. But when you're mad jonesing for something, you need to get that something perfectly. That didn't happen. The teri chicken was liked some grilled chicken with a little bit of teriyaki sauce on the side. The mac salad, even, was just ok. Will I return here? Maybe. The food isn't bad and service was ok. But will I return here when I'm mad for chicken teri? No.
4	Great quality local Hawaiian food foe a great price. Love the mac salad and Mochiko chicken. Staff seems nice and also has a quiet environment. Definitely going to become a regular Nom Nom spot.
2	I ordered the Lau Lau / Cabbage & Shredded Pork Combo for lunch.  The Lau Lau Pork was literally enshrouded in leaf and when I finally got to the pork I found out it was fish!  They didn't even give me the right order...so I had shredded pork and fish.  The shredded pork was scantily studded with pork shreds, could have been a bit more generous on the pork.Gravy Fries were the best part!
1	Decided to try this place again hoping the lady had a bad day prior. Guess what same RUDE service as the last time! Plus it's so hot in here with no air conditioning! Worth driving up to the W. Charleston location. No wonder we were the only ones there!!
2	Service is HORRIBLE. They didn't even answer the phone & I called 4X. And its not the first time. I get here & it's not that busy. Im not sure what happened to the other young lady but she greeted everyone w a smile. I come here weekly but that is coming to an end and FAST. Im so disappointed. My fav place is now becoming a bad experience. Hope the owners are reading the reviews because the young lady here now is not cutting it & you are losing a faithful weekly customer
2	We have visited this location a few times as it is right next door and very convenient. When the franchise opened I was beyond ecstatic as I fell in love with LL when I lived in Hollywood. After discovering it there I must've eaten LL once a week for a year straight. My enthusiasm was soon shot down by this place as a whole.The inside of the diner is visually unappealing, the counter person is ALWAYS RUDE and the beef bbq is seemingly always, without fail, tough and/or chewy.My overall opinion is if I wanted bad Hawaiian bbq with a shitty attitude I'd make it myself. Needless to say, I shan't be a regular.
5	First time customer, very good food, especially the chicken. I tried 4 different types of meat. The chicken bowl is excellent. Mei offered us the best customer service! She was insightful, kind, and patient. Checked on us several times for refills, extra to go orders, etc. Worth driving a little father to this location if need be. :)
3	Decent Hawaiian take out from a bizarre former-diner space. Check for signage all around the front desk for specials on lumpia, rangoons, and (wait for it)-- RAMEN BURGERS. Didn't try that this visit, though.Opted for the "healthy" garlic shrimp plate- $10 for fried shrimp topped with a bunch of chopped garlic on top of about a pound of brown rice. Making rice brown doesn't inherently make it healthy, but props for trying.I will go back for the Spam musubi though- it's essentially spam nigiri, but it's enormous and surprisingly delicious, savory with just the right amount of gravy not to make it too messy.
5	Big fan of this place. Went a few times before and didn't really know what to order, I thought it was ok but not great. Went back the other day to give it another try and they had a new plate on the menu, "low carb BBQ" in three different sizes. It's eggs, chicken, beef and short ribs with no sides. As I am trying to limit carbs, this seemed good. It was amazing. The eggs were a perfect over-easy. Each of the meats was great. I will be eating here a lot from now on. You can always add a few sides if you are craving carbs.
4	I cant believe I have driven by this place so many times and not stopped in. First, it used to be a diner location, so it still looks that way . I Picked up the Mahi Mahi for $10.95 and I got enough good food to last me all day. I grabbed one Katsu Musubi which with the meal was an all day serving. Service was Great. I was greeted and checkout out with a smile by a sweet women working the front. The prices for everything are good too. Next time I stop in  Im going build up the courage to try their Ramen Burger. They have enough on the menu to keep you busy, so enjoy my Hawaiian grill fanatics.
4	Im not sure if they read my review but the service is back up to par. Im not sure who the one young lady was that was working there after my favorite left but she is no longer there.  The new people are warm, welcoming and are actually happy to see you walk in.Still my favorite Friday food!
5	yay!!!!Very similar to Ohana except closer to us! Yummy bbq chicken!!! And yum yum mac salad! Been 2x!! :)
1	It's sad how the L&L franchise is going to SH!T. These franchise owners need to study & learn about Hawaiian/Island cuisine. This location is like all the other locations I've been to in Vegas. Chinese owned = Chinese flavors. The flat-top "grilled" teriyaki chicken is HORRIBLE. Yup, no grill marks just flat-top burn marks. It's the WORST teriyaki sauce ever. The same sauce used for the Kalbi/Galbi ribs. To top it off, they use TILAPIA and sell it as Mahi Mahi... FRAUD! Yes, all the "Mahi" dishes served is TILAPIA. Oh, as for the cashier/server. After digging & cleaning your ear, WASH & SANITIZE your hands before serving food! These franchises should be named L&L FAKE Hawaiian BBQ!
4	Ive tried everything from the chicken katsu to the hawaiian bbq chicken thisntime around im goin for the hawaiian bbq beef theyre all delicious just to think I never gave them a shoot while living in cali n waited to come to lv
5	I am sooo happy to have found them! I have eaten there probably once at week since I discovered them about a month ago. Everything I've tried has been delicious, freshly prepared and very, very good. It's in an old diner, so not fancy but it is neat and clean.
