4	Great mix of Asian cuisine. Notice I said Asian and NOT Chinese because calling that would really give the wrong impression of what they have to offer. Good atmosphere, friendly service. Some really different things on their menu. Recommend their Fried Spinach and an ice cold Asahi to start things out. But definitely EXPLORE their menu and resist the temptation of 'the same old orange flavor chicken'...
3	the food's ok, but it's more the ambiance that i like. it's located on the second floor of the biz park right on mill, but hidden back from thebusy street so it feels intimate. you can only get HH in the bar area and that drives me crazy when rest.s do that.the pad thai is so-so, the crab puffs have a sweet something added to them that i hate. pricing is a little on the expensive side for what it is, but the rest. area is very nice for an intimate yet still someone hip and pulsating night on the town.
4	I liked this place when I lived in AZ.  I really liked the Orange Peel Chicken with the brown rice....the only thing I didn't like there was the fried spinach (yuck).The drinks there were pretty good too.
3	My boyfriend and I ate here a while back. The food was really good, but he found a screw (yes, piece of hardware) in his rice. Which would normally strike me as really gross, but the screw was very clean and shiny...not covered in rust or anything too repulsive. ;) It's a good thing he didn't bite down on it and break a tooth. We notified the staff, who were very apologetic and told us they were "tearing apart the kitchen to find out where the screw came from." They never figured it out. The manager had my boyfriend write a statement and provide his address so they could mail him vouchers. They also gave us the whole meal for free. I didn't expect the -entire- meal for free, so that was nice. I'd go back because the food was good and the staff responded well to such a weird incident. But .... we never got those vouchers.
4	Bamboo Club is definitely a hidden gem on Mill. Thanks to my boyfriend because I would have never noticed it in it's upstairs location at the business park. This is also one of only restaurants I have been to on Mill that had a relaxing and intimate vibe. The food is a little pricey but it was very good. The menu offers various choices of the 'Asian Bistro". My boyfriend sticks to the Orange Chicken, which is the freshest Orange Chicken I have ever tried. I had the Shrimp Pad Thai which was nice and spicy just the way I like it.  Our service was excellent and the manager was walking around making sure everyone was doing well. Definitely a place I would recommend for special occasions or a quiet date, just make sure you have the budget.  Go get in on the zen atmosphere!
3	Purty darn nice lil' ole asian restaurant. Good drinks and good enough food.  It's in a very weird location though, up an escalator in sort of a mall-ish building on one of the main drags through Tempe.  Nice chill atmosphere and good service. No complaints about this place.
3	This location of The Bamboo Club is not ideal for groups... I was there last night and the service was awful.  Our waitress took a long time and had to be reminded about simple things such as chopsticks and water refills.  They pushed their special group menu on us and it was way too much food - much more than we needed.  Then, to top it all off, when we put our credit cards down at the end, they screwed up several times so that some of the group was overcharged and some not charged enough...I recommend this place for the food only and with a group of 4 or less... the chicken lettuce wraps are pretty good, the calamari salad is spicy but tasty, and if you are leaning toward eating really healthy, they offer edamame and entrees of steamed veggies with shrimp or chicken.  Don't pass up the dessert of fresh berries with vanilla ice cream - at least we ended the meal with something sweet :)
2	The Bamboo Club has got me all mixed up. Can ambiance and service compensate for sub par food at ridiculous prices? Oh, the dilemma! I like the beautiful decor and attentive service, but I also like reasonably priced entrees with discernable flavor. Let's see...nope. Well that didn't take very long to decide.I've eaten at this location several times. The last time was with a very large group of people, and I got to try many different things off the menu. It basically boiled down to two flavor categories: spicy or non-spicy. The spicy dishes tasted like they had been prepared in one stock sauce. The non-spicy dishes tasted like they had been prepared in a similar sauce that omitted the chili oil. Here and there they added other things, like black bean paste or some sweetness, but most of the dishes tasted pretty much the same. I suppose this is why the menu doesn't go into detail when describing the difference between entrees, just listing "Mongolian Chicken" or "BC Hot and Spicy Chicken," since just the veggies and protein are interchangeable and no really strong flavor characterizes any one dish. We started off with the appetizer sampler: Sesame Honey Chicken, BC Egg Rolls, Coconut Shrimp, and Pot Stickers. Everything was perfectly adequate and worth the price since it served 4 people. The chicken was crispy, sweet and sprinkled with sesame seeds. The egg rolls tasted like they had been fried in old oil, but I fixed that by dousing it in hot mustard. The coconut shrimp were thin, crunchy, and not too sweet. The pot stickers were steamed with a delicious pork filling, probably the best thing on the tray. It was all pretty good filler before the meal. But it's kind of a sad affair when the appetizers trump the actual main course...Everything came out really fast for a group of nine people and was piping hot. We shared it family style and here's the details, from best entree to worst:*Cantonese Noodles- Wicked fricken good! If I end up going again, I'm definitely ordering this dish. Shrimp, scallops, BBQ pork, chicken and Asian vegetables with wheat noodles tossed in a light but flavorful sauce.*Grilled Halibut- Well cooked and flaky. Mango and pineapple salsa was decent and the presentation was very well done.*Chicken with Asparagus- I was barely able to distinguish the black bean sauce it was supposedly cooked in, but the chicken was tender and the asparagus al dente. *BC Spicy Chicken- This falls under the 'spicy' category of food flavoring. It was a little spicy, a little sweet, and very generic. Supposedly their equivalent of 'Kung Pao,' but it tasted...weirder than any other Kung Pao I've had. *Mandarin Orange Scallops- Tough and overcooked, same flavors as the BC Spicy Chicken but with more sugar and no kick. The crispy spinach was interesting though.*Bamboo Bejing Duck- It was overcooked and dry rather than being crispy. The Asian pancakes were also dry, but the accompanying plum sauce lubricated things well enough. *Pad Thai Rice Noodles- Turned into a sticky noodle block after the first couple minutes. I've made the equivalent from a box in the 'Asian foods' aisle at Fry's. *Thai Curry Chicken and Shrimp- The Bamboo Club needs to focus on their Chinese offerings instead of their piss poor Thai dishes. Not good by any stretch of the imagination.The side dishes were, like the appetizers, respectable but not amazing. The Dynasty Fried Rice tasted a lot like any other fried rice you'd order. No surprise or disappointment there. The Woked Mushrooms were very well cooked in a light sauce. Much better than most of the entrees even though it was a side dish. The Woked Asparagus had the same flavor as the mushrooms, both of which tasted suspiciously similar to the Chicken with Asparagus. Perhaps it just lacked the dollop of black bean paste?So if you go, go for the ambiance. The patio is nice for Mill Avenue people watching and secluded enough to enjoy your meal with a little privacy. The service is attentive and quick to refill any glass or comply with your requests, even for a large group of people. At the very least these guys deserve the high tips generated by pricy entrees. It's too bad the food is so damn generic. Definitely not worth the 13-25 dollar price tag per entree. Maybe happy hour is the best option for attending this place? Cheap three dollar appetizers and drink specials without the unnecessary disappointment of crappy food? Maybe I'll give it a whirl in the future.If you're wrangled into dinner there, go with the Cantonese noodles, crispy spinach and woked veggies. Best stuff on the menu. Or risk it and order something else. Maybe I went on an off night...but I doubt it since this is a corporate chain the same the country over.
3	The atmosphere is nice.  I think both the food and drinks are a little overpriced for what it is but I know the rent down on Mill is marginally insane.  I've never had a wait here and the food comes out fairly quickly.  Occasionally I've had a server disappear for a while but that's the exception, not the rule.My favorite things on the menu are the Crispy Crab Wontons which are served with a strawberry sauce instead of the more traditional sweet and sour, and the Drunken Monkey Flambe - which is somewhere between Bananas Foster and Cheesecake on fire.  They have a wide selection of specialty drinks but none of them really catch my imagination.The food itself is ok, sort of like PF Changs upped their prices but didn't up the quality or presentation of their food.  This is a place I go because I'm meeting people who want to meet there, not necessarily a place I would ever choose.  The sad thing is that it's not because it's godawful.  It's really not bad.  But between the pretentious decor and the mediocre food I always end up feeling slightly let down by the restaurant experience.  It's like dating that person who you can find no real flaws with but somehow you still lack chemistry.Sorry Bamboo Club. It's not you, it's me.
3	Just like PF Changs, but IMHO, a little better.  It's a little bit more expensive than Chang's, but a nicer joint inside.  I was a regular for their reverse happy hour....then I got sick of the Mill scene and moved on.  Anyhow.Food is decent.  It's no where even close to authentic.  Again, it's comparable to Chang's.  If you're thinking about Chang's, try this place out.  You might like this over Chang's.
3	The atmosphere is crowded.  And the food is simply fair to good.  I had heard quite a bit about this venue prior to going, and have to say, I was slightly disappointed.  They seem to be understaffed, as the service was a bit slow.  I've been here 3 times, and the best time I had was sitting at the bar, but I think that was due more to the beautiful blonde I was sitting next to, than the restaurant.  Parking is attrocious, as well.
3	This place reminds me of Chang's, except with a little more ambiance and a little more price. I have been to this location twice, and both times found something disappointing. The first time, my fiancee and I went specifically for the berry flambe dessert. Yeah, we had dinner, and it was alright, but we were really excited for the flambe. So finally it comes time for the dessert and the chef (or server or whoever they have do it) screws it up! It doesn't flambe because he accidentally puts the flame out with too much of the wine. Obviously, it wasnt nearly as exciting as we were hoping. The failed flambe was followed with a terrible awkwardness that led us to just accept the dessert even though he insisted on making a new one. So yeah.Second time, my friend and I had dinner and the service was atrocious. It was completely obvious by the server's attitude and body language that she did NOT want to be there. Anyhow, we ordered some special "tour of Asia" whatnot, and were completely disappointed with the food. Did it come from a buffet or what? I probably won't visit this place again. At least not this location.
3	Bamboo Club = DecentDecent beer selection, though nothing I'd go out of my way to have. Drink options for those who prefer mixed cocktails. Decent wine choices, too. The food is always decent - average, satisfactory without the wow-factor. Last time here I split the Macadamia Nut Chicken, which was served with water chestnuts, pieces of celery and tender broccoli stalks. We went with the brown rice to complement the dish. Edamama was okay. Service is always decent. Friendly and attentive, if not a little absent-minded. Decor and atmosphere are decent. Bathrooms are clean, with alot of mirrors - even a full-length at the back of each stall. Uhm, ok. Bamboo Club is a "safe bet" when you're on Mill Ave. The upstairs factor is cool. So is the idea of an outside patio, overlooking the street. If you go here looking for pandas, all you'll find is bamboo. (And no, that's not a metaphor.) Wait for the fortune cookie. It comes with a little panda on the wrapping. Inside the cookie, though, are messages that are cryptic and unusual. Fortune, my ass. Mine read: "Be definite now, worry about precision later." Fortune Cooke Panda needs to take grammar lessons. Talk about an annoying comma splice. Anyway... Bamboo Club = DecentDecent = 3 stars
4	For the most part, I agree with the recurring themes in the previous Bamboo Club reviews - the cool atmosphere (especially the balcony overlooking Mill Avenue), the good service, and yes, the good but not great food - but with a couple of exceptions. The Mandarin Orange Tofu is so delicious. It comes with spinach on the side, and I don't know what they do to it (is it fried?) but I can't get enough of it. It's called Mandarin Orange Chicken on the menu - Bamboo Club will substitute tofu for meat in any of their dishes (I recommend vegetarians still inquire about sauce ingredients). I also recommend the Asian Tofu with Vegetables. Quite tasty.This is usually a lunch spot for me and a co-worker or two or three, but I've also been here with larger groups on several different occasions - much larger groups (20-30 people), and always received excellent service. In fact, the first time our "event organizer" failed to order any vegetarian dishes, the Bamboo Club staff - after apologizing (not their fault!) - responded quickly and efficiently, providing several meat-free options without question or extra charge.The food I think deserves between 3 and 3 1/2 stars, but the good service and cool atmosphere push them up to 4.
3	Bamboo Club, seriously?.... For Tempe, clearly 4 stars. Balcony over-looking Mill Ave, semi-mediocre beer selection and the clientele. Son.I waltzed in with the intentions to be on a liquid diet and just enjoy myself in cozy fashion. Met a new friend full of moxie, put on my best performance to this day and bounced onto venue #2 with whats-her-name on me arm.Nice!
1	And yet another closure. Why are my go-to places losing the battle?I will miss your patio and cheap, cheap appetizers. Though you weren't all that, and not even the chips, you were always accessible and affordable.Cheers to you.
4	I was a huge fan of Bamboo. They had decent food, super cheap happy hour and awesome, friendly staff. Their Bloody Mary's mixed with siracha and soy were different and delicious. Another one bites the Mill Ave dust :(
