4	For a small, intimate show, Stage Door Theater is such a fun choice. I saw Shear Madness here in 2009 and absolutely loved it. The show itself was hilarious, with great audience interaction and fun seating options. While I'm sure the seating may get changed up a bit for each run, my girlfriends and I sat together at a few small round tables near the front. There is also a bit of stadium like seating near the back. As mentioned, this is the perfect venue to be super close to the action on stage and actually interact with the actors. In Shear Madness, one of the characters (police office) came out to the bar area during intermission and continued to interview the witnesses. I really appreciate small venues like this that show kitschy shows. Here's hoping I'll catch more cool shows at the Stage Door Theater!
5	The Stage door theater is definitely a small intimate venue. Our first visit here brought us to see the show "You say tomato, I say shut up". Hubby paid the up charge to have us seated in the front, where they provide mini tables. Since I am short I prefer to not have someone seated in front of me,and I don't mind being in the front row. This worked well and added $5.00 more PP to our ticket. No assigned seats at all in this theater. Come early and get your drinks and snacks if you need them (at the consession stand). No waitress service once inside the theater either. After the 3 (or 4) rows of tables you will find chairs. Again not assigned seating. The show was top notch and I anticipate going to "The Stage door" many times in the future.
4	This was my first visit to the Stage Door Theatre and I absolutely loved it! All the hostesses, ushers and greeters were extremely nice and accommodating. They offer drinks that you can take in during your performance and the restrooms were very clean. The best part about it for me is the size. It's small and intimate. You can enjoy the performance and hear and see every detail. I was there for a poetry slam and it was fantastic! Several poets graced the stage sharing their craft and interacting with the audience. It was such a fun night for everyone. I'm looking forward to my next event here!
4	Very small but intimate location.  Every seat is a perfect seat.  I was there for Slam Charlotte Poetry and I enjoyed it in this location over their previous location.   Stage Door is located in the back of Blumenthal.  And we parked  in the Hearst Tower parking lot.   The theater doesn't validate parking here.  But parking was only $5, so no biggie.
