1	One of the staff was rude beyond words. Got a full set and after painting TWO nails, realized I did not like the color. I nicely asked if I could pick out a different color, she said "NO" very rudely and continued painting. I was shocked but did not say anything. After she was done, still tipped her $5 even though she did not deserve it at all. When the lady at the front desk asked how everything was, I told her what happened and she seemed horrified, apologized, told me to sit down, and changed the color for me. I tipped her $10 for just being nice about it, while the rude lady just sat there and played on her iPad like she couldn't care less. Wish I got her name and asked for my tip back, but I still will not be returning.
1	Absolutely terrible!! STAY AWAY!! They are very rude, unsanitary, and slow. By far the worst customer service I've EVER experienced. They don't wash their hands between services (I watched them go from pedicure/toe polish changes-without gloves-to eyebrow waxing) I asked her to file my nails down before painting them (duh, right?). She filed ONE NAIL. She then yelled at me because she painted my nails red when I requested pink. She then demanded that I pay when I told her to just take the polish off. There are plenty of nail salons in this area that provide more quality service and appreciate customers. I left and went right down the street to UV Nails and they did just what I asked. Trust me-stay away.
1	I came in b/c it was the only place I could find open on a Sunday. First off, one of the "nail techs" had her kid running around the place, moving everything and touching everyone. Anyway, we were seated and a ONE guy stopped working on a client to start on me and my sister. He then continued to jump between us three. It was absolutely ridiculous. I could tell that the lady he stopped helping to help us was upset. Finally another tech finished with another client and took over the lady the guy had ditched to start on us. In the middle of doing my nails, the guy asked me to pay, which I understand we do to not mess up our nails later. Anyway, I kindly told him I wanted to wait until the end to pay. He then responded he wouldn't continue until I pay. After, he asked me in a snobby tone "have you never gotten your nails done before?" As if I was some fool who didn't understand how it was done. Needless to say, this place sucks. Their customer service is horrible and it's hard to say which one out of all of the nail techs is the good one since I was helped by 4 people total. Never coming back here again!
