5	So glad I found this place, and in my neighborhood at that. My car's tires need to be replaced, so I went to their website and was able to view the specs, ratings, and reviews for the tires. When I went to the actual shop, I was treated with courtesy and did not have to deal with any high-pressure sale pitches. I was even allowed to review my options in the shop and chose a set of tires that was well suited for my driving style and budget. It took them only 30 minutes to do everything, and I used that time to get coffee and breakfast in one of the many dining establishments nearby. A pleasant experience overall.
5	I had a really great experience here! I called on Wednesday and spoke to Trevor, told him my make, model and year and he looked up some tires for me and gave me a quote for an out the door price. I did call around and found that not only did Discount have the best prices but they had a really helpful and friendly staff, other places I called acted like it was a bother to give a quote over the phone. Friday after work Trevor was there to help me when I dropped off my car. I didn't want to wait around so he told me I could leave my car there and pick it up in the morning. Rad! So yeah, New tires, Very exciting!
5	his location is awesome!  The guys that work there are super friendly and really try to help you out as much as you can.  I have been here twice and both times I have been treated well.  The last time I went here I had a nail in my tire and needed to get it replaced.  I arrived first thing in the morning and was greeted by someone and my tire was fixed and was out the door in 30 mins.Keep up the good work guys!  Thank you for keeping us safe on the road!
5	the guys @ this location could not be more amazing!!  my daughter had a flat and needed to get to a performance and the guys at Metro opened the door shortly after they were supposed to close and put tires on the car for us immediately.  they gave us information regarding the safety of the type of wheels on her vehicle and made an extremely stressful situation sooo much easier.  I would absolutely recommend to any of you in the Phoenix Metro area that you choose this discount tire when in need : )these guys really went above and beyond for my daughter and I, personable, friendly and helpful even at closing time on a Saturday!
5	The Metro Center Discount Tire is my favorite location.The staff seem really nice and Troy was awesome! He talked with me on the phone explaining the prices and gave me a great deal which really helped me out! My tire was put on in under 30 minutes! :)Thanks guys!
5	I got very affordable tires here, a whole set and it was done fast, service was great and could not believe how great their cheapest set of tires felt on my car - such a smooth straight ride - made such a difference!
5	I needed new tires.  I went to their website in search of a certain brand, they indeed had them.  I then spent days looking to make certain I could not get them cheaper elsewhere---I couldn't.  I then put in a request online for the tires, as well as an appointment time that same day.  I showed up ten minutes early as instructed, they took my vehicle in, they put the tires I requested on, I paid and was out of there.  The entire process took about 20 minutes.  It was very efficient, there was no upsale attempt whatsoever, and I couldn't have asked for an easier experience.This is not the first time I have been to this Discount Tire however.  They have removed nails, rotated tires, and always did it free.  The employees at this store are ALWAYS kind, they are 100% honest, and they want to help you.  You can hear people come in stressed and sometimes raising their voices at these employees, lets face it visiting a tire shop is never for fun reasons, but these employees manage to smile and be courteous to these people as well.I would highly recommend this Discount Tire.  Although I hope I don't have to go back any time soon, if a tire issue should arise I have absolutely no doubt where I would go.
5	I ALWAYS go here for ANY tire related issue! They are a great value!! Super kind, clean store, and get you in and out in a reasonable time! Love that you can make an online appointment to doped it up too! I dealt with zack last week when I got my tires rotated. So nice and respectful. Always will visit this store and get my tires here!
5	Today was not the best day I ever had.  First of all, I had to go get my car an Emission Test.  I developed a flat tire while waiting 45 minutes in the hot morning sun, and by the time I got up to the front of the line, they would not test my car because of the flat.  I drove it off the testing site, called emergency road service, and got the tire fixed.  The spare was also flat (as it usually is when you need it!) Well, luckily, the flat tire had a nail in it, and held enough air so I could drive to Discount tire, about five miles from where I was.  When I got there, I was treated like I was the most important customer they had in the store at the time.  This is not unusual. They seem to make every guest that walked in the door feel that way.  Even though I had a bought a new car since my last visit, they still offered to fix the tire at no charge!  Unfortunately, the old tire could not be fixed, but they found the least expensive way for me to get back on the road, all in under an hour. Soon, I was back at the emission testing place.  I expected them to put the car on the rotors and test it like it was on the road, but all they did was look at the gas cap, stick a probe in the tank and charged me $27.50 and told me I passed.  They never turned on the freaking motor.  Why they made me go fix the tire first and wait in line all over again is beyond me, but DISCOUNT TIRE made a bad experience so much better just by treating me like they really cared.  I will always bring my car here for any tire related issue.  They have earned my business on more than one occasion.  Plus they have great TV commercials!!!
5	As all previous reviewers have said, these guys are AWESOME. Outstanding service. The service tech actually came out to the parking lot with his clipboard to greet me as soon as I drove in.In and out in less than an hour. Take a little walk to the nearby Barnes & Noble to browse a little while, and it's all done.They also do free tire checks and will maintain the air pressure for you. Very courteous, friendly and hardworking people. They earn their five star rating for sure!
5	Wonderful service! These guys were quick, polite, and repaired my flat for free! I will definitely come back here when buying tires!
1	They harassed me and were very disrespectful! And they laughed at me as I left when I told them my father had just died and I was In a low budget since I had to pay for the funeral services. Instead they wanted me to pay warranties I didn't want and expensive tyres. They were charging me $300 for something I got for $81 at the Discount Tyre on Bell Road and 19th. And when I was leaving, they sent another staff to follow me to my car and try convince   me they weren't screwing me from behind. Definitely a horrible first experience!! But had a great one at Bell Road. Definitely a different place with better costumer service!!
5	Flat tire on the way to a wedding, with no time to spare. Ryan at Discount Tire got me in and turned around in less than 10 minutes, exceptional service! Without a doubt they earned my business on my next tire purchase, and even though there are closer stores to me, I'll be driving down here for tires. Thanks again guys!
