3	This place is not listed in the phone book, there's no phone, they only take cash, and it's as small as my (former) studio apartment.  However, she manages to attract all the Madison hipsters every night to drink and eat among the aroma of the wood burning stove and the sounds of a posh dj.  I recommend the pork sammie and the Lake Louie on tap.  I'd like to be annoyed by the pretension and crowding at this place, but I just can't help but really enjoy myself every time I'm there.  Dammit.
3	How hip is Nachspiel? It's so hip, it doesn't have a sign. It's so hip, it isn't even listed in the phonebook. We get it, Nachspiel. You're hip. Stop beating us over the head with it. Located right on the increasingly classy King Street, this is a cozy little bar with a slick interior design and DJ's on the weekends. However, they don't take cards. Come on, cash is so 1997.
5	Good drinks, good food.  Good god, why haven't you visited yet?
5	Nattspill = "night play" in Norwegian, in case you were curious...Even though this place can be crowded (despite its stealthy sign-less entrance), I love it.  It's dark and moody and the djs who play on the weekends are really good.  Get there a little early so you can stake out the awesome back room with tree logs as stools.  Their drinks are strong and goood, especially their mojitos.  The food is pretty good, too, especially the pizzas.  My friends are obsessed with the 3-cup chicken, but being picky and not liking dark meat, I'm not crazy about it.  Nattspill really is a killer place to play.  Check it out.
4	Good urban atmosphere, but a little cramped, and the National Geographic-y picture in the back nook is kinda scary.
4	I like how the atmosphere here has a cozy warm feel to it with its low lighting, cool wooden chairs and tables and DJs spinning some very good music.  The food has been very good too.  I love the thin crust mushroom and pepperoni pizza from their wood oven!  The pepperoni is cut into thick slices and have a spicy peppery bite to them.  I've had the crab/salad appetizer dish but wasn't that thrilled with it.  The crispy wantons (2) stuffed with shrimp and scallops surrounded by a spicy broth was delicious!  We just wished they could have added a few more wantons.  I can't wait to go back and try their mojitos and 3-cup chicken.
2	My lady and I attended the Natt Spil with the intention of a Friday night dinner but unfortunately found the results very dissatisfactory.  While the decor is quite romantic and it's kinda cool to eat at a place that doesn't have a sign or a telephone the actual delivery isn't worth the setup.  All the pre-eat impressing sets up the expectation for some fabulously hip food.  The results however came as lackluster.Ordering the Salmon with fried plantains and the Italian sausage pizza with feta we initially were excited.  A change of pace ambiance and a diversified menu with a combination of different ethnic flavors seemed promising.  With the placement of the dishes in front of us our eagerness seemed to fade.  To start the presentation was mediocre.  Admittedly there isn't too much you can do to make pizza look amazing.  The Salmon however was not pink, served upside down, and was about the smallest piece of fish I have ever received.   Not a fish expert, I was told by my more knowledgeable girlfriend that the salmon was poor, not cooked well, lacking juices and a pink color.  I found the fish ok, tasting fairly bland and without any spice to cover up the disappointing bland salmon flavor.  The noodles that came with it were sort of a mix of curry and pad Thai which while better than the salmon were still rather dull noodles.  The pizza was admittedly better though still a small portion.  The sausage was very good with a nice distinctive spice, the best part of the entire meal.  The feta was tasty..but it's feta and the placement of it on the pizza was effective because feta is inherently tasty nothing above your own ability in the kitchen though.  A dough and sauce that served as more of contributing flavors and less as bases would have helped.  The seemingly harsh rating is a judgment of the food not as a place to grab drinks with a friend.  Their beer menu had simple selections highlights being some nearby Great Dane brews and an Ale Asylum.  In the end the food isn't bad, but for a the $12 dollars the tiny dull Salmon dish cost and the $9 decent Pizza better tasting and equally unique Madison flavors can be found.
2	Grade: D-Translation:  Don't eat here because this place sucks. Make sure to clarify with your server that the putrid, steamed mussels they serve will only make you sick rather than make you die.
3	So hip, so pretensious, so eh.Natt Spil has a lovely solid drink menu, and considering the "atmosphere" you're paying for it is pretty standard pricing.  I am a fan of their mojitos.   As for the food, I think the previous reviewers summed up the misses quite nicely.  Fortunately Natt Spil is located in an area where you can walk 5 blocks in almost any direction and meet up with amazing food. (so come for a drink, soak up the hip-ness, and then go eat somewhere else.)
5	If you've got a group of friends who you want to show a unique, hip, and fun place in Madison; this place Should be at the top of your list.Full review:http://manifoldman.wordpress.com/2007/11/03/nat-spil-review-nochspiel-nachspiel-etc-this-place-rocks/-Manifold Man
4	Try the lemongrass and ginger-infused vodka! Coming from Milwaukee, I didn't find this place all that hip and pretentious at all. I actually really liked the atmosphere - although I probably wouldn't chose to dine there considering how loud, crowded and tiny it is. Great for a few drinks though!
4	Disclaimer: I have some bad memories of this place because of a person with whom I frequented this place several times. Despite this, there was much that I liked about the place. The drink menu is interesting and includes several "off the beaten path" drinks. When there is a live DJ, the music is very good. The major problem is that it is a small place with many patrons, so finding a seat may be difficult. Also, the rather dark atmosphere is something that could turn people off, although some people may really like it. Given the possibility of going with a different person who isn't trying to control and dictate my life, yes, I would come back again. Oh yeah, that and being able to be in Madison, which I unfortunately no longer am at this time.
4	I also didn't have a problem with the atmosphere. I found it warm and welcoming and our waitress was very friendly. As a Bostonian, I'm used to being ignored by waitstaff, pricey yet boring food, being deafened by awful music and squawking fellow patrons time and time again.But Nat Spil treated me very well- no pretension- and I will return!
5	This place is one of my favs in Madison. The food here is terrific and at an affordable price. There menu is until 1am. The music is always good. I dont know what can get better  than that!
2	The food here borders on gross and is not that cheap if viewed in light of how crappy it is.We started with the catfish egg rolls, which tasted like someone dropped a fish stick in Tabasco, put it in a wrapper and fried it. The three cup tofu is apparently their most popular dish. It looked beautiful and tasted completely uninspired. Tofu drowning in heavy, corporate "Asian" sauce with over-marinated cucumbers on the side. My limp pizza was the worst attempt at thin-crust I have encountered in Madison.I guess this place is "cool" because the lighting is red and the waitresses wear stripes and polka dots at the same time. I've been here at night for drinks as well and found it very awkward. The music is loud, so there's no way to talk, but also no expectation of dancing. The positives: They have a nice selection of beers on draft and the waitresses were polite.
3	we sat in the caveit was hot and sweaty and kinda a bad ideathe food is stronger in idea than in executionthe servers are lovely and eagerit's not bad
3	Great atmosphere, as long as you can find the place(having no sign makes this a wee bit difficult). Dark and brooding, yet soft enough to be romantic.They have a fun drink list, for those of us who don't do beer(although my last mojito tasted more like lime and Aquanet rather than fresh yummy goodness).The menu is interesting, although small. Nice place to grab an appetizer and a cold beverage before a night out.
2	I don't know what changed in a year and half, but the quality went down rather drastically. This used to be my one and only favorite destination in Madison for a while, but they're so "out" for me now.My friend and I stopped over here on Wednesday bar hopping night, and everything was terrible. First, the service: Ok, but nothing special. And what happened to those smoking hot ladies? Why is a jersey wearing lady with zero enthusiasm serving us? Is this Wed's night thing? If so, I'll never come back. And, the terrible drinks, too. My mojito was passable while my friend's caipirinha was way below the standard. If they have the balls to charge $6-8 on a drink, I expect something good.  I've seen this trend in Madison. If you used to be the "it place," you need to keep up with the incoming competition and continue polishing the reputation rather than taking it easy by falling back on the title.
4	Well, say what you will (and I have complained to my compatriots) about the no phone, no sign, no credit card policy, but I love Natt Spil. I tell people I hate it. I tell people it is full of hipster assclowns (which it is). When it all shakes out though the food is amazing, the beer and wine list are great, and everything is terribly reasonable on the wallet.Chef David Oliver has a great palate and an inventive menu. The three-cup chicken is terrific and would be something I would order every time I went to any other restaurant, but it is only the second best item on the simple, delicious menu at Natt Spil. Dave's Pork Sammie is absurdly good. It is the best sandwich I've had anywhere.Lastly, the hipster assclown population is promulgated by the tremendous DJs regularly spinning at Natt Spil. This is a great place to eat and a great place to grab a few drinks and listen to great music.
2	Pricey drinks and a poor bar layout make for a crowded experience here. They've got DJs spinning on a pretty regular basis in the evenings, which is hit or miss. I've never eaten here, but the food coming out of the kitchen looks great and you can get food pretty late, which is a plus. My favorite part about this place is the huge window at the front which can be opened up during the (few) summer months in Madison, making the whole place feel a little opened up.Nevertheless, I can't help but feel like this place is an overflow pub for the crowd not patient enough to wait for a table at the Great Dane next door.A decent stop on a bar-hopping night.
3	I have always had a good time here, but the slow service and unattentive bartenders always end with me standing with my hand on my hips not knowing why they are just standing there, and I am empy handed. That being said, they have a pretty decent and reasonable drink menu (I didnt know that $5 was "pricey") and lots of vegetarian options.  The dark atmosphere is oddly inviting but its often hard to find a place to sit, let alone stand since they have some oddly placed partitions dividing the booths and tables.  Good place to check out and start your night, but dont get too excited.
2	Although the food here is pretty darn good (especially the pizza), the seating is torturous. If I wanted to sit on a painfully too-short, wobbly, wooden stool I'd be roasting s'mores over a campfire. It's just not the sort of experience I look forward to when I'm out on the town, ya know? Something tells me I'm not the only one.I have to agree with others who have noted the awkward partitions and general layout of the place. I've never been to a place where seating and layout was such an issue, so this really put me in an odd mood. It's gotta be the antithesis of feng shui.The atmosphere was otherwise very interesting and I think the place has potential. I just don't think I'll be adding this place to my regular haunts. If I go back, I think I'll be sure to sit at the bar.
3	Chef Dave, did I really see you sprinkle some MSG into my 3 cup chicken???  Please say it isn't so!  Otherwise, this place is cozy and quaint.  No other complaints.
4	We were lucky to stumble onto this place. If it weren't for the hipster-ish crowd spilling out into the sidewalk seating we may have missed it all together (and I think they're okay with that). It's a small menu, but everything seems very specific and fulfills its purpose. A little Asian, a little bistro, and a decent beer list with some Lake Louie and Ale Asylum.The feel of the place was late-night even during a regular dinner hour, which is unusual for the area. I'm thinking this is why so many reviewers found it pretentious, but really, it just felt a little more urban than most Madison places, but not overly trendy at all. If anything, it felt a bit off the beaten path. There was a mediocre DJ and the crowd went from lively to chill as it got late.The food was tasty -- spicy, a bit too salty at times, and the flavors were particular. We had the Three Cup Chicken, a spicy and light Asian dish with Spicy Tomato Cucumber Salad (the best part!), and the Dave O's Cherry Wood Roast Pork Sammie, a spicy and salty sandwich with perfect french bread. I'd be happy to go again and try other dishes. Overall, it's a cool and unique option in Madison's Capital area (most late-nite options are on the University side, it seems) with an interesting menu.
5	This is the best bar in Madison, hands down.  I actually would place it as one of the best bars in the USA.  I was there last Saturday night and the DJ they had spinning was killing it (as usual).  I spent two years at grad school in Madison and i stopped here several nights a week.  Good music, good cocktails, and good food.  The menu, while small, is excellent.  If it is your first time there, definitely have the Three Cup Chicken.  I have heard a few people say it is a little salty, but isn't that what beer is for?  The pizza's are all good and they usually have some good appetizers also.  The beer selection is diverse yet representative of Wisconsin.  The only knock on this place is that it can get hard to navigate when it gets crowded as it is a small bar.  The servers manage to navigate it pretty well though so if you just grab a seat you'll have no problem getting service.  I hate to even write a review of this place because if too many people (or  undergrads) get wind of the place it might lose it's charm.  But as is, Natt Spil, you are perfect!  Now please open a branch down the street from me in Chicago.
4	This place has more "cool" atmosphere than anywhere else downtown and you have to be ready for that.  The hipsters will be everywhere and the DJ in the corner won't really be doing anything....but it's a cozy place to go with a friend or a date and certain menu items are incredible.  The brie and apple pizza is unlike any other and they usually have a special pizza that can be just as amazing.  Also, the Three Cup Tofu, while a bit pricey ($9.50,) is fresh, unique, and so good.  Other than that, the menu is small and too expensive, so get a Caipirinha (one of the only good ones in town) and enjoy a nice, mellow night out.
2	I was really excited about this hole-in-the-wall after reading all the reviews for 3 cup tofu and a great bar menu, but I was terribly disappointed with the food, service, and atmosphere. The server did not hear my order of one entree apiece, so when only one came out I passed the first 3 cup tofu onto my husband while I waited for my order to be placed a second time. After a few bites of his plate I wished I hadn't ordered a second. The tofu was alright - dense, overly gingered, sweet, and oily. The cucumber salad was like a too-vinegary version of kim chee and he wouldn't eat it. We ended up with two plates of obnoxious and overly seasoned tofu and veggies. The mussels appetizers smelled like Red Tide dead fish in the Florida Keys (perhaps if we hadn't omitted the cream sauce it would have covered the foul smell) and single spring roll per $4 order was kind of puny. The waitress balked at having to provide a receipt (thanks goodness I was prepared for the cash-only policy) and then "forgot" that I gave her $60 instead of $40. And the music consisted of a soul mashup CD on repeat. I definitely heard the same track 3x. I enjoyed my Sazerac, and I better for $8 a pop. Overall it was a terribly  disappointing experience.
4	Went here for the first time last night, and was very impressed by the food -- had the roast pork sammie, and absolutely loved it.  The perfect mix of smoke and porkiness and heat, on decent french bread.  The atmosphere was fine, I suppose, if cramped and not terribly great service, but certainly not terrible.  I'll be going back, if just for more pork sandwiches.
5	Went here on a Monday night for dinner at 10pm on a monday night.  The menu is about 1/3 Vegetarian which was nice because the friend i was entertaining is a pescatarian.  We enjoyed delicious greek style pizza and a pitcher of octoberfest beer for $15 (Their Monday night special).  Great deal.  There was a DJ mixing solid rock music which transgressed decades. nice.  As you can read from other other reviews , Natt Spill has a great vibe, good crowd, and equally quality music.  Highly recommended.  especially if you want quality food late at night with vegetarian options.
2	in one word--confusing. thanks for trying too hard. space is a little cramped but comparable to most bars in the lower east side/east village. the cozy dark lighting and wood is spoiled by the disjointed asian inspired ceiling. atmosphere is reaching for 'too cool for school' which is a shame cause the place could be chill. this ain't bushwick bitches. music was okay if generic.menu was all over the place & reminded me of that seinfeld episode with the pakistani guy and the restaurant that served indian, italian & chinese food. made the mistake of ordering 'dim sum,' which literally & figuratively felt like sweaty balls. soup dumplings were gross--tasteless meat, chewy wrapper, no real soup. the other food around me looked good though, so maybe i just chose poorly.drinks were good & not too expensive, although after a couple ale asylums i can't really remember. service was fine.
1	This review is based strictly off their customer service.My wife and I were going out for dinner last night at Muramoto.  We arrived early (5:30p) to the King Street area.  So, we thought we would stop by Nat Spil for a couple pre-dinner cocktails.  Neither of us had been there before and were excited to give it a try.Our initial take was we really liked the atmoshere - seemed very cool.  However, as mentioned in other reviews, we soon found that the place was small and a little confusing for us.  The place has about 10 tables that I could see and a small bar with about 12 stools.  Is it a restaurant or a bar?  The reason I bring this up is that when we walked in there were two couples sitting at tables and no one at the bar.  One couple had food and other couple just had cocktails.  There was no one to greet us when we walked in (i didn't think that was going to be a big deal but it obvioulsly was), so we sauntered over to the bar and ordered a cocktail.  After the drinks were poured we thought it might be more comfortable sitting at a table and told the bartendress - "no problem" she says.We chose a table in the front window area.  It was small but had four sets of silverware.  Suddenly a waiter appears and asks if it just the two of us tonight.  "Yes" I replied.  He lets out a big sigh, and then snatches two of the silverware sets.  As he is walking to the cupboard to put them away I notice that he is shaking his head the whole time and is still visible pissed that there is only two of us.  He then takes the silverware he just cleared and started slamming/throwing  them back into the cupboard drawers.  Let me take the opportunity to remind you that there were four other customers in this establishment at this point and it was 5:30pm.  It's not like we were occupying prime seats during prime time.  So... The waiter comes back and says, "what do want for dinner?"  with an exaggerated roll of his eyes.   I said we were just having drinks and wouldn't be staying long.  Another hugh sigh and he storms off to his station and takes a big drink from his wine glass.  I was surprised to see the waiter drinking at 5:30.  I wonder if he paid for that drink or if it was stolen from the establishment's owner?!?Well that pretty much sealed it - not going to have a second drink there.  We slammed our cocktails and high tailed it.  As we were leaving we had to walk right past him.  He never looked up or even acknowledged we were leaving.  Interestingly enough... Around 8:00p as we were walking back to our car from Muramoto, we glanced into the front window of Nat Spil.  It looked they had a whooping crowd of about 6 people.  I wonder how many other people left after dealing with that ass-bag waiter?!?
4	The food is great here, everything that I have tried has been excellent.  The 3 cup chicken is delicious, I would recommend it to everyone.  Across the board everything is a dollar or so over priced, but that keeps out all the college scavengers.  The vibe is great, nice and cozy space that seems to be self regulated and not too packed.  When I'm in the area I definitely stop here for a drink or two before moving out to the higher capacity bars.  So in my opinion I would recommend it as a good place to start the night, great food and atmosphere. Thumbs up from me.
4	Fine selection of booze and beer, tasty late night eats, and a comfortable atmosphere for talking with friends.
4	Natspil has excellent food and great prices and quite a funky little atmosphere.  The drawback is the space itself, which is quite small and can get crowded.  It also has a bit of a clique-y hipsters-only feel to it sometimes.  Servers flock to the bar to spend their tips at this place, and sometimes that is just not the crowd I want as a backdrop.  But go there in the early evening and order the pork sammy and some of the dim-sum.  You'll be glad you did.
3	Natt Spil... it's alright.  I'm between 2 stars on it's lousy and over crowded nights, and an easy 3+ stars on the nights when it's the right size crowd, the windows are open, and I'm getting food.  So... let's break it down...Cash only.  'Apps' is the food here, for a snack.  Beers/drinks aren't anything special, with a moderate selection.  If it's incredibly packed, don't bother with food... you'll just feel in the way.  They do serve late (not sure how late), so that's nice if it's a weekday.  Go with someone who has been there before if you can to avoid what other people mention about it being 'confusing'.  The crowd is generally very casual.The best thing is that if you're downtown, you can 'try it out'... because if it sucks for you that night, walk somewhere else.  I'd definitely say to give it a go.
4	A few of the homies have spun at this spot so I've ended up here a few times. The first was on my last day in town during one of my antic laden trips to Madison. My bro from another mo, Vincenzo dragged me here to grab a bite and somethin' to sip on and since that drunken night I've been hooked... Hi(gh)-Tea! An incredible concoction of idunnowhatthefuck that in the words of Dave Chappelle (as Samuel L. Jackson) "GETS YOU DRUNK!" Oh, and I forgot to mention it's tasty enough to make you wanna lick the bottom of the glass doing your best Gene Simmons impersonation (it comes in a tall glass). Don't ask me what's in this magnificent beverage. I do however know the base is a green tea liqour. I'll never forget what the bartender said when I ordered it the first time... "You sure bro? That's got a lot of alcohol in it." Of course I'm sure, cousin. Haha, the hell do I look like? Oh, and the fried tofu here is pretty dece. I've had a few of their other entrees, but I can't recall what they were at the moment 'cause I shun sobriety.Oh, and I almost forgot... This place always has DOPE music playing. ALWAYS. The DJ's that frequent this place are sick. I've heard Max Romeo over funk breaks here. Are you kidding me!? SICK.
5	Good food.  Unique drinks.  Possibly the best ambience in Madison.  Great DJs.  Better on the weekdays cuz it gets crowded cuz it's so narrow.  If there was more room, I'd for sure say it's my favorite bar in Madison
3	When it's not super-crowded, Natt Spil is delightful. Tasty drinks, food that looks mouth-watering (I've only had the bacon something-or-other pizza, and it was quite good), and a good rotation of DJs. The space is dimly lit, warm, and cozy, and their tiny outdoor seating section is perfect on warm weeknights when you want to converse with a few friends while enjoying a cool beverage.When the Natt Spil is hopping though, it's not my cup of tea. It's such a narrow building that in order to move you have to make full-body contact with everyone surrounding you as you slink through the masses - I (semi-jokingly) refer to it as Frotteur Heaven for good reason. Aside from having to get overly-friendly with your neighbors, people end up awkwardly standing in the spaces between tables and holding their drinks over diners' heads. As a clumsy lady, this makes me nervous.So, to review: laid-back nights = awesome, crowded nights = not so much.
5	This place houses my FAVORITE meal in madtown... 3 CUP TOFU!This stuff is amazing!  White rice topped with a deliciously sweet and spicy sauce with tofu that is cooked to perfection with some amazing pickled vegetables on the side.  My boyfriend is a meat eater and this is always what he orders as well.  And we always start with the chips and guac.Seriously, stop in for this meal!!!Drink wise, they have a large selection, I usually get a beer and the bf loves the high tea (i think that's what it's called).Love that they have DJ's every night.As for the crowd, I feel as if it is the perfect mix of all types of people.
4	This was my second time to Natt Spil. The first time I went, my boyfriend and I went on a date. From what I remembered, he ordered a pizza with mushroom so I wouldn't eat it (HATE mushrooms) and I had the three cup chicken. I was surprised with the amount of Asian influence, but I enjoyed it. Chris didn't like how dark it was and I how I selected tree stumps without backs for seating arrangements. Whatever, he is just not hip enough. When we went again, we just went for drinks. I had a super strong mojito and he just had a lame-o Tanqueray and tonic. He drank two of those really quickly, so I don't know if it was just the quality was superior to the average rail drink or it was weak. My mojito was good, but lacking on the sugar. I really like the atmosphere and layout of this bar. It reminds me of hipster Brooklyn with a milder hipster attitude. I would love to go again and again, but unfortunately my friends never want to wander to the Capitol bars with me.
4	Love the atmosphere at this joint. It's become a regular stop in the last year. Great soundtrack!  If you try one food item, check out the pork sammie. If you try one drink, go for the high tea. If you don't try either one, then fuck you...I didn't want you to try them anyway.
4	I went here last Thursday while visiting the city of Madison with a group of friends, six to be exact.  We were thirsty so we bellied up to the bar right away.  The bartender was very friendly and looked like he was enjoying his job.  I was in search of strong drink so I ordered a whiskey sour which cost me a measly 5 bucks.  The drinks here are defiantly worth the price.  I ended up having to add two more people to our party last minute and our servers Jessica and Jamie were more than accommodating to help us out with the two additional guests.  I ordered a pizza which was relatively cheap and tasted amazing!  We finished our meal with more drinks and eventually left.  I will definitely be returning to the Natt Spil, on my next trip to Madison.
4	Me, in a rowdy pre-wedding crew: "Can I have a Bulleit on the rocks?"Bartender: "Bullet?"Me: "Bullaaay? Bullet?"Bartender: "Bullet."Then we piled in a booth near the front to continue celebrating the evening into the morning. Natt Spil, I never remember very much from you, but what can recall is always fantastic.See you next time!
5	Natt Spil is a must for me every time I make a trip to Madison.  However, it can get pretty crowded on some nights.  This wouldn't be problem except for the fact that the venue is small.  You can't do much moving around on busy nights and waiting for a table can take forever.  Still, the atmosphere is really nice and comfortable on a low key night.  It's a great place to have dinner and conversation with friends.  There's a fairly priced Asian fusion menu.  No where else have I been able to choose between dim sum or pizza.  The mussels are a favorite!  I'm not much of a drinker but the drink menu is definitely extensive and you'll have plenty to select from.I always look forward to stopping by Natt Spil.  It may be hard to find for a first timer, as there are no literal signs that give it away, but once you do find it, you'll enjoy it.
3	We went here with a small group for a late night dinner after a night out. The atmosphere was awesome, the music was great, and the food and drinks were amazing. The only thing lacking was the service. By midnight, there weren't many people seated in the dining area besides us, so one waitress was taking care of everyone. She took our orders and brought our food quickly, but after that I think she got sick of working...after waiting for our check for 30 minutes, we could see her across the restaurant laughing and talking with what appeared to be her friends, and later making out with some dude right by our table. One of my friends fell asleep waiting for this girl. After waiting eons for our check, it finally arrived and we left her a pitiful tip...and she chased us outside asking "What was wrong with my service?" We informed her that waiting 30 minutes for a check in an empty restaurant while she sucked face with her manfriend in front of us equals a small tip. She didn't take that well...anyhow, I would totally recommend this place for good food and drinks and a fun atmosphere.
5	I love this place. It almost has an underground L.A. bar type feel to it. I have been coming here for about a year now and it is always a blast. They have a live DJ (every time I have been there) and I am assuming that is all they have. Drinks are good they even have absinthe! Reasonably priced but can get pricey.
4	Love the food, love the decor, love the atmosphere, but you can end up waiting a long time for a table, and it can get rather crowded with so many people in a small space.Loved the fusion menu and the creative ways in which meals are prepared. Definitely a great place to go for new and exciting options.
4	Cool, pseudo-underground bar in Madison. Very unique decor, and mysterious lighting. They usually have a DJ on busy nights.Food is good- good asian-ish selection of snacks. Three cup chicken/tofu is solid, along with their pizza selections.They have a pretty solid drink menu; good liquor selection and interesting beers on tap.If they started accepting credit cards, this place would blow up. Maybe that's intentional; don't think it could handle much more people.
5	This place is great!  Tons of character, awesome food and best of all they play old school rap.  The steamed wontons are so good and the duck duck soup is amazing.  Love their wine and beers on tap.  Highly recommended.  You won't be disappointed.
4	What a cool little place.   I would say it's "Dive" but that could be taken negatively. There is no sign outside, there is no sign on the door, no real advertisement - nothing that would ever tell you "Come inside me and have a great time"The Decor was great.  It was very peaceful and the people / servers were all very friendly and nice.    Quant, fun, and loved the food.  I had a brick fire oven pizza (artichoke, feta cheese, red peppers, and pepperoni) - Breathtaking!!!  The dumplings I had as an app. was the best way to start the meal - and I ended it with a huge brownie!!I will certainly be coming back.
5	This hidden establishment is cozy, dark and welcoming. When you first enter you are greeted immediantly and are given choices of where to dine.  (unless you will just be sitting at the bar, which is also magnificent. )Natt Spil is a long narrow dimly lit rustic sort of atmosphere. (it is usuallly PACKED on the weekends, so beware)  there are super cozy corners with a few finished tree stumps for seating which are nestled up to dark real wood tables. Also there are boothes for larger (4 maybe 6 top) groups along the bar area but I love the cozy areas. Natt Splis' food it seriously worth a trip. The wood-fired oven is a major plus for their offerings (the pizza's OMG)....but I personally love the Mussels!! The two variations i have indulged in are just over the top amazing. The dim sum is exquisite. You must dive into them!!...(right around the corner from Great Dane btw)..if you desire differerent and satisfying, playful delicious Martini's, attentive bartending, and incredible eats worth remembering. you must find them!!!   Natt Spil has been one of my most memorable experiences in Madison. (a few times) Do It!!
4	Very cool vibe-- there isn't a banner though so you have to look out for it or you'll miss it! The Pork Sandwich is awesome, as is the brie and apple pizza (I get mine with bacon-- yum!). Cash only I think. Avoid the chili infused vodka and stick with beer. On Monday, they have a pizza and pitcher special. Nice! Crowd is always interesting too...
5	Translates to "night play" or "after party" in Norwegian -- as you can imagine, this place is open late in the night all week.I'd like to think of this Madison's hidden gem of a bar (no sign outside, no phone)! Good drinks; Great ambiance  - Intimate; Asian influenced- one of the owners spent a lot of time in China. Their wood-burning oven roasted pizzas are very good. Love their three-cup tofu - an amazing blend of flavors served with rice and pickled veggies. I usually have them go a little easy on the soy and it is perfect for me. Their hummus plate is also delicious and a good value for the money.Seating -- if it is winter, find a seat further inside - the door opening can get pretty drafty.  If there is a DJ, the back of the place can get loud. The best, most intimate space is at the furthest back wall on the left -- there is a little alcove with about 4 tables! If it is summer, their front windows open out, so you can sit either up front or outside and it is quite nice.Note: Small food menu and No credit cards accepted (ATM on site though)
5	When choosing my star-rating of places on Yelp, I usually compare the establishment to some sort of standard for the category it is in. This is impossible for Natt Spil, because there is no category. This is the iron man of food and drink joints. If you do not come here while in Madison or the neighborhood specifically, you are missing out!Whether it is their rocking Dim Sum (my group split 3/4 of the options, and they were all top notch), their pizzas, or the eclectic options like this unbelievable Duck Duck Soup, you can't go wrong!The drink options also abound with great local and farther options of craft beer and cocktails that looked quite tasty (stuck to beer though, so I'm just guessing).Service was friendly and attentive, and the whole feel of this place is just hip while still being comfy. There's even a DJ tucked away in the place too.Seriously, do not miss this place. We will be back whenever we're in Madison.
5	This place is awesome! My husband, aunt, uncle, and myself were in Madison from Chicago. The place has a very interesting menu - dim sum and pizza were two of their specialties. Apparently we could not decide what to order, so we ordered everything! We had each kind of dim sum, and a sausage pizza, both of which were fresh, different, and delicious. But the real highlight was the duck duck soup. I really do not have words for it, and I am an English teacher!They also have great beers, a swanky atmosphere, and a DJ camped out in the corner. Awesome all around!
5	Maybe it's the three cup chicken (such a simple dish, but it literally haunts my dreams)? Maybe it's the stiff cocktails? Maybe it's the fact that it isn't swarming with raging college kids (no disrespect, but it's nice when you need a night to recover from typical UW debauchery)? All I know is that after spending 4 years exploring Madison, and visiting twice since graduation, Natt Spil is my go-to.The crowd is a bit on the hipster side, but I've seen all sorts of people set up shop and feel completely comfortable here. There is no website, sign outside or phone number, which keeps the place from becoming a mob scene. The lighting is dark, the music (usually a live DJ) is loud, the atmosphere is casual but cool and well designed. Sort of an Asian-influenced speakeasy meets your uncle's log cabin up north.The dim sum is always a good bet (like, an exceptionally good bet...), and the pizzas never disappoint. Also, the aforementioned three cup chicken just does something to me. Great food at an even better price. Some solid, super-affordable wine and beer selections, too.I've been here on dates and with a couple of friends at a time, but wouldn't recommend it for a big group. It's more of an intimate spot. Bring cash or your ATM card, credit cards are not accepted. Lastly, the kitchen is open until pretty late (1am I believe), which rules.And so concludes my first Yelp review. I just wanted to pour one out for my homie. Natt Spil-I miss you.
5	This is my favorite place to sit down for a drink. It is dark and cozy with interesting decor and design. Also great is they have food, and really good food too (dim sum, hummus, pizza) not your typical bar stuff. It's not dirt cheap but I would not say it is expensive, just the right price for the quality. Yes, it is a bit on the hipster side but don't let the hipsters have all the fun, check it out for yourself!
5	When I eventually leave Madison, Natt Spil is one of a handful of restaurants I'll miss. As other reviewers have noted, the Three Cup Tofu and Three Cup Chicken are the bomb. I used to get the chicken, but as a New Year's resolution, I decided to torture myself more and animals less by only eating local/sustainable meat. Yes, I am those people in Portlandia. The first thing I thought of when I made that decision was "no more Three Cup Chicken," which was rough, since this is one of two dishes I turn to whenever I crave eating out (the other is the Harmony Bar's walnut burger and chips with blue cheese). Since I made that resolution, I have turned to the tofu, which is fabulous. The dish comes with pickled vegetables and rice. I've never eaten anything bad at Natt Spil, but I also particularly recommend the pizza. Natt Spil also has the city's best drink, the Orange Dragon. It involves their Thai chile-infused vodka (which gives the drink a nice blast of heat) and orange blossom. The other week, Jeanette the bartender (also one of the city's best) made me a cocktail of the Thai chile vodka and the green tea kombucha, another fantastic cocktail.The only crappy thing about Natt Spil is its design. I always sit at the bar, because then at least all the people I am with can have a view of sorts and a chair to sit in. I hate restaurant designs that force one person to sit staring at a wall and, in this case, with that person's butt in the middle of a (sometimes unbearably) busy restaurant. Seating issues aside, this is one of the best places to eat and drink in Madison. And in the evenings, there are always djs playing great music.
4	finally checked this place out tonight (a monday) and I have to say, I was impressed. we were seated immediately and our waiter was super attentive. I might wait to go back until it cools down a little as they don't have a/c, but you really can't beat $16 for a great pizza and a pitcher... not to mention interesting atmosphere and good music playing.
5	Great food and drinks, better music. My first time there was for an early dinner and the service and food was great. I came back craving Duck Duck Soup late one Friday night and was happy to find out their kitchen stays open until 1a. As I slurped down noodles and guzzled a spotted cow, my ears were treated to the best DJ set I've heard in years, thank you Jeremy Thomas. It was smart, smooth, funky, and made my night. For this quality, it's hard to believe they don't charge cover.There are tradeoffs to places that are really good, and there is always room for improvement. Service, though friendly, is unreasonably slow when it's busy. You may encounter groups of students looking to party late in the evening. I wouldn't come here for that - the space is too small. And my thoughts on the red lantern decor: Why??
5	I have to agree with Erin C.  This place is a great find that I've walked past numerous times on my way to other restaurants and always wondered about.  Now that I have experienced Natt Spil, I'm hoping it won't be more crowded next time I visit.It was FABULOUS!Dark and quiet with a friendly staff and an atmosphere that you can just sink into and enjoy.Whether to meet a friend or enjoy a fabulous dinner, Natt Spil was a fantastic choice that will be made again!
5	Love this place. Low profile. Good place to take someone visiting from out of town. Good food, reasonable prices. Cozy and dark atmosphere. Busy and noisy. Had to wait for a table but not long and it wasn't uncomfortable. Have been here only twice. Looking forward to going again.
1	One of the worst meals and service I've ever had.  Try any other place for food and to get good service.
4	Crowded and hip. Live dj. Snag a booth and you will be a happy camper. Average beer selection.
4	This is a great place if you're in with the artsy crowd... and don't mind crowds.It's small, but the service is generally better than OK, so is the food, and so are the drinks.For a night out, get there early and expect loud music and a small crowd. As long as you're okay with that, it's a great little spot.Oh, and hit the ATM before you go... it's cash only.
5	Came for drinks and had the High Tea, highly recommended! However, it smelled so insanely good I can not wait to go back and actually try their food. I have never walked through a restaurant with such a variety of aromatic goodness!
1	This place was fucking bullshit.  The waitress not only failed to pay attention to us, but when she did talk to us, she spoke to us about how the couple next to us gave her a shit tip. So, I decided to give her a shit tip for being completely incompetent.  Please, if you live in Madison, never visit this place.  Natt spil?  More like Natt good.
4	They may not have a sign on the door. They may not have a phone you can call.But they have damn good food and that's what matters.What should you get! Start with Bombay and grapefruit. They put basil on the margherita pizza, so have them muddle that in your bev, sick back, sip and enjoy. (My hope is if enough people ask for muddled basil it'll become a regular fixture on the menu). Next up grab some mussels, in a broth so tasty, I wanted to ask for a ladle to spoon out every drop. I seriously don't know what's goin on in there (except for butter), but the stuff is bomb. Mussels are too. Super fresh, a breeze to slurp and not at all fishy. Next up grab their Mediterranean plate which sports grilled pita and two dips for dunkin'. First is a nice pepper spread, think humos but with a pepper base, and the second is a super intriguing almond butter garlic situation that I couldn't get enough of. Service isn't super quick. But I don't think they care that it takes them a while to navigate the nooks and crannies of this randomly laid out space, so I stopped caring too. The stuff I put in my mouth more than made up for the fact that we waited a bit for drink refreshers and a check.
4	I think this was the first restaurant I ate at in Madison. And it definitely set the right tone for the rest of the city.No sign at the door, which makes it a little hard to wander in unless you know you are coming here. For reference, it's right next to the Great Dane. Also, bring cash. But then again...if you forget there's an ATM conveniently located inside.We're pretty boring when it comes to this place. Meaning that what we got that first time was so good that we barely deviate. Usually go with the following dim sum: duck duck soup, mussels, and dumplings.Some of our deviations have not been too pleasant. For some reason have never had luck with any of the daily specials. And for pizza we unfortunately only tried the brie and apple (what was I thinking??) The atmosphere is killer and they always have a live DJ. Yeah.
5	Three words, three cup chicken. So great! I love the cucumber tomato side. All the pizzas are also delicious are reasonably priced. The High Tea is also good, but kind of pricey
4	Very good wood fired thin crust pizza.  Not greasy.  Very similar to pizza in Italy but with more toppings. Not cheap but not too expensive. Lively crowd.
5	I love this place!Pros:- The three-cup tofu is outstanding.  I know what you are thinking: "Tofu? Really?"  Yes, really.  I will be the first to admit that tofu can go terribly wrong, but this is delicious.  It is the first tofu that I have ever craved.- The Dim Sum options are fresh and delicious.  I recommend the Sriracha wontons.- The interior is awesome.  It is like a modern take on an opium den.  I find it very relaxing and engaging all at the same time.- The service has always been very professional, knowledgeable, and on-the-ball.- Lots of parking in the ramp around the corner by the Dane.Cons:- It can be loud on weekend nights.  This is a great place for dinner with friends before a show - a bad place for weekend romance.- The seats are very close together.  Again, fun with friends, not so good for whispering sweet nothings.- There can be a little bit of angsty hipsterness.  Embrace it and you'll be fine.- Cash only, but they do have an ATM.- The pizza is fine, but not rave worthy.  Try something else on the menu that is wonderful.
3	Oh, Natt Spil, you're a fun place to hang out at. You've got wonderful cocktails and delicious infused vodka.Your food? Well, that's pretty good, too.But when one of your waiters decides to take food away when we're clearly not finished eating? Well, that's going to cause you a loss of two stars. And, I might add, a decline in tip percentage.Three stars, easily could've been 4+. Service takes a nasty toll, though. Tsk tsk.
5	Stopped in for a few drinks with a good friend and immediately felt at home. The place was busy, Sat night in the city and all, but tables were cleared quickly as people finished eating. We decided to wait for a seat at the bar. Loved the open concept and exposed kitchen next to the bar. Mood was relaxed, music was good. Noticed that there was a spot for a DJ overlooking the lower part of the space. Would definitely go back.
4	I really enjoy coming to Natt Spil! The drinks and food I've had have been good, no complaints here, but I know I need to try the "dim sum". The pizza, mussels and chips and dip are fantastic.What I love best about Natt Spil is the ambiance. I just love *being* there. Granted, I go at weird times because of my schedule-- week nights, mostly -- so I don't have to fight for a good seat.Whether sitting at a table or the bar I feel the warmth of the red tones brought out by very, very dim lighting (and the fire from the wood burning oven!). Once my eyes adjust to the darkness, I start to notice different textures all over the place. Just look around: even the bathrooms are coated in different textures! It's truly a work of art just being there.Practical tip: cash only.
5	Natt Spil has a super fun ambiance- dim lights, funky wood benches and decor. Tonight we had the brie/apple pizza tonight and the dumplings as a starter. They were both really good. Although, we would have liked the pizza toppings to be a little more spread out towards the crust, the apple and cheese were more concentrated in the middle . We went on a Monday where there's a deal of a pizza and a pitcher of beer for $17-- not bad! Also got a birthday shot of their coffee infused vodka- yum!Our server was very friendly and attentive. We had been there before so had an option or two of what we wanted, but he was able to give some good tips.Great place to go on a date or out with some friends.
3	I've been to Natt Spil a few times and had pretty similar experiences each time. It's very busy on the weekends, but my most recent trip was on a Monday night with a group of 7 for dinner. The ambiance is funky and hipsterish. I like it generally, but it was too dark and the music was too loud for a Monday night. On a weekend night I expect this, but it was 7pm on a Monday and we wanted to hear each other. I have also never been to Natt Spil and had enough room. Even on a fairly un-crowded Monday night, the 7 of us were crowded at a table that could comfortably seat 5. Our server was attentive even though we were nestled back near the DJ. The food is pretty good. On Mondays you get a pizza and a pitcher for $16, which is a good deal, and we got 4 of these specials at our table, sampling 3 different pizzas, all of which were good. My husband had been excited about the mussels, which they didn't have that night. Salads were hit or miss, and the shu mai wasn't popular with a couple in our group, although my husband liked it.The weirdest thing was that the beer wasn't very cold. We got 4 pitchers of 3 different types of beer. At least 2 of the beers were warm. In the past, I've ordered a bottle of wine that also came warm. It was red wine, which is still supposed to be served colder than room temperature, but it was definitely warmer than room temp. Disappointing because they have a pretty good wine list. Although they have a rotating beer list, I wasn't too impressed with their choices. It would be so easy to pick more popular or more exciting beers. I know lots of people who love Natt Spil, but I am still not sold. With so many better options with more light, more space, and better food, I'm not sure I see the point. I would probably return for the pizza and pitcher special, for late night drinks or food, but not for dinner on a random night of the week.
1	Offering shots to a table of noticeably disgruntled people does not rectify forgetting to put in a food order. Forget the DJ on a Wednesday night, stop letting your waitstaff drink on the job, and just do what you are trying to do-- be a cool looking bar, offer decent food, and make quality drinks.
3	Natt Spil is a dark, shotgun-style space with Oriental decor, a Chinese-meets-Italian menu, and a Norwegian name. It's...a little different, to say the least. Sadly, I think the owners have overreached, but maybe they just need more time.My friend and I met in the dark (very dark) back for a nice supper, but instead chose to go with a couple of small plates. Just as well, as that is the focus of the very small menu. Our cocktails took an inordinate amount of time to get to us, but were well-prepared. My friend's "green thumb" was deemed good and my negroni was solid.Food also took a while to get out to us. The shu mai were just on the good side of decent, with a fair sauce and a generous plumpness. However, the water chestnut purported to be within was not noticeable in either taste nor texture. The brie and apple pizza, however, was a pleasant surprise. While the sage was a suggestion at best -- and maybe that's a good thing -- the pizza was cooked propery and generously topped with nicely melted brie and clear, fresh apples that complemented the crisp-tender but uncharred crust of the pizza. Quite good, and worth returning for,.Natt Spil is a strange, disjointed place off King Street that I cannot figure out 100%. They're getting a three-star rating instead of a two-star simply for that. While drinks were good, our service was slow and the food nothing special. I'm not saying avoid it, but I'm not really recommending it either.
4	Good food, great drinks, poor ventilation.  Sitting in back is fun most of the year, but you'll want to be front by a window in summer.  Cash only, but there's an ATM.The pork sammie is fantastic.  It's savory, it's spicy, and so full you need the sturdy baguette to keep things together.The duck duck soup is usually delicious.  Not as good as ramen at Umami, but an excellent appetizer and very comforting on a cold day.Their wood-fired pizzas are well-executed.  I'm partial to the brie and apple, but I tend to enjoy the combination of cheese and fruits in general.They have a decent selection of craft beers and they make good cocktails.  Start your evening here, and you can walk on to Opus or Merchant if you're looking for more.
3	It took me a while to construct this review - mostly because I forgot that I'd even tried this place. TBH, the most memorable aspect of the meal was the company of my dining companion. While there is nothing wrong with that, for a restaurant that had quite a few yelpers raving, I was disappointed.My first impression of the place was that it was really, really dark. It took a while for my eyes to adjust to the darkness, but after they did, I was able to appreciate the oriental-inspired decor. While I was waiting for my friend to arrive, I ordered a Green Thumb per the recommendation of our host. It was a refreshing cocktail of cucumber juice, gin, and a splash of ginger beer. It also happened to go extremely well with the food we ordered. What a happy coincidence! Other than that, our meal was average...nothing spectacular and definitely nothing I would find myself craving on any given day. We ordered the shu mai and brie/apple pizza. The shu mai comes as an order of three good-sized dumplings doused in a splash of dumpling sauce. They certainly don't skimp on the shu mai ingredients, but I think it was really the dumpling sauce that did the trick. As for the pizza, I'm not a big fan of brie or apple, but together, they worked. The thin crust was a little lacking in flavor, but otherwise, it was a solid pie.All in all, I'd say that Natt Spil isn't quite a 3, but it also is not so mediocre as to only merit 2 stars...so take that as you will!
4	Considering how roughly eight months of the year in Madison could be described as "winter," it's not much of a surprise I've only been to Natt Spil when the weather was chilly and the restaurant's dark, warm, somewhat mysterious confines enticed me off the street. I've described Natt Spil to friends as "a Leaky Cauldron incarnate;" a pub with somewhat of an intangible mystique. (Plz excuse Harry Potter references).Now, the promise of sipping an Oberon on a sunny summer evening could get me in the door of basically any spot in town. The perfectly spicy, tangy Three Cup Tofu and nice (albeit teensy) outdoor seating area is what drew me to Natt Spil last night and it definitely did not disappoint. My boyfriend got the Greek Goddess Love Nest pizza (feta, artichokes, olives, red peppers) and raved. My tofu was cooked to perfection (a feat rarely achieved, vegetarians/vegans can I get a hell yeah?) and came with a side of spicy tomato and cucumber salad. For those inclined chicken can be subbed in for the 'fu. Definitely staying at the top of my list for a certifiably great dinner and drink.
4	On a perfect summer day in Madison we stopped by to grab a late dinner snack at Natt Spil, one of our favorite relaxed but obscure spots with the decor of an opium den slash western saloon. It was lively but we found seats right away, close to the window since their few al fresco sidewalk tables were all taken. No more duck duck soup on the menu, but a BBQ pork soup instead. We opted for the Natt Spil sausage pizza, which had a crunchy crust and juicy center, with spicy fennel and pepperoncini seeds mashed between bites of goat cheese and tomatos. The High Tea was a refreshing, citrusy gulp and an appropriate accompaniment. Music-wise, they played everything from motown to grunge - but all good music - until the DJ came on around 9pm.  Cash or local checks only!
3	I don't get what this place is supposed to be.Is it a bar? Is it a lounge? Is it a restaurant?Well, first of all, there's always music in the background. And by music, I mean really loud sounds. I'm trying to make conversation here, helllloooo?!Second, this place is really dark. I don't know about you guys, but I'm pretty bad at seeing in the dark. Mix that with the small, cramped space and too many glasses of alcohol, and you will definitely see someone make a fool out of themselves (most likely me. Ok it was me....).Third, why are your waitresses so surly? I'm coming in to buy a few drinks, so the least you can do is take my order without attitude. I don't expect to be greeted with smiles, rainbows and butterflies, but when I'm trying to throw money your way, be a bit more responsive.  Whatever, at least the Merchant is right next door.
3	Good food, but I can't give it any higher than 3 stars because of the weird ass music the DJs play.
4	natt spil natt spil.. It's probably one of my favorite bars in Madison. Tucked away on the King street next to the Great Dane. I have been coming here for drinks ever since I turned 21 so like 4 years ago? (god I'm getting old). I love the ambiance. it's dark.. most of the time you can't see anything (so come here if you just want to chill on a friday night with a drink or two and don't want to put any make up on .. no one will notice lol).  there's always a DJ when I'm there which are mostly on weekends. oh and the red oriental lanterns remind me of old school Chinese movies. In terms of drinks, I like the mojito.. really well made and so refreshing, reminds me of the mojito I had from Spain. I remember I was not a fan of Yokohoma mama but I don't remember what was in it. I also like High Tea, little gingerly taste and citrusy. I also had wine a few times. I have never had their martini.. not sure why.. but that will be on my list to try next time. My friend who's also a fan of Natt spil mentioned to me their dim sum is worth a try too. However I'm a little skeptical about the authenticity dimsum at a bar in Madison.. I will reserve my dimsum cravings for the tea house in Chicago. Last but not the least, for us poor college students, the price is not your typical college bar.. average drink ranges between $7-8 which is a reason why I gave it a 4 and not a 5.
4	Great atmosphere and Pizza. Will return and would surely recommend. Great location too.
5	This place is the shit. Super hipster and had great drinks. The pizza is to die for and the music is awesome. If you're looking for a place off the main drag than this is it. Hope your enjoy your time.
5	Natt Spil is up there as one of my favorite places to go when i'm craving drinks and food.  First off, the place isn't labelled, and doesn't even have a phone.  So, note that it's the building with the green awning next to The Great Dane further down King.With that out of the way, i'll say that the food is awesome, and there's plenty of variety.  Some of the dishes I liked a lot included the brie & apple pizza, the middle eastern vegetarian snack plate, and the three cup tofu.  It's well worth making separate trips to try them all, because you'll also want to keep coming back for the drinks.  In addition to having a wide selection of liquors, they concoct several specialty drinks, and a lot of them are hits.  I recommend just giving any of them a whirl if you're not too picky, otherwise the chocolate martini and the Pom Collins are sure winners.The Natt Spil's ambience might be polarizing to some, but I really like it.  It's very dark inside with only accent lights, and there's a small outdoor area in the front.  Nearly every night there's a DJ spinning records, and the selections are unconventional, but serve as perfect background music for chatting with friends.Natt Spil is one of Madison's best kept secrets, and at the very least I highly recommend going to see what the hype is about.
5	Love their mussels... They will even leave out the cream if I ask. Fabulous mojito's in the summer and great Old Fashioned in the winter. Side salad a secret treat. Pizza's are thin and crispy. Just the right amount of cheese.  My son is addicted to their three cup chicken. Chef very accommodating, ask and you will receive. Love the mural in the back. Go see Landology play great music. all in all a great place.
4	I like this place a lot. Didn't know about it until I began working with one of the managers and we went for happy hour. I've been a few more times, and it is a cool atmosphere. It has warm (but dark) lighting and a good drink selection. The menu is short and interesting, but everything is worth trying. I recommend the hummus place and the brie and apple pizza (add bacon to it).This is a cool place to go for casual drinks on a weekday in the winter months.
3	I don't really understand this place.  It seems like a cool lounge where you hang out and chat with friends, but the music is way too loud for that.  There isn't any space to dance or walk around and mingle.I came in with a huge group, and we didn't fit anywhere.  Everyone was looking at us, we were in the way in so many different place.We came for the coffee shot, and we all had it.  It was tasty.They were quick to bring out our shots, and passed them all at the same time which was cool.
4	The only thing I dislike about Natt Spil is trying to decide between the pork Sammie and the three cup chicken. Oh and the pizza. And the Mediterranean plate. The drinks are also great. It can be a little noisy sometimes but otherwise the atmosphere is nice.
1	Good: Drinks.Bad: Service, Food, atmosphere.Not impressed at all. On a Sunday night, the service was agonizingly slow. We got waters when we sat down, but the waitress didn't come back for another 20 minutes to take our orders. "Oh hey, I didn't want to interrupt your conversation, it looked like you were having a good time." Really? Maybe we were animatedly conversing about how hard it is to get a server's attention. We ordered some cocktails and food to share.The drinks were very well mixed; between the three of us, we had the Natt Spil daquiri, the Creole Napoleon, and some other drink that had an interesting name but NO DESCRIPTION. Seriously, how are people supposed to order something to drink when they have no idea what is in it? What's in the Kingston Tingle? Rum with a dash of syphilis? Normal bars have descriptions of their drinks; I know you want to be a special snowflake but making it inconvenient to order drinks via slow service + no description doesn't really entice people to come back. The food we ordered took quite a while to come out, probably due to the fact that there was only one guy working the open kitchen. The shu mai was a sad travesty of what it is supposed to be. The dumpling skin was rubbery and tough, like it had been steamed too long; the sauce was a brown, gloopy mess. The filling was a lump of mystery meat. (Here's a thought, maybe you could put some more effort into describing what is on your menu! *GASP*)The spring rolls we ordered were a) stuffed with literally the most flavorless things you could find (shredded iceberg lettuce, shredded cabbage, what appeared to be clover, tofu, and some other crap) and loosely wrapped with a sheet of rubber. Just kidding, it was rice paper that hadn't been soaked long enough. The spring rolls were ensconced on a bed of shredded lettuce and cabbage and drowned with a sweet chili sauce diluted with rice vinegar. The spring rolls were quite possibly the worst I have ever seen. Not only were they so loosely wrapped they flopped around like a limp d*ck, they had absolutely no taste and no redeeming qualities. The three cup chicken dish should be renamed "Chicken Stir Fry That Bears No Resemblance To The Actual Three Cup Chicken Dish." It literally tasted like chicken stir fry you can get at the Memorial Union (except there you would save like $5 and be able to hear your friends talk, and not walk into tables because it's so  dark.) Here is a link to a great recipe for three cup chicken [http://rasamalaysia.com/three-cups-chicken-recipe/]; even if you are the worst cook and f*ck it up completely, it will probably still taste better than Natt Spil's offering.Lastly, let's talk about the atmosphere that the pretentious hipsters that opened this place are going for. Madison Magazine described it as "[evocative of] a Taiwanese beer hall" (and for those of you who need a geography refresher, Taiwan is that tiny island off the coast of China), but I would describe it as "hipster steampunk opium den." Seriously, there is literally a giant a** picture of a person smoking a pipe in the back room. Let's move on to their business model: no phone, no sign, cash only, terrible menu layout, dim lighting, a weird name which means absolutely nothing to most people (apparently Natt Spil = Norweigian for 'night play'),  slow service, and really, terrible food. Your menu is deliberately a "hodgepodge" of "pan-global comfort food," but maybe you should limit yourself. Stick to what you know, and what you know apparently is NOT Asian food.
4	An unmarked building.  Dark, mood lighting inside.  A DJ in the back spinning records (this night was techno!).  I present you Natt Spil.  Such an interesting, yet lovely ambiance.The ambiance feels really cozy, and everyone is situated at wooden tables/booths throughout.  It reminded me of a place I had been to in NYC that I had ventured to before, and absolutely adored.They had a great beer selection, and their pizzas looked divine (I wish we had come sooner to try a few)!  I was in a fancy mood, and opted for a glass of sauvignon blanc to tide the evening over. Also, bring cash, or use their ATM in the back.
5	Ok you guys. It's loud. They don't have a phone. There's no sign. But you know what? They consistently make the best med plate on town. And service is stellar. Better each time! I adore this gem off the Capitol. And you should too.
5	Came here tonight around 11-11:30ish and received very excellent service considering where we were coming from, Tornado Room, we received horrible service. So we came in took our seats, instantly greeted by a server got our waters and shots in pretty quick and I personally order a mojito which was delicious! For food we shared spring rolls, the dumplings, spicy cheese wontons, cucumber tomato salad and a pepperoni and mushroom pizza everything was a 10/10 :)!  I even went back for a second round of the sausage and shrimp dumplings! Seriously to die for! :) I would definitely recommend this place to anybody and will definitely be returning.  Also I really liked the music :).  Oh and the prices were definitely something to come-in for.  I didn't catch our servers name but he was excellent and funny :) I hope he appreciated our tip! Will be returning soon!
5	Starting to really love this place! The bartender was very polite I think his name was Matt and our server Nathan was very attentive and very fast! Never anything bad to say about this place!  The dumplings are by far my most favorite thing! So delicious!
4	Four stars for ambience and service; not-five stars for shrimp cakes.I'll get the negatives out of the way first. Shrimp cakes were...meh. Not terrible, but I wasn't a fan of the texture (this is more of a personal preference thing, but the cakes had whole chunks of shrimp in them, including those crunchy outer/end bits, and I like my seafood cakes smoother), or the rather one-dimensional shrimp flavor. Not bad, but not great, for me.Hoooowever. The chips & salsa were awesome, as were the dumplings. Service, as mentioned in other reviews, really couldn't be better. The guys working were friendly without being pushy, we never had to ask for water refills or hunt them down for another drink, and they happily gave food recommendations. And the atmosphere is the best - very chill, very cozy, very authentic. Natt Spil knows what it is, and it doesn't try to be anything else.
5	Never have a bad thing to say about this place!  I just simply ADORE their dumplings. :) I don't quite remember the name of the bartender and cook but I think they were Jon and Travis? Big thanks to them :)
2	This is one of those places that many seem to rave about but I can barely tolerate. The food and drinks I have had were fine, but the pretentiousness of the patrons and the claustrophobic layout make this a place I only visit when dragged by my friends.Being a fairly tall guy with wide shoulders, I am the quintessential bull in a china shop here. The chairs are tiny, the booths tight and constricting, and the traffic flow narrow. If you are a short, thin, pretentious type, then this is probably the ideal place to hang out. But there are much better options nearby, such as Opus or Maduro.
5	Want to find the BEST mussels in Madison? You can't call and make a reservation, the place doesn't have a phone. You won't see it driving by. They don't have a sign in front. Once you're there, you better have cash...they don't take credit cards.  Of course I'm talking about Natt Spil. The venerable underground Madison institution on King St., just off the Capaital Square. Coming up on their 11 year anniversary, Natt Spil has been one of the best kept culinary secrets in Madison. Arguably serving the best mussels in Madison, this hidden gem (literally!) Serves some amazing food from one of the sparsest kitchens you'll ever see. Serving up neopolitan style pizza, awesome mussels, and other specialties, this is where the food industry people go to hang out, refresh, and regenerate after their shifts are done. With non-stop DJ music, bartenders bartenders (that wasn't a typo!), solid spirits, and terrific non-bar food eats, this is THE place to be...especially late night.Order anything off their very eclectic menu, and you won't be disappointed. The mussels are the best I've found in Madison.It's hard to find, but once you do, you'll be a regular too. Just be ready to buy your favorite server or bartender a drink when you run into them there.
4	I liked it. A lot. But, I sat at the bar, and I chatted-up the bartender and the chef while there. It was a Friday night at around 6:00pm or so... fairly busy, but not ridiculous. The bartender was helpful and friendly. I contemplated eating here, but eventually went next door; I probably should've stayed here. Food looked delicious; I've had the pizza during the Yelp Pizza Bracket, but don't feel that was a super fair example, as the pizza had to travel and sit for a while before being consumed.Taps were a reasonable $5; environment was cozy and comfortable. I'd go back again.
4	Here's what you need to know about Natt Spil:There's no sign, it's dark, kinda small and narrow...but there's a DJ there every night! Their bartenders are always awesome-especially if you're service industry. (Tully, anyone?)Let's be honest, it's kind of a sexy spot. The shumai is pretty good, and their three cup chicken is to die for--the salad that come with it is...*mwah*, beautiful--really good cucumber and tomato action going on. I'm kinda craving some now so maybe you'll see me there tonight. ;)I've got low key love for Natt Spil and I only wish they would get a credit card machine because who loves ATM fees? No one.
5	I was recommended this place by the bartender at the Up North bar down the street. I asked him for something local and good and he hands down recommended this place. He said there was no sign and to just go so i did. I made him point it out to me on the map and I'm glad I did or I probably wouldn't of found it. It was a Monday night so it wasn't busy and i just walked in and grabbed a table. Ordered a greek pizza and it was awesome. I couldn't eat it all even though it was only about the size of a large plate. I enjoyed it and would come back again!
4	AMBIENCE! This place has 'it'. Natt Spill is dark and relaxing, yet hip and exciting. It's a juxtaposition if there ever was one. This contrast can also be seen in their small, yet truly unique menu. Want pizza? Sure! Craving some dumplings? You got it. Or how about some chips and salsa? Uh-huh, okay!My favorite is the brie and apple pizza. Delicate and sweet. The dumplings are also a high contender. My friends have even coerced me into trying the mussels and I can say they aren't half bad. My 'buds were more in favor of the cascabel cream and bread-for-dipping that accompanied it, though. I generally wash it all down with the dangerously good cocktail, the High Tea, and I am good to go.....After I have just one more cocktail.
5	Insider tip!(If you can't or don't read the chalkboard.)Specials are stellar, and there's usually two. Ask about 'em.Get 'em both.Thank me later. I feel like typically there's a small plate and a 'za, although earlier last week it was a fall soup and the best egg rolls I've encountered here, pork and wild mushroom whaaaaaaa? We started with an order then ended our evening with another order. So ask. Or read. The more you know.
5	Natt Spil is on the top of my list for go-to bars. This place can easily be missed since it does not have a sign outside, but once you discover it you'll be glad you did! I like many of their menu items, but my favorites are the spicy cheese won tons, chips and salsa, the shu mai, and the pepperoni mushroom pizza. I love the brick oven they have because it gives this place such a cozy feeling. Make sure to take a shot of their house infused coffee vodka. Goes down smooth and it'll give you that needed dose of energy! Service here makes you feel like you are part of a family. Servers and bartenders are so welcoming and they always go above and beyond when it comes to making the customer happy. Shout out to Nate, Travis, and Kym. Great crew. A very important thing to know is that this is a CASH ONLY bar. Come prepared. If not, there is an ATM. Make sure to check out their awesome mural that they have by the back of the bar.
5	This little  bar/restaurant is the place to go on a Friday night! It is the perfect date spot-- dim lighting, great drinks, and a decent wine list.  The food is amazing, especially their pizza because they have an awesome wood burning oven.  This place is better in cooler months though as they don't have air conditioning.  It gets a little sweaty inside during summer months!
4	Came here while bar hopping downtown for a first date...pretty fun place...just not the place for a first date due to it being so loud.But....The atmosphere is super awesome at Natt Spil! it was really dimly lit but the candle lit tables help bring that extra glow...especially with the good company I had, made it a bit more cozier. I ended up getting the Hot Bourbon Cider off of their 'Specialty Cocktails' a bit too strong for me, but very tasty non the less.  And we also shared the chips, guac and salsa...pretty good. When we were there they had a DJ coming in, so soon after he started playing we ended up leaving just due to the noise and trying to talk. But seems like it would be a fun place to get drinks, and do a little dancing maybe? Also...our waiter was pretty fantastic as well! Pretty attentive to us and always making sure we were well taken care of.
5	Three cup chicken was the bomb-diggity.
3	We went to dinner here Saturday night around 6 p.m.. The first thing I noticed was how dark it is inside. I'd heard that this was a great date restaurant, but given the noise level, audible conversation is difficult. The decor is eclectic, with Chinese lanterns suspended overhead, stuffed animals ( the taxidermy kind) in glass boxes, and various forms of carved and rough-hewn wood throughout. It was intimate and warm, in a way that was reminiscent of Shakey's Pizza Parlor, back in the day.Our waitress let us know that she was new, right off the bat. Being new makes certain things excusable, but never acknowledging people, smiling or making eye contact when you are constantly passing directly by their table isn't one of them. Given the noise level, it becomes even more important to look. So, how was the food? Drinks were great, right? Uneven, and wrong.DC really enjoyed the chips and salsa. The presentation was very appealing, with a dollop of guacamole in the center of a wide dish of salsa and plentiful, well seasoned chips. They noted an odd meat-like flavor to the guac, which they said wasn't a bad thing. I didn't try them, but those go in the win column.The Shu Mai was a standout winner for me. Tons of fresh garlic, big chunks of pork and shrimp, wrappers toothsome and not gummy, and presented in a generous amount of sauce that was so freaking good that I poured the rest of it on my salad. WoW. At $4 per plate of three, it was also a great value. WoW. WoWiE WoW WoW. More like Dim YUM!DC had mussels, which they said were pretty standard, average, nothing special, which given the price, they expected better. I don't like mussels, so I couldn't agree or disagree. Also the pork sandwich was reportedly just OK. Not bad, not great.The biggest letdown was the cocktail. We both ordered the same drink which arrived basically undrinkable. I would say it was 90% rail quality rum, a couple lime wedges, and 10% ice. We sent them back to be adjusted, and when they came back ten minutes later, we could detect no adjustment. Very disappointing, but the waitress did agree not to charge us for them, when we requested that.I'll go back, maybe to try the pizza, and will probably stick to beer next time. Shu Mai: 6 stars out of five. Did I mention the Shu Mai? No? Do you have a minute? Pull up a chair, actually this might take awhile.
4	Dim sum and pizza - strangest combo but this place is a favorite of mine.  Drinks are on point.  Hipster vibes but the lighting and atmosphere are so great, who cares?
4	We got treated well for walking in tipsy as a party of ten late on a Monday night.  They quickly found room for us in their little alcove in the back of the restaurant.  It took too much time for the server to come, but I think they realized this and quickly made up for it.  The chips and salsa were a life savor.We split 3 wood-fired pizzas; Natt Spill Sausage, Greek Goddess Love Nest, and the pepperoni and mushroom.  All Divine!Definitely a quality choice for a beer and a pizza.
