5	This was a true value for 25 bones on fathers day. Very tough and well thought out course with a good mix of everything including old pokes in front of you making the experience last all day. I shot a 90 (18 over on this par 72) and had a blast with my dad and talking to the guys who work there. Good ambiance, great golf, 4 sets of tees to play off of like a championship course. Not a ton of tight holes where you can hit it 3 blocks over with a slice. Check it out before it gets too hot, wait...
1	First, the staff was wonderful.  However, the course was horrible.  We heard that it was recently purchased, and the owner is going through an improvement period. That doesn't change the fact that were was standing water throughout; the greens were terrible (back nine better than the front); the tee boxes were 35% weeds and the fairways ... well, it wasn't good.It's an $18 round at best.  Give it another year and hopefully it will improve.
2	Pretty rough shape and ugly to boot. Most muni courses better than this one.  Lots of dirt - ugly.  Fairways clumpy,  Course is boring.  One water hole.  Zero doglegs.  Minimal bunkers. Can't think of a reason to play this again or recommend it to anyone.
1	In a market that is known for it's golf this course leaves a lot to be desired. My wife and I are avid golfers and we love to take advantage of Groupon deals for golf in the area. We purchased this Groupon for $50. This gave us a day of golf, cart, range balls and lunch. So let's start with the range. Keeping in mind that the range is not the most important thing about a golf course, it still does matter. The range had NO grass besides where you were hitting from. It was like hitting balls into the abyss. After we finish up there we move on to the 1st hole which is across the street and down a sidewalk. You would expect signs leading you to the first hole but there was not. Fortunately the guy in the pro shop was aware and came out to tell us as he saw us asking others where to find the first hole. Now to the course itself. This course was in horrible condition. I understand that we overseed during certain times of the year here but never have I played a course during this time that was in this poor of condition. First off, there is dirt everywhere around this course. The sand traps were hard as a rock, it was almost like hitting out of cement when we landed there. But viewing them, it looked like an old dried up river. While on the course it was so loud! Keep in mind we played on a Sunday, yet they had guys out there seeding??? On a Sunday? Really? Back to the noise factor...I understand they can't control the residents that live on the course but some trees might help filter out the noise and keep kids from throwing water bottles onto the golf course. This happened on the 2nd hole while we were playing. In the middle of swinging, all of the sudden there is a water bottle plowing into the fairway. Nice...Over all the course was just awful. The worst I have played in the valley. From the huge dirt patches throughout, to the dead sod all around that has been neglected to the dried up lake beds for sand traps, it just doesn't add up.When you decide to put your golf course on Groupon and try to get business I would hope that you would make sure your course is in WAY better condition. We will not be going back. It's unfortunate because the course has potential. The buildings are updated, and the infrastructure is nice. Heck the bathroom on the course was one of the nicest. Unfortunately the playing area was just horrible.
2	Decent course for being in the middle of a neighborhood in phx. Not very friendly mngt. Did not feel welcomed in the slightest bit. Nor was he helpful. I returned the cart after 9 holes and he told me to drop it off in the correct area. Very poor customer service. The whole time, there were no other ppl around. I was treated like an annoyance. I dont want special service or treatment but i know when im not welcome. Side note- the marshall was present, courteous & helpful. The greens were clean. Fairways were nice, not perfect but good. For all the other options in phx, i wont be returning here.
2	Golf courses in the summer time in arizona are a bit tough to grade because of the severe water restrictions most courses have in place. Most really nice ones take a step back in terms of course conditions while the ones that are affordable during the peak part of the season can be barely playable during the dog days of summer. Southern Ridge Golf course or as it was formerly known as Bougainvilla is unfortunately on the latter side. The value is here (I think we paid 15 a person on GolfNow) but Its hardly worth it. Aside from a few lush patches of fairway there is alot of hard dirt and gravel all waiting to greet you if hit one off the fairway or in a "sand" trap. We played in the heart of the summer and course conditions aside the layout is a bit of a head scratcher. It seemed like the par 3's were a bit lengthy yet the 4's and 5's werent all that long or challenging. Oh and not to mention a nice long par 3 to start off the back 9. Huh? If you have to play a course in this area try Vistal or Aguila, both slightly more expensive but definitely worth it.
