1	My mother-in-law and I decided to try this place out for a pedicure. The place is NOT clean. It looks like it hasn't been dusted in years. They also don't bleach the bowls out between pedicures. My Mom-in-law actually caught a toe fungus from here that made some her toenails fall off a week after our pedicure. I will never ever go back to this unclean unsanitary mess.
1	Today is Mother's Day and My husband sent me and my mom out for pedi's my usual place was closed so I decided to try them out and why did I do that, 1st we sat down and the massage chairs are worn out arm rest very loose, 2nd the tech sat down and she didnt even speak to my mom she said put your feet up here, so I said hello how are you she looked a smiled I said your suppose to speak to your client, her reply was oh im tired I been working all day, ok and? she still didnt speak anyways they put us in the water to soak the water was sooo hot we could even put i feet in and I like hot water but no scolding hot, so the guy that was going to do my feet sat down and I went to tell him about the bottom of my feet being rough he cut me off and said hold on we will get to that in a moment let me take your polish off, then he said I can use the razor on you, nooooo you wont 1st of all the razor is illegal now in NV and second do you have any callus remover he said yes but it wont remove the callus What? then before he proceeded I said can you make my foot smooth, he said I will make them smooth to me, excuse me then he said Im not your nail tech at the other shop im me, I said I know that anyway to cut the story, WHERE THE HELL IS CUSTOMER SERVICE... AND WHO DID HE THINK HE WAS TALKING TO raising his voice so the manager came back and said no worries I will get someone to do it for you, I waited one lady go done and they spoke in their langauage and she shook her head no. I got up I will go back to my nail spa where you get treated like a queen or king and they have ice cold water waited for you with great massage chairs.... I recommend you not go to this place if you want great service :)
2	So my mom and I tried this place out for the first time. Everything was great in the beginning and Ton did a great job on my pedi...BUTI had acrylics put on and they look HORRIBLE. I am going back today to have them redo it. You can see through the clear and there is bubble and little hairs and debris in them! I cant even stand to look at them!
3	I didn't go here for nails, but for eyebrows because I just wanted to try this place out! Not gonna lie, it was dirty here; they sent me into their waxing room and it did not seem sanitary!! She did get the job done on my eyebrows pretty quickly and she did an average job.It has the same prices as any salon, but I would probably go somewhere more clean next time, especially if I wanted nails done.
2	The stars are only for the best nail tech (Mark) and the lady that does my eye brows. Other then that as far as customer service they get a half of star. The male owner is rude and has NO customer service WHAT SO EVER!!
2	Service was not great and the woman did not listen to me. She did not speak or understand English too well it seems.  I told her I wanted white tip on my toes just like what was on my hands. I wasn't watching until she started putting this red toned clear polish kinda like pink and white nails. I have no idea why she did that when my finger nails are clearly clear. Ugh. I will say that she did the right thing when it came to do my designs. She knew she could not do what I asked so she had someone else come and do it.  They have maybe 20 designs to choose from so I'm guessing if you came in wanting one you need a picture or they just freestyle but I wouldn't trust that.Also, the place needs to be cleaned, dusted, etc. The pedicure chairs arms are cracking. I only came here because I was waiting for an eyelash appt and this was in the same plaza. I would not specifically seek this place out in the future.I paid $17 for white tip on my toes with a design on each of my big toes. Then after closer inspection when I walked out I saw how bad a job she did on my lines. They need to go back to nail school and brush up on technique and sanitation if they plan on remaining open.
1	Came here because I just moved to the area and wanted to find a nail place near by. This is not the place! This place is very dirty and the staff was not friendly. They did a poor job on my pedicure, they did not get my feet as smooth as my normal place and the white tips were sloppy. The full set was even worse, crooked and the nails started lifting right away. It was so bad, I completely removed them within 4 days. What a waste of money. I will not come back here and I recommend anyone reading this steer clear of this facility.
4	The only reason I come here is for TONY! He is amazing at acrylics, I'm so rough on mine and my hands are always in water and have chemicals on them because I'm a hair dresser but they never break, lift or chip. He is quick too I get in and out within 45 mins. Make sure you make an appt with him before you go cuz he is always busy and they will just try to stick you with someone else (don't do it!!!) try his pink & whites....there flawless.
5	Have been a regular here for YEARS !! Jane is my new favorite !!! She's awesome in the mani/pedi department. Highly recommend !!
