4	Snagged myself a gyro on a cold and windy Wisconsin afternoon. Holy cow it was so good. The meat was piping hot, and juicy. Absolutely didn't mind the gyro juice dropping of my face as I scrambled through the sidewalks. The veggies were fresh and incredibly satisfying. I loved that it was cheap (about $6). Def try this out next time you're around.
3	I should give this man another shot. I don't think it's fair for me to give a bad review based on one time visit there. Yeah, I don't really like the chicken shawarma. But some people buying the falafel seemed to enjoy theirs. So I may be back to try other stuff so I can give a more comprehensive review. So far, the shawarma is a big no no for me. But, I will be back and hopefully I can give them a 4 star rate.
4	Great street Cart dining on the state Capitol square in Madison. The falafel was huge!  Really should have split it between the two of us. The kids enjoyed their burgers. My hubby really wanted a gyro but sadly they were out.
5	Best shawarma in town!  Juicy, tender meat with tomatoes, pickles, and lettuce covered in a delicious, garlicky yogurt sauce.  Generous portions (includes fries and drink), low price, and a breath of fresh air in the Middle Eastern food scene in Madison.
4	This little cart of goodness is an underrated gem in my book.  I truly love food-cart food, but I frequently miss out on them due to my work schedule. But luckily, this cart has much more expansive hours than most, and can be found out in front of the UW Credit Union on the square almost all day long on weekdays. Breakfast falafel? Done. Gyro at 4pm?  Sure thing. You can tell a food cart is good by certain earmarks. First, can you almost see the wafting scent of spices and grilled meats grabbing you by the nose and pulling you in, like a Looney-Toons mouse to a wheel of cheese? Does that smell make it hard for you to keep walking, beckoning you to just pause a moment and consider that wonderfull smell. Next, if it is a foreign regional food cart, are there patrons from that region hanging out nearby and chatting with the owner?  You bet there are here. The fellow working there is always nice, chatting up his friendly regulars and working hard simultaneously. He always returns my salaams, and once gave me a free falafel ball to munch on while I waited, since my gyro was going to be a few minutes longer than normal. I told him it was no big deal, I didn't mind and extra minute. He gave it to me anyway and said, "You try. You like. Falafel makes you happy."  Yes.  Yes it does. But really, I come for their Gyro. It's simple, classic, and deliciously aromatic. It's so good, and reasonably priced, it's what I almost always get. It's my favorite gyro downtown. I was less of a fan of the chicken I tried once, but really I'm not here for the chicken, so I won't be sad about going back to my darling classic gyros. Long story short, this cart consistently serves up delectable, hot, reasonably priced food all day. Don't fear the cart, embrace it.
