4	So far so good. Their first day open today. The Chile Verde was very flavorful, beans were good! Green and red sauce were thick and tasty. The marinated carrots are a nice bonus. Can't wait to try more of the menu, I'll keep you posted.This appears to be a whole new operation;This is the former location of two other taco shops, Mi Casita and then the same Owner changed it to Pepe's taco shop, they don't appear to be apart of this new operation.
3	Aliberto's. As I was reading the review before me, I recalled the many who came to me and told me the exact same thing. That there used to be two other taco shop franchise that came before Aliberto's. So I wondered if the merely renamed the place? Or they simply switched franchise. But I thought i'd give it a try.I got myself a Arizona burrito to go. And I will honestly say, I did not quite enjoy it.It was A-OK. Considering, it did make my stomach satisfyingly full. However, the burrito itself felt really dry. The burrito wrap, didn't feel like it was even grilled because it was still starchy. I know the reason behind it, but I don't think that clumps of powder is justifiable. I kind of had to wipe it off, before I continued to eat it.The meat was good, and had some flavor, but it got ruined because of the potatoes. You can taste more of the potato skins than the actual potatoes. And the burrito barely had any traces of cheese.I would maybe suggest, that they use french fries instead. It might give their burrito some crisp.I can go on and on about how this burrito didn't make me happy, but that would be unfair. Because in a sense it did fulfill my needs, and that was to make me full.All in all, it is still too early to give my final marks on the establishment, so I will continue to update my opinion as I come more often and try other things.So far, this place is a great value for your dollars. The food will get you full, for not a whole lot of money.So good luck to you Aliberto's. And congratulations on your opening.
5	Food is excellent and they have a great variety to choose from. The service quick and friendly. Hopefully they will do so well they will have to expand as this location is a little small. We will definitely be coming back.
5	Love love love them!  Have gone several times and have ordered different things. Everything is top notch. Especially the cheese enchiladas, wow they are good. We went last week to get them to take for lunches. Last time I got a cheese quesadilla, what a good deal it is, huge with lots of cheese.  We will be there this week I am sure.
2	Good food but not open consistently. Opens early one day then not open early. How am I going to get my breakfast burrito.
4	Been waiting for a good taco shack in Maricopa and it finally arrived. I can't stand Tacos and More and Cilantros is just too pricey for all the rice/beans in my carne asada. It's exactly what I've been waiting for the great chain taco shop.
3	This is a pretty good little Mexican food place. I've eaten here twice now.  The first time I ordered a carne asada burrito. The meat was tender and flavorful, but seemed over salted. There was a LOT of it. Which is great since most places want to stuff t me burrito full of other ingredients and skimp on the meat.    The second time I had a carnitas plate. The pork carnita was a tad dry, but full of flavor. The refried beans were over salted and the guacamole was a bit thin for my taste.   The prices are right on!    If they can stop over-salting the food, I'll give this place 4 stars. Until then, it's a solid 3 for me.
3	We have eaten here three times now and the food is decent. The only complaint that I have is the size of the containers used to put salsa in. When I asked the girl if I could get a larger container she rudely said no.
4	This little place offers great value and big flavors with a quick and casual takeout atmosphere. The chili verde and beef chimichanga were pretty awesome. Even the beans were surprisingly flavorful. It's a pretty small dining area but they still offer a tv to watch while you wait to takeout or dine in. The salsas were good too but really not needed as the food has enough flavor already. We can't wait to go back.
3	Decent for a quick bite.  My usual at any burrito shop is Carne Asada so my review is purely on that.  The burrito was very large and filling.  The meat itself was pretty blah.  Its not skirt or flap for sure.  To their defense you hardly ever get skirt or flap anywhere.  Maybe top round but I'm almost suspecting bottom round.  It was pretty dry.  Will grab a bite there when I don't have time for the others.  Its was pretty good.  Just not great.  Gonna have to try something else on the menu next time.
2	The young lady working the front could use an attitude check. Not only did she snatch my card out of my hand to swipe it, she had the nastiest customer service I have seen. I was ordering my meal and she stopped in the middle of writing down my order and offered to help another patron. The other customer commented that she could finish my order (I was not taking long I swear!) and I managed to finish up. The floors were recently mopped with a stinky mop that left the floor sticky and I can't stop fuming over the young woman taking orders. They charge $.50 to run your card as well. Food was good. That's the reason for the extra star. Our food was delicious.The same girl taking orders came out next to our table and started sweeping the carpet. I asked her to please stop as we were in the middle of our meal and I didn't feel like having a seasoning of dust on my food. She sulked off to the back and began calling us sucias because we asked her to stop. I speak Spanish fluently and work as an interpreter so listening to her cowardly run to the back to talk about us was insulting. Rather than continue to listen and experience this behavior I left. I'm too tired to get into it with a little girl.
1	There are many good inexpensive places to to eat but this isn't one of them. I'll admit the food was slightly above average but if this place is going to make it the girl behind the counter needs to go elsewhere. She acts as if she could careless if helps you or not. She has a very arrogant attitude. We will not be returning, low quality and bad service.
5	The portions are large, the price is low, and the green Chile burrito is spicy. Decent service, excellent food. Highly recommend this place.
