4	I was here to support my husband while he had an MRI done.  BTW this place is open late and very nice.  There is no shady MRI's done here (trying to be funny).  Staff was really nice except for the guy doing the MRI, husband said he came off rude and like he didn't want to be there.  All in all we both pleased with the place.
4	Been there twice, first time bad. Second time good. They redeemed themselves.
3	Was referred for an xray by my doctor. Unfortunately they had some maintenance happening on their machine when I went the first time, so the second time there was a 90 minute wait. However, when I went back the next morning, it was only 15 minutes. The tech was fast and boom I was finished. Good little place!
4	This is a nice location and the facility is newer and spacious. The tech was friendly and quick. Even the result turn around time was very good.However, the front desk staff could have been a little more friendly and inviting. They seemed pretty robotic in what they were doing. Kinda like just another day at work feeling....topped off with "Is it 5'0 clock yet?".Still giving them 4 stars and would go again.
2	Had an MRI done here on an early Saturday morning. Facilities are clean, well maintained, & convenient free parking. What I didn't like was walking into the office to be greeted by a gentleman who was sitting at his desk eating a McDonalds deluxe breakfast with his pancakes and eggs spread all over his computer area. Totally unprofessional. And smelled like a fast food joint, I know it's a Saturday but come on. My insurance is paying big money for this test at least offer me the coffee that was brewed. He also failed to mention I needed to undress from the top, he seemed totally distracted, probably didn't want his food to get cold.  The technician was awesome & made me feel extremely comfortable. I was very nervous after that first impression in the front but she eased my fears.
5	Scheduling was easy, front desk very personable and helpful, I got there early and my wait time was short, tech was wonderful....I discussed w/her my concerns w/my being claustrophobic and she was very accommodating, procedure was quick and results were sent to my dr quickly....I highly recommend this place
4	I had a Saturday appointment here for an MRI on my wrist.  It was nice that they have Saturday available, so I didn't have to take any time off of work.The gentleman at the front desk was very helpful.  I was taken back to a private room to change.  They had a locker for me to put my belongings.  I then waited for the MRI technician to take me back to that room.She was very friendly and put me at ease.  The scan took about 15 minutes and was a bit uncomfortable.  I had to lay on my stomach with my arm stretched above my head.  It was fine though.  The technician told me how long each scan would take, so that was nice.Overall a good experience!
