5	Great, friendly staff! Restaurant is definitely one you need to check out!
5	SOOOOO glad these wonderful people were able to get out of the dump of a bar they were in before. Fantastic food, great staff, they deserve to be happy where they are. The food is awesome.
5	Portions were very good. Fried pickles were absolutely amazing!! Chicken fingers and philly cheese steak bomb!!!! Will definitely keep ordering here! You have to try the fried macaroni and cheese bites!!! My son loved them!
5	I saw the two reviews with 5 stars and figured this place was either a well kept secret or it sucked and these were friends of the owner posting. Well it DOESN'T suck,  what a great place for basic bar food,  there are times you just need a good basic burger,  let me tell you,  skip the $20 burger places on the strip,  I swear this place could teach most of them how to make a burger.  While it is a shame to let a secret out,  this one is worth sharing.
1	This is for the delivery.  Pizza was absolutely horrible it had soo much cheese on it and it was completely uneatable.  Again soooo much cheese and it was just pure white with out any browning.  The Pepperoni Pizza Quesadilla was just a complete joke. I will never order from this restaurant again.
1	This was a delivery 1st time and last time .. almost 40 dollars and I ordered a burger medium well and I got it rare with it cold on the center I had to nuke it to cook it .. fries they were good but the portion was small ... the burger tasted plain no flavour...  Not impressed esp for the price not worth it !
4	The food I had was delicious I would order from them again. The wings are juicy and have a nice crunch to them. I also had the johnny vegas fries they tasted okay I feel it could have been better. Now I'm itching to try the pizza hopefully I'm not disappointed.
4	Delicious, and gross food..so greasy, but so so decadent. I think the Johnny Vegas Fries did me in..and threw me over the edge. So much wonderful fat. If I hadn't of been drinking, I may have not lost it..but my god it was all so amazing. The burger was just like I ordered, rare, with bacon, and pepper jack cheese, the corn dog was fabulous (but the stick hilariously broke on me), the fried pickles were an unexpected treat, and those fries..a hedonistic gut bomb of bacon, cheese, and a flavorful, creamy condiment sauce that take the whole dish to heights of belly devastating satisfaction, and suffering. I loved every bite, but regretted the hell out of it later. I'll say about Johnny Vegas Grill, exactly what I'd have said about my favorite ex boyfriend, "I hate myself for loving you." ..but I keep coming back for more.4 stars because I found a piece of steel wool in one of their burgers once. I really enjoyed the fries and that burger, or I wouldn't have given them another chance. Their food has become something of an addiction. I enjoy living dangerously, I guess. haha
4	I'm editing my review:Pros:Great greasy guilty pleasure food!-JVG-Fries (Regular fries and the JVG fries are amazing)-Open late and DeliveryAwesome customer service! My call dropped while Ordering and I got the call back. Cons: (but still doesn't take away from my rating)I was just informed that outside of 3mi radius, fee for delivery is $3. So, it means that you're better off peer pressuring a buddy to order with you, to be cost effective. Wish there were more locations. But honestly, I probably won't care when the craving comes for some JVG fries.
