4	I am thrilled there is a six-pack shop in Mt. Washington.  I finally stopped in one night in the mood for a seasonal beer and I knew P&D wouldn't disappoint.  I've heard from others they are pricey, but I guess that is what is expected from a place that sells craft beer.  I was really pleased with their selection.  Most of the bottles I purchased were around $2-3 which is expected when buying speciality beer.  My six pack ended up around $14.  I don't understand the complaints about the price, really.  Next door at Redbeards you can buy $2.50 drafts?  For the same price, I can get better quality and more selection of beer.  Sure, there are beers for $7/bottle, but I'm pleased to find cherry wheat for the same price.Haven't tried the food, but I did notice it's all dog themed, which is novel, but kind of cute.  It's set up kind of neat, with outdoor and bar seating.  I will be back.
4	I moved from Chicago to Pittsburgh. This is the only place that I've gotten a true Chicago style hotdog outside of Chicago. Here, for some reason, they call it a "Golden Retreiver". They do it right with a Vienna Beef frank (though it's skinless) weighing in at a quarter pound! They even use the bright green relish and real sport peppers! The only thing they don't have is the poppyseed buns. Wash it down with a great beer from their vast selection, and you can't go wrong! This place has a great diner-style counter area, booths, and a nice couch area. Highly recommended!
5	Took a trip up the Mog incline and accidental found this gem. I can't say enough about this place it's the kind of store I wish there were more of in the U.S. Half hot dog grill, half craft beer store it's small tidy and well decorated. I had the retriever and bloodhound from their canine themed menu, both were delicious and well priced at about $3.25. The real treat for me was their beer selection; I really hope the trend of stores I've been seeing offering excellent craft beer selections continues. Any beer lover can find something to enjoy here. Nothing more to say, love beer? Love hot dogs? Get your ass here!
4	PA is so goofy with their alcohol laws! I could only purchase two six packs in one purchase. Then I had to purchase a third separately and the cashier had to literally walk me outside to give me the third six pack. Aside from the Amish laws imposed, I was very happy with the selection. I'm new to the idea of just grabbing individual beers (oviously I include paying for it), and going, but I'm so into it now. I had my own personal beer tasting party! Individual beers will run you around $2-3 and the fancy schmancy type Framboise's up to $5 . Some of the ones I choose were Blue Point Toasted Lager, Blue Moon Spring Blonde Wheat Ale and Fort Collins Chocolate Stout. I was super into the Fort Collins and the Blue Point was ok. Blue Moon was a little too....predictable Blue Moon. I feel like this is an adult candy store. Minus the candy and plus the alcohol content!
3	If one can get excited about a hot dog, you'll like Packs and Dogs. They have all the gimmicky dogs. The Chicago, the chili cheese, and even the vegan. Unfortunately they deep fry the vegan which totally kills the health value.Great selection of brews including my Ithaca Beer Company's IPA.
5	Packs & Dogs has quickly become my favorite neighborhood spot. Maybe because there isn't much else around in Mt. Washington or the fact that I just love the idea. Either way...I have to first say that I am no beer kings. I drink beer, yes, however I'm not one to answer your question on IPA's and stouts. What's nice about Packs & Dogs is there is such an enormous selection of beers to choose from. I do get nervous though because I feel like it would be quite easy to pick something up that I don't like. They have a variety of different 6 pack prices depending on which beers you choose. You can also get 12 packs to go which is great for game day. They have a decent draft selection and in talking to the owner/manager the last time I was there (today) he puts out I guess what you'd call, "sale" beer to get people to try beers that normally you would never consider buying before. He doesn't do it because the beer doesn't taste well, he really wants people to expand their palette.Now my favorite things: the food. I love their hot dogs. I'll let you drink while I eat one or two all beef hot dogs. I have yet to venture off of their $6.00 meal which includes one hot dog, fries (which are amazing) and a small drink. With a wide variety of complimentary topics, why not? They also feature many different varieties of hot dogs with a variety of toppings. One day I'll even try a hamburger, but I'm too addicted to the hot dog.Thank GOD Pennsylvania doesn't have food laws like they have alcohol laws or I'd be in trouble.
4	Six packs and hot dogs. They go together in Pittsburgh like coffee and donuts. And this place does it right. After a walk up to Mt Washington, you need an unpretentious (not dive bar) place to unwind over some beers and eat some hot dogs. With their wide selection of both, this place fits the bill every time. Their prices are reasonable and the same for take-out as when you lounge on their couches and drink them inside. So if you take the incline up, venture a little off the main drag and find this gem.
4	Hot Dogs aren't just some tube full of meat byproducts....well, they are, but not all meat tubes are created equally!  And not every corner shop can hock their wares in the way that Packs and Dogs does.  As a long time lover of sausages, wursts, and such, I've been around the block with the meaty objects of my affections, and I have to say, Packs and Dogs always keeps me coming for more.The secret to their success is simplicity.  Natural casing dog, an All beef Silverstar dog, a veggie dog, and a kielbasa.  That's the 4 dog options and, really only the All beef and Natural casing get a workout.  Packs keeps with the standard fare when it comes to dog options, with the Chihuahua being the nom de plume for the chili cheese dog.  But what a dog!  Home made chili that is well seasoned, though not spicy, big chunks of white onion, and shredded cheese.  The bun does all it can just to keep the ship from sinking.  And while it often turns into a knife and fork kind of dog, its worth every bite.The rest of the menu is just as good, which includes a personal favorite, the Irish Setter, your standard slaw dog, as well as a take on the Chicago Dog, and a make your own variety.And make sure you plan on eating on site, since Packs and Dogs has a beautiful diner style counter, complete with swivelling, circle chairs and booths.  Though, the addition of comfy couches and a mounted 42 inch big screen tv add a bit of a living room atmosphere.And we can't forget the beer selection!  There is a constantly revolving and improving selection of foreign and domestic craft beers, along with your standard session favorites, all at reasonable prices.  A six pack to go, a draft at the counter, or a bottle in a booth, Packs and Dogs is a nice place for a hot dog dinner.Now, with all good things, there is some downsides, though none have to do with service, selection, or quality, luckily.  Being that Packs and Dogs is located right on Shiloh in Mt. Washington, sometimes you'll get groups of smoking stragglers hanging out on the pretty tiny outdoor wooden patio, which has a tendency to bottleneck the foot traffic.  And parking is always at a premium on the Mountain, so be sure you're ready to walk from the downstairs parking area, connected to the adjacent lot.But over all, you won't find a better place for beers and beef links in the Burgh.
4	This place is a winner! We were in town visiting family, and thought the inclines would be a fun touristy adventure. We went up the Duquesne, walked up to the Mon to find a spot for lunch, and then down the Mon Incline. But after the walk along the street overlooking the rivers, we were cold and in need of lunch warmth :)First off, the beer selection is amazing. And Mr. L and I are one to always try new beers, but they had a ton I had never even seen before. Very exciting! and incredibly reasonably priced, even on the specialty beers.And the dogs were excellent - mom and I both had the German Shepherds (sauerkraut & spicy brown mustard), and Mr. L had the Bulldog (same as ours but on a kielbasa). The hotdog was delicious, but I think if I got it again, I'd go w/ the kielbasa. And we had onion rings which were a hit, although the coating was more of the crumbly coating, and I prefer the puffy coating, but they stayed crispy. And I had the cheese fries (naturally), and I found them to be excellent! Molten fake cheese and yummy fries = how I love them.Mr. L said if we had one of these near where we live, he'd be there all the time!
4	Living the neighborhood, this is such a little gem that I try to support the business in hopes it never, ever goes away. The hot dogs are excellent -- as somebody else mentioned, not all hot dogs are created equal! These are quality dogs -- with the all beef, natural casings available. The natural casings deliver that wonderful snap as bite into it. The fries are also hot and fresh. And the beer! Oh, the beer! So many wonderful varieties. I can't even begin to describe what wonders their beer cases hold. Go. Eat. Drink. Enjoy.
4	With a great beer selection that's reasonably-priced, chill vibe, and their simple, but pleasing meat-in-casings menu, there's simply little to complain about!It's definitely no D's, but that's actually a good thing in this instance! You get to ditch the busy crowds and long waits. I mean, seriously...a long wait to eat a hot dog? I'm not sure if that's justifiable. Ever.They have a ton of beers in their coolers and quite a few on draft. Seriously, if you go to Packs & Dogs and can't find something worth drinking, your level of beer snobbishness must be on a level even hipsters can't latch onto, and I'd hate to be your taste buds.The Smith's natural casing dogs are excellent, and while their menu seems limited at first glance, you can always conjure up any custom dog you'd like with their solid list of toppings.The service is friendly and fast, and the food is exactly what you'll want to down with your cold brew(s)! I'll plan on going back...a lot!
5	I love Packs & Dogs. The end.No, but really. This place is great! They have a decent amount of food on their menu, but the quality of the option makes up for the somewhat small quantity.Hot dogs, hamburgers, chicken tenders, fries, onion rings and chicken sandwiches. But they are all fantastic! I have never had a bad experience here. Their food always comes out hot.Along with great tasting food there are also tons of selections of beer for those 21 and over.Packs & Dogs is one of my favorite places for a quick bite to eat or just to hang out with friends.
5	Damn good dogs and cold beer. What's not to like.
4	My only complaint about this place is that the music is too loud. Other than that, I liked my Primanti's style dog with fries and slaw, and I hate Primanti's sandwiches! lol. The fries are awesome too. Check them out next time you're on Mt. Washington.
5	Do you like craft beer? No, actually, do you like massive bottle selections of craft beer that you can mix-n-match to your six packs content? Look no further because Packs & Dogs awaits.It's not a matter of IF you can find something good. Rather, it's deciding on WHAT to get. Multiple shelf lined cookers make that decision rather difficult. That and the fact that this shop also has six or so drafts to choose from at the bar in the back...and hotdogs, of course.Booths and tables line the one side of the indoor seating area and chairs and couches line the other. Want some fresh air instead? Grab a table at the outdoor seating area.As for me, I bought a bottle of O'Fallon Cherry Chocolate, plopped down on one of the comfy chairs and watched the last 20 min of Rambo: First Blood, Part II on the corner TV.Stay in or take out; you can't lose!
4	Ended up here while staying with friends who live in the neighborhood. I was starving and there is nothing better than hot dogs, fries, and good beer. This place delivered on all three of those things! I had the German shepherd dog which has sauerkraut and brown mustard and the cheese fries. It was a perfectly delicious meal. I love beer and I have never seen such a huge selection of craft beer. All in all, I wish I lived closer because I would hang out here all the time!
4	make your own 6 pack and many beer options. open late. love this place.
4	not quite at the level of dormont dogs or station street but a decent hot dog menu with a bunch of good beers/hard ciders in the coolers .  nice sit-down seating.  parking is dodgy as it is in most of mt. worst-ing-ton .  worth an occasional trip .  good hangover hot dogs.
4	Visiting friends in Pittsburgh for the weekend we were exploring the area and came across this place. Was unexpectedly surprised when we walked in to see a long row of refrigerators filled with a great selection of both craft and mainstream beers. Would definitely come here to watch a game or to enjoy a new type of beer. Did not try the food as we had already eaten but the dogs looked good.
2	Me and a lot of my friends used to make consistent trips to Packs and Dogs because of the good value in their beer....despite it being about 25 miles away.Up to very recently, you could get MANY good beers for $2.25.Now, they raised their prices nearly 40% (!) to $3.00 for their cheapest beers.....looks like there is not much reason to go there as frequently as in the last few years.Oh, well, thanks for the good past few years Packs & Dogs.....you will be missed!
5	Quite simply Packs and Dogs is a unique experience.....Hundreds of beers, and the dogs were awesome...Had the Bloodhound, wow,...The Kielbasa Bulldog is what a Pittsburgh food in tube form should taste like! Place is clean and funky welcoming. Mark who runs the place is first class ....Catch the view of the city and walk on down to Packs & Dogs tell em' the Jersey Boys sent you, special surprise awaits...Can't wait to get visit again...
5	Amazing selection of beers!!! They had everything that I was looking for. I also had a chihuahua chili dog and it was so good.The place was just remodeled and looks beautiful, you could eat off the floor. I got my food and beers to go, but next time I will be hanging out there. It's a perfect atmosphere for good food and brews. Make sure to go here!!!
1	If you Re there for beer, microbrews and such, this is the place for you.  However, if you are looking for a good chili dog, try someplace else.  While the hot dogs are of good quality, they honestly have the blandest, odd tasting chili I have ever had.  First off, I don't like beans in hot dog chili.  Second, it didn't really add any flavor.  It just gave it an odd texture.  They are also overpriced.  Their onion rings weren't all that good either.  Lots of microbrews makes one hope for beer battered onion rings.  Nope!  Just crappy almost store bought low quality breaded onion rings.  And change your fry oil once in a while!  So to sum up, beer: good.  Food: sucks.
1	Great selection of beer but quite possibly the worst most expensive hot dogs ever!  First time I went in sober and hated them then I decided to give it another shot while drunk.........still couldn't finish it which says a lot!
2	Good hot dogs just kinda expensive at $3.50+ a piece. The beer selection is great although to make your own 6 pack or buy singles you will be spending a minimum of $3 a beer depending on the type. That's $18 at minimum for a 6 pack. Talk about highway robbery. One should never spend over $7 for a 6 pack unless it's imports or craft beer. It would be a great place if it was cheaper!!
4	Came here on a Saturday night. Not over crowded, able to get a table. Basic hotdogs and fries menu with a variety of toppings to choose from. If you love beer, this is the place for you. Good service. Good food. Open late.
4	Pricey but really good dogs & fries, and about a bazillion kinds of beer. On street parking or a pay lot across the street only.
4	This is a nice place to get a quick grab at Mt Washington.  The dogs (I tried the Chihuahua hot dog) and the fries are worth the visit.  There is a huge selection of beers to choose from too! The venue is nice too, very well maintained and the stuff friendly.  Compared to other - possibly overrated - hot dog places in the city (e.g., Franktuary) this place is definitely winning the battle! I would definitely visit back.
5	Update: open & sell six packs on Sundays!  If I could give more than 5 stars I would for this selection & service.  They have great food (even have a veggie dog) and a killer selection of beers.  I was truly impressed to find a good selection of bourbon aged beer (my favorite and it is super difficult to find).
2	I ordered a italian hoagie.. finally because it took forever to place my order ( not even busy).. i ordered it "hot" an i got microwaved meat on a cold bun....probably not the best or even good... Kinda sad about it because i heard great things....
4	This place was great. The hot dogs (particularly the golden retriever) were tasty as were the fries. I debated about three vs four stars just because I've had some pretty amazing hot dogs but the beer selection really sealed the deal. Solid selection with some I hadn't come across in my hometown of Atlanta.
4	I go here like at least every week and their beer selection and hotdogs are awesome. One of my favorites places to just relax. However, I feel like lately the freshness of the ingredients hasn't been the best. So just watch for that. Other than that I love this place.
4	Name says it all. Six packs, loose bottles, dogs and sandwiches. Friendly service. Great selection of beers. Very good dogs. Fun toppings.  Fun place for a snack or quick bite on Mt. Washington.
5	You won't be disappointed...but stick to the hot dogs and side dishes/appetizers.  The hot dogs were better than some of the "best" featured on the Food Network.  I had the "blood hound;" it was very good, but it wasn't even the best at the table (the Pitt Bull was).  The fried pickles (with tiger sauce), pub fries (with yeungling cheese sauce), and the loaded mac n cheese are all highly recommended.  Service was also very good. We had a party of 13 including 8 kids and did not want for anything.Beer selection was also superb.I'd stay away from the sandwiches though. The chicken sandwich and Philly cheesesteak were mediocre at best.Overall, very happy though. Highly recommend!
4	A pretty decent selection of Microbrews.  Most are priced well, some a bit over priced.  Food is good, quick, easy, and cheap.  I'll be back for more!
