5	A lovely little store on the corner of State St and Gilman.  It's full of metaphysical knick knacks, books, incense, candles, jewelry and so much more.  When we were there, the store was staffed by three ladies, all of whom were very friendly and sweet like your favorite auntie.  I mentioned that I could stay in the store all day, and they even said I could!  The only thing missing was a plate of cookies and a bed time story.  Though, I have the feeling that if I had mentioned it, they just might have whipped some out!  Yay!  Happy.
4	A friend of mine gave a class here and it was a delight.The people are friendly and inviting and I had a great time. I will for sure be back.
5	This is a wonderful, inviting store with a warm and knowledgeable staff. Beautiful gifts and thoughtfully hand-picked items. They will go out of your way to help you find what you need. A soothing experience just to hang out in here. You'll feel calmer and happier after just a few minutes.
5	What a sweet store! I have never made it inside on my brief visits to Madison, but I wanted to make a point to get here this time.They have great stuff and I regret soooo much now not going in the back to get a psychic reading... it sounds so fun!Love all the hippie paraphernalia- the incense, the statues, the lami cards, everything is just the best of the best. I did find some really awesome jewelry too, and although I wasn't shopping for such things right then, I was still very impressed. The staff was also super sweet, and when I said how awesome I thought the place was, they were like "Where are you from?" and I was like "Minneapolis" and they were like "Oh you're from civilization" like I shouldn't be impressed. But really, now that Global Village is closed, we really don't have any awesome hippie shop that I know of.Can't wait to go back and see what's new!
5	This is absolutely the best MetaFabulus store in Madison. The space has an amazingly blissful happy feeling and they always have a vast variety of merchandise. If I need a gift for someone it is the first place I go to and I rarely need to go anywhere else. They also offer wonderful classes and have the best readers, seers, and healers in town. The staff and owners always make me feel welcome and appreciated. You can feel the heart chakra of the store beaming for miles.
5	I am a Crystal Healer and continue taking Crystal Healing Classes through one of the women at Mimosa.  So them having such a huge variety of crystals and stones tochoose from and at very reasonable prices is a very big deal to me.  The staff are always very friendly and accommodating too.l have a really hard time leaving the shop when I go in because it is, to me, like a kid in a candy store.  Everyone is super knowledgeable about the crystals too, which is a big help.   They also have a huge variety of smudging and saging options including palo santo, sage, sweet grass and of course, incense as well as candles and tons of other stuff.I also like that they new things all the time.  I frequently bring my girlfriends to the shop to help them pick out crystals and stones for classes or for personal use!  and parking is easy - never a problem
4	Love Love Love!!! They have the best selection of candles and incense. Such a neat store. I just moved to Madison, so I'm excited to find this lil gem. Definitely stop in, you won't regret it
4	This isn't my cup of tea, but it's the best store like this around now that Shakati is gone. I took my mother, who does like this kind of stuff, on a tour of places like this when she visited and she liked this the most. I do like some of the statues and have considered getting a few. The person I interacted with, who seemed to be the owner, was very nice.
1	Honestly, one of the rudest companies to deal with. Visited store with my brother, somewhat of a variety. Staff very rude and unfreindly, better options in town.
