5	When I first moved to AZ, I recall driving by this store and saying to myself "Seriously? A whole store for just batteries?  Who would shop there?"Well, me.I have been to Batteries Plus twice now, and both times have quickly been helped to find exactly what I needed.  The first time was for a replacement battery for the timer that runs my outside lighting.  It is just creepy to come home to a dark entryway.  I thought a replacement would be simple to find, but nooooooo... four stores later and no luck it was Batteries Plus to the rescue.  Ta da!  Let there be light!Last weekend my garage door remote decided to stop working.  Funny how pressing the button harder and waving it around didn't seem to help.  Yep, dead battery.  This time I wasn't even going to bother searching all over for a replacement.  A quick stop at BP and the new battery was installed.  The man who helped me even tested my old one first to be sure that the battery was the problem, and not my garage door opener.  Now that is thorough!The world is an imperfect place.  Batteries die.  I am sure I will be back.
5	Woot Woot!!!After going to the grocery store and buying what I thought was the correct battery only to find out that those small 3V batteries come in a multitude of sizes which the grocery store only carries the standard size I knew that Batteries Plus would help me out. I walk in and am greeted promptly by the store manager. I show him what I am looking for and he produces the battery in under a minute! I will now be able to weigh myself again, wah wah. Thank you Battery Plus! You rule!
5	It took me two years to find someone who could tell me who recycles all kinds of stuff, not just batteries. It's amazing what these guys take off your hands. And it's sad that not every store does what they do. You name it, they recycle it. I just dumped 5 years worth of batteries into their store, 2 laptops, CFLs of all sizes and they also take ink cartridges and much more.Get the Earth911 App for free from the App store and use it to find out where you can get rid of all the used stuff in your life. 90% of what people use is recyclable - be part of the world you want to see. Inspire your communities and schools to take advantage of this service. BTW, the store next door to them even refills all types of ink and laser cartridges, and their prices are unbeatable. For order over $100 they will even deliver. So come on small business and schools, save money and do the right thing.
5	Friendly and knowledgable employees
5	I've driven past this place hundreds of times and wondered - who would need to go here for a battery? Drug stores sell them, Target, OfficeMax, BestBuy, and on and on. Why them?Then the battery in my car's key fob died. It's important to note that my car doesn't have a real key; the fob transmits to the car and it lets me unlock the door by touching the handle, it sets the seat/mirrors up the way I like them and, oh yeah - it lets me start the car by touching a button. There's an emergency key but I have no idea how it works.Sounds like an easy fix - just put in a new battery right? True, IF you can find the ^*(@#^% battery.  Walgreens - no, Target - no, BestBuy - hell no, OfficeMax - nope.  Batteries Plus - Yep!While I was there the clerk helped two other people. The first guy had a battery from an ATV. The clerk checked it out and told the guy the battery was shot but it was only a year old so he should go back to the dealer and see if he could get it replaced under warranty.  The second guy had a battery from a WaveRunner. The clerk checked it out and said it was OK but it just needed a charge because it's been sitting around.  He suggested the guy buy a Battery Tender so it wouldn't happen again. When the guy said no, he offered to charge the battery for him at no cost but it would take a few hours.Two potential sales and he let them off the hook for free. I'm sure the $6 I spent made the day!No, you wouldn't go here for A, AA, AAA or D's but anything else - yes!
