5	I've had 3 items framed here now and I love the quality of the work. The service is also pretty quick (1 week turnaround usually) and friendly. The first item I had done here was a rather large poster that had been mounted on foamboard, but had become wrinkled due to humidity damage from a swamp cooler. I simply wanted the thing framed to protect it from further damage. The folks at this shop did a perfect job preserving the poster, I never notice the wrinkles anymore unless I consciously look for them. Because of this awesome service, I've been bringing my other projects to this shop as well. Nick is always very helpful in deciding which frames will look the best. No reason to go anywhere else. :)
5	I have used Nick's Frame Shop twice and they did an amazing job both times. Our company continually goes back to Nick's for other framing jobs because his work always is above and beyond expectations.   Thank you so much for always paying attention to detail.Oh and their prices are super low, especially for the amazing work they do.
2	1) Recently took a piece Nick had framed to Aaron Bros because the glass broke. When the guy took the frame apart, we found out Nick had fixed the print to the matte with SCOTCH TAPE!!!!!! That is a huge no-no, I used to work in a frame shop long ago and I know that that is total amateur hour. It's the equivalent of your mechanic fixing a hose on your car with duct tape. Even if the glass had not broken, eventually the print would have come loose and the piece would have needed repair.2) Lacks imagination. His favorite color is black and so he recommends black for EVERYTHING when it comes to frame and matte.3) You know what, it's your right to listen to whatever  radio stations you want in your own business... and it's my right to go do business elsewhere when the whole time I'm trying to talk to you I have to listen to, and speak up to compete with, the extremist right-wing AM radio hosts peddling their hatred and anger in the work area in back at an unacceptable, blaring level of volume. If you only want business from dittoheads, mission accomplished.
5	We have used Nick's for several framing projects and every one has exceeded our expectations. Best frame shop in the valley, hands down.
