4	The Vitamin Shoppe is a place I keep coming back to for supplements. I've shopped Sunflower, Whole Foods, and other places and while each has their niche when it comes to price and in some cases brands and even selection (exclusive items) The Vitamin Shoppe seems to have the edge. If you pull up Amazon on your smartphone and check prices, by the time you tack on shipping The Vitamin Shoppe has come out ahead for me. Plus by buying here vs. online I feel better knowing I'm helping to keep local people working. But all that feel good stuff aside, they usually have what I want. Tribulus? 5 different bottles and that's just what you see first. Kava Kava? Yep, they got it. Various vitamin supplements including iron free stuff for men? Yep. From TwinLab to a very good in house brand, if you take supplements this should be on your list of places to check out. They also offer additional specials and online offers to save money but that's outside this review. When you walk in the store is clean. and while it's lightly staffed if you're patient you'll be able to get knowledgeable help. My patience limit is kinda short but I've never walked out of here peeved over service. Parking and access is easy as long as Sunset is not jammed with traffic, and after shopping there's a great Rubio's 2 doors down.
5	good selection of everything you need.protein,vitamins,preworkout, they also have there own brand bodytech which is worth a try.
4	Vitamin Shoppe has and been always the spot for me to shop for supplements. They have an array of selections of protein shake powders, BCAA powders or pills, creatine powder just to name a few. Member ship is free unlike other supplement stores. I've actually earned enough points that I was able to redeemed it for a 2lb protein shake powder. Customer service is great; ask them anything and they will have an answer for it. They also have great sales every month which everyone should take advantage of I think; some merchandise goes down to 20-30%off or additional percent of sale prices. And also sign up for their email because they send coupons for you to use..
5	This is a great store. The layout makes it easy to navigate and there are always a number of helpful staff on hand to answer any questions or recommend an item. They frequently have deals on vitamins etc so it makes them more affordable than even places such as Walmart. I buy women's protein, Kind snack bars, and a number of supplements here rather than go anywhere else. Their prices are fair especially compared to other health-related stores. Make sure you sign up for their free rewards card for money back at the end of the year!
5	Broad variety from which to choose. They had in stock exactly what I needed, so I didn't have to hunt around for the product. I left as a happy customer!
5	I'm glad they are open at 9:00 am so I can make a quick purchase and then be on my way. That makes it very convenient for me and my activities.
5	Had everything I went in for, Lenny had an answer for every one of my questions, very knowledgable, friendly and fast :)
5	I have been a customer here for years and have always had a positive experience. The sales staff are always friendly, helpful and most of all knowledgable. I used to buy my supplements at Whole Foods but realized that the exact same items are much less expensive at Vitamin Shoppe. They started carrying certain items that I use simply because I asked. That's what I call service! I now buy natural toothpaste and shampoo at Vitamin Shoppe as well as all my vitamins and supplements. Best of all, not only do I save money shopping here, I get a rewards certificate at the end of the year based on my annual total in purchases.
