3	The @ShopPVMall @Starbucks should learn about saturation.I mean, they clearly understand HOW to do it.But they should learn WHY NOT to do it.I suppose this location may be a slight exception, what with being in the mall, but really, there are about five hundred other locations within a stone's throw of here.(I may be exaggerating slightly)It's nice that they still give you a free cup of ice water. It's nice to have something to drink while the kiddos play in the play area at the mall.I don't dislike the products at SB, I just have a general distaste for the lack of small business coffee shops left, after the aforementioned saturation takes place.Blah blah free market.
4	This is my local Starbucks at the mall near my apartment. This location is very fast....has a friendly staff....and of course the half off Fraps from 3-5 pm are the best deal in town right now. We I need my Starbucks fix...this is definitely my favorite location. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	Oh my gosh, they have a Starbucks inside PV Mall even though there are two across the street? Weird!Well, you know, Starbucks is Starbucks is Starbucks. Yea, certain people say other locations may make better drinks, but honestly it just depends on when you go and what barista is behind the bar.I love sipping on an iced carmel macchiato while I window shop in the mall since I'm recently broke due to purchasing this $5 iced coffee ;)The staff always is welcoming despite dealing with the occasional group of 6 teenagers hanging out and being loud. There are two tables outside to sit out and get freshly contaminated air from that same occasional group of 6 teenagers that think smoking is cool. But anyhow, all jokes aside, good location to pick up a Stabucks!
4	Kind of tucked away in a corner of the Paradise Valley Mall. Good service, friendly staff and not overly busy. They also have nice outside patio seating.
4	I'm here pretty regularly, and my order is regularly good. It's Starbucks, after all. Starbucks is Starbucks. Maybe it's because I don't generally go before 3pm, but there never seems to be much in the baked goods case. Since I don't go for the food, it's not a big issue. I'm usually accompanied by two small children anxious to play in the kid's area, so it's nice to be able to stop in some days and grab something to drink while they play. I've never had any issues with anyone who works there, and only a few times had a drink not prepared quite right (like when I ask for nonfat milk, sometimes I'll also somehow get sugar free syrup which is gross). Overall, it's a good starbucks.
1	Okay- I am not the one to give reviews but this time I'm going to have to say I have to give one because of the extreme lack of costumer service I got.I had not been to this location in a long, long time, today I went and got my drink I get almost daily but decided to add something extra, the guy who was ringing me up was nice and as soon as I said I wanted some hazelnut drizzle I hear a lady yell from the back "that's an extra charge" okay... Sure I don't care. Well I got my iced coffee ms it tasted really bitter so I asked the lady if she could please pour some more 2% milk in my coffee, she proceeded to get an empty cup out and tell me that's everything's measured and that I should tell them before that I want extra milk. She was not nice about it, and I had to get her attention after about 6 times of me saying "excuse me" right by the counter when it wasn't even busy! There was no smile on her face, no being nice, just looking annoyed. In the years that I have gone to starbucks, never had I had an experience like this.
3	Great staff
