5	Zen Kitchen is ridiculously good. It serves Asian food without all the horrible additives and MSG that most takeaways offer. This takeaway is a breath of fresh air as the food is so tasty and fresh that you won't believe it is from a takeaway. My friend recommended this place on the sly, I think it is one of those "secret" places that everyone hopes will stay secret and awesome. I had Sesame Chicken Fried rice which might be my new favourite Chinese dish, although I haven't seen it on many other Chinese menus. The prices are maybe a tiny little bit more than the average Chinese, but it is so much better.The takeout comes in boxes like they do in the States. Nuff said.
4	This is a sort of Asian/European restaurant. They have sit-in meals and delivery too. I've never eaten in the restaurant, but regularly get take-away. And it's delicious!! They take pride in their food and it shines through each and every dish!Their noodles in particular are delicious! In all sauces and styles, they are simply amazing.Pricing is a bit expensive but as I say it's absolutely delicious so worth it!
4	Delicious!! There's no other word for it!!If you're into Asian cuisine then this is the place you'll want to go to. Their noodles are nothing short of delicious - you know how sometimes you get bored half way through your chow mein? Well not these noodles.I want to try the Sesame Chicken Fried Rice following Amy's recommendation, but I have no doubt that it will be delicious.The remaining star is lost because the price was a bit hefty, and I was told that I had to go and collect it myself....which I didn't mind because I had a car but I would have been really miffed if i hadn't.
4	Great selection of Asian food from China, Japan, Thailand, etc. I had a yakisoba and miso soup, both of which were really tasty!The food tastes pretty authentic, without too many additives - much better than the average takeaway.
4	Zen, Zen, Zen, oh how you tempt me, so close to my house and so delicious. Your Udon XO are amazing and your duck rolls are divine. Good flavours and none of the generic Asian flavours of a lot of places.Zen's great. I love it. I just wish their hot and sour soup was better. Everything else I've had from there has been delicious but I'd recommend staying away if you have a trip to the dentist or you're going on a smoochy date the next day. Garlic, garlic, garlic! ;)Just been reminded that it's worth noting here that Zen don't use MSG so if ya don't like that kind of thing then you might want to give it a go!
2	Cheap(ish) and cheerful(ish) Far Eastern restaurant with an eclectic menu and fast service.Bear in mind I ordered takeaway (on a Sunday night) and the sit-in experience may be quite different, but I found the food to be pretty disappointing, particularly when there are so many other great options in the area. The chicken/beef/prawns in spiced gravy formula seems a bit old-hat, and the beef in particular was chewy.I may try eating in at some point, but certainly won't rush to get their takeaway again.
5	Best Chinese in Edinburgh, food is fresh, delivery is always early. Would recommend the satay, prawn toast, spicy chicken wings and any rice. Wouldn't order from anywhere else now!
