4	I've been on a retro vinyl kick lately, and, at the moment, Aux 33 Tours is the store that's been doing the best job of satisfying my addiction.  Huge selection of music, most of it vinyl, and it's well-organized, too.  (I recently went into a record store that was organized by first names.  The "B" bin contained records by The Beatles and The Buzzcocks alongside records by Bob Dylan and Bert Jansch.  The rationale?  "iTunes, man.  That's what the kids are into!")  Anyway, I'm not sure about the staff yet, they've been mostly stand-offish, but they're getting their hands on some choice records, and the collection spans everything from classic and modern rock, to psych, folk, soul, jazz, metal, and beyond.  Great selection of Franco-prog, for instance.  Lots of new releases on vinyl, too.  Prices run the gamut--sometimes very fair, indeed, other times a little on the exorbitant side, but generally perfectly acceptable.
5	I found this store on a recent trip to Montreal and I must say that it was heaven for a vinyl junkie like myself! Their selection was amazing and I thought the prices were very good also. They have both new pressings and used selections. Their filing system made it easy to browse and I could spend days in a store like this! They also sent my purchases to me so I didn't have to take them with me in my luggage. If you are in the city and love vinyl, it is well worth the trip to check them out. They also have CD's but I didn't look at these because I was focused on the vinyl selection. The store is only 10 blocks from the Mount Royal metro station which is very convenient so enjoy!
4	I'm not even a big fan of record shopping, but if you or someone you love is, this place is totally easy to spend some time (and money) in. They have a well-curated selection and it's easy to flip through. They even have really well placed stickers on each record so you can see what you're doing. I totally bopped around from section to section while my boo did some real hunting and found some good stuff.
5	Record shopping brought to the 21st century! Digitally catalogued for your convenience; intelligent and knowledgeable staff willing to help you so long as you don't ask stupid questions like "Do you sell Pink Floyd albums??"
4	Used vinyl section is fairly varied, everything is $1, and most importantly everything is in surprisingly great condition for a used selection. Some of these 70s/80s records looked brand new.
5	You would only like this place if you like clean stores, well organized vinyl, helpful staff, and great music playing as you shop. So pretty much everyone that likes vinyl will dig Aux 33. That said their prices are a bit high, but it can be worth a little extra at times.
5	I have now written reviews for many different record stores through the nyc/nj area and will now forever be spoiled by Aux 33. This store was big, roomy and with a huge variety of vinyl.Cons: -none!Pros: -A lot of records were on sale-Where a lot of record stores increase the prices on vinyls that are newly released, this store kept the prices normal-Prices overall were slightly lower then in the nyc area-All new vinyl is in their computer system so they can look up different albums and artists for you-Huge huge variety. Records I have never seen and thought I would have to special order for were in massive amounts at this store. My bf even found a huge selection of punk vinyl-Super friendly staff who were more then happy to help with any questions. If your in Montreal and like records this is a must visit.
5	Hands down the best record store I've been to in the 21st century.  Something i thought I would never see again has come back to life. The selection of new vinyl is staggering and a sight to behold. A truly impressive sight to see and worth the trip.
5	I am new to vinyls and I am quite happy to have found this place here on Yelp.I spent 3 hours there last Sunday and I can't wait to go back again. Pricing is average for new LPs, but the $1 bins are the greatest things ever.  Looking forward to going back again next weekend.
5	My second time at au33 a great little store very organized and always new arrivals. I am restating my collection of vinyl LPs  so I will be back,
