4	"Hot Yoga" is all the rave these days.  Now, after visiting Bikram Yoga Avondale, I can see why.  I had a college professor years ago that used to swear by it.  It always interested me, so when I received a coupon in the local mailer, a friend and I decided to give it a go.  I'm a naturally athletic person, but yoga had never been anything I had dabbled in.  The coupon was $10 for 10 days of unlimited yoga.  The deal with Bikram yoga is the routine is the same every time.  There are 26 postures that are repeated in the same order each session and lasts 90 minutes.  The room is about 105 degrees and 40% humidity.  You sweat like a pig, but don't wipe it off b/c it will help cool you down - that's my little knowledge gift to you.Shelby and John Rayner are the owners and teach many of the classes.  They used to teach them all, but I think they have hired some additional instructors.  The decor and ambiance is very calming and it's a very positive place.  The instructors try to learn your name as quickly as possible and make you feel welcome.  I'm not going to lie, Bikram yoga is tough as nails, but I found it very satisfying.  I had to take it down one star on the vote just because it is so damn expensive.  I haven't been since I completed my 10 day trial, but hopefully I'll be able to pick it up when I have some more walkin' around money.If you're looking for something new, check out Bikram Yoga Avondale and let the Rayners take care of you.  Also browse their website b/c it's really informational.  They've gotten so busy in the last few months they have added additional class times and online sign-ups (there were no sign-ups when I went).  Also, they have a better maiden voyage deal for the newbies - $40 for one month unlimited.  It was hard to orchestrate it all within 10 days - one month is much more generous so take advantage and give it a whirl!P.S.  The small, tight fitting clothing isn't just so people can flaunt what they've got.  It really helps you do the postures more effectively.  Plus, if you wear sweats or any sort of bulky clothing, you'll feel like you want to die.  So, the moral of the story is to man up and go with the flow.  The patrons are great and no one cares what other folks are wearing.  Actually, you might stick out if you're sportin' the sweatsuit so get skimpy to blend in.
4	I've been practicing yoga for ten years and thought I'd give Bikram a shot as a new challenge. I chose Bikram Yoga Avondale simply because it was the closest studio to me. Shelby and John run a wonderful studio - the atmosphere is friendly, calm and supportive, and the instructors are extremely knowledgeable. The studio itself is pretty stinky, but that's true of any Bikram studio because of the heat and sweat. The studio room is very large with plenty of room for about 2 dozen practitioners, all of whom are super nice.I kept it up for two months until A) I got bored and B) my travel schedule heated up again. That has nothing to do with this studio at all, of course. The boredom came from the class being exactly the same, down to the script spoken by the instructors, every single class. Again, not a studio issue; this is one of the rules of Bikram.But if you have a longer attention span and less crazy schedule than I and you live in the SW Valley, give Bikram Yoga Avondale a shot. Your first class you'll feel like you're dying. Your second class you'll feel like you're flying.
4	I've been to two other Bikram studios in the valley (which all offer first-timer discounts), but Avondale is closest to my house.  Overall, I've probably taken around fifteen classes at this studio.  I'm a huge fan of yoga in general and I love Bikram.  I am not a regular unfortunately because I work full-time, go to grad school, and the Avondale schedule doesn't work for me Mondays, Wednesdays, or Fridays.  (They offer late classes on Tuesdays and Thursdays, 8:15 p.m. start time.)  The pricing is very similar at all of the studios in Phoenix and it can be very pricey when compared to a gym membership.  Currently I pay the drop-in rate of $17 for each class.  You can pay to rent a mat if you don't have one and they sell beverages as well as yoga gear.  (I've never purchased anything except coconut water.)  The instructors are awesome; very positive and motivating even when you are overwhelmed, sitting down and resting.  I've been to other studios where they resemble drill sergeants and I can feel my blood pressure elevating, which is not what I'm looking for in a yoga instructor.  My fave instructor is Nikki, whose sense of humor easily comes through and lightens up the class.  One instructor I was not such a fan of, but I believe she has left.  They are always available after class for questions and are constantly praising students for effort, posture, etc.  This studio is relaxing, professional, and has a positive atmosphere.  I've met one of the owners and she was radiating with kindess and genuine positivity.  A suggestion: help correct people's postures more whether it be during class or after.  It's amazing how one subtle adjustment in yoga can make all the difference.
5	I bought the LivingSocial deal these folks recently ran, and I am so glad I did!  This was my first time doing Bikram Yoga, and it sure does "humble" you, as Nikki, the manager says.  After about 2 weeks of going on a daily basis (minus a few days), I feel like I am really getting the hang of it.  This studio does a great job to make you feel welcome.  They seem surprisingly busy for summer months, but maybe that's due to the promotions they run on sites like LivingSocial ;)They have yoga clothes for sale, coconut water, and regular water too.  If you don't have a mat, you can buy or rent one, and they have towels for rent as well.  Good luck!  This is a great establishment, and I am really happy I found it!
4	My mom, sister and I decided to give Bikram a try after buying a groupon.  Let me say this, as ready as you feel you may be, you are not!With that being said, Bikram Yoga Avondale was a great place to be a newbie.  Everybody there was so friendly and our first class was instructed by John, one of the owners.  He was extremely nice and went out of his way to make sure we felt comfortable during the whole class.  I also have recently had knee surgery and he was very accommodating about giving me other option when I was unable to do some of the poses.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is up for a challenge and looking for a welcoming environment to start that in!
5	I went to Bikram Yoga Avondale pretty regularly for 3 years...and then I moved to Virginia just last month. Boy. After trying out studios in my new city, I have to say that Avondale is the best studio I've ever been to. The teachers are strong and encouraging, the students are super friendly and the whole vibe of this studio is uplifting. When I come back to AZ to visit, I'd pay double just for the privilege of practicing in this awesome studio. Please don't make me pay double. I love the dedication Shelby and John (and the Green girls) give to making this a top-notch place. Go here often.
5	We are visiting from Minneapolis.  This was my first heated yoga class and I love it.  I will be attending many more Bikram classes when I am in Minneapolis.   PS - 105 degree room was a great way to defrost from -15 MN temperature :-)
5	I Wandered into Bikram Yoga Avondale while visiting my parents for the Thanksgiving holiday weekend from LA., and practiced there almost everyday of my trip.It's a great studio, it's clean and bright. The folks there were super-friendly. It had a great vibe. I got the feeling that there was a good sense of community there. The sun came glaring into the side of the room one day (through a screened window) it wasn't horrible, but some people started shifting around. Didn't bother me, but made me think of what that place could get like in the summer months.The instructors and staff were amazing. I'm happy I found this place. It will definitely be my go-to while visiting. Thank you and see you during Christmas.
5	Last week my husband and I were visiting from Portland, Oregon.  I wanted to practice Bikram so I did a search and found Bikram Avondale.  Every part of my visits (2 times) to the studio was terrific.  The facilities were beautiful and very, very well maintained and the teachers were excellent.  I really enjoyed myself and it was one of my favorite parts of my vacation.  Thanks Avondale Bikram!
