4	1st time here at little texas, had the burger\fries. the burger was nice and juicy cooked to prefection.they sell ribs,steaks,salads and a few sandwiches.the menu is limited, very nice couple own the restaurant.great service and very cordial andrew the owner.can't wait to try the baby back ribs.....smelled yummy........located in old strip mall behind JB restaurant off of florence blvd, little hard to find, but a GREAT find.
4	Good food and great service. Stopped in for lunch and was pleasantly surprised. Will definitely be back. They have a limited menu but everything on it looked good, I would definitely recommend them.
3	Stopped by for lunch a few weeks ago. The location is notorious for the changing restaurants, so I hope this one has better luck than the previous establishments. My mother and I ordered some ribs and a salad! The salad was okay, nothing to great, but the ribs were tasty. They had a certain kick to them! They were a little bit pricey, but their a hometown/small business so I don't mind paying the little extra.
5	Stopped in for dinner and didn't expect to be amazed but the ribs were amazing and the BBQ sauce was on point! I will be returning to satisfy my next BBQ fix.
5	Have eaten here a couple of times, and the ribs are awesome!  I would describe it as really good full service restaurant quality BBQ food in a counter service/quick service restaurant.  Great for a good quick dine-in lunch and would be awesome for take-out food for dinner!  Nice local family owned place, I eat here just about every time I'm in Casa Grande.
5	This is a store front steak and rib joint. Wow and wow! Loved the ribs salad and potato. Cute little dining area, the servers are so nice. My daughter had the ribeye excellent. Really didn't expect that. It's tucked away in a unexpected place. Glad I found it.
5	Ribs are fantastic!  So tender & the BBQ sauce is awesome...actually best BBQ I've had.  Restaurant is locally owned and no frills...just really good food!
5	One of the town's best little secret,  the ribs are too die for. The meat just melts off the bones. Heaven
1	Sign in windows says they are only open limited hours during the summer, but it always seems to be closed even during the posted hours.  Not sure what the problem is, but us along with several others ended going down to the Chinese Restaurant at the end of the strip mall and had a good meal.  We drove from the City of Maricopa so finding it closed was a disappointment after seeing some of the ratings.
