4	This is an out of town shopping centre.It offers a lot of parking and good shops.It also offers places to eat.It has a morrisons that is a doesnt size to do your shopping.Its a good place to go to.
3	I feel a bit mean giving the Gyle a 3 star score, seeing as I've shopped here so much in the past, however the definition of a 3 star is "A-OK", and that pretty much sums up my thoughts. I'm not the biggest aficionado of shopping centres in the first place, which doesn't help, but having been around for a while, I think The Gyle probably just needs a bit of a revamp and some new, funky stores to give it a lift.Yes, it's handy, because being a shopping centre by nature, it has a roof over it, protecting you from awful daily Scottish weather, plus you can park for free. If you need something fairly normal and standard urgently, The Gyle is always a safe bet, housing Marks & Spencer, River Island, Accesorize, Boots, Dorothy Perkins, Gap, Starbucks, and HMV, amongst others. Most High Street outlets you will find, and it does have a Mathiesons in the Food Court, a brilliant wee bakery, with particularly tasty Yum Yums.
4	I used to come here with my folks when I was fairly minute, and it was a modern and impressive shopping centre. Many moons later, it's still alright, but definitely feels a bit tired and in need of something new.Retail space in the city centre is limited for obvious reasons, and upon it's opening The Gyle was touted as the answer for Edinburgh's shopaholics. Unfortunately, or perhaps fortunately, such a breed is quite rare in the city, and thus The predominant atmosphere in The Gyle is one of apathy.To sum up, it's basically slightly bigger branches of the stores on Princes Street, and little else. Good, but nowadays I've little reason to visit other than for purposes of childhood nostalgia.
3	I breifly visited the Gyle Shopping Centre once while I had my car up in Edinburgh and I was in need of some items that Princes Street had filed to supply. Having been to just about everywhere else, this was my last chance saloon - and to be honest, while it did deliver, I'm not sure how much of an impression it made.The main thing is that this place needs a good lick of paint and something new to inject the life back into it - its really is just a place where people come to shop, unlike Princes Street or somewhere simnilar in the city centre which has at least some pretty views and a sense of occasion.I'm not sure how to end this review - the Gyle Centre is a place to shop (obviously) when all you want to do is get your things and go.
3	The Gyle Sopping Centre is, in my opinion, not the place to come if you're in Edinburgh and looking for a good day's shopping.  Unfortunately, in comparison to Glasgow, Edinburgh doesn't really offer anything special in the way of shops.  Princes Street, although it has a large selection, it about as good as it gets.  The Gyle is clean, a decent size and has a huge car park.  In addition, it's got most of the shops which you would expect, from Clinton Cards to HMV.  The only thing I've bought is a box of chocolates for my mum from Thornton's last year for Mother's Day.  As a shopping experience it's fine, but you can't help but expect a little more both in the way of shops and general ambiance.
5	I went here today as usual. busy busy busy. I was walking round the centre nearly everyone was smiling. Most shops in which I recieved good service. One place in pericular within here was a chemist called boots. I was looking for something and got directed to the right place. When I got to the chechout the cashier was very social with customer service and ready with a smile. I rate this 5/5 because I go to this place a lot as it's quite local to me and the service usually all in all is very good.
3	working in the gyle industrial estate this shopping centre is the closest thing for a lunchtime escape from the office.  so maybe i see it through rose-tinted shades while others may find this place a bit run down and lacking.  but for me, it's a beacon of clothing shops, food options, and starbucks that i can visit during my lunch break and enjoy a bit of freedom from the office.i'm pretty sure when the gyle was first opened it was shiny and state of the art, but i do feel that might have been awhile ago.  however what's on offer is still quite good, one of the largest marks & spencers food halls, a good sized morrisons, a huge boots, a decent new look and dorothy perkins, and my beloved starbucks.  they also have a millie's cookie stand which Kelly F can confirm i have a serious love affair with.  omg cookie cake anyone????yes it is a bit dark and the food court has a lack of options if you're looking for healthier food, but it's still a decent place to spend a lunch hour or make an emergency run to boots for when you're run out of mascara or concealor.  or when i've decided i just desperately need that new dorothy perkins dress i saw in my gossip magazine.  i like this place, it's a-ok and despite being slighty aged still has a fair bit to offer.
5	Clean open space with plenty of shopping diversities, don't see reason to fault it.
4	Has almost all shops that I require plus coffee stops and restrooms.  Massive M&S too, which is good.
