5	Welcome back, welcome back, welcome back!I was devastated when the old Top Notch BBQ food truck got repossessed out from under pitmaster Jimmy Cole. Where else was I going to get my beloved #CincyPorkWich, a towering sandwich of tender, smoky pulled pork smothered in rich, sweet Cincinnati chili?Well, this month Jimmy and Val finally opened a brick-and-mortar version of their beloved Top Notch truck in a killer location at Eastern & Serene, just off the 215 in the Doc Holliday's restaurant space previously occupied by Monstah Lobstah.I'm pleased to report that those familiar flavors are back and you can once again taste the well-deserved winner of the Las Vegas Weekly's nod as best BBQ in town.I'm more than a little obsessed with the Cincy chili here, partly because you can only get it in one other place in Vegas (and they make it way too sweet). So my favorite sandwiches here are the ones smothered in it. The first is the aforementioned #CincyPorkWich, referred to on the menu unobtrusively as the "pulled pork sandwich." You can also get it with cole slaw instead of the chili, which is always a good option.Another standout sandwich is the beef hot link, with genuine heat and a nice snap to it. It's served in a soft sesame seed bun, covered in just enough chili and melted cheddar to create a gestalt of savory goodness without rendering the sandwich a sloppy mess.As for the sides, the beans are among the best I've ever had, and the sweet potato casserole is a standout as well.In a desperate and futile attempt to battle the body image issues that come with being a single man living in Las Vegas, I try to restrict my diet with a "no pork during pool season" edict. When I break this edict, you can bet your pig's feet that this is where you'll find me.
5	Just follow your nose to this place! The smell of barbeque is wafting in the air from the parking lot since their smoker is out in front smokin up some ribs. The menu selection is simple but full of delicious homestyle comfort food choices. So I chose the two meat combo plate with choice of two side dishes (mine were Cincy style fries & Sweet Potato Casserole)  and Texas toast. I was in for a real treat! Ribs and Pulled Pork -  Excellent!! This is way the ribs are done!  Sweet, Smoky and just a kick of Spicy! The seasonings they use for their dry rub are flavorful, you do not really need much sauce for it. That's a pet peeve of mine; when BBQ places drown their ribs or pulled pork with sauce. So I love how they use BBQ sauce here as a compliment for the ribs.  Smoked just right. Meat tears away from the bone easily.  Same deal with the pulled pork. One bite and I am forever hooked to Top Notch Barbeque for sure! The 2 meat combo plate came with 2 ribs and a huge portion of pulled pork. Mr. B ordered the smaller combo (yeah I know make me look like the piggy!)  It was $14.99 for 1lb of pulled pork 2 sides and Texas toast. A very good deal for the portions you get. This place beats out the chain BBQ places in every way.  Cincinnati Style Chili Fries - This is good stuff!  The fries are the thicker cut type topped with Chili and cheese.  Cincy style chili beef is finely grounded so the texture is not as chunky, it's almost like a meat sauce. The blend of spices are more on the sweeter rather than the spicy side, I tasted the cinnamon right away. For a side dish served with the combo the serving was plentiful.Sweet Potato Casserole - It's OMGoody goodness!  Came as one of my other side dish choices. The whipped sweet potatoes were pack full in a mini bowl and topped brown sugar candied pecans. If you have a sweet tooth like me, you'll love this side dish. It's not over the top sweet, but this dish can also pass as desert in my opinion. In fact I did order an extra side to take home and will have it for my dessert. It was just that good!The restaurant is part of Doc Hollidays but there is a separate entrance and it's divided from the bar/gaming part so families with younger children are welcome here.  The dining area is large, pretty light and airy, the walls have western motif deco going on.  Plenty of seating. Couple of booths against the walls and table/chairs that can be easily arrange to seat large groups.  Service was good! Our server Tommy  friendly and attentive, greeted us as soon as we stepped in, had our drinks out to us right away, took and got our orders promptly, refilled drinks when needed.  The  owner and THE Pit Master himself Jimmy also came to our table to check up on us as well.   Top Notch Barbeque lives up to it's name. Looks like I found my first lunch spot for 2013! I cant wait to come back here again and again.
5	Fantastic BBQ place. Went back to back days last weekend. My wife is a Cinci native and she was excited to see a place that has Cinci Chili. That's what got us in the door, but the amazing ribs, tender chicken, and insanely good sweet potato casserole is what will keep us coming back. Support this place. Henderson needs good BBQ like this.
5	Top Notch is by far the best barbeque that you will find here in Vegas or anywhere else for that matter, coming from two people who have lived and eaten all over the country and overseas.  We were followers of Top Notch when it was a food truck, devastated when they lost the lease on their mobile kitchen.  FINALLY the brick and mortar is here and everything is just as we remembered.You can't go wrong with the green beans, sweet potato casserole, or baked beans with any one of the amazing proteins that are slow smoked to perfection on location.  By far, my favorite thing about Top Notch has always been the pulled pork, my boyfriend loves the chicken and ribs.  Whenever he orders the ribs, they get a little bit difficult to eat because you end up with a bone in your hand when gravity causes the meat to slide right off the bone.  This is NOT the kind of barbeque that you smother in sauce.  The house barbeque sauce, though, is a great addition, with a nice smoky pepper flavor, not too sweet like the syrupy sauce you find at chains, and not overly spicy like the stuff you find at BWW's or a wing joint.Last but not least, make sure you ask for some of the sweet potato pie.  You'll most likely have to get it to-go, however, since you will have cleaned your plate for dinner!
2	Read about this new BBQ place in town on VegasChatter.com so went to check it out for lunch. The pulled pork sandwich was delicious and the best part of our experience here. I would recommend it. I ordered the chili on the side instead of on top of my sandwich. Good call because I didn't like the chili at all. Everything else we ordered was mediocre. Rib tips weren't very tasty. The sides were a disappointment and here's why - melted styrofoam! Gross! I dumped the baked mac and cheese onto my plate to find the styrofoam cup was melted on the inside! That CAN'T be healthy! Same happened with the sweet potato casserole. Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick. The baked beans also came in a styrofoam cup which didn't melt and tasted just ok. I know this place's roots are from a food truck, but it's time to get rid of the styrofoam! It's literally IN my food AND not earth-friendly. And you don't even need the styrofoam! The sides could be placed directly on the plate. Texas toast would be better if they buttered and seasoned BOTH sides of the bread. Fun to see Kool-Aid on the beverage menu and the smoker right out front! I truly hope they do well and work out the kinks because it has much potential!
4	Casual atmosphere in the space formerly known as Monstah Lobstah. Decent menu with interesting choices. We had a rack of ribs and a hot link sandwich. The hot link was great, but was served on a hotdog bun which disintegrated shortly after being served.  The ribs.  The ribs are where it's at. Coated with a tasty dry rub and served naked. Great ribs ALWAYS taste good naked, and these were no exception. The sauce is an excellent blend of sweet and spicy and complimented the rub nicely.  Together, they made the ribs some the best we have had. We will be back!
4	First time around and I thought they were good. For a local BBQ joint, they might eventually move up to be one of my favorites. I didn't get to try their ribs because they were still cooking on the smoker. A tip would be to not go too early since they won't always have everything done by opening. I will go back sometime during the mid afternoon to guarantee me a taste of the highly spoken about ribs. What we did have was amazing. The chili cheese fries are everything you loved as a kid. The chili is free of beans and is made completely of meat. The cheese comes in sauce form. The fries could have been fried longer to add a textural variation to the dish, but that is just nitpicking. The two meat plate is more than enough to feed two people. The pulled pork was a little dry. I was highly impressed with the chicken. It was moist, tender, and the skin had a slight crisp under the BBQ sauce. As for the sides, the sweet potato casserole was the hands down best. It is packed with pecans and brown sugar goodness. The mac'n cheese was good as well. I will definitely be back for the ribs and sweet potato casserole next time.
2	I really wanted to like this place. I really did. I ordered the two meat combo. It is your choice of two meats and two sides. Comes with Texas toast. I chose pulled pork and ribs for the meat. Cincinnati Fries and Sweet Potato Casserole for the sides. The ribs had a dry rub on there that was decent. The pulled pork was tender but had no flavor. I poured the default barbeque sauce that was on the table. The sauce itself was a little bland but at least when you put it on the pulled pork it gave it some life.The Cincinnati Fries were basically Chili Cheese Fries. The Chili itself is not what im used to. It was a bit runny and not spicy at all. The Sweet Potato Casserole was decent. It was pretty sweet and was topped with pecans.The total I paid was 24.17 and that's with tax and 20 percent tip. Now as you can see that is bit pricey for the meal I had. Imagine if I got a fountain drink. That would have bumped it to 27 bucks. Their menu is the same no matter lunch or dinner. It would be awesome if they had lunch specials. Their location is a bit of find because they share the same building as Doc Holidays. I gotta admit, it is pretty spacious and clean. The service was decent.Some random info: They play Blues music here. Nothing against it but the whole time I was there, the 6 or 7 songs I heard were all about growing up in the South and people finding the love of their life then breaking up which inspired the song they are singing. The songs I heard were different variations of the same thing. On February 2 they are gonna start a Karaoke thing. I guess that would be better than listening to depressing songs about your spouse and your dog running away. I guess people singing out of tune is more entertaining.So overall, I wasnt too impressed. I don't usually wanna spend 20 plus dollars for lunch. I hate to say it but having eaten here is definitely gonna make me do that Dickey's Barbeque review. I think their barbeque sauce is what makes their beef brisket and pulled pork even better. AND you dont spend more than 20 bucks for one person.
4	Finally, a solid BBQ place that's not a chain and is closer to our house.  Got Top Notch to go for the Super Bowl at home.  It now occupies the space formerly held by Monstah Lobstah, which is the restaurant portion of the Doc Holliday's bar on the corner of Serene and Eastern.  Top Notch's sit doesn't make that clear, but the entrance is at Doc Holliday's.My wife had chicken with green beans and baked beans.  I got the sampler platter, which I did not realize when ordering, but it's ENORMOUS.  4 meats:  ribs, chicken, hot links, and pulled pork.  Comes with 2 sides and 4 half slices (so 2 large slices) of texas toast.  This meal is easily enough for 2 people, and probably 3.  So, don't balk at the price (it's about $23 as I recall).  Well worth it, and you'll have leftovers for sure...First thing, the texas toast has excellent garlic butter on it.  Not your typical toast.  I usually don't care for texas toast, as I find it too think and bready, but this had excellent flavor.  The ribs were the star meat-wise.  They had a nice smoke ring, good amount of rub, and were tender but not so tender they couldn't stay on the bone.  This is not as easy to achieve as many think.  The hot links were standard, I could have used more heat and I also like them crispier.  I'll ask that they stay on the grill longer next time I come.  The chicken was the worst of the 4 meats for me, but it was fine.  The mac n cheese was a great side, great crust on the top.  The sweet potato casserole is solid, but it's a dessert to me.  I'll definitely get it again.  The baked beans were my favorite of the 2 bean sides.  They have large pieces of meat in them and great classic BBQ flavor.  I found the sauce to be fine, but I asked for hot and was given 4 deals of mild.  So, next time I'll make sure I get the hot sauce.We'll be back for sure, it was a lot of food.  We will get several meals out of it.  Also, the meat stood up well to reheating in a toaster oven.I was disappointed to find several items on the menu that were not listed on the website.  These items included mac n cheese, pulled pork, seasoned fries, plus many others.  So, realize this if you are ordering to go and going solely off of the website.  I grabbed a couple of to go menus, so we won't have the issue again.  I was told they will update the website, so I'm hopeful that occurs soon.
5	Top Notch indeed. My friend Jay F. had been talking up this place for years, dating back to when they were a food truck, so I couldn't pass up the chance to try it out. Pulled pork sandwich smothered with Cincy Chili? Yes please!Located adjacent to a bar, this has the typical BBQ joint "no frills" look and feel. My friend and I settled on splitting two sandwiches - the pulled pork and sausage link, both covered in Cincy chili. Cincinnati chili is a different style (and IMO, superior style) than Texas chili. Don't expect a lot of heat ... instead spices like cinnamon round out the flavor profile. I prefer my Cincy a bit on the sweeter and spicier side, but this was good chili, and complimented the pulled pork and sausage link well. The chili cheese fries side were awesome, and came at no extra charge. (99% of places offer fries as a side, and an upcharge to add the cheese and chili) Beans were good, but overshadowed by the awesomeness of the chili cheese fries.We also ordered rib tips, but they were conspicuously absent from the meal. We checked with the server, who indicated that they were missed, and would be out soon. They were, and we were "hooked up" with a massive order. Being stuffed from the sandwiches and fries, we had room for about 2 rib tips each and then took them to go. They were wonderful, smoky, tender, and great then and as leftovers 3 hours later. Top Notch is another great example of the quality food you can find in Vegas when you know someone who is a local and you get off of The Strip and other touristy areas. It's a legit destination for any BBQ aficionado.
5	Go for the 3 meat plate. Perfect for 2 people and the sweet potato pie should be renamed little slice of heaven.
4	Got the pulled pork with potato salad. The pulled pork is beautifully cooked and the potato salad is sweet and creamy. They have brisket now that I definitely will try next time. I will be back. Definitelty recommend.
5	This is great barbeque at a reasonable price. I had lunch there with my boss and he was raving about the pulled pork sandwich. I had the rib tip dinner with the sweet potatoe casserole and mac and cheese. The ribs were outstanding, tender and with the sides more than I can eat. That never happens and even with that I was so tempted to order another side order of the sweet potatoe casserole because it was just that good. I finished it for dinner and wanted more!! If you get the chance get there. It is not fancy but you will not care.. I was going to give 4 stars but in thinking about the food it was just that good!
1	Ok, so let me preface this by saying if this were based solely on the food, I'd probably give it three stars.  My issue is customer service.  Let me also preface this by saying that I'm a Sommelier & Manager in a restaurant.  I've also been a server and bartender, so I understand the inner-workings of restaurants. Sometimes things go wrong with just one customer when everyone else that day had a positive experience.  I also understand that it's not always the server's fault when things go wrong, in fact most of the time it's not, but yet most people take out their dissatisfaction on them.  The server who I dealt with was very polite and tried to accommodate me within what was probably the limits that management allows.   I arrived to placed a to-go order.  I placed my order, paid, then sat down to wait.  About five minutes later she comes over to let me know they were out of what I ordered. Not her fault! I'm calm and choose something else.  I ordered the two-meat combo: hot links & ribs with mac'n'cheese and sweet potato casserole for my side, and this cookie thing for desert.  Because they had to re-do my order, she told me it  would take a little longer and offered me a soft drink.   Again, she was very polite and attempted to make sure I would not be upset.  At one point she comes over to let me know they are packaging it up now, it will just be a few minutes...which wound up being fifteen minutes later.   Total time waiting: FIFTY minutes...that is fifty, FIVE-ZERO, 50.  The restaurant was not busy.  She apologized profusely and offered me 10% off if I were to come back.  I was not nasty to her at any point as I know it was probably not her fault. But 10%?!?!?!  Are you kidding me?  If I hadn't already paid, I would have walked out.  No offer to refund my money or throw anything extra in(which they should have done automatically).  Again, I'm a manager in a restaurant, but one who is empathetic and sympathetic.  I rarely get mad at poor dining experiences, but this was ridiculous.  Her manager should have offered me a FREE meal, not 10% off.  That's not the way you get someone to come back after an experience like that.  We comp a dish off a ticket or send free items when stuff like that happens and NOBODY HAS TO COMPLAIN.  If we know this happened, we automatically do this.   On to the food and I promise this unbiased.  I believe reviews of food should be separate of everything else:$27.99 for my entree and a dessert.  WAYYY TOO EXPENSIVE. The food was decent, ribs were tender and tasted pretty good, hotlinks were generic tasting, mac was ok, but the stand-out was the Sweet Potato casserole; it was amazing.  The dessert was good.  Honestly, again being unbiased, you can get the same quality from Famous Dave's for way less money.  I lived in Memphis for three years and I'm picky about BBQ.  Still, it was decent, but totally not worth the price.
5	First off, let me just say that this is the best BBQ spot in Vegas....hands down. Let me first start off with the Kool-Aid...yes I said it, Kool-Aid. It was perfectly made with the perfect amount of sugar so it wasn't too sweet. The ribs were amazing and cooked perfectly. Even the gristle was soft and tender. The ribs are served with a dry rub that has just the right amount of kick, and there's sauce readily available at the table. The baked Mac & Cheese was awesome, and the the fries were seasoned perfectly. I was a huge advocate of Lucille's Smokehouse BBQ, but Top Notch kills them in almost every aspect. I highly recommend this place so come out and support!!!
1	First of all, it's not a real, "restaurant" it's really a make shift spot with tables located inside Doc Holiday's.  We came to this place after hearing amazing reviews from a magazine, boy were we surprised.  We wanted to order ribs but, "Sorry, we don't have any."  What!?  You are a Barbeque restaurant.  I ordered the BBQ pulled pork sandwich and it came out PINK...PINK as in undercooked and totally overpriced.  Horrible, horrible, horrible.  Then to top things off they brought us beer that was frozen solid.  If I wanted a Slurpee I'd go to 7/11.  Do NOT eat here.
5	Finally a GREAT barbecue place that we will frequent.  We split the 4 meat combo with ribs, pulled pork, spicy links and chicken. It came with two sides and Texas toast.  Everything was so very tasty.  The fries were crispy tossed in a really great spicy, sweet seasoning. There was plenty on that plate for us to split. The spicy link was our favorite. The spicy part did not linger for long in your mouth.  The owner stopped by our table to say hello and you can tell he genuinely loves what he does.  Try this place out!
5	What a fantastic place. If your tired of chain BBQ and places claiming to BBQ, then this is what Vegas sorely needed. This place is a hidden gem. Luckily I found out about it because of Yelp. The menu is the right size. Not so huge and just gets down to the good stuff. A tad pricey but worth it. It's price is similar to Lucille's but the taste and quality blows them away. I ordered the 2 meat combo. I went with the Ribs and Pulled Pork. You get 2 sides and garlic bread. I chose the baked Mac and Cheese and Seasoned Fries. You get 2 meaty Ribs. Seasoned to perfection and fall off the bone tender. Flamed kissed and comes with no sauce. You can add sauce since its on the table. It was smoky and juicy. I found myself nibbling all i can off the bone. I added some sauce to see what it would taste like. AWESOME!!! You can't go wrong going dry or sauced. I might be getting the whole rack next time lol. The pulled pork was outstanding. Where places in Vegas, its comes out dry. This didn't. It was juicy, smoked perfectly with a nice smoke ring on the meat. The rub they used was outstanding. You don't need sauce on it. If you do, also a home run. The perfect blend of sweet and tangy and a little subtle heat. I need to find out if you can buy the sauce. The Mac and Cheese blew me away. So rich and decadent. Cheese galore in this bad boy. This is a must have to try. I could eat this everyday. The cheese blend was incredible. I never had Mac and Cheese like this. The fries were crispy and had a great seasoning. The fries weren't greasy at all. It went perfect with ketchup as well as the BBQ sauce. When all you have is chains like Famous Dave's and Lucille's and Memphis Championship, this is a welcome addition. No chain backing this. Just a guy who knows how to BBQ and sharing his passion with us. It's funny seeing the negative nelly's on yelp always trying to act big and bad and hoping to get compliments. I take my food and dining experience very serious and always tell it like it is. So, don't listen to what these negative people trying to ruin someones business. Give it a try, i bet you won't be disappointed. Awesome job Top Notch Barbecue!! Till next time....Let's Eat!!!
2	unfortunately, I was a bit underwhelmed.  I love BBQ and I really wanted this place to rock, being that it's local and close to home.  I had the pulled pork, and it was ok.  the sauce got watery and made the bun soggy on the bottom.  I don't know if that was from the coleslaw or what?  It was also a bit pricey.  I don't think I would repeat.  The service was good, but I was really the only one there for lunch.
5	I came here the other day for an early dinner with my daughter, who heard about this place from Bread and Butter. We shared the 4 meat platter w/ 2 sides- links , ribs, pulled pork and brisket. Mac and cheese and baked beans for sides were also delicious. To  keep it short, this was the best BBQ I've had since the Salt Lick closed. Everything was delicious, flavorful and moist. The brisket was thin sliced, delicious and moist. Ribs smoked, spiced with  no sauce. The sauce is on the side and awesome. Big pile of pulled pork, and plenty of slices of hot links. There was enough to take home and reheat on the grill for the next day. It tasted just as good. Service was quick and attentive. But again, the food was super delicious. Forget the rest of the BBQ places in town, this is it! Good Luck.
4	What can I say about Top Notch Barbeque??You see the rating, I'm a fan.  But I am usually a fan of anything BBQ. I've had this one bookmarked as soon as I saw that this was opened for business.  I knew that I would eventually hit this place up once Lent was over.  Well, Lent was over and now had three BBQ spots bookmarked;  Top Notch, TC Rib Crib, and Rollin Smoke.  I hear that all are pretty good so it really didn't matter which one I was going to hit first. Let's start with the bad;1.  Smoke:  Not what you think, this isn't a restaurant where people smoke.  But the place stinks of cigarettes. I am assuming the previous business was a pub or bar.  If you can get past this, then you're ready for issue number 2.2.  Price:  I thought that the prices here were a little high for what you get.  Over $25 for a three item combo??? At Famous Dave's, you can get a two item combo for less than  $10.3.  Selection:  Menu is a small one pager.  Selection isn't huge. Now for the good:1.  Taste:  I had their Beef Brisket Sandwich which was so good. This sandwich basically melted in my mouth. All I could think of was that their ribs must be good too. I'm assuming just from the tenderness of the briskets that their ribs are literally "fall off the bone" type.  I also had their Cincinnati Chili Cheese Fries.  My goodness, was this so bad for you, but good for me.  There's a slight sweet taste from the ginger they add to the chili. Both my meals were great and if it's just taste that I'm rating, I'd give them a solid 4.5 stars.  My only issues with the food was the size of the sandwich.  For over $10, I felt that this was a big small.  Overall, it's the taste of the food that keeps me from rating Top Notch below 4 stars.  Price is a little heavy in my opinion.  But if you're looking for BBQ that's not a chain, then Top Notch should be on your radar.Beef Brisket Sandwich:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=jelWGqD1Jf3fbQDyIvtDJA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQCincinnati Chili Cheese Fries:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=3Zu2v5q44atIm7Bguf_kiQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
3	This place feels to be trying to find it's identity, it's place in our dining community. It's located inside a bar as a separated venue, but the prices are a good deal higher than usual bar food. Rustic wood booths and tables with paper towel roll and a mason jar holding utensils and a western motif, but they have good live jazz music performed on the weekends. They let you sample the food but you don't smell the meats smoking so I think it's prepared off site. While their product satisfies me the prices I pay are at the top end of the spectrum, so I could eat at other BBQ places for the same or less where they hit all the notes. The menu and selections of sides are small and the 2nd visit (a Thursday) they were out of a couple of them. I hope they are working on the concept and can improve the overall restaurant. I'm pulling for them since this town only knows BBQ from chain franchises; these folks know BBQ. But they have some competition here; GET TO IT!
4	Came here after hearing a lot about it's opening through Vegas Seven and LV Weekly magazines.  Brought my normal group of friends for a Sunday night dinner.Our server was very friendly throughout the meal and kept refills going and split our group check without much hesitation.  Unfortunately, they were out of both ribs and brisket which I hear are their best items on the menu.  Thankfully I was in the mood for a pulled pork sandwich, so this did not affect me, but I know a few people in my party were disappointed.The pulled pork was really good, very tender and did not come with sauce on the sandwich so you could use the bottle on the table for your own liking.  I got a side of mac & cheese (which was included) I knew it was good from the start because the cheese was baked in versus runny.After our meal was complete the owner came out to speak with us and shake each one of our hands.  I thought this was a great touch and showed that he's not afraid to get to know his customers.I honestly don't have the same cravings for this place as I do Road Kill Grill, however the location is a plus and I would visit this place over other chain places in the valley!
4	Barbeque in Las Vegas. A phrase that tends to be an oxymoron, unfortunately. Top Notch, however, gets it.We ordered the four meat plate: double ribs, pulled pork and 1/2 chicken. It came with two sides. After careful consideration, we chose the mac and cheese and sweet potato casserole....and then added the baked beans and seasoned fries for good measure.The ribs: gigantic, St. Louis style pork ribs. Ain't no sissy little baby backs in this establishment. No siree! (Forgive me...I get fired up about barbecue. Feel free to read this in a southern accent). They were perfect; juicy, succulent, a slightly crunchy bark from the dry rub. Add a little of the housemade sauce and you got yourself something so good, it'll make you wanna slap ya mama!Since I just made a reference to it, lets talk about the sauce. Usually, I'm not a sauce man and scoff at those that use such a beautiful piece of roast beast as a vehicle for some overly sweet, sodium riddled pancake syrup. The meat here is good on its own, but the sauce really takes it to another level: a perfect balance of tang, sweet and much needed spice. A sauce of any kind is meant to enhance the overall flavor of the meat, not overpower it. This heavenly nectar does just that...and perfectly well. This is exactly what I mean when I say Top Notch "gets it".On to the rest. The chicken was good...a nice bite of lean between the bites of unctuous fattiness. The pulled pork was ok. I should mention that I'm just not a huge fan of pulled pork in general. To me, it's always dry and more or less flavorless. No different here. My wife loved it though.The sides, for the most part, were on point. The fries were fries. Nuff said. The mac and cheese was creamy, rich and scrumptious. No truffles or lobster or any other froo-froo you see these days...just good ol' fashioned orangy cheesy deliciousness. Baked beans were fantastic as well with huge hunks of smoked sausage and a welcome peppery flavor. The sweet potato casserole was pretty friggin badass, but a little too sweet for my tastes.Service was friendly and homey. The decor was welcoming and vaguely familiar to the BBQ shacks of yore. Las Vegas, I'd like you to meet barbecue...Barbeque, Las Vegas. I think you guys are gonna get along great.
4	The sweet potato casserole is worth the trip alone.  Hubby and I had the 2 meat combo plates.  We loved the chili-cheese fries, the baked beans and even the mac and cheese.  Though the mac was a bit over done and couldn't hold up and the cheese was a bit separated, it had great flavor.  The fries needed to be more crispy to hold up to the chili and cheese, but they were still good. Spare ribs had a fantastic flavor from the rub on them and just their natural porkiness.  Chicken was good as well but the thigh was a bit dry, leg was not.  The pulled pork had too much bbq sauce flavor for my liking. I find it best when rubbed heavily, pulled not chopped and definitely not touched with bbq sauce in any way.  I will add some if the sauce is outstanding, but really pulled pork should be able to stand in its own.  Our service was excellent, we were taken care of very well.  I am happy this place is good so when we are craving good Q I don't always have to make it myself.
5	What a great BBQ place. Great ribs and pulled pork! They had great taste all by themselves and were not drowned in any sauce. The best sweet potatoe cassarole and chili cheese fries. Its worth the trip from the West side of town.
4	Cot Damn this was some good BBQ!!! Took a little while longer than expected to get my sides...the ONLY thing that I can complain about! I am officially done with Famous Daves
5	Found this place by accident. Monster Lobster used to be here, But what a nice accident. Great rib tips, marvelous cole slaw, my sister had the BB chicken which was moist and equally tasty, Chef/owner Jimmy Cole came out and talked with us. This place started as a corner booth, then a food truck and now this location. soon there will be a second location.If you arfe a local or a visitor please frequent this restaurant, they need your support and have a GREAT product!!!!!!
1	Soggy Texas Toast.  Tough ribs.  Poured on BBQ sauce.  WAY overpriced.  I would pay these prices at Lucilles, but definitely not here.  Will not return.
2	Went here for a to go order. It took 35 minutes wait time. Beef brisket had way too much fat. Cole slaw, baked beans, and sweet potato casserole were very sweet for my taste. Pulled pork was a little sweet but good.  The green beans were good.  I ordered 2 dinners which totaled $41.  This is way out of line compared to other BBQ places in town.
5	Ended up just stumbling upon this place and thought we would give it a try.  We have already been back for more in just 48 hours!!!  Absolutely the best-hands down- we have found in town for sure!!!   The ribs are phenomenal, chicken superb!!!  Definitely well worth trying and I bet you will be hooked just like we are!!!  Don't miss the sweet potato side dish!!!
5	Really good homemade food!!!  Stick to your ribs food.  BBQ.  Mac n Cheese the best. I have had chicken, ribs, and brisket all great. Several sides to choose from, all are tasty. Wait staff friendly and efficient. Live music at times.
4	Was jonesing for some BBQ for dinner tonight.  I was about to go to Ellis Island Casino Brewery for some of their BBQ, which is another hidden gem right off the strip, but I decided to check for one around the neighborhood.  I'm glad I did.  Got a 2 meat dinner with 2 sides and garlic texas toast.  The meat from the ribs, just fall right off the bone.  I eat alot a chicken, so I decided to get the hot links instead of my usual poultry.  Awesome.  You don't even need BBQ sauce to eat this stuff, their dry rub must be off the hook.As for the first side, I got coleslaw which was refreshing and light. Not too sour and not too sweet. My second side was the sweet potato casserole, which could actually do double duty as a dessert.  Everything complimented each other goooood.  These guys must be Pinoy at heart, you got the spicy, hot, and sweet all mixed together.Negatives - no rice...haha, but I ususally don't eat much of it these days...
4	This place is really good. It's locally owned and can definitely see the vision for it. I hope it succeeds and continues to grow.The food is great when it's great, but sometimes it misses the mark, but that has more to do with my personal expectations than the actual flavors -- they need to provide their customers with more guidance. I've been here twice now, and tried to diversify what I ordered so that I can get a better sampling of the menu. The one thing I can say is this place is most enjoyed when ordering family style.Here are some highlights:- The Ribs were to die for. Seasoned and perfectly smoked, you can tell that this was a labor of love. The meat falls off the bone and comes in pretty big portions.- Sweet Potato Casserole is by far the best side on the menu. Although as a warning, it is listed a side but is really a great dessert, so if you get it make sure you get another side, maybe the fries, which make a nice accompaniment to the ribs.- Hot Links are better than Famous Dave's. The first time I ordered them I was hesitant and didn't enjoy them that much, but this time around I ate them with Texas Toast and I must say they are good.- Grape Kool-aid was bomb.comSome not-so-highlights:- Chili tastes like curry. So when I ordered them I was surprised to eat what tasted like curry-fries. Shockingly British. But I hear that's how they do it in Cincinnati.- The Pulled pork can be dry. - Macaroni and Cheese is ok. I'm personally not a fan because I don't like nacho cheese, but that's just me.My one true wish, aside from world peace:- I wish they had corn bread. I really do. Adding that to the menu would make me happy.Overall the place itself is nice, I think they need help with their branding. Their menu could use some revamping -- even after having already visited once, it was still difficult to navigate and order for a group. Our server Suzette was great and she really helped bring some order to the chaos. Definitely ask for her if you go :)
3	Where do I begin?Went on a Monday at 1230...husband ordered brisket...but they were out? Really....already...at 1230...did you just not cook one? Then he tried to order a half chicken...waitress told him it really wasn't a half chicken it was just legs and thighs to equal a half chicken...what???I ordered a 2 meat combo...pulled pork and hot link. Now I will give credit where credit is due....the meat and flavor was good....the sauce was good too..had a little kick to it. Sides.....we had the chili cheese fries (share-able) and they were good...I had baked beans...nothing special but not bad at all....and we both had the potato salad....I felt it tasted like it was store bought :( and hubby had mac n cheese said it was ok....not bad not good.I'd like to go back when they have brisket and I'd like to try the ribs next time....hopefully I can update with more stars!
5	Easily the best BBQ in town.  And I've tried all the places.  Everything served with sauce on the side.  That's one way you know the meat you're getting is high quality - they don't cover up poorly cooked/sourced meat with a ton of sauce.  The meat and rub can stand on it's own.The ribs are tender but not "falling off the bone" overcooked.  The hot links have a nice snap and fantastic flavor.I'd say the brisket is the star of the show.  You can get decent ribs and hot links at other places - but haven't seen a place in town that has good brisket.  And this brisket is GREAT.  My only quibble is they don't offer burnt ends - those are the salty, crispy, fatty ends of the brisket that are considered a black gold delicacy amongst bbq fans.  They throw them away.  It's absolutely loco.  Sides are pretty decent but I judge a bbq place on it's meat.  And the meat here is....wait for it......top notch.
4	I've been wanting to try Top Notch for a while, especially since it's a favorite of Shirley B.'s--that's all I needed to know, but it's also located in the same shopping plaza as my hairdresser - convenient!  So, after getting my hair did after work one night, I planned  a double date dinner with the b/f and two of my great friends here-all I had to do was walk next door.  For a Thursday night at 7:00pm, the place was deserted, which is surprising since the food and service is, yes, top notch.  I ordered the two-item combo: ribs and pulled pork with the mac n cheese and highly rated sweet potato casserole for my two sides.  The dinner also came with two pieces of Texas toast.  It was a heck of a lot of meat and what usually happens when I have BBQ happened again:  I ate up all the sides and had lots of BBQ left over.  The mac n cheese was great (I love the stuff too much) and the sweet potato casserole lives up to the hype.  The ribs are not the fall-off-the-bone type, which I prefer, but they were still tasty and the pulled pork was flavorful, as well.  Our server was friendly and attentive, but not hard to do when there really weren't too many customers in there.  That's a shame, though, because this place is legit.  Give it a try--Tita Shirley was right again!
5	Definitely the best BBQ I've had in a while!!Being from the south, I have been missing the taste of down-home cooking.  Top Notch is incredible!! I can't wait for my family to visit. I've had the rib tips, mac and cheese, baked beans, and pulled pork nachos. Everything was delicious, and the meat is soo tender!! The mac and cheese is amazingII The BBQ sauce is also amazing! I love this place!! I hope Top Notch continues to grow!!
5	No better ribs in town. Without a doubt! Add a side of their unique sweet potato casserole, and you have a plateful of sheer heaven. Have I mentioned the ribs?While everything they serve is (forgive me) top notch, it's the ribs that will keep you coming back. They do them old-school here, slow-cooked with a dry rub that renders the ribs so unbelievably tender & flavorful that you won't be able to stop until your plate is nothing but a pile of bones.Back to the sweet potato casserole. Served hot, it makes a great side-dish for the fall-off-the-bone ribs. But here's a hint: take one home and put it in the fridge. Overnight, it will magically turn into dessert! That's how crazy-good this stuff is.
2	Love Ribs!!! I checked this place out after the local mag gave top notch raving reviews and they were spot on amazing dry rub big meat falling off bone spare ribs. Caught the vegas rib-jones here, but after two big-time satisfying visits with my fam, the third and last time was so sad. Ribs were 3rd rate bad and mostly fat. I told our sweet waitress the score and she said the next time we come in (the next time???) they would comp us a half rack plate. She even admitted her mother had the same experience of third rate fatty ribs. So now sadly my search for great vegas ribs continues elsewhere. Note to Top Notch Rib Man- Do NOT compromise or you will lose more customers
5	I just took my family here for lunch today. The pulled pork and chicken was awesome and the mac and cheese was probably the best I've ever had. My wife and I split a 3 meat combo for 20$ and both left full so the prices are very reasonable especially for this quality. The service was great. The server knew the menu and was very attentive and friendly and even made a special substitution for my daughter. I'll definitely be back.
1	Went based on the rave reviews of the food today sunday 6/16 at 2pm. Walked in and sat ourselves as the sign stated. at no point for the 15 minutes we sat there were we ever greeted, acknowledged, nothing. A server who was just moving things around in the drink station walked by us three separate times once to bring water to the table next to us and we never received so much as eye contact. We noticed with two servers and about 10 tables with patrons there were at least two other tables that were never acknowledged while we were there. I don't mind waiting but don't ignore us well take our business elsewhere, won't return and will tell others of our experience.
4	Pretty good bbq place. The ribs were darn good. My friend didn't even add bbq sauce to hers. The green beans are pretty good, made with turkey thigh. Mac and cheese was delicious! How can you go wrong with Mac and Cheese though? Super good. I ordered the brisket dinner and it was quite yummy. I used a ton of bbq sauce, because I like a little brisket with my sauce.  I tried the spicy bbq sauce (you have to ask for it), but it was a little too spicy for me. Cole slaw was pretty good, but I didn't like Cincinnati Chili fries. I mean the fries were ok, but the chili was not for me. BlahOverall pretty good meal. Kind of expensive at about $18 per meal. But I think it's about the same at most bbq places.
5	Best BBQ I've ever had meat falls off bones side dishes are great sweet potatoes. Baked beans with sausage chili cheese frys Mac and cheese better than I've had in any restaurant customer service was great very friendly and attentive will be back
4	The name says it all. Possibly the finest BBQ in the valley.  Top Notch reminds me of some of the BBQ places i have been in KC and Texas. Not deluxe furnishings but drop dead awesome BBQ. The cooker is out back and they really BBQ the meat (as opposed to grilling.) Brisket takes over half a day. Owner/chef was nice enough to come out and talk with us. Great guy, great food. Had the rib tips and brisket. Meat was tender, juicy and lots of flavor. think i used a little sauce but not much because the meat didnt need to be smothered with some other flavor it was so good. If you want the tasty bread go to the "other place" but if you want incredible bbq meat, come to Top Notch. As a side note the texas toast is very good however not as good as the sweet biscuits cornbread you get at the "other places." But hey, the name is Top Notch Barbeque, not bread.
4	3 of us ate lunch here for around $40 bucks. My girlfriend said the other day she has been dreaming of the BBQ since then. It was really good, Very tender. The ribs were done at noon and we got there at 12:15 so they were perfect. The sweet potatoes were the best side hands down. Mac and Cheese was yummie too. Beans were good, but did not blow me away. We had a half rack of ribs and a brisket a-la- cart. it was too much food for the 3 of us to eat. We will go back.
5	This place is fantastic!!  Probably the best BBQ I've had in Vegas.  The green beans are even amazing.  Hands down better then Lucille's or Memphis BBQ.  The mother daughter team servers Val and Frankie were delightful and very friendly and patient with all my questions.  I prefer dry rubs over BBQ that is covered in sauce so for me it was perfect.  Huge portions and quality food.  They do have a BBQ sauce on the table and I imagine you could ask for the ribs to come out "wet".  I still can't over the sweet potato casserole and those darn green beans with smoked turkey in the broth.  Since it's located with a shared Do Holidays you can get adult drinks on a separate check with out the smoke.  Beef ribs, not pork so I was concerned they might not be as tender, but I was very pleasantly surprised.
1	Bought a coupon from groupon and went to eat there only to find out they had no ribs or chicken only brisket. Terrible !!!!Do not go there!!! :(
1	My first review of a restaurant I have never eaten at. After reading mostly good reviews, I had my heart set on nice smoky ribs. So we get there. The waitress says 'how many"...three was the response. "How would you like to sit here?". "Yes!" I said. We sit down, we get our menus. "What would you like to drink?" "We will stat with water". "Oh, by the way, we don't have any ribs or chicken"....cue sound of needle scratching across the record. You are a barbeque place...and you have essentially no barbeque. I am stunned. Bad enough you are kinda missing the only reason to go, you don't say this as soon as we walk in. You wait until you seat us, give us menus, take drink orders....oh yeah...no food. So, good luck small businessman, we will be over at Lucilles, where they have food.Update 7/9/2013So, tried again .Last time they said "call ahead to see if we have any ribs or chicken"---quite an unusual tactic, but, I did. And the result....called three times tonight and never got an answer. Each time the phone went to an answering machine. Yikes. So, off we go to see if this restaurant actually has food. Get there, stand at eh podium, and stand, and stand, and stand. Have I finally got a super-power and turned invisible? Maybe....but no, after a long time standing, I am seen. maybe my power wore off. OK, contact made, and lo and behold, ribs and chicken confirmed. So, we sit down and discover the super-power has returned, because we are surely invisible once again. Finally we order, and the amount of time it took for the food to arrive was absurd. If it wasn't so comical, I would have been angry. Thank goodness for games on my phone. But, there it is, food finally shows up. Me, I had ribs, bbq beans and the sweet potato casserole. And it was good, damn good. No complaints about the food at all. Delicious! One comment...there is a big smoker out front that I have never seen operating, and I am not sure these ribs were actually smoked. Usually you see the tell-tale smoke ring. Not on these. Still a great meal though. One more big hurdle...to pay, and yes, the waiting started all over. All in all, good food, abysmal service. To watch the people work, it looked like a disorganized mess---and they have been open several months. Just terrible. One hour 45 minutes beginning to end. HIRE SOMEONE TO MANAGE YOUR SERVICE, and you will have a good thing going. PS, they told me I had the last of the sweet potato side and as we left they were telling people arriving they were out of ribs...sigh.
1	Not worth it.
5	Heard This was the new hot spot for "Q" and it didn't disappoint us in the slightest! Our waitress Liz was a complete Sweatheart! Very warm and friendly the whole time(Even when I changed our order after she put it in with  the cook) and made us both feel like we were eatin dinner at mom's house(But I wish mom coulda made Bbq even close to this caliber) :-) So we got the 4 meat combo platter with Brisket, chicken, pullef pork, and of course their famous RIBS! All the meat was so tender, juicy, flavorful, you name it! it had everything! And the sauce on the tables has the perfect spice, amazing with the Brisket! and the Cheesiest Mac & cheese of all time! My girl is a freak for beans of any kind, so for her to say this place has The BEST baked beans she's EVER had is like The Highest Honor Ever ;-) can't wait to come back! BEST BBQ IN LAS VEGAS HANDS DOWN. Even the owner came out to see how.everything was going! Just a great down home family joint!!!
4	Eat some delicious bbq at this casual, comfortable and well-priced restaurant. Their menu is simple, but what they serve is really great.The mouth watering dry rub on the tender ribs was so good, that it was difficult to put sauce on them. They offer the regular bbq fare.... and when they are out... they are out as a member of our party wanted chicken but there was none to be had! Couple of highlights... the sweet potato casserole was outstanding, whipped, baked and topped with nuts, as well as the mac and cheese and well flavored beans. Wait staff was friendly and checked back frequently to make sure we were happy!
2	After all of the high reviews, I figured it would be a good place to try out. As I was entering the restaurant, I stopped someone who was leaving with leftovers, that's a good sign. I asked how his experience was. He was less then enthusiastic about the food and service. That was not a good sign.The sign says, "seat yourself." I looked for a good spot to sit and found a table near where other were seated. I found that it had food particles on it and a few napkins. One of the two only active waitresses came by and asked me to go sit on some waiting chairs. I waited while a waitress went to clean the table.Once it was clean, she waved me over and I sat down. The seats are nice, no arms, and the temperature was quite cool on a hot Summer 100 degree plus day. Though I did smell cigarette smoke from the bar next door.The waitress came by and asked to take my drink order. It was delivered in a fairly large cup, water usually comes by thimble size in restaurants these days, so that was nice.Then it was time to order an entree. I opted for the Two Meat Combo for $18.99 which comes with two sides. I asked the waitress what were her most ordered sides. She said the sweet potato crumble and mac & cheese. So I ordered those along with a 1/4 chicken and ribs.My previous experience with BBQ in Las Vegas stems from many visits to Ellis Island's BBQ and Famous Dave's. Both places serve large meals for good prices. So I was expecting more than what I received and after a pretty good wait.For $18.99 I received two ribs and a quarter chicken plus the sides I mentioned above. The temperature of sides were adequate. The sweet potato crumble was initially delicious, after some time, it became too much for me to finish. The other person I went with ordered a potato salad, which was much better. The mac & cheese was tasty. The chicken and ribs should have been super hot. They were slightly warm to the touch, not what I was looking for. The person I went with also ordered the 1/4 chicken. It too was slightly warm, but not hot.The person I went with got their 1/4 chicken and two sides for $10.99. How can they justify two ribs for an extra $8?Our waitress was nice, the water tasted clean and the sides were good. The temperature needs to be turned up a lot on the meat served and I unfortunately ended up smelling like a cigarette.
5	My wife and I tried This place last night . We ordered the three piece meat platter Ribs,Pulled Pork,Hot links with two sides Mac n cheese , seasoned fries $20 . The waitress brought us two plates which was nice . We were super excited to try it ! Well after trying the ribs I was SOLD ! Yummy finally some good ribs in Vegas ! The pulled pork was great as well as the Hot links all had a great smokey flavor mmm mmm good . BBQ sauces are in squirt bottles regular is the one I loved and spicey which is hot try a dab first. The mac n cheese was super cheesy Loved it! and the fries were good also. We will definitely be going back to this joint . We walked out with full bellies and smiles on our faces for $25 ! Thank you Top Notch Barbeque !
1	The food here is terrible. Ribs have more fat than pork in every bite. The French fries were soggy, Luke warm, and tiny pieces that would find in the bottom of a frozen bag. The potato salad was not edible as the 2 potatoes in this side were not cooked in a heavy mayo-horseradish mush. Mac and cheese was way over cooked with sooty noodles with very little cheese. The sides here are tiny. $18.99 for the 6 fatty ribs with sides is way too much.
2	We had dinner here last night and left thinking our experience was several notches below the top.  Thoughts on food, beverage, service, etc.: -  Signage is a bit tough as it blends in with Doc Hollidays signage-  Seat yourself and server only service model not effective-  Windows need to be cleaned -  Ceiling fan on high and can't be shut off upon request-  Tables leave and sit full of dirty dishes for long period of time-  Out of brisket on a Saturday night-  The meat platter and sides were good albeit all food served lukewarm -  It is odd that Texas toast was only toasted on one side-  I found the decor kind of odd and inexpensive-  Upon going to the counter to pay check server asked if I had info for my coupon . I never had a coupon?  Then I found out about some great deal I couldn't take advantage of.-  Lastly, asked for toothpicks and server said they were out of toothpicks...I said really how do you run out of toothpicks..  She then went over to Docs and came back with a few.  So, we either came on the worst Saturday night they have had since they opened or they have alot of work to do...me thinks it is the latter.  I would suggest changing service model so that it is more welcoming, tables are cleaned and food is delivered hot. There probably is enough space to bring in some live music and change decor to reflect that.  Or, go back to delivering the BBQ from a food truck.
5	This place is amazing! Way better than Rollin Smoke!! Portions are huge, excellent value!
5	Best BBQ in town! Liz, our server, was so nice! My friend and I shared the 3 meat combo (ribs, chicken and pulled pork), comes with 2 sides (we got Mac and cheese and sweet potato casserole and then decided to also add the green beans). Plenty of food for two, so full. The green beans were real southern style with pieces of turkey. Delicious. Loved the sweet potato casserole and Mac and cheese too. As for the meat...it just fell of the bone and you didn't even need the sauce with the pulled pork.
5	I have been wanting to try this place for a long time. I don't live on this side of town so it's taken a while. Well, I FINALLY made it and boy is worth a drive!! So good. So very good. My friend Melissa and i shared the three meat combo. We got the ribs, chicken and pulled pork. It comes with two sides and garlic Texas toast. We chose Mac n cheese and sweet potato casserole. But we also added the green beans because our lovely  server Liz said they were amazing when I asked about them. All three meats were delicious! Fall off the bone tender. I found myself wondering if ribs were allowed to fall apart like that! The BBQ sauce was good, but man, the meat was so tasty it didn't even need it! All the sides were fantastic! I could eat the sweet potato casserole for dessert but why not for dinner! Green beans were everything I wanted them to be! I'm kind of from Kentucky so I know what good southern green beans should taste like! Like grandma makes them of course! And boy they did not disappoint! All in all. Amazing. Must try! No matter how far away it may be. Now I just need to get my family to make the trip!
4	Excellent pulled pork sandwich! Doing BBQ right!
4	This was the first time we tried top notch bbq. We ordered it to go. We had the brisket, ribs., sweet potato casserole, Mac n cheese and coleslaw. The ribs were very fantastic!! Brisket was a tad on the dry side. The Mac n cheese was awesome! As was the sweet potato casserole and cole slaw. Service was good and the staff very friendly, the only criticism would be that they don't have it together as far as the menu goes. The menu on their website is very limited. Did not mention the brisket or Mac n cheese and had no prices. While we were waiting for our take out order we saw the waitress deliver a plate of pulled pork nachos that looked fantastic and were huge! We are gonna try those next time. We took a menu with us but they were not on the menu either!!
3	I got the $15 for $30 Groupon ... Overall the Meal was okay, and the Service was great. First, If you have never been to this joint the signage is BAD and it is easy to drive right past the restaurant because it shares space with the Doc Holliday's Saloon.  When you're coming into the restaurant you can smell cigarette smoke from the bar. Next, if you're a real BBQ Fan or your from one of the BBQ meccas you're going to want to lower you expectations or you're just setting yourself up for disappointment. This is a BBQ Joint that has some very good dished on the menu, unfortunately, those good dishes don't start with the BBQ. If you continue to read the entire review I will highlight my meals SUPER STARS and some dishes that failed to meet my standards. However, I think with a few tweaks the restaurant can be headed in a good direction and will be around for a long time. THE ORDER:Appetizers...Hot Wings and Onion RingsMain Entree: Four Meat Combo with Two Sides...Meats --- Hot Link, Pulled Pork, Pork Ribs, and Beef BrisketSides --- Green Beans, Sweet Potato CasseroleService --- Really Really GOOD, If there was one more server or someone who worked the POS machine so that we, customers, could enjoy Liz's undivided attention it would have been Excellent. Liz is AWESOME, she's welcoming, very knowledgeable, and super friendly! She is the reason I gave the restaurant 3 stars instead of just 2. However, her attention was stretched to thin. At one point she had 7 tables and 2 carryout orders. If only P&G would hurry up and figure out the cloning technology, because another Liz would fix all of the service issue. OK, I'm all done with talking about my Liz Crush!Appetizers...Hot Wings---The wings where good. I would not be surprised to find a jar of opened Frank Buffalo Wing Sauce open in the kitchen. So I know you're thinking to yourself, "This person went to a BBQ Joint and ordered Hot Wings? Is she one of those people who would orders steak at a seafood place or bangers and mash at the Taco Tia!" NO! I'm not. However, there was not a lot of BBQ themed appetizers; and I LIKE Hot Wings. Don't judge me. The Onion Rings---OMG! They were EXCELLENT. If I should get married again, I want my future husband to propose to me with these onion rings. I can picture it now... Him on his knee longingly looking into my eyes as he pull out a basket of these onion ring from his inside coat pocket. At that moment I'd let a single tear falls as I whisper, "Yes!" TMI? Maybe a little; but you have your fantasies, let me have mine.Main Entree ... Let's start with the sides and save the meaty bits until the end.Side Dishes...Green Beans---They were very good, cooked perfectly but a little to spicy for my taste. What I really loved about these Green Beans was the turkey bits... I Know, RIGHT! It's mind blowing. They opened up a BBQ Joint and do they put smoke pork in the Green Beans?? NO! They kick tradition in the balls and go with turkey. If liking these green beans are wrong I don't want to be right. Sweet Potato Casserole as I like to call it Sun-Shine in a cup. These were YUMMY! I LOVE Cinnamon in everything Coffee, Tea, Fruit Loops, etc. These for me had the prefect balance of sugar and spice and everything nice! OK seriously, If something is wrong in your life, I sure that eating this casserole will make it all better. Four Meat Combo...Hot Links---One Word DELICIOUS. I can see these BBQ-ed Hot Links becoming a bad habit in my life. So when I hit bottom and you see me in one of the 12 step programs you'll know this is when it started. It's just going to be awkward having to 9th step Liz ... I'm sorry, did we cross over into TMI again?The Brisket---OVERCOOKED ... It's like eating Sawdust that melts in your mouth [Yea, Let your brain chew on that statement for a minute] The fatty bits where moist and delicious because it is beef fat, it can't help but be delicious. However, the lean meat was tender, but no taste or flavor and very dry.The Pork Ribs---OVERCOOKED ... I took one bite and all the meat came off the bone. I know you're think, "They says that's the sign of good BBQ ribs?" "They" lied to you! If you bit into a rib and all the meat comes off the rib is over cooked. So, any of that yummy porky goodness went up in smoke either in the smoker or in the warmer.The Pulled Pork---I don't know what happen with the Pulled Pork it was just all wrong! It's going to take years of therapy to work through the issues I have with this pulled pork. However on a happy notes it was a good vehicle for the BBQ Sauce. You should know I'm not a big fan of sauce on my meats but I needed some lubrication to help chock down the pulled pork. The restaurant offered 2 different sauce 1 spice and 1 sweet. The sauces themselves are not really notable but they helped give some taste to the pulled pork.
4	This place is great!  Hands down the best in the area for quality and a great price point.  We tried a few of the mixed meat plates, great brisket and great bar-b-que sauce.  The sides were amazing - mac and cheese and cole slaw were my choices - basic but done well. It's often that basic sides like this are a mess - not here.  I do have to agree with those that mention the signage issue - bigger signs will make it easier to find.  We had to leave in a hurry and the staff was super friendly overall - we can't wait to return and enjoy again.
3	Food was 4 stars, BUT everything else was a 3. 3.5 stars option? Indeed. We went with a large group of 7, and there was only one booth we could all fit in, so we helped ourselves to it. I had Top Notch when it was a food truck and loved it, so I was stoked to eat it again. Right off the bat I noticed the table was sticky. Gross, but whatever. The sweet tea and koolaid will do that to a place. The service reminded me of what you'd receive in bar, not a family style bbq joint. It was not bad service at all. But did our waitress care? Probably not. On to the good stuff, THE GRUB! My niece who is 8, and probably couldn't finish one menu item alone, gave me an excuse to get the 4 meat combo plate. Of course to share with her. We ordered double ribs, brisket, and hot links with sides of mac & cheese, green beans, and cole slaw. Skip the cole slaw, everything else was BOMB.COM!! The brisket was tender, and amazing with the spicy sauce. The mac & cheese tasted home made. I tried my boyfriend's chili cheese fries and they were also to die for.  The green beans had small chunks of meat that gave them a great saltiness. I really liked it all and felt very satisfied by the end. I would return here in a heart beat and even consider bumping them up a star if they changed a few small things.
4	BBQ is my absolute favorite and I am more critical of BBQ joints than any other restaurant. I wasn't really excited to go to Top Notch because I figured it would be another over rated, mediocre place that I would never go to again.Wrong!!! If I didn't have leftovers from yesterday, I would be ready to go back again today. So why only four stars and not five?The owner/manager really has to listen to others and get better service going in that place. We waited for 10 minutes before someone took our drink order. I usually NEVER wait that long. I'm glad I did, but dang...also...the manager needs to work with the kitchen staff about running out of food. It is a big turn off to order something only to find out that they are out of it. In this case, we ordered the sweet potato casserole which my partner had been raving about and craving. It was 7:00 on a Friday night and they were out...dang. Those are my only two complaints, but they are major ones for me. On to the positive...the food...I will give them an A+ for the ribs. They were succulent, well seasoned, and smoked to perfection. The BBQ sauce was really good. Surprisingly, the spicy version really was hot. I had to switch to the regular which was also good. My partner had the pulled pork, which I thought was good and he thought was great. The baked beans were delicious. I was pleasantly surprised that the slaw was good. It is listed as creamy. It wasn't very creamy, but the taste was different and enjoyable. The consistency of the mac and cheese was just the way I like it...not too creamy, yet not too dry. It was perfect. The Texas toast wasn't anything to write home about, but when is it ever? Overall, my meal was perfect and I'm having leftovers today. I think the reviews complaining about the prices are bogus. 80% of BBQ restaurants all over the country are higher per person than a typical all American restaurant...especially when you order ribs. Also, I think Americans need to stop complaining when they don't have enough food left to take home. It should always be that way. That's why we are so obese as a nation now. Three ribs and a 1/4 chicken with sides should be enough for anyone. Anyway...off of my soapbox for now because I have leftover, delicious Top Notch to warm up.
5	I heard top notch bbq was the place in vegas for ribs and I wasn't disappointed. They just melt.  I wish I could bbq like this. My wife had the brisket and it was just as savory.  Anytime I'm in Vegas I'll be stopping by here.
5	Tried it a second time. We had the pulled pork nachos, chicken, brisket, Mac n cheese and green beans. Everything was excellent, the owner even came by and talked with us. Great service too!
4	This is a great place I went based on some of my fellow yelpers!  I was so happy that we picked this for a lunch treat! We walked in and saw the Pulled Pork Nachos on another customers table.  Boy they looked sooo good!!!  I had to order them since I love nachos.  Score! They were absolutely delightful!  It was almost like a masterpiece was delivered to our table.  The toppings made a beautiful portrait of what nachos should look like.  There was so much pork on it that you didn't have to search for pieces to put on each nacho.  We could have easily split them between the two of us for an entree.  Definitely will order them again.After seeing how much food we had devoured, we decided to split the Pork Sandwich with the chili cheese fries.  OH YUM!  The chili had a great flavor which was smothered on top of the pork in the sandwich.  What a fabulous idea! The fries were crisp even with all of the cheese and chili on top.  The service was great! She was actually the only one waiting on all of the tables.  There wasn't a moment of down time for her.  With all of that she still kept our drinks filled.  Fantastic! This place will definitely be going into our rotation of restaurants!  Our faces and stomachs left with a smile!
1	Top notch I THINK NOT. I had the pulled pork and all it tasted like was some watered down Kraft BBQ sauce. The meat had no flavor. The sides I ordered were green beans and chili cheese fries. The green beans were just canned green beans in a watered down sauce of some smoked meat and bacon grease, not very tasty and as hot as they were probably just heated up in a microwave. The Chili cheese fries were just a blob of cheese wiz with some taste less chili thrown in and all this made the fries soggy.They have load music playing and football on the TV. he place is not very inviting. It is hard to believe they have been open for 1 year as the quality is bad and prices high. I will not be back again.I ate there a few months back and just had a burger and it was just ok, kind of high priced at $10.
4	The food is great but they need more wait help.  Our poor waitress ran herself ragged.  Had brisket, chicken and ribs with mac n cheese, cole slaw, potato salad and green beans.  Everything was delicious.  Even the water was filtered which is rare nowadays!
5	Best BBQ I ever had! Don't miss out on the sweet potato casserole. Great service too!
5	We just completed our last dinner in Las Vegas tonight and it just happened to be the best of the week -- at Top Notch Barbeque.  Now, we spent 8 long years in Houston where BBQ is considered a religion (along with college and high school football).  Without  a doubt Top Notch Barbeque hit it out of the park with us tonight.  We ordered the 4 meat combo which comes with 2 sides.  We ordered the ribs which were excellent, the chicken which also was excellent, the hot links which were excellent, and the brisket which also was excellent.  Notice a trend -- EXCELLENT !!!  As was mentioned by an earlier YELPer, we also could not understand why the brisket was not on the menu.  I mean, really, when you are order BBQ don't most consumers expect for their to be a beef alternative (either brisket or tri-tip)?  I am pretty sure we would all agree -- YES.  For sides we ordered both mac and cheese and sweet potato casserole -- again EXCELLENT!!!  Now, there was one downer in Top Notch -- we really wanted to try the sweet potato pie but they had run out.  But then, thankfully, we came up with an answer which the restaurant was able to accomodate.  We simply ordered another sweet potato casserole for dessert.  That casserole was absolutely that good !!!Additionally the service provided by Liz was outstanding PLUS she was friendly and personable.  She gave outstanding advice.  She said to order the ribs, the mac and cheese, and the sweet potato casserole.  She said that they, "were to die for...".    The cook Melissa visited our table to make sure that everything was to our satisfaction.  Another nice touch...Again, Top Notch Barbeque was our best meal in our week in Vegas.  We will be back...
5	The Best BBQ my wife and I have had since moving to Vegas 9 years ago. Tried ribs and puled pork ---superior---sides, mac & cheese, cold slaw ,beans, and sweet potato casserole........This food is all way over the top...SERVICE EXCELLENT.....
2	The service was wonderful.  We came into this place because of a GROUPON.  The men's bathroom was disgusting.  I stuck to the floor walking around this restaurant, and it just seemed like a really good cleaning crew should come in and help this restaurant out.  The food was OK.  My BBQ was not really warm/hot and I was still hungry after sharing a large sampler plate with Paul.  I don't think I will be coming back to this place.  But I did try!
5	It was even better the second time! Thats a true test of a great restaurant- consistency!Liz is a great server. She went the extra mile to make sure we had everything we needed.
4	This is quite the quaint place with cowboy theme on the walls and don't drive by as we almost did as sign says doc hollywoods and have to really look for top notch BBQ sign. Ashley was our waitress and she was great, good recommendations and attentive. Always kept glasses full and was patient with us as we kept babbling before and after we ordered... Lol.....Got the ribs and they were good and tender though I like them to fall off the bone a bit easier. It came with two pieces toast (which I didn't eat since too full), and two sides. The sweet potato casserole was my fave with pecans, and cinnamon! Side of deliciousness! The baked Mac and cheese was also good, quality! They got the brisket and since we tasted each others, I like hers better! It was juicy and falls apart easily like it should... Not quite mama's but closest I have found in town. No five stars cause ribs weren't perfect and she wanted to take home pulled pork and they were out of it. But the funniest part of evening was when she tasted the "hot" BBQ sauce, she tasted it the rest of the night and all she could say was "don't eat that"! Facial expressions were classic... LolMy 100th review for 2013!!!
1	This place was horrendous in every way possible.  I like to keep an open mind going to new places, frequently buying Groupon's to places I haven't gone to yet to try them out and explore eateries wherever I may be.  This was so bad I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy.Let me start to say that the place was not too busy (arrived at 6:15pm) - there was nobody waiting in line as there were a number of empty tables.  It appeared there were very few employees there - during our visit it appeared there was only 1 person to take orders and ring up tickets, 1 person to get drinks and clean tables, and 1 person in the kitchen, there may have been more in the kitchen, but only saw one person from the kitchen carrying out food as since the other half was so understaffed she was running out orders here and there because nobody was picking them up - this spells disaster already.My guest and I ordered a brisket meal and a pulled pork meal.  IT TOOK NEARLY 45 MINUTES TO GET OUR ORDER, ONLY AFTER ASKING WHAT WAS TAKING SO LONG!  The only good aspect is that for the price of the meal the pulled pork meal had plenty of meat for the price, the brisket meal on the other hand was the severe opposite, very little meat for the higher price paid.  Except for the baked beans on one meals side, the rest of the food was not hot.  The brisket was slightly warm, but the pulled pork and the "famous" sweet potato casserole side dish both meals got were all COLD.  We didn't want to send anything back as it already took 45 minutes to get our food to begin with.Everybody's food was taking forever.  We overheard other patrons complaining.  Also, the service staff is severely cold and rude.  They never ever came over to see if the food was ok - just finally went to get it when we asked what was taking so long, dropped it off, then we had to wave her down again just to get our check.  Refill of drink, ask if everything was ok with the order?  HAHA not going to happen at this place.  The server even had the gall to tell a patron seated behind me to "come back again, without a Groupon next time" - how rude, they were visibly upset.The regular sauce is OK, nothing to write home to mom about... and if you like spicy food, the hot sauce is pretty hot, even my Asian friend who loves hot food commented it was a little too hot for a BBQ place.I will not return, and if it keeps up the tone it had tonight, I would expect this dive to close soon.
1	Went here on a Tuesday around 530p thinking we'd miss the dinner rush. We still waited 45 minutes for our food then an extra 15 minutes for our check. There were people that got there after us that ate, paid and left before we even got our food. The hot links and mac n cheese were so really good but we won't be returning or recommending this place.
3	Had dinner here after playing a round of golf. So you can imagine how hungry and thirsty we were. After we ordered our food, which was kind of expensive but were so hungry, we didn't mind. We discovered that they did not serve alcohol. They ask us to go next door to buy beer. We ordered our food and and we did not get our food for about 45 minutes. Like I said, we were so hungry that we were getting ready to leave. The food finally arrived after 45 minutes. We were happy but yet disappointed we had to wait so long.  The food was delicious and the waitress kept saying to us that it was worth the wait. Everything about this place was good with the exception of the service. I don't think you have to wait 40 minutes to bring your food, especially when the food was pre cooked earlier that day because you don't cook pork or chicken in 45 minutes. I gave this place a 3 starbecause of the bad service. I'm concerned that this place will shut down if the service does not improve.
5	came in  for  lunch  today  for the first time  with my family after  my  boy friend had  raved  about this place.  the  food  definetly  lived up to the name!  service  was  good  and my  family  left  happy  and full.... we  will  be regular  customers  from now  on!
5	The pulled pork sandwich is BBQ perfection. The chili cheese fries are so good it's ridiculous and I want to bathe in the Mac & cheese. I love that this place is casual and that the service has been great on each visit. The sweet tea is awesome and compliments the food so very well. A++++
5	**This review is on the food only, since I had them once at an event they catered, and again after ordering take-out**Ribs - Best I can remember having, and I'm from St. Louis.  Not sure what they do to get them this way, especially without smoking them, but damn.Brisket - Very good.  Perfect balance of smoke and flavor.  Not as good cold, so eat it before it cools off.Green beans - Above average.  Canned variety I'm used to getting at BBQ joints, but had good meat and spice added to where you wanted to keep eating them.BBQ beans - Very good again.  Not overly smoky and sticky like a lot of places.  Just the right amount of sausage added.Texas Toast - Incomplete - Steam made it soggy by the time I got home.After reading some of the reviews below, I have two additional thoughts...1)  I do hope this place gets it together on the guest experience side as well.  Competition is too great out here to overcome bad service and not being able to know what's 86ed and what's not at any given time.  Inexcusable.  This will sink you eventually.2) As a waiter, I hate Groupon too (Too many people who use them are part of that discount community that just wants a deal instead of an experience.  These people are also often idiots and/or cheapskates who, probably on purpose because they see the opportunity,  tip 10-20% on the remainder leftover after the Groupon discount had been applied.  Sorry, but these people screw it up for the rest of you.), but I'd never be a dick about it to a guest.  Yelpers do make stuff up sometimes, especially the angry ones, but fire that waiter immediately, if this was what actually happened.
4	The BBQ here is always moist with great deep smoked flavor and the dry rub just makes everything better. The ribs are fall off the bone goodness, mmmm. The brisket here is one of best I've tasted in Vegas, in that, they're usually dry in every other BBQ restaurant I've been to, but Top notch's is very moist and delicate, and melts in your mouth. The BBQ sauces are great as well. Don't pay any attention to the actual building itself, it's smells like old furniture and smoke residuals, but the food makes the trip worth while. So good!Oh an the sides are tasty, too! The baked beans are one of my favorites :) and their sweet potato casserole is like having dessert as a side with your entree ...satisfies my sweet tooth
1	Generic food. Very disappointed-it's LOWest Notch. First time here-I hate even writing a terrible review but this place is definitely OVER RATED. *Walked in and there was two customers the place was EMPTY at 4:30pm on a Friday.---Brisket was sliced soo thin like deli meat, it was DRY shoestring-like consistency & weird over smoked taste. Worst I ever had and even spit it out at the end cause of the overwhelming smoke flavor. No joke.---Mac n Cheese was SOGGY & too much cheese globbed on top & I love cheese! But over kill. Took two little bites that's it.---Potato Salad is like the GENERIC potato salad you buy pre-made in the grocery stores.-Paid $25 for crappy food, will never come here again.
4	Michele had a Groupon deal for Top Notch BBQ and we came here after watching a movie down the street.  We walk in and were immediately greeted and taken to a booth. Our waitress realized that our table wasn't wiped down, so she cleaned it really quick.  Now I admit, I am a fan of Rollin Smoke BBQ just west of the strip, and Top Notch was going to have to be on their game to keep up.  So, I used Rollin Smoke as Top Notch's comparison and ended up ordering close to the same thing.  But more of that later.  Anyhow, we looked through the menu as our waitress went to get our drinks that we ordered.  As we were waiting, we set our table with the forks & knives that were in a jar on the table. An interesting touch.  Our drinks come out and our main dish order was written down.There were 3 of us and this is what we ordered:M: Brisket with a double order of sweet potatoesG: Mac 'n CheeseMe: Ribs with a double order of fries.The food came out piping hot and the portions were huge. The ribs were stellar and the fries seemed endless. I had a taste of the brisket but wasn't blown away. But, to be fair, brisket isn't my favorite. The sweet potaoes were the way I should have went. It was delicious.  The meal was so huge that I ended up taking half of my order home, where a couple of hours later I devoured the leftovers.So, I say that Top Notch vs Rollin Smoke is a close battle.  But, I would give the edge to Top Notch.
5	Awesome authentic smelling and tasting great " down south" like hospitality!! tasty!!!!
4	Went during lunch. Food took forever to come out. But when it got there, I was happy. Ribs were quite good, but not the star. The chili cheese fries were crazy good!! And for a side on a lunch special, I was blown away at how big the portion was.
4	Deeelicuous!  Ribs & sausage.  Dry rub, meat falling off the bone.  Plenty of sausage - tasty, with just a touch of sauce.  Food came out fast & hot.  Hit the spot.  Throw in an attentive waitress, what else can you say?   Could have used a few more selections, like corn on the cob, and I prefer my cole slaw with vinegar, but yum
5	Moved to Henderson from Kansas City about 4 months ago and I was starting to get worried that good BBQ didn't exist out here.  IT DOES!  This place has amazing ribs, and the pulled pork was excellent too!  I wish they had burnt ends but hey I'm not in KC anymore ;)  Great sauce, not too sweet.  Great portions too!  MUST TRY:  The ribs and the sweet potato casserole.  Please keep this family-owned place in business.  There is a Groupon available now that is good until January, if you wanna try for yourself at a lower cost.  Our lovely server, Liz, encouraged it!  Also: Kid-friendly with a nice big, open (read: not stuffy) atmosphere.
5	I have been here 3 times.  I love the food and service. The best BBQ in LV
5	This restaurant adjoins Doc Hollidays, but thankfully has its own entrance.  We each ordered the rib platter, a large portion of St. Louis ribs with 2 sides.  These are dry rubbed and slow smoked until they are tender.  We did not feel the ribs required any barbeque sauce.  For sides we chose (2) sweet potato casseroles that were on the dry side, mac and cheese for my wife that she thought was excellent and Cincinnati chili fries for silly me.  The fries were sloppy and disgustingly good, but I don't think my cardiologist would allow me to ever order them again.  Since I was taking pictures and carrying on about the ribs, our waitress introduced us to owner, Jimmy Cole, a Cincinnati transplant.
5	Long wait, but SOOOOOO worth it!! They were sadly out of pulled pork, but the brisket and chicken were to die for! I also got the sweet potato casserole and coleslaw and they were both bomb! We also had chili cheese fries that were some of the best I've ever had. Next time I'm for sure gonna get the Mac & cheese cause I tried some of and it was AMAZING. Definitely gonna come here again!!!Way better than Lucille's and Famous Daves :)
4	I'll just jump straight to the food.Rib lunch special http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/top-notch-barbeque-las-vegas-2?select=UjvGENIgFgBueatCI_Yj5w#UjvGENIgFgBueatCI_Yj5wThe picture says it all, a large pile of seasoned fries with probably 3 of the better ribs I've had in town. There was a delicious, slightly crisp layer from the dry rub melting with some fat on the rib. There was another delicious layer from the slight pink smoke ring under that. I dont like to much smoke in BBQ. The meat was fall of the bone but firm enough to my liking. I added a little of their spicy sauce just to try the sauce but it really didn't need it it was made right. I wish I had more of the rib but occasionally they run out.Nachos http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/top-notch-barbeque-las-vegas-2?select=UjvGENIgFgBueatCI_Yj5w#RAXIeZU1KTHVAqPPv3R84wA huge pile of what seemed and tasted like the packaged nacho chips, some good pulled pork and your typical nacho ingredients olives, jalapeno peppers, sour cream, cheese, etc. Not a big fan probably because of the chips but it was a huge nacho and it was decent. Cincinnati Chili Cheese Fries http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/top-notch-barbeque-las-vegas-2?select=GBHyE6-bCmB5QgYc6lf_xQ#GBHyE6-bCmB5QgYc6lf_xQA very delicious chili filled with lots of meat with oozing cheese covering a pile of fries. It was a side dish but large enough to be a meal by itself. This and the ribs were my favorite items here.Hot Link Sandwich http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/top-notch-barbeque-las-vegas-2?select=GBHyE6-bCmB5QgYc6lf_xQ#gvXrXCOe4P73HGcFFq_OWQ They were out of the usual bun so they split the links and put them between a couple of Texas Toast, which I actually  preferred over the bun. It wasn't that bad, a little dry but I enjoyed it more than the nachos.Brisket. A lot like the ribs delicious outer layer from the rub and fat, another good smoke ring but kind of dry with not a lot of flavor towards the center. I've had a lot better briskets but it was good enough.Service for some reason has always been slow. It's BBQ shouldn't it already be finish and ready to go before we get there? Cut my pieces off and give me my BBQ already. Busy or not it seems like it always takes the same amount of time to get in and out. Their lunch specials are a lot cheaper than dinner, dinner prices aren't cheap. The ribs and Cincinnati Chili Cheese Fries were 5's. Everything else was maybe a 3-4. Overall a 3.75 rating. For what it's worth I like Top Notch BBQ ribs a lot more than Rollin Smoke ribs.
5	The best BBQ in Vegas. I have lived here for 30 years and tried every BBQ joint in town. This is the best. I usually get the rib tip dinner. The biggest rib tips anywhere. You get two sides with your meal and there is almost no way to choose. They are all great tasting. Beans, sweet potato casserole, mac and cheese, cole slaw, spicy fries are all unique. Not noisy like Lucille's or Famous Daves. It's on the NE corner of Serene and Eastern adjoining Doc Hollidays. Can't wait to go back again but have to get through all the leftovers from our last visit.
5	This place is soooo great.The ribs were very good,best baked beans ever had...They put large pieces of hot links in it...Green beans have turkey in it....Very nice people....Will be back.....
1	Went on a Friday night a little after 7pm and there were 3 tables occupied. Went with 3 other couples. We quickly got our first round of drinks and ordered our food. Then it all went downhill. We waited over an HOUR for our good. When we finally received our food, it would come out 1 or 2 meals at a time, with at least a 10 minute lapse in between the next meal delivery. Drink refills were also ridiculously slow. The food was good, but I think that's because we were starving by the time we received it. We were dining with friends, not eating in shifts. No apologies, nothing from the 3 waitresses on duty. Mind you, there were only 4 tables occupied at any given time on FRI night! Ridiculous. Icing on the cake was the bill had not been separated like asked and gratuity was built in. Will NEVER return.
5	Went today to this wonderful place to find sign on door that it is closed for business. Have to wonder about these places that open in Doc Holidays why they close after getting good reviews?
4	Pretty good bbq place. The ribs were darn good. My friend didn't even add bbq sauce. The green beans are pretty good, made with turkey thigh. Mac and cheese was delicious! How can you go wrong with Mac and Cheese though? Super good. I ordered the brisket dinner and it was very good. Of course I slathered it with a ton of bbq sauce. (I prefer my sauce with a little brisket),  I tried the spicy bbq sauce (you have to ask for it), but it was a little too spicy for me. Cole slaw was pretty good, but I didn't like Cincinnati Chili fries. I mean the fries were ok, but the chili was not for me. BlahOverall pretty good meal. Kind of expensive at about $18 per meal. But I think it's about the same at most bbq places.
5	Excellent food! I wanted to eat ribs for my  bday and I was told to come here. Cant complain. I even got a free ice cream for my bday!! Jimmy the owner took the time to check up on us and even chatted wih us for a bit. Will be back again when we are in Vegas!!
