4	I've only gone here for a smog check since it's by my house. They are definitely legit and quick about the whole process. I registered for the DMV online that same evening. Since they accept competitor's coupons, I usually pick one up wherever I find one and come here.
5	Honest, reliable, and friendly service... would definitely recommend.... thanks Jim
5	Just went there.  As I was paying at the cashier, Roger had already come out and started with the smog check--it took him a whopping 5 minutes to complete the test, and I was out of there--friendly, fast, and fine job.
5	It was quick, easy and they were friendly. I have nothing to complain about. :)
1	Please do NOT go to this place for anything. The staff is a very sad and angry. The staff was very confused walking around the business aimlessly not trying to help or guide anyone around. First the person who was performing the smog test didn't know were to find the vin number didn't smile or even acknowledge that he was suppose to be helping us just walked right passed us while we wondered if him or one of the 3 other people standing around are going to help us. Then The manager came out and tryed to help but got frustrated while trying to smog my vehicle which is understandable because its an old car however he exploded a list of vulgar language, yelling and stomping like a small child because the car was having a hard time getting a read. Needless to say im very disappointed. Please go else were if you want quality work. I support small businesses but never again will I even walk in that place.
5	This place is awesome - honest and capable mechanics, it is the only place I'll go for service. They've never once tried to upsell me anything. Smog checks are great too, fast and cheap. All the staff I've talked with have been very nice.
5	This place is excellent!! I came here for a smog test, it was about as easy and convenient as you can get. I handed my car to the technician, went to the front counter to pay ($15.99 - cheapest I can find in Las Vegas so far!!!), and by time I got back to my car, I could already see the results of the smog test on the screen- a big fat PASS!!! The whole process took about 3 minutes, maximum. Jim, the smog technician is very friendly and advised me of all the necessary documents I needed to have before going to the DMV to change my car plates (since I was from out of state). He ticked the items off his fingers, making sure I had each and every one of them- smog test, Nevada auto insurance, out of state VIN check at the DMV, car license plates ready in hand, and car registration. That really saved me time as I had all the documents ready to go as soon as they asked.I will certainly be returning to this place for my oil change and general maintenance. Thanks Jim for being awesome!!
5	What a great helpful and friendly place!!!!I came in one day for a smog check (which cost less than $20, WAY LESS THAN THE $67 it costs in Los Angeles!) and Jim helped me out. He told me to come back when I was registering my car, and he would take off my plates and put on the new ones after I got them. Well, I came back, and he did all that and checked the oil and water in my car too. All for that initial price of almost $16. I will totally come back here when my car shits the bed. :D
5	Thank goodness I found this place because I will NOT be going anywhere else now! The staff is friendly and more than helpful. I have tried numerous places in Las Vegas and because I am a girl, they always try and rip me off. I showed up at this place and automatically felt like I could trust them. I live all the way over by Summerlin and I drive here to get any work done on my car. Also, the staff actually listen to you, so that what needs to get done on your car, actually gets done. They have even done extra checks on my car for me and adjusted things I wouldn't have known needed adjustment, just because.Story: My car had been acting up for some time and I needed to bring it in to get checked, but I work 9-5 Monday through Friday and am so busy with work that I have no time to bring it in on the weekend. When I called them, they told me I could drop it off in the morning and they would drive me to work!! After they dropped me off at work, they called me within the hour to tell me what was wrong and I was able to pick my car up on lunch. Excellent service and they go out of their way for their customers. At this place, customers definitely come first. Highly recommended and once you try, you won't want to go anywhere else with your car.
5	Went here for a smog check. Fast, friendly and smog check special discounted at $15.95.
1	I don't understand all of these glowing reviews. On the plus side, they did actually fix my car and the car ran fine when I picked it up and there wasn't any damage to the car.   A couple of sensors weren't put back correctly, but that's minor.   The reason I give them one star is because of the labor charge.  It was a big shock when I found they charged me $350 for what I know (unquestionably) was a simple repair.   Either they jacked up the charge with unnecessary work, or these guys are the most expensive mechanics I've ever met.   I know the initial diagnosis didn't take very long because they called about an hour after I dropped off the car and told me what part I needed.   But, replacing the part shouldn't have taken more than 15 mins.  You don't have to remove anything to get to the part; you just need a screwdriver.  Order the part, maybe 10 mins.  Retest the repair, maybe another 15 mins.  A smog test takes about 5-10 mins.   Hook up an obdII scanner and read the codes, maybe 5 mins.   They did no other repair, so no other diagnosis or tuning would have been necessary.  But the labor charge was $350!!!!!  And no, that did not include the cost of the part! They did diagnose and fix the car quickly but they weren't completely honest and up front otherwise they would have given me a written estimate and explained their charges.   I'm convinced they just played me for an idiot and ran up their charges.   I'd expect this from a chain garage but not a local shop looking for repeat business.  Big shock too when I noticed half a tank of gas gone and 100+ miles added to my odometer.  I've been working on my own cars for many years and I've had my share of smog tests and issues but this is my first failure with an obdII car.  I am aware that if you reset a car's computer for a smog test, normally you have to drive it for some time under different conditions so the computer can learn your driving pattern and run tests.  You have to wait for the tests to finish otherwise the smog test will fail.  Under normal conditions this can take 1-2 weeks driving around town.  But there are driving patterns on the web you can follow, and do it all at one time.  The point is that most people don't know this and the DMV doesn't explain any of this.  They just say, get the car repaired at a 2G station.  So when I took the car in, I asked the mechanic if they found the problem causing the code, fixed the problem, and if they reset the computer, would I have to drive the car awhile before retesting.  His response was "not necessarily" and then didn't offer any explanation or details but just sort of dismissed me and sent me back to the clerk inside.   Why can't I find a mechanic that is honest and upfront?  Why do I have to play these games with shops?   From experience I know that if you make a repair, the computer may clear the codes just running the engine a few minutes.  Since there weren't any other repairs to the car, obviously the part they replaced fixed the smog problem and removed the computer code.  I can only assume they replaced the part, reset the computer and then put the car on a dynamometer for 1 or 2 hours.  This would explain the missing gas and mileage.  I assume they didn't drive the car, which I never agreed to, and would be very, very angry if I found out they did.   I can only assume that the labor charge was mostly from running the car on a dynamometer, which I'm fine with, if THEY HAD TOLD ME BEFOREHAND AND GOT MY APPROVAL.   I wasn't there, so I don't know what they did exactly, and they didn't write it down on the bill.   It may be standard practice to put a car on a dynamometer when you you reset the computer, I don't know.  This is my first failure, but that's why I asked up front about resetting the computer.  Had I known they were going to put the car on a dynamometer to go thru the drive cycles I would have said 'no'.   Why would I want to pay for this when I can drive the car myself?  I can also reset the computer myself.  No further diagnosis is needed unless the computer generates the code again, or some other code, which usually happens just from idling the car for a few minutes.  Running the car on a dynamometer, if that's what they did, is NOT part of the smog test!!!  Some customers may want this service since it saves them some time and hassle, but it's not part of the smog test and it's not required.   You're basically paying them to drive your car for an an hour or two, which is complete nonsense!!!  Plus, this can run into hundreds of unnecessary charges if they find other problems and then redo the test.   Also, the limit is $450 before you can apply for a waiver but a shop can charge you anything they want even if it's more than the waiver.  Most shops like this one won't tell you this, but an honest shop will.
5	I am very impressed with the level of service that I received at Western Petroleum, fast, friendly, efficient staff and service!  As a woman, it's hard to find places where I can take my car and not feel like I'm being taken advantage of.  At Western Petroleum, I received an oil change and had them check out my check engine light and they did exactly what I needed them to do without charging me unfairly or suggesting replacement parts that I didn't need.  In fact, they thoroughly checked my car to ensure everything else was okay and they said everything else was working great!  I will continue to take my car here, because they were AWESOME!!
