4	I guess everyone knows what to expect with Clinton Cards, they stock well... cards. All manner of cards at that for pretty much every single occasion under the sun. I came in looking for a birthday card the other day and found a super cute cards with Smarties on it for only 89p! Perfect as the friend I was buying it for is a bit of a Smartie fiend.This is a rather large branch of Clintons and in addition to cards they also stocks small gifts too such as key rings, mugs, teddies and there's quite a lot of Scottish themed gifts too. At the moment they have a rather odd cuddly toy Meerkat display in the window and their little beady eyes were a wee bit unnerving as I sauntered in.
3	Clinton cards is a large card chain store. I rarely do come in here, as  I like browsing through the more individual and unique card shops Edinburgh has in other areas. However, as time can be an issue Clinton Cards can be a good reference point and has an overstock of cards for every occasion. This store is quite big and has what I consider emergency gift options- key rings and mugs etc which although aren't the most individual, can save the day in a gift-crisis.
3	Clinton Cards is one of the longest running card chain stores left in the country, and is a life saver if you're looking for a cute last minute gift or birthday card.Selling keyrings with names on them, balloons, mugs, Me to You bears and allsorts of stock reminiscent of Hallmark, it's the kind of card shop where there is something for everyone. The humourous cards vary from being tongue-in-cheek to safe jokes that would evoke a simple giggle. They sell a lot of traditional cards that would please older generations, because they are quite formal and in very good taste.As some of the girls have said, there are many other card shops in the area hosting stock that's a bit more unique. Although Scribbler and Paperchase are both chains, their whimsical, pretty cards seem to be better at grabbing a more contemporary audience. Their humourous ranges seem to be more in tune with younger generations, and certainly manage to keep up a bit better with the current fashions. There are also shops in Edinburgh such as the wonderful Paper Tiger and Cat's Miaou, to name but a few places where you can pick up something a bit more unusual.I feel like Clinton has lost its edge, and seems to be stuck in a late 90s timewarp. But since it is a Jack of all Trades type of place, you will no doubt still strike it lucky in here and be able to nab a last minute gift purchase. It's not the most cutting edge, but it's a reliable option when shopping for birthdays and Christmas presents.
