4	I always go to this Firehouse, and it's consistently good. Great stop for a sandwich, I usually get a wheat with chicken, lettuce, and mayo. Simple, but it's delicious. They also have my favorite Ms. Vickie's chips, which are fantastic. I highly recommend them. The brownies are also very good. Service is good, usually with a smile. One of the managers actually took the time to explain the new Coke machine and how it worked, nice touch.
3	So I'm generally not a sandwich guy, but I took an exception by going to Firehouse Subs.  This location has a long hall with small dining area in the back end.  I ordered the meatball combo; took around 7-10 minutes before order was ready, tad slower than I expected with that many people working.  The drink machine was out of Dr. Pepper ;_;  so I made do with Orange Coke (freestyle machine).  The sub was overall good.  The location was slightly messy, especially at the drink machine area; at one point something was burning inside the restaurant (smell at least).  Overall was an okay experience.
4	My friends recently had Firehouse subs cater a get together for them.  It had been years since I had their sandwiches and they were good.  It was nice to see that almost all of their subs are soy allergen friendly.  The sandwiches are very fresh and I like the steamed buns.  Most full size subs are about $8 and much larger than Jersey Mike's comparably priced subs.  I also like the spicy mustard on the sandwich and the dill pickled on the side.
5	I have come here with my husband multiple times for lunch and it is always good. The staff is friendly and food is made quickly and is always delicious! They give a 10% off Red Ventures discount if you work there!
1	Been waiting 20 minutes already for 2 sandwiches. One lady just walked out after waiting 35 minutes for 1 sandwich. When she asked why it took so long, the manager just said sorry. Manager is currently yelling (yes, yelling) at her employees in front of a restaurant full of hungry people. Her employees appear to be working hard while she threatens to cut their hours. Several people got their sandwiches before us even though they ordered after us. We won't be coming back, especially if this manager is working. For upper management, she's a young white woman with blonde hair and glasses. I hope you find someone else to fill this position.
