4	With a new baby, I've become a frequent shopper at Babies R Us.  This location is a little smaller than the one in Chandler, so while it may have a slightly smaller selection in some areas, it still has all of the basics and more.  Add that to the fact that it's much easier to get in and out of, and this has become my preferred location.
1	I hate how I am forced to give this location a star; they don't even deserve that honestly. If I had to explain this location is a simple phrase it would be "bad customer service." I walked into this location to pick up a Dr. Brown "y" nipple for a bottle I purchased at this location previously. I waited for the only person on the sales floor to free up for 20 minutes. The associate seemed to ignore the fact that I was waiting for help. After running out of patience, having the sales rep ignore my need for help, and finding the product was not on the shelf myself, I figured I would see if they could check back stock at customer service. I timed my wait in line, because the poor service I have received in the past. I was the only person in line, and waited 11 minutes before I was contacted by an associate to assist me. During that period the manager was talking to an angry customer on the phone, both checkout lines were at a stand-still waiting for the manager for assistance, and I still had not been contacted. Finally, one of the waiting associates paged the sales associate to the customer service desk to assist me. I asked if they had back stock of the Dr. Brown "y" nipple, the associate simply stated "no we are out until Tuesday's truck. They might come in then." Overall, I waited half an hour to be told they didn't have it, and receive a maybe we will get it Tuesday answer. No offer to check other locations, purchase the item online, or even an alternative. I hope this store goes out of business; I would even take a RadioShack in its place. At least they have batteries that are priced reasonably.
1	I agree with Cody from Florence.   This is the worst customer service (actually lack of) that I have ever encountered.  I went there to shop for a baby shower gift.  I printed my list from the registry kiosk and stood there trying to figure out the layout (different areas of the store) of the store to find the items i was looking for.  The list seemed to make sense but I couldn't locate the section it was telling me to go and very few of their aisles were numbered (not enough to figure out which direction i should go in).  An employee was actually at the end of one of the aisles i was looking in and i was searching very hard for my item and could not find it.  I was waiting to see if she offered to help me...  she did not, i had to ask.  I told her what i was looking for, showing her the list and she says (sarcastically) "well its right here! but of course the price on the display was NOT the price on the registry list. She told "well it is the item" and it was the price listed on the registry.  So i said well the sign on the display is incorrect then so that was misleading to me.   she pulled out her pricing gun, put a new tag on the display (with quite a lot of noise) and said very sarcastically "have a nice day" and stomped away.  Another customer and I just looked at each other and shrugged our shoulders.  So onward I go throughout the store trying to find the location of another item and not finding the aisle.  Couldn't find any employees and I went to ask the cashier if she could direct me.  She said "just look at the numbers on the end of the aisle"  of course they were not there.   She came to see that for herself and said "i don't know why they are not there you'll have to just go look for it".  Finally, my shopping completed I went to the register area--no cashier at any of the registers, but i see the previous cashier at the customer service desk on the computer with her back to the area.  Excuse me i said several times, finally she turns around to acknowledge me and says, are you ready to check out?  very rudely.I will NEVER go back into that store, EVER!
1	Garbage services carol needs a attitude check she's a horrible manager she shouldn't even have that label horrible all the way around don't buy from here!!!
1	I do not give reviews too often. This one is because I really want Babies r us to do something about this. I went to the store for two reasons. 1.To buy a crib that was cancelled online and they said they had,  and 2. To ask them to fix my baby registry because an item I bought was not taken off of the registry. CAROL the department supervisor was SUPER rude and talked to me in a very confrontational way.!.  I just read some other review about HER particularly and I can't understand why Babies r us still has her working there especially as a supervisor. To be more specific, she told me that she  could not fix my registry because if she did she would be STEALING. That she can't just take off my purchase from the registry if I did not have the ticket with me. I told her I used my rewards number and also that I had the purchase on my credit card but she said that I had to go to the store where it happened. If she could not fix it I understand, I am not unreasonable. The point was her attitude.  I also went there like I mentioned, to pick up a HOLD that the other store had done under my name for a crib. I said : well I will fix the registry some other time lets move on to get my crib that is on HOLD.... She asks: what is it? I said Is a crib don't  remember the exact model of the crib (but it was on hold already anyway under my name).... She calls someone and she says: Do you have a crib? (pause, did not even said my name to the person on the phone) she continues: No she doesn't even know what crib it is! (with a sarcastic tone). I told her I knew what crib it was I just did not know the "description model the store uses" . HOW RUDE IS THAT!!!! She does need some customer service training or should be fired. I hated her... again her name is CAROL, department supervisor of the store 6561 located on Signal Butte in Mesa Az. If you run into her... ask for someone else!.
