1	Run! Run Far Away! This place is a hovel at best. There are bugs everywhere and then there is construction throughout so that it is impossible to sleep past 6:30 am. Not to mention that they shut off the air and water at random. Not to mention that you will pay more than the rooms are actually worth. Even though they are renovating they have left in the popcorn ceiling which may contain white fiber asbestos. Ugh. Additionally, do not expect the staff or property manager to help you. They damaged my brand new bed due to their negligence during renovations and refuse to pay out, so I hope you have renters if you actually live here. Take your money and go to a place like Cabana or Rancho Murietta instead.
1	NO!  I've been here since 2012.  I admit to staying cause they were cheap for what you got.  The whole time I've had to have my own exterminator come in. Who by the way worked.  This place is full of infestations.  The staff is incompetent at best.  Any work orders for maintenance are ignored.  I have had to do most of the repairs myself, if I cared to have them done.  I have an old unit and have seen the new ones...not worth it at all.  The price is going up almost twice what it was, and for basically no more than a coat of paint.  lol.  It's a shithole.  If you've a choice, go somewhere else.
5	This is the place with the giant lizard mural on Lemon. It used to be really run down, but they've done a ton of renovations over the last year and it is like new. I really like how things turned out, especially the polished concrete floors and the kitchen. Doesn't hurt that it's right down the street from ASU.
5	WOW!  What was once an eyesore, is now a unique building with plenty of character- wait until you see the large gila monster mural!!!  The units are completely renovated with new cabinets, countertops, stainless steel appliances, and exposed concrete floors- very modern feeling.  They also built a large fitness center, community study room (with free wifi), an outdoor lounge and not to mention there is a big pool with comfy loungers.  This complex compares with brand new apartments, only at an affordable rent.  It is also worth noting the staff's attitude was very warm and receptive- it was obvious how much they care for their community!!
4	Saw this place during their Rock Paper Scissors tournament and was blown away. Used to have a buddy that lived in these apartments before they were renovated and it is totally different! Management is great and makes me feel at home away from home. Love that I can walk to school!
1	Go to the very bottom where is let's you see reviews that are not recommended. Those are the most truthful. DO NOT MOVE HERE FOR ANY REASON.
1	THIS IS YOUR WARNING!!!!!!!Also mike and craig both work for this place.I never write reviews but I felt like this was necessary after all the trouble I had.I lived in a 600 sq ft renovated 1 bedroom. Yes the redesign in the apartment is nice, but don't be fooled. Everything, and I mean everything is cheap. Before I even used the dishwasher, it was broken and I had to have someone come and fix it. Everything in the apartment looked like the workers didn't care for detail. Paint lines uneven and on door knobs, old nails left in wall, uneven colored concrete floors and borders, half hanging on popcorn ceilings.. Everything is cheap and was done poorly. Once I had a friend over and we were just sitting on the couch and water started leaking from the ceiling!! I ran and got the worker guy and when we came back it had stopped so he didn't even try to find out what was the issue so it happened again of course. Also I did not appreciate the water being shut off all the time, most of the time with no prior notice until of course I complained. Neighbors and construction are constantly noisy and the smell of weed never leaves the building. Since it is a central air system, your whole apartment will smell of whatever the other apartments are cooking or smoking. Not one tenant besides me cared about how the place looked. After they got mail they would just through their junk mail on the floor instead of taking it back to their apartments. Along with any other garbage including alcohol bottles, syringes, and cigs. I would be so embarrassed of the place before friends came to visit that I would actually go pick up the junk mail off the floor. I paid $800 a month to basically put up with a terrible apartment.I started to notice roaches everywhere. In previous reviews before the renovation, this was a huge problem. So I went to the front office and they assured me they would come on Tuesday and I approved for that Tuesday. So I took the whole day of work off Tuesday and no one ever showed up. I come back to my apartment one day and what do I find? A notice saying them entered my apartment and sprayed! I did not approve that day and just because they missed the first one does not mean that they can just waltz in without a 24 hour notice! Once again, illegal. So I went and talked to the front office and they made it seem like it was my fault and I argued with the fact of what if I was sleeping or showering and they just entered and their response was "OH THEY DO IT ALL THE TIME WHEN PEOPLE ARE SLEEPING PASSED OUT FROM PARTYING THE NIGHT BEFORE", but whatever it was settled and that was supposed to be the end of it. Come the next week I was actually in the shower when I hear my front door open. LETS KEEP IN MIND THAT I AM AN 19 YEAR OLD GIRL WHO LIVES BY HERSELF. So I begin screaming "please do not enter!!! Please!!!" and they left. Once again I returned to the office where they assured me "oh we're sorry it wont happen again". In the month of June, the AC went out. I was forced to go live back with my parents since the heat was unbearable. There was no thermostat so I bought an indoor thermometer to see exactly how hot it was. Most of the time it read anywhere from 88-92!!! I have photos and videos to document the whole time the AC was out and how poorly it was handled. At first they promised to have it fixed in a matter of days. I called on the day they promised and they just said "I honestly don't know when it will be fixed". So I would call back a few days later. And got the same "I honestly don't know, I honestly don't know". Calling every few days turned to every single day as I was becoming impatient. This went on for a little over 3 weeks. AZ law states that they have 5 days to fix my AC or else I can go live in a hotel and they would have to pay for it or I could have it fixed personally and bill them. Thankfully, I had my parents house to stay at so I decided to not go to those measures. It came to the point where I would call and say "let me guess you HONESTLY DON'T KNOW?" and of course I was right. Finally, end of June I went to check on my apartment and it was finally fixed that very day. I was obviously upset and entirely fed up with the place that they let me end my lease early. So I moved out and the trouble stopped there right? WRONG! So I passed the security deposit check since I took great care of my place and I waited to receive my check in 3 days. Those days passed and nothing so I decided to give them to the end of the week, still nothing! So I called and once again they entire terrible staff had "no clue" so I was told they would get it settled.So I had to drive all the way over to their office to pick it up. I get there still no check. Of course she goes " uh we sent it out lemme check" as she goes to just move around her mouse and not even check any sort of document, "we'll send it out again I swear!". So more waiting until it reached a month. went back and demanded the check.
