3	Tiffany's is always hit or miss - I've been here for breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner. I have friends who refuse to come and friends who love joining me, which gets pretty frustrating and typically prevents me from suggesting it as a place to go.I love their breakfast, mainly because I'm a huge breakfast person and have no ability to determine what my taste buds are craving, thus resorting to their massive ensemble of pancakes, eggs, meat, toast and other deliciousness. It can be pretty expensive and the service is typically pretty slow. I usually get some modifications and substitutions, which they invariably mess up, causing frustration and aggravation... is it really that hard to get an order right? The worst part is definitely the wait which can be a bizarre form of torture. This is definitely a place where you're bound to hear gossip or run into everyone you know from the Westmount-Cote St. Luc-Hampstead area. For lunch, I'm a big fan of their burger and fries - very good and nice-size portions for the price. I've also had a couple of their salads which are generally very tasty - when they're completely fresh, which is not always. They have a liquor license but I can't recall ever trying their drinks... I've also never tried their desserts - their portions simply do not allow it!
4	So I went here with a few of my friends and it was great. We went here for breakfast to get a kick out of the "breakfast at tiffanys" phrase and it was good. the morning menu was good and I had chocolate chip pancakes last with fresh fruit topping, they also serve bread and the mimosa we had was delicious. Our server was a tad bit dazed and confused our orders with even other tables a number of times. So that was the only uncomfortable point I had throughout my experience here. Overall a decent place to go to with friends :)
5	My cousin took me here. I loved it! The name reminds me of Breakfast at Tiffany's and was so good. The food is plentiful and great to start the morning off right.
3	Tiffany's has been a go to place for business lunches when meeting with someone form the north west part of town. They are located at the north end of Decarie and have a parking lot so it is easy to get to. The food has been reliable and they serve breakfast all day long. I usually order the salad Nicoise which is more than meal size and comes with a generous portion of seared tuna. When I was most recently there I ordered the Nicoise and the waitress said 'the tuna salad, right?' to which I agreed. Well, it seems that they have updated their menu and instead of a salad Nicoise I ended up with an Asian inspired salad with sesame crusted tuna that was way over cooked. Hopefully the Nicoise will be returned to the menu soon and order restored to the universe, until then perhaps the egg white omelette.
4	Visited for breakfast this morning. Menu has all the basics and a great selection of specialties. Normally, when I see various restaurant's breakfast options I am uninspired, but Tiffany's menu piqued my curiosity on more than one item. I settled on the Monte Cristo breakfast, ham, eggs, and cheese sandwiched between two pieces of French toast. It was okay... The potatoes were better - the star of the plate. My guests agreed that the food was slightly better than average. However, the speed and courtesy of service tipped the scales for me. 4 stars it is, and I will be back to try another of their creations.
2	I've been to Tiffany's many times before. It is local, convenient, and they have a large menu with pretty good food. I was there this morning and we were a group of 8 who haven't seen each other in quite some time. After just a bit over an hour, we were asked to stop our conversations and leave the table as they needed it for other guests. Never before have I ever been asked to get up and leave even if we already finished eating. So - if you want a very quick meal, this is the place to go, if you are looking to enjoy yourself, then I would choose somewhere else.
3	This review is based only on dinner, and based on that, it's OK. My food was decent, nothing to write home about. Service started off fine but went downhill toward the end, when I had to sit and wait and wait and wait for my check. The place wasn't very busy for dinner on a week night.The inside is pretty nice, and the New York City theme (no idea why, it seemed random) made me feel at home.Price wise, it seems to suffer from the same affliction as other sit down restaurants in the area: it's a little high.
1	The food is terrible and over priced. The service is also very slow. I don't plan on going back there.
4	Breakfast at Tiffany's..well what can I say? It's a trendy place, very clean but always packed during the weekend especially on sunday. The food is not bad and it's not great. Kind of pricy for breakfast but you get a big portion. I normally get the early morning dream which consist of 2 eggs, one choice of meat and a choice of pancakes or waffles..or the hearty meat eaters when I'm really in the mood for meat. Their coconut and pineapple smoothie are to die for!! Try tiffany's out for breakfast but I wouldn't go for supper!
5	This is an amazing place. Good service. Go in for an Happy Beer :-)Oh yeah, did I mentioned they have the best carrot cake
4	One block. I've been working one block away from this place for over a year and I'm just finding out about it now?! Well, fortunately, I catch up quickly. Tiffany's is a gem of a restaurant, right at the eastern side of Decarie and Ferrier. With a cool vintage vibe and exceptional service, it's where I'd imagine Don Draper would come for lunch if he worked in TMR. Big booths and full bar, it's a great temporary escape from the daily grind. Atmosphere aside, the food is also a treat. To eat, we asked for the ribs which they were unfortunately out of (warning: ask first or you might be sad like we were), but the Cajun Salmon Sandwich that I ordered was a pretty stellar substitute. Oh, and did I mention their sides? Fries and coleslaw of course if that's what you're into, but I'd highly recommend opting for the Lentil and Walnut Salad and Black Beans with Chorizo. So damn tasty!Any who, if you're looking for a great place for a business lunch, or just somewhere to lay low for an hour or so, I'd highly recommend checking out Tiffany's.
3	I had breakfast with some friends from the other side of town and it looks like this resto is the well-known "halfway" point for a lot of folks as a compromising location to go to. Kindly note my review is for their breakfast so their lunch/dinner can be a complete different experience.Firstly, having breakfast at "Breakfast at Tiffany's? ...  Amusing. :)We were there nice and early on a Saturday morning (8 AM!) and found ourselves amongst the less than a dozen patrons during our stay and when we left around 10 AM, the place had nearly 2 dozen patrons... so it's pretty quiet. Which is unusual for a Saturday morning.... at least for me. So if you like hearing those at your table talk normally, this is the place to go.They have a significant menu with lots of options. I went with their Decarie Special which consisted of a pair of eggs with corned beef hash, potato latkas and sour cream. Served with choice of breads and fresh fruit garnish. I went with the rye bread since I've never had that for breakfast before. The food came in 20 minutes. Everything was decent but nothing stood out for me. I was disappointed at the hash and the rye bread but they were good enough to be eaten without complaint. The service was polite and friendly and on top of it all, very quick. Refills weren't a problem. Obviously, with so many little clients, I'd expect as much.The price-tag is a little high for what its worth but nothing to complain about. All in all, decent enough... if I'll come back, I'll definitely try something else on the menu. Once again, a lot of options are available.One last note, they should clean up their private parking lot, it's pretty dirty and I wasn't overly impressed to see a time-worn used condom on the floor near the closer parking spots to the resto.
4	We stayed right down the street at Ruby Foo's and pretty much had breakfast here for most of our stay. Menu is varied with lots to choose from, food (at least breakfast wise) was delicious and generously sized. Service was consistently great and we were always seated promptly with our party of 6.
