5	What an excellent store that carries the BEST olive oil and balsamic vinegars! They are the only store in Las Vegas to carry this quality of a product. We have bought many pairings here and the owner and staff are super nice. We will definitely be back!
5	What a great place! You are welcomed in and introduced to so many flavors and combinations of olive oils and balsamic vinegars that you get to taste while on a guided tour of the store. The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable. Great addition to our area!
5	I first saw BIg Horn on Yelp  last week.  Yesterday I intended to stop by but time got away from me.  To my great surprise they were at an event for the American Heart Association.  I met the owners and was able to taste several of there wonderful combinations.  It is a family owned and run business.Today I went to the store and was helped by the daughter/store manager (sorry I a forgetting her name).  She gave me taste after taste, each combination better than the next.  You can even put the white balsamic in water to help flavor it! It was very refreshing!  I bought several combinations of olive oil and balsamic vinegar for a house warming gift and bought several for myself.  I would have purchased more, but I didn't want my husband to freak out! ;-)The only draw back to the store right now is BAD construction on Rampart.  DO NOT let this stop you from stopping by!
5	If you looking for oil oil with flare or not your ordinary balsamic this is the place. My husband took the day off with me and off we went. There are so many combinations of olive oil mixed with balsamic it head my head spinning. The owners were extremely knowledgeable and went out there way to make us feel like mixologists. If your  looking for a Christmas idea please stop by. You can find something for everyone!
5	The quality of service and product served at Big Horn Olive Oil Company is something few and far between.  Between being greeted immediately upon entry, given a full tour and explanation of all the products offered in the store, and general good conversation between employees and patrons, it is a place that I would strongly recommend to anyone.The two employees working were extremely helpful and showed me all of their favorite combinations of Oil and Balsamic's accompanied with tastings of each.  The space is kept clean and neat and is a very professionally establishment.  As for the quality of Oil and Balsamic, who knew there could be so many infused flavors and combinations!  The quality of the oil and balsamic are far superior to anything that could be found in a local grocery store.Do your self a favor and go check this place out!  You wont be disappointed.*Thanks for the great service once again! (1/6/15)*
