5	I recently had to go the rout of cell phone repair.  I just happened upon John@ iPhix's business card.  Well let me tell you I am glad I did.  The guy rocks and will do everything and anything to get you dialed back in as quickly as possible.  He is more than just honest and reliable.  Don't waste your time with any of the other hack job repair shops anymore!  Go to iPhix or let iPhix come to you,  the convenience of mobil phone repair.  He will even lend you a phone so you don't miss that all too important business call.
5	Had a drunk fun filled night that cost me a broken Lcd screen. Woke up the next day and couldn't read all my drunk texts so I had to get my phone fixed a-sap. So I went to Sprint and even tho they could of made all kinds of money makin me buy a new phone, they told me to go to these guys. I am so glad I did!!! So fast and quality parts. And the price was so good I couldn't believe it!!! I am sure I will have more of those nights and I will always come back to iPhix O(^_^)O
5	Both of our kids inherited our old iPhone 4 phones and the batteries wouldn't hold a charge anymore. These guys replaced both phone's batteries in about 5 minutes for WAY less than apple wants to charge for battery replacement!Fast, friendly and extremely reasonable price!Highly recommend and I would use them again in a second.
5	Awesome Phixer! Would recommend to all and any of those folks that have broken devices!
5	Thank you IPhix for opening a place in the Summerlin area to fix my daughters IPad 2.  Convienece is super important to me since we are always busy, but cusotmer service is #1 in my book.  This place displays top notch service.  They never tried to upsale me but really wanted to help fix the the main issue.  Please give them a shot, you will not be disappointed.  You earned a customer for life.
5	I broke the glass on my iPad 2. Went to iphix to have them replace the glass. The guys were very friendly and knowledgable. They told me it would be ready in a few hours and it was. I was very pleased with their work and will definitely use them again.
5	This is the second time I've had to replace my iPhone screen and am absolutely so happy that I came here. I can already tell it was done with better quality then my last replaced screen. VERY reasonably priced and on top of that he even gave me a discount on the repair and then discounted some awesome screen protectors. It ended up being cheaper with all the accessories than the last time I got my screen repaired at a different place. He did it immediately and was done with it in less then an hour. Definitely go here for your cell phone needs!
5	These guys are fucking amazing my friend cracked me phone screen last night and I looked everywhere for reasonable prices a lot of other places were charging around $160 - $180 to fix for my iPhone 5 but these guys only charged me $112 they honestly had the best customer service and were very friendly would definitely recommend this place to all my friends and family who have any smart phone related problems
1	My daughter had dropped our iPad 2 a while back and cracked just the bottom right corner of the screen.  I wanted to finally get it fixed for my wife, and iPhix had great reviews on Yelp.Unfortunately, after multiple attempts, I now have an iPad with a trashed looking bezel and a wonky screen.Both of the gentlemen I worked with here were very kind.  I don't recall their names, as the repair was done about 4 months ago.  However, the iPad is still having issues!The initial quote was that the screen could be replaced, no problem.  When I picked it up, the metal at the corner of the drop was not looking great, and screen had a gap of almost 1/8" in certain places!  How is this acceptable?  When I brought it back, I was told the drop had bent the metal corner of the iPad, making the replacement difficult.  My thinking is if the repair won't be as promised, let me know before further damaging my equipment!I was then told that he would have to file a bit off the metal to make it fit, but no problem.  I said as long as there are no gaps and it's fixed, I was okay with it.  But again there was a gap and the metal around almost half the iPad was filed down in a horribly visible way!Also, I was informed that they had used extra glue and had it clamped all night, but the screen wouldn't stick.  Again, if there are this many issues, don't trash the iPad trying to make it work!  They finally just recommended I keep it in a case (hide the bezel/gap issues), which they wound up giving me in lieu of a refund.  The screen seems like a cheap replacement, and often has issues registering touches - a far cry from what I would expect from an iPad.I think these guys are good with phones, but I wish they would have let me know they were having issues with the repair BEFORE making the iPad look like hell.  After 4 or more attempts, I just figured I would deal with an iPad with a jacked, albeit not cracked, screen.
4	My experience with this business was great. They fit me right in and repaired my device with great knowledge and skill. I absolutely recommend this business. You can be confident in the quality of the work. I traveled across town to come here on a friends recommendation and decided to wait. I  received a call that the repair would take longer than expected with great apologies and a waive of the labor fees for my inconvenience. Top notch customer service.
1	Over promised-Under delivered BIG TIME!  Went in with a cracked screen, came out with a phone that's completely INOPERABLE!  I was told several times that the reason it was taking so long (told it would take 1.5 hours, actual time= 5 days) was their tech was working on getting the speaker to work properly-no mention that the phone was completely ruined.  When I picked it up their suggestion was, "go into Verizon and tell them the phone just stopped working", in other words, lie to Verizon because they ruined my phone.  I wouldn't allow them to work on a toy phone!
5	We took an iPad mini in that was extremely cracked (chunks of glass were falling out), and the owner said it would be fixed in just a couple hours. After a lot of communication, and 5 days later (he was having trouble with the glass pressing down on the home button due to a bent frame) we picked up the iPad. We ended up bringing it back the next day. The home button was still having issues and everything we tried to do was interrupted by Siri. He refunded our $ for the screen repair and offered to buy the iPad so he could use the parts. In the end we left iPadless, but satisfied with their customer care.
5	John was very professional and quick to tend to us, we got my son's screen on his phone fixed quite quickly!  Hopefully we don't have any other problems, but if we do we know where we are going!  Back here!
5	Broke my iPhone... Womp Womp Womp.... Went to this place. Kinda hard to find but all the signs help you to find it. Right behind the Starbucks. Overall experience; Great service. The guy there (john) was very knowledgeable and friendly. He was quick and did a great job with the repairs on my broke screen. He even asked for my pin. So he can check if everything was working right. Most places don't even care. You can go to the other guys in China town but you'll end up getting what you paid for. Which is not much. John also gave me ten bucks off! Most places would just try and get the most they can from you. Very reasonable.
5	I've been meaning to write a review for a couple of months now. I've been to this location twice and the service is always friendly, efficient, and excellent. My first experience was for replacing the back panel of my iPhone 4, which was smashed to shards. They fixed it in minutes and charged the least amount of money compared to other places who offer the same services. My second experience was replacing the screen on my brand new LG G2. When I called, they didn't have the screen for it, but put a phone call in immediately to one of their sources to get one THAT DAY. They fixed my phone again at a less expensive price than most other places. They also have an original photo of the house from Breaking Bad that they took on one of their trips, so you know they're alright. I hope these guys never change.
5	Cracked my Galaxy S5 screen, to where it was blacked out w/out LED. They replaced same day, within a couple hours. I run my biz with my phone, so I was initially in a panic. They were courteous, reasonable, and great location in Summerlin. So worth it, I didn't have to use my phones insurance for the damage. Did not lose my pics, etc. as I would have with a phone replacement.  Highly recommend
5	I had my Iphone 4 checked here cause I was getting NO CHARGE at all to my phone. John did a few checks and then said it was the battery, he changed out the battery in less then 5 minutes and there it was my iphone was completely back up less fully charged but in working order. John the owner was super professional, friendly and knows what hes doing! Im sending all my friends and co-workers here! Thank you IPHIX. Definetly coming back here if I have any other issues with my smartphones...
1	I am very dissatisfied with their service. I gave them explicit instructions twice and they failed to perform the work I asked for. I was at their shop for 20+ minutes. I told Eric that I had to make an appointment and had to go. He continued to take phone calls. I ended up being late for an appointment due to their ineptness.
5	I called at 1:30pm today and was provided a quote to fix my cracked iPad screen.  John was so professional and friendly I brought my IPad over at 2:30.  Customer service is definately #1 with this business.  Not only was my IPad fixed same day I saved $10 on the quote.  My IPad is back to perfect and I will definately be recommending Iphix to all my family, friends and co-workers.
5	We walked in New Years day. They technically weren't even open. We went in there just to get a quote. They ended up fixing my cracked screen and my lock button, that day! Everyone in there was super friendly too. Highly recommended place!
5	Brought my phone here for a lcd and screen replacement. The price was very fair and the service was speedy and very friendly. With my terrible luck breaking phones I am sure I will be returning.
