2	I didn't know that a return policy was so difficult. I went to return $28 worth of facewash and toner that broke my face out and the sales girl was making such a big deal that I had used half of the product. Almost anyone will tell you to keep with a facial routine for a week or two to see if it works. I bought the product two weeks ago. I didn't notice anywhere on the receipt that said " only use a few times, if you don't like it, bring it back"....
3	A friend told me about Ulta. My daughter and I stopped in for a look. It was my first visit to such a place. Wow. If you enjoy lots of stuff to pamper and preen with, this is the place for you. Not only do they have the take-home goods, there is also an in-store hair salon.My daughter -- who has become such a PRODUCT junkie -- was in her element. All the makeup, nail polish, hair products, etc. I liked the make up and perfume sections. We stayed way too long but thankfully I escaped without spending a fortune. It helped that we received a discount for our initial purchase. They'll sign you up for their snail mail catalog, e-mail notices, and the frequent shopper card so you too can get discounts.Most recently we went for a sale on the EOS lip balm that comes in the spherical containers. Cute and useful.At $7.99 for three, they cost a little more than the Nivea lip balm my daughter loves which is okay with me because the shape of the EOS containers ensures that they don't get lost in the black hole in my daughter's purse that seems to suck up the Nivea lip balm weekly.Why did I let the child wander the aisles on this visit? She found some mascara that she just HAD to try because "So-and-so uses it and it So-and-so's lashes looked utterly kewl the last time I saw her. Mommy pleeeeeeeeeze!"The life of the mother of a teenager. Gotta... love it. We shop Ulta a few times a year and have had courteous and helpful service on each visit.We have purchased lip balm, nail polish, mascara, from this location. We haven't needed to return anything so far.
4	This Ulta gets the job done but there isn't anything outstanding about it.  I almost gave 3 stars because it feels a little smaller than other locations I've been to; however, I had a great return experience there.  I had purchased a mascara that did not work for me.  I kept the packaging but had tossed the receipt.  I went back to the store and spoke with the manager.  She said that usually they do not allow returns without a receipt because they cannot confirm where it was originally purchased.  That being said, she was kind enough to make an exception for me and allowed me to select a different brand.  The store is clean and they products are always stocked!  I haven't used the salon here but I do enjoy browsing around the store.  Parking is a breeze since it is located in a shopping center with a huge lot!
2	I've always loved the products at Ulta and I decided to try the salon because I just moved here and was shopping around for a new place, plus a friend gave me a $20 off coupon so why the hell not? I would just like to preface this review by mentioning that I do not just want a "haircut," I want an experience. If I'm dropping $50 on a haircut and style I want someone to massage my head and tell me how fabulous I am. At the very least I would like the person who is hovering 4 inches away from my face to at least attempt conversation.I walked into the store and up to the salon where I was greeted with a blank stare and  a half-interested inquiry of how I may be helped. After a few minutes I realized this person would be cutting my hair. Not a "How are you?" or "What is your name?" not even a "Hi." Mostly orders to "Sit here," followed by a "Sit there." When I finally got to the chair I was a little worried and attempted to explain how I would like my hair cut. Then she informed me that she would be cutting my hair "dry" i.e. without washing it, no water, no shampoo, nothing. I'm sorry, what? If I wanted my hair cut dry I would go to SuperCuts or a dog groomer. When I asked why, she quickly replied, "Well, I was going to explain why..." Surprisingly, her answer was NOT "Well, because I don't feel like it," because that's pretty much what she meant. I almost left, and I probably should have. She hustled me over to the dirty sink to wash my hair (and it was just soooo inconvenient for her), which lasted about 3 minutes. What followed was about 20 minutes of complete silence while I prayed she didn't completely botch my hair. I mean, Jesus, she's not changing my oil she's a hairstylist, she could've at least attempted conversation. The accountant at H&R Block with a missing eyeglass lens had more personality. A good starting point would have been, "Hi, My name is (blank), what is yours?" But I guess they don't teach manners at the Hair Cuttery. To my relief she didn't screw it up, but I'm still not happy with the results. My bangs are too long, which will grow out in a week, and the ends are too blunt, but I would rather live with that than spend another minute in that salon. The place was dirty, uncomfortable, and the highlight of the experience is when I left. A good alternative to the Ulta Salon is a decent weed-whacker or your little sister.
1	Came here Saturday to do some shopping since I was given several $5 Coupons on a previous visit post checkout.I was under the impression that the coupons could be combined, as there werent really any stipulations other than what items they couldnt be used for... understandable. I had a sneaky suspicion that there was more to it than than. I stopped an employee who was wondering around aimlessly, and asked her about the coupon. Explained to her that I was given these the week prior, and was told by a cashier that I could use them all at once. The employee told me that it was for EVERY $20 spent, you could get $5 off.I wish Ulta would keep their employees better informed on what to tell customers like me who drive a good way (I live in Concord) to take advantage of what they THINK is a good deal.
4	Ulta is a fun place to buy your cosmetics; their salon services are great. 5 stars for the salon alone. Swinda is the stylist I use. She's a senior stylist so the rate is a bit higher than some of the other girls; but she's quick and consistent and that's what I need.As for the store, there is the inevitable comparisons to Sephora. The main difference is that they carry drugstore items. Also they don't have as many high end brands as Sephora; I miss Make up for ever and Josie Maran. Where they do excel is their rewards program.  Your purchases will get you points that can be redeemed for merchandise of your choice. Sephora's beauty insider program can only be redeemed for a designated kit; lately their choices have sucked so I've been banking my points hoping for something I really want. So given the choice of purchasing the same item at either store I will go to Ulta so I can get stuff I really want. With very occasional exceptions customer service here has been excellent. They do have a tendency to discontinue products I use, but it make for some fabulous clearance merchandise, which you should always check out when visiting.
3	This was my first trip to Ulta's and it was actually a real fun shopping experience!They have everything here, lotions, perfumes, nail polish and makeup! I didn't know where to begin! There were really nice associates to help you with your purchases and to do sample makeup so you can see the products before you buy!I loved that they had a lot of sales like B1G1 for makeup and nail polishes! I enjoyed shopping around in here and would definitely return...especially with all the great deals!
4	I love that they sell OPI and Essie Nail polish here!  I love that they have specials and deals (equipped with mobile coupons) that you can add to get these products for an even lower price!  They have a great selection of makeup and facial products such as Smashbox, Urban Decay, and Benefit just to name a few.  You can find some great gift giving suggestions usually located on the middle displays.  The staff is always friendly and some go out of their way to make sure that you've been helped.  They have a nice selection of fragrances for both men and women but it's not as extensive as Sephora and they tend to be on the higher side than Sephora also (at least to me).  The upside is that they do sell miniture bottles or roll on luxuary brand parfume that you can keep in your purse for a quick pick me up.  Don't judge me...I like having options :)  If you haven't been to an Ulta yet go.  You can find designer products as well as Drugstore products and they also have a Hair Salon on the inside if you would like a one stop shop...
3	This is a great place to buy makeup or skincare, I love that they have pretty much everything (except Laura Mercier?)- As far as the salon goes, I've had different experiences here.  One senior stylist did a great job on a cut ( I think she was the director), another senior stylist did an OK job, and I've had some bad cuts as well, when I left feeling like I didn't get what I paid for.  I had great highlights a few times there (senior stylist), and both times I really stressed how much I liked that they didn't turn out brassy, but nobody bothered to write down what they used on my card.   When I went back for the third time to get highlights, the (Jr. Stylist) girl just used whatever they had, it turned out brassy. I knew I was in trouble when she said "we'll just use a toner." For some reason, that never helps (I think because my hair is so naturally dark, and they need to use a blue-based bleach and/or leave it on longer to process). Really, it's not my business to know that much detail, it's theirs, but I've been in self-protection mode lately, trying to figure out what went wrong so it won't happen again. This salon can also get a bit gossipy and is less professional than some others, and I never felt "pampered" in the salon.  If you choose to give this place a try, I would recommend paying more and going with a senior stylist. I did notice another reviewer who loved this place, and her hair looks great in the pic, so I think it just depends on who you get.  Like I said though, it's a great place to buy cosmetics.
1	I love the supply part of the store. The Salon part not so much. I am new to the area and went to a salon and got jacked up big time. I went to the Salon Manager Jessica and got her to help me try to fix the problem. My first visit she cut my hair and did a moisturizing treatment. I paid $50 for a cut and a moisturizing treatment. The  stylist let me leave with wet hair and no attempts were made to style it. The second appointment Jessica the salon manager cut my hair and did two different colors of full highlights to my hair. I was charged $250 for these services. The stylist told me her next appointment was in five minutes and I left again with wet hair. I did ask her if that was the closest she could get to the root of my head because it wasn't as close as a $250 hair color should be and she said yes that was the closest she could get. I went to pay and even the cashier flipped out because she was letting me leave with wet hair. I did talk to the manager and they did give me $50 back but for the salon manager to do me this way really says alot about Ulta.
