2	I was disappointed when they gave me the sale price for my return on a known defective item that they put on sale since it was defective (Wallflower Night Light).  In these cases when it is known to be defective, they should exchange at full price.
2	Let me start off by saying that I love Bath and Body Works products. I love the candles most of all and the fall scents are my absolute favorite. So when I found out that the fall scents had come out this week I was excited.I have been to this location a few times before because I am in this area often. Every time I have shopped here I feel as though I am attacked as if I am prey in a pack of ravenous, sale seeking wolves. Yesterday was especially bad. I am not sure the of the guy's name who was following me around like a lost puppy who would not stop talking but he really needs to know when someone is giving him the vibe of give it a rest and leave me alone. The second I entered the door I was greeted by three associates. He was especially interested in what I was looking for and I let him know that I had just come in to check out the new fall scents. He immediately came over and shared with me all of his favorites, and while I am happy for him that those are his favorites, my scent choices were much different than his. I told him thank you for showing me those and I am just going to look around. About one minute later he was back at my side picking up my hand and rubbing lotion on me! Without even asking me! This crossed the line. I did not have an immediate bad reaction but I was really feeling off put by this point. I told him once again that I just wanted to look around and I would let him know if I had a question.I quickly went to the opposite corner to the store to try to find the mini candles. I started sampling the different scents of candles and low and behold about five minutes later here he is again. He had brought with him five new scents of candles that he wanted me smell. Before I could say no thanks he had one opened and in my face. I am very sensitive to smell and I know what I like and it was not those scents! I told him for the third time I am just looking over here. A moment later another associate comes over and starts telling me about her favorite scents! I am just thinking to myself at this point I just want to be left alone and chose my own freakin scents! I guess I should have just said that. By the end of this visit I just wanted to scream, I just want to be left ALONE! I have had this same type of experience at this store once before where I felt as though I was almost being scolded for not buying the better sale that they had at the time. I did take the survey that they offer at the bottom of the receipt about that experience as well as emailing the manager but never heard a word back. I do love the fragrances here but I think I am absolutely done with this location. These associates are like hounds searching for the hunt and I cannot stand it. Back off people! I do not need someone to hold my hand (literally) while I shop. I will seek  you out if I need you. There is a fine line between providing good customer service and WAY over doing it to the point of chasing customers away. Please managers of this location, tell  your associates to back down!!
5	The most amazing and helpful employees I have ever experienced at any store ever! I even got a little hand massage when trying their awesome lotion! I had a spa experience! They were soooooo nice and helpful at this store! I didn't want to leave! If I could leave more than 5 stars I would!
