5	Moved in here a month ago, and I've loved it so far. Quiet area, friendly staff and neighbors, also very affordable for us. We took a two bedroom on the second floor near the entrance - apartment was very clean and spacious. It has a 24 hour gym, pool and jacuzzi, which also just received new furniture. Good for your money, and definitely staying awhile.
1	Traveling nurse and lived in the Camden from 10/10/2012 Still bitter and thought I should write a review since this is the worst apartment complex I have ever lived in. Lived in the back on the first floor for 10 days prior to getting robbed. While collecting our keys the first day the staff stated "Oh nice your place has a heavy duty door and you can use that to let a breeze into your apartment". Thought it was weird that we were the only ones with a heavy duty door in our corridor. 10 days later came back to my apartment and noticed that the front door was kicked in. When I let the staff know they seemed unconcerned and not helpful. They asked me if I had the heavy duty door closed and locked when I left and I said "No. I didn't know that was for security purposes." The staff then let me know that the prior resident had gotten robbed and bought the heavy duty door himself for safety. That would have been nice to know prior to moving in. Thanks Camden staff. After the police came and did their report I explained to the staff that I couldn't stay on the first floor and needed to move to the 2nd floor. They let me know that they didn't have any rooms on the 2nd floor. The next day I immediately looked at other Camden's in the area that my company could relocate me to. The Camden a mile down the road had rooms on the 2nd floor and were willing to work with me. I told Camden Canyon that I was going to break my lease and pay all the fines and move to a more secure and safe Camden. All of a sudden that staff let me know that they could actually move me to the 2nd floor. I said "No thanks, you guys are shady, and I'm still breaking my lease. I eventually moved to the Venicia Apartments off Fort Apache. Highly recommend those apartments.
1	After 6 months we almost signed on with a different Camden property because this one was so horrible. We decided not to so we could move to a house after our lease was up. (If you transfer to another Camden you start a new lease). We were on vacation at the beginning and had someone checking on our place while we were gone. We received phone calls/email/letter on the door about- not picking up dog poop, having a closed & clean trash bin outside the door (for dog poop since they did not provide one on our side of the complex), and having a firearm. I explained the manager we were out of town on vacation and she harassed me with multiple phone calls arguing. I explained the trash bin (that was closed and clean) was outside our door for dog poop because they didn't provide one. She told me to walk to the dumpster and I told her that I would not late at night by myself. So the trash can solved the issue of the dog poop around our place not being our dogs. She then harassed me about my gun. After a "sexual assault" in the complex I started wearing my gun on my hip late at night when getting off work and when taking my dogs outside late at night.  NV is an open carry state. She said that guns aren't allowed, which makes this my fault for not reading it in the lease and I accepted that. She argued with me telling me how I'm putting myself at risk by having a gun because I don't know how to use it and she would know if I have, or have not had training or classes. Spare me your personal opinion because this isn't a political debate. What an unprofessional manager. I said that we would move out to a different complex and then she said, "It's okay. We have a bailiff that lives in the community. We just need to copy your blue card." Wow sudden change. They love the money coming in that much that they can go from aggressive harassment to kindness. They charge $200 per a pet for a non-refundable deposit that goes no where, but perhaps to their bonuses. They have two trash bins in the community for dog poop and they don't pick up the poop that everyone leaves. This is going to lead to roaches and water beetles next summer, I guarantee it. People are not going to walk across the hot black-top with their dogs in the middle of a Las Vegas summer to drop poop off at a trash bin. This burns their paws and you aren't supposed to walk them on the black top not until a few hours after the sun has set because it stays hot. They don't care though. Maintenance has their own key to enter your home when they schedule maintenance giving you a 24 hour notice, or when you put in a request to fix an appliance. I put on multiple requests to not enter my home without calling first and one of us being home. They didn't listen. One time I put on that on there and I was getting ready for work. The maintenance guy knocked on my door and when he didn't get a response immediately he put the key in the door and started turning it. Mind you I was pulling my shirt on walking down the hallway while he was opening my door. Another time they left the door unlocked to my home. For one I don't want my dogs getting out, nor do I want someone in my place without my being home so I know my things aren't getting stolen. They don't clean up after people. Neighbors leave dog poop all over the place. They blame everyone for it, even though I've shown them the trash bin of my own many times. One time maintenance was banging on the door at 8AM to ask if this large poop outside my door was my 5 lb. dog's poop. Is that necessary? It is way to early, especially for people who work at night, and the poop doesn't even match, AND you know the trash bin next to the door you're knocking on is full of dog poop. They also don't pick up broken glass that is left throughout the rocks after people's parties (it sat there for 5 months), cigarettes, etc. 3 months prior to moving out we were harassed with calls/letters/emails about renewing our lease all within 4 days. Thank you for bombarding us while we are busy.
2	Camden Canyon apartments are very nice inside. I lived in a two bedroom apartment with a roommate for just under a year, and the non-master bedroom still had a walk-in closet and ceiling fan. The balcony was very big, and there was a lot of storage space inside as well as in the balcony closet. If we ever had a problem we needed fixed, it was handled within a reasonable amount of time, and the maintenance staff was very friendly. The property is well maintained, and the neighborhood is within walking distance of Boca Park, Whole Foods, Target, and Vons. I'm giving Camden Canyon two stars for a number of reasons, though. In my opinion, I could've found a better rate for a two bedroom elsewhere if I hadn't been in a bind. Camden Canyon is also the type of property where they drive around and look for expired tags on cars - I saw them do it and I don't appreciate that sort of invasive/unnecessary sort of action.  You also are required to pay $45/month for Cox TV, even if you can live without TV like I can. My biggest problem was with the Camden Canyon staff. When moving out, and breaking the lease to do so (which I've never done), they insisted on the cleaning free up front even though we weren't moving out for 60 days. You also had to pay the lease breaking fee (one month's rent) within 10 days. Much like the tag checking, some staff members butted their heads into business that wasn't theirs. After I had paid half of the lease breaking fee, they went on to ask my roommate why I wasn't paying all of it when I was the one who instigated the move. That sort of drama instigation is clearly uncalled for, especially when I had been in the office less than 24 hours ago taking care of things. They are also unwilling to work with you on (what I believe are) simple things - they will not send the security deposit to only my roommate, when they are well aware that she is the only one who paid the deposit. I also received conflicting information from the staff - one person told me there'd be paperwork to sign off on when the 60 days notice was officially up, and then I was told that wasn't the case. I was told I could turn in my keys early, but then there was an early termination fee on our final bill (which was eventually removed). TL;DR - I wanted out of these apartments enough to break my lease, and it was well worth it. I received much better service and less "red tape" hassle in a more affordable apartment. I won't live in a Camden property again, most likely.
5	The staff at Camden Canyon are very helpful. I have never waited a full 24 hours after putting in a work order to have my needs met. The ladies in the office are very friendly and knowledgable, they have answered all of my questions and address my concerns as they come up. The apartments themselves are nice for the price point. The walls are thick and I have never heard my neighbors. The grounds themselves are nice and quiet. Some tenants aren't good about picking up their dog poop, but other than that I love Camden Canyons! I would highly recommend them to anyone looking to live in the Boca Park area.
5	Have been thrilled with my experience in my lease thus far. The staff here runs a great community; clean, efficient & great service(s) for their residents.As well as great location to highways & entertainment as well as being in the Summerlin Area. Would strongly recommending here for those looking to lease in the Summerlin area.
5	I love Camden Canyon. It's a nice and clean property. Very quiet too. I also love my neighbors. Sometimes I stop by for coffee and they always greet me with a smile. I'm also always asked how is my day and if there is any way they can help. Their pool is great and so is their fitness center. I don't see myself moving out any time soon. Thank you Camden Canyon.
1	The office staff are EXTREMELY CONSERVATIVE and INSECURE.Political opinion mailers are sent to your front door by the staff, insecure old bitter women running the office feel threatened by you if you're too pretty at the pool, and they WILL harass you and arbitrarily try to evict you if they simply don't agree with your politics, religion or lifestyle. They butt into your personal life, and if you have a legal job that they don't approve of, they will find every reason to evict you. Make sure you avoid the office staff as much as possible, and only discuss pertinent rental matters, or I can promise you the entire community there WILL know your personal business. They love to gossip and they are as unprofessional as it gets. Strangers and neighbors you have never met before will suddenly know all about you.Oh, and make sure your car tags aren't expired,they will ticket their own residents.At first glance the apartments look nice, until you realize that the "hood vent" over the kitchen stove doesn't actually vent to the outside. Cooking in your kitchen will fill the place with grease and smoke instantly. Knobs on the showers are reversed- not pleasant for guests. The tubs are installed backwards- you need to take a bath and mind your head not hitting the faucet. Don't bother nagging them about repairs, you will quickly become a nuisance. The fireplaces are outdated, with ugly copper trim like an 80's bachelor pad. And every other door has a  big ugly orange iron gate over it, because apparently doors get kicked in often and there are a few break ins in this "nice neighborhood".Non refundable pet "deposits" (not sure they understand what DEPOSIT means) don't seem to be used for any type of pet maintenance. Turds are all over the grounds. If you don't own a tv or care to watch, tough poop. They will still charge you a $45 fee for cable you don't even use. Office staff is disorganized, make sure you triple check all your paperwork, and don't expect your deposit to be refunded. This place is a joke. It's all about keeping up appearances. But once you scratch the surface, you'll see that it's basically run by very judgmental, conservative and incompetent old bittys, and not professional landlords. Imo the office manager and her friends have been there way too long, and feel they can do anything they want, regardless of tenant rights..  but I'm guessing some of them are either relatives with or friends of the owner who go way back. It's a shame, it does have potential. The staff seems great at first, until they decide they don't like you for arbitrary reasons. Definitely do no discuss politics, religion, or anything at all progressive with them- those ladies are stuck in the 60's.And btw, I spoke with an acquaintance a while back about the issues here, and without even mentioning the name of the apartment complex, I discussed the front office staff, and he said, quote, "Are you talking about Camden Canyon? Yeah I lived there 10 years ago and I had to leave. They're obnoxious".Renter Beware
