5	I'm usually not a big AA fan, but had great customer experience at the Miracle Mile store. A girl names Brionne (I think) helped me and did a great job of helping with sizing and finding some alternates when she couldn't find the size I needed. I know they're basics and all, but she did an exceptional job for a store that probably gets way more lookers than buyers. Will definitely be back.
5	Awesome store, awesome selection!
4	So whenever I go to the miracle mile (every Wednesday)  I always hit up American apparel and urban. This particular store is really neat and organized and I always see the same girl working there. She's really nice and attentive which is completely opposite of what you'd expect. :)
2	I hate American Apparel stores. And this one is one of my least favorite stores. The layout looks cheap and it is very hard to find what you are looking for. If I did not love my girlfriend as much as I do I would not even step foot into one of these stores.Why didn't I give this place a 1? Because everything is made in the good ole' US of A. God Bless us and our low quality, yet expensive and trendy clothes.
1	Ughhh! I am going to restrict my American Apparel shopping to the internet. When I spotted this shop, I thought it was a fake! I never imagined the stores would look like a cross between a broken-down bodega, a Plato's Closet, and a Salvation Army. I was actually waiting for the smell of mothballs and "the indignant" to overwhelm my senses. I picked-up the usual goodies (like knee-high sporty-socks and ironic scrunchies), but as I was swiping my card, I had the feeling of being INSANELY ripped off. This was a $60.00 bill for something I could probably get for $10.00 at a flea-market (there is always some crazy tube-sock dude at those places). Sometimes, the environment can really affected one's perception of the product. (I think we have all bought an obscenely priced pair of sunglasses because a really "nice" sales associate knew just how to sweet-talk us ... umm, that will never happen here. So, no worries about that. I hardly heard the "cashier's" voice ... SHE LITERALLY just said the total. End of conversation. Where is the manager here?). The place was less-than-clean (seriously, it's called a Swiffer, put down the iPhone and use it), poorly organized, less-than-inspiring (bare walls and metal hooks) and staffed by people who clearly don't want to work there. (Put down the phone, try a greeting, attempt a smile, ask your customers if they need help, clean a little, thank a customer when he/she makes a purchase, and grow the &$%# up!)What a waste of space (we were the only people in there ... maybe because there are REALLY nice stores on The Strip with SUPER friendly employees). Seeing this made me lose complete respect for this brand. (And, employees, the place isn't hipster chic ... it's dirty and ugly. I know it may be difficult for you to tell the difference, so just ask yourself, if your stupid iPhone fell on the floor, would you put it back up to your face, or would you drop it in a vat of Purell? Yep, there you go! Get cleaning! And, try it with a smile.)
4	I'm not really sure what the fuss is over this location? Maybe because it's located at the miracle mile shoppes? Someone clarify me.I have been in quite a few American apparel's and yes, this one is laid out differently. That in mind, I had no problem browsing the store and finding some goodies: pencil skirt, chiffon blouse, floppy hat. I did notice the employees pretty blahzaay. I was greeted with a hello.. No "do you need help?" Just a "HI". The only person who helped me was the chick that opened up my dressing room, the other two chicks were standing behind the counter.  Thankfully I'm one who can brush off poor costumer service (to a point) and I don't mind shopping alone/unbothered.... Although a helpful employee always stands out positively.I would imagine something amazing given the location, but besides that it's your typical AA store. I don't see any negatives besides costumer service and they're MICRO mini changing rooms.
4	The American Apparel in the Miracle Mile shops is decent. It's fairly large but has rather janky fitting rooms (note: really tiny) but at the very least they have mirrors in the rooms. There was a decently sized clearance section in the back. I got some nice chiffon secretary blouses here for $36 each. I also got their ruched bras for $7.50. I did have a Groupon for American Apparel, and I was able to use that with little effort.
