3	This particular Cafe Java U location is a convenient spot for anyone who's staying at the neighboring Westin or of course the Intercontinental Hotel for a morning coffee kick.Unlike the earthy feel of so many cafes these days, the decor here is more of a modern and minimalist scheme. Steel counter tops and lots of black, grey and white.Service is friendly enough from behind the counter and they brew a decent drip coffee.
2	Convenient location.  Very "cold" atmosphere and service, absolutely nothing warm or cozy about this place.   Espresso not to up to the standards of many other places.
3	The Skinny: I would have given this place a 4 for it's mean chai latte, however the food isn't so great (3.5) The baristas are quite friendly. I love the ample seating, contemporary decor and the super fast wi-fi.(4) Overall, albeit pricey, this is not a bad place to hang out for a couple hours if you're in the downtown area. (3.5)I was staying at the Intercontinental hotel recently for a conference and stopped by this cafe for a decent caffeine fix.First of all, this place makes a mean chai latte. Even though they were using non-fat milk, their espresso machine foamed it up to spectacular heights making it super luxurious on a chilly fall morning. In addition, they use Oregon Chai Latte Mix which I prefer over the Tazo Chai mix they use over at Starbucks. That being said, you can get a chai latte 1/3rd the size larger for the same price at Starbucks.My friend ordered the equivalent of a cafe misto (which the baristas made for her even though it wasn't on their menu) which she said was especially delicious.I ordered a chocolatine, which is the same as a pain au chocolat, which was okay. It certainly nothing special as the filling was unpleasantly grainy and their puff pastry was overly dense.My friend ordered a smoked salmon bagel with cream cheese which the baristas heated up for her. It appeared as though they used a Fairmount bagel which is a nice local touch. I didn't like that the bagel was pre-made and sitting in the display counter though.The decor is definitely contemporary with ample seating. Their free wi-fi (ask the barista for the password) is super-fast and convenient if you are staying at the Intercontinental. Overall, 3.5 stars.
3	This place brews a solid cup of great tasting drip coffee and is conveniently located near two upscale hotels. Not a bad, place if you want something nearby. I'd liked it better than the Starbucks down the road. The food looked really fresh and the desserts looked delicious. It was a little more than I expected from a lobby coffee shop. The place has a nice layout and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves in the ample seating areas. The service was quick and efficient for one guy making all the drinks as well.
1	We were looking for some light and healthier options late in the afternoon.....so we went into this cafe.I wish we hadn't....the couscous was awful and apparently not fresh. We initially inquired as to when it was prepared and the server said yesterday or earlier today....we returned the full plate to the counter and ended in a conversation with the proprietor. He told us he had it for breakfast and it was fresh prepared today.....well if it made earlier in the am it was made with old ingredients!Begrudgingly he offered a refund or another option.....the best thing we did was pay the bill and leave.Stay away.....
