4	I like this place.  When I was looking to move to Mt. Washington, I certainly did my research on coffee shops because I wanted one within walking distance.  Shiloh Street is interesting to me because I like the mix of Grandview tourists and residents.My first stop at the coffee shop was nice.  The owner is approachable and courteous.  The coffee is good which is important.  Not certain which roaster they use, but they have good hours and open at 7:00 AM.  There is seating outside.My only complaint is the lack of a website.  I wouldn't even mind just a basic website with a menu updated seasonally to reflect any drink specials.  This seems to be a common thread with some of the businesses along Shiloh Street which is one of the core business areas in Mt. Washington.  Perhaps I will offer my pro-bono help with it?
4	In my quest to find the best chai in the city, I stopped into my little neighborhood coffee shop.  The owner talked me into ordering a frozen "frappuccino" blended drink.  I normally don't order these because I know how much sugar and crap goes into these drinks from my coffee slinging years at the Bucks.  Plus, they were the ABSOLUTE worst to make (usually because it was for some bratty tweens).  But...I caved, I'm weak!I CAN tell you though, it was really delicious!  It's hard to make a chai drink blended because they usually ends up tasting like water flavored chai.  I don't know what he did but the consistency was great!  Plus he told me he mixes in a little vanilla and caramel syrup plus a touch of cinnamon.  Now those are some mad Barista skillz!  Outdoor seating is always a plus for a nice day...plus you get all the local yocal gossip!My only complaint is that it's a little pricey.  My drink was $4.75.  I'm out of the Barista biz, is that expensive or am I cheap?!  Nonetheless...I may have a new addiction on my hands ladies and gents.
3	After the hot walk from Duquesne Incline upper station to the Mon Incline upper station, Grand Brew was a welcome respite.  We were able to cool off in the cute shop with a nice, strong iced coffee and a Shot in the Dark, husband's newest favorite coffee drink.  Everyone affiliated with the store was incredibly nice, too; when we walked up the owner was opening up his ice cream shop two doors down, and one of the locals on the patio went and got him for us.  Love the neighborly feel of this place.
3	By chance Darren and I ended up at Grandview with a sweet tooth. We stopped into this little coffee shop. CHAI TEA!!!! Yes I'm a fanatic! I also got one of the chocolate frosted brownies that I saw in the desert case.  The tea was very VERY sweet! If you prefer your chai sweet, then you'd like this place. Me, I like mine more on the spiced side! And the brownie was ok. Not too sweet by itself, but waaaaaaay to much sugar when combined with the already sachrine chai.  I love the location of this coffee shop. Grab a coffee (or tea or hot chocolate) and enjoy the view looking over the entire city not even a block away!  I plan to come back again in warmer weather.
4	Cash only. I love walking here on a weekend morning, especially in the summer to sit outside and get some reading done OR get your coffee to go and walk up and down Grandview. The mocha is fantastic - the barista puts special sugar on top of the whipped cream. My waistline can only afford this treat once a month though!
2	Went in for a latte. Staff member not super friendly and my latte leaned more towards a cappuccino. Take-out cups are Styrofoam -  would love to see this coffee shop along with some others make the switch to more environmentally friendly disposables.
5	Rocking little mom and pop coffee shop! I spent some time in Seattle and this is one of those shops where the owner knows how to make excellent coffee and chai. I personally had the chai (with vanilla) and it was superb. I went just after opening an the pastries had just come out fresh, but they weren't to the level of the chai. But the combination of friendliness, the good tasting chai, and the lovely ambience atop Mount Washington give this place 5 stars even though I personally would give it 4.5 bc of the only slightly above average pastries.
5	A great local coffee shop run by self-proclaimed workaholic Mark Todd. Stop in for a warm beverage. Stay for a while and chat with Mr. Todd.
2	Stopped by for a coffee and I felt as if I was intruding even though the place was empty. Not one word was uttered by the proprietor and was totally unfriendly. I guess you have to be a local to get a hi. Coffee was mediocre at best.
1	A small little coffee shop, nothing special as far as coffee shops go. If you come in expecting comfy chairs and a quiet please to study or read, move on. If the regulars are in here, it's noisy and cramped. Normal coffee and tea offerings, lattes, brewed coffee, cappuccino, and espressos.
1	We stopped in after breakfast for a latte and encountered the proprietor on the phone and trying to take our order as he was talking on the phone.  He had a look on his face as if we were inconveniencing him and we felt rushed and unwelcome.  As we were leaving we had to say thank you and good bye and as he was reading the newspaper he uttered bye with no eye contact.  The coffee was not good and we will not return here.  This establishment is geared towards the locals.
5	Small and quaint. Loved this place. I had the most delicious Espresso Macchiato and Heath Bar Fudge. This place is owner operated and he was so warm and welcoming. Would definitely recommend the coffee here. Was such a nice surprise to be welcomed by Todd (owner). He's worked over 2000 days in a row. Interesting story.Cash only but have an ATM inside.
1	The coffee is bad and the owner is worse.  I went in and I guess all the customers were shocked to see a black guy because conversation stopped and all eyes were on me.     I asked for a cappuccino and the owner didn't like that he had to get up to wait on a customer so he threw a little cup at me and poured me a shot of espresso that tasted like dirt.     I pulled out my card to pay and he barks at me "Cash only."  I didn't notice the ATM at the time or I would've used it but he said "It's okay have a good day.", rushing me out of the shop.     So I got a free cup of crap.  Needless to say I never went back and I always recommend AGAINST this establishment.
1	The owner here is an absolute pig. He hits on young girls and even harassed me to kiss him. I will NEVER go back here, and either should you.
5	I absolutely love this place. The coffee here is easily the best on the Mount. Friendly owner and great service and baked goods to die for!
3	This place was good. Decent coffee. Kind of grumpy service, but maybe she was having a rough day. Really needs a sign that says "cash only."
1	This place is absolutely terrible, what a disappointing end to an otherwise lovely afternoon up on Mount Washington. Coffee was expensive, tasted awful, and the server seemed a little off - not rude, just off. A 3+ dollar "homemade" pastry tasted like a Little Debbie cake. Will never come back here.
