4	Best paintball park in az. Plenty of diverse fields from really small maps that consist of straight shoot outs to large tactical maps. This place has it all trenches, helichopters, rvs,vans,boats,cars,gas stations,swat buildings you name it. The refs are cool guys and the owner is a great guy.Excellent customer service skills always willing to help players with any paintball problem or question they have. This place is probably actually the cheapest to play at and rent your equipment and get paintballs. Great for family and friends you can come get a private group if large enough and have a blast shooting at your plas and fam all day the place is safe legit..bring your own food and drink though..thats the only reason i give em four stars instead of 5!
5	Outstanding paintball experience.  Super excellent customer service. We brought two adults and 6 kids for my son's13th birthday party. Henry went out of his way from the first phone call to insure we would have a great party. Most reasonably priced experience in the valley as compared to Cowtown or Splatter ranch. The trenching was a bonus feature to fight in. Their local rule of head, chest or back shots being the only that take you out of the game made the fight more realistic. The refs were super attentive and flexible concerning game set up. So appreciated the 5 diverse fields and ability for us to have our own field for private play. This is how a recreational business should be run. The competitors should take lessons because now this is the only field we will be playing on.
5	I can only compare to one paintball park, Paintball At Vogelweh R&G Club. So far the 2 times here it was a ton of fun. Divided by fields and one of them is huge with broke down helicopter, busses, etc. Highly recommend!
5	Best paintball park in Arizona. So many fields and great staff. Love this place!
5	Best deal for the money! Great people, and the owner is a down to Earth guy who just wants people to have a good time.
5	Our first visit. I brought my teen and a bunch of his friends. I played also, though was mostly  target practice :) The owner is very cool. The playing fields are awesome with cars, a helicopter and buildings. It's well organized and all the rental gear worked great.
5	Awesome field.Great staff. Best price.Our team plays there pretty much every weekend. Facebook.com/lightsoutairsoft
5	Simply the best paintball Field in Arizona. 3 rec ball fields to play. Very reasonable prices on paint and you can also bring your own paint. Houses, Trenches, helicopters, swat house, cars, etc. great staff and lots of fun.
