4	At 1st, 'ACES' was my go to bar as it is about a 5 minute drive from my house and they were the only bar in the area that has Arrogant Bastard (my fav by the way) and some other Stone and Rogue beers on tap. But, seemingly every time I walk in and ask for Arrogant Bastard they never have any. Happened on more than one occasion and it kinda makes me irritated that I have to drink something that I don't want. The staff and bartenders are friendly and their sweet potato fries are amazing and a must have with your beer.  The Veggie Burger is actually pretty good as well but a bit pricey in my opinion. They also have pool tables, numerous amounts of TVs, and video poker available.  I've never won on the video poker but maybe I just have bad luck when I play there haha. Fights have broken out on more than one occasion while I was there but it's a bar so whaddya expect? Good bar just don't come expecting a beer that might not be there even though it's advertised outside.
4	So after much rave from the beeradvocate members, I head down to the A&A to check things out. What got me here was yesterday they had tapped Firestone Abacus Barleywine and that is pretty rare, and apparently that was the only barrel left in the US. I missed it- All gone...blah. Oh well, so they had a printed out draft list and nearly everything is crossed out and stuff written on the sides as replacements. Glad to see they had good stuff but I was also hella irritated that everything I wanted to try was gone (DogfishHead Fort, Stone Oaked Arrogant Bastard, Stone Old Guardian 07, Firestone Union Jack IPA) and none of the replacements were things I couldnt get or didnt have in the fridge..bummer, it wasnt replaced with another unusual beer this time around. Settled on a Firestone DBA as I havent seen that around. It's a real basic bar but the brews are serious here and I could respect that. It's very typical tavern with not really an ambiance and the ventilation isn't that good ...it was very smoky even though there wasn't much smoking happening when we went. I wish they update their site more often of what brews are going on....I live far away and will come if something worth it is on the tap, a special event or beer geeks decide to unite for a night. Definitely good beer tap, but it'll be a special trip only.
5	Went this past weekend for the Stone Domination event.  I don't know why I didn't make it out here sooner.  I went on Friday and came back on Saturday for more.  It is a bit out of the way, but worth it.  The prices seem pretty standard for craft beers, my tab was about $15 for 2 served in goblets.  Other places in town have a large selection of beers, but usually not on tap, other than Yard House and that does not have the small-bar feeling that I prefer.  I was surprised by how nice the place is on the inside, clean and well-lit, not what I was expecting given the address.  They serve food, which is your standard bar far - the pizza tasted like microwave pizza, but wasn't terrible.  The people there seem friendly, and it is not too hard to get a bartender's attention, even when it was packed on Friday night.  Biggest complaint would be lack of parking when it gets crowded.
5	Vegas Baby!!! One of our favorite destinations to visit for both work and for pleasure. It has become a yearly April tradition - driving up for the broadcast convention, walking the convention during the day, and then, hittin the town at night. But every year - there's always the same dilemma. Once we're on the town, where do we go for good craft beer?I wouldn't say we are beer snobs because we don't make other people feel bad about their lack of beer knowledge. We just enjoy good craft beer. Okay, rather, good craft beer is a necessity in any place we decide to dine or chill.We made our decision. Our first stop would be Aces & Ales. We decided to fly to Vegas this time around so we were a little concerned about the cab fare. We were staying at PH Towers on the strip, and the cab ride wasn't bad. It was well worth traveling off of the strip. Our previous experiences in Vegas had taken us to Triple 7 Brewery (mediocre at best, although cheap) and then Burger Bar (super nice servers, okay selection) and a little pricey. Aces & Ales seemed right up our alley. It ended up being the best decision we made.We cabbed at about midnight and the driver pulled in to the empty lot. You can't miss it - there's a huge, TALL sign that says Aces & Ales. We walked in and the bar was pretty much empty except for a few locals. We expected it to be quiet though since it was a Monday night and it was off of the strip. We were instantly greeted with open arms (I was wearing my Bear Republic shirt, my fiance his Russian River). The super friendly barman Eric instantly chatted us up - and the beer talk began. He showed us the menu - and it was awesome! Not only do they have an insane amount of bottles to choose from, they have an amazing selection of beers on tap - very unique - things we have never experienced before. As soon as I saw Dogfish Head Red and White and my fiance saw Dogfish Head Burton Baton on tap - we knew we were in for a long night. We never thought we'd actually experience good craft beer in Vegas!Then, we met Ryan, one of the owners of the bar, and he was soo nice! It was like we had known him for years - and we talked for hours. And when I say hours I mean HOURS! Before we knew it - it was 4AM!!! That was the coolest part for us! Amazing craft beer available 24 hours a day! I am soo spoiled by our visit. Needless to say we left VERY happy, and with a few good to go bottles under our belts.We were told that Keri, the other owner of the bar would be there on Wednesday, so on our way home, we made a farewell stop to Aces & Ales. He was beyond nice - and it was just soo great having conversation with people that actually know good craft beer! Every staff member we met was super super nice also. We only wished we had a few more hours in Vegas (they were having a Deschutes Jubelale tapping that night). But that's just an example of what types of beer the get in (and they were nice enough to have a sample of it before we left :)The atmosphere is soo cool - pool tables - poker machines at the bar, and Flat Screens which would be great for Sunday football. Just enough of Vegas to make it Vegas without the inflated prices and snobby people. Prices are inexpensive. No $8 Coronas here like they are on the strip. They also have a happy hour from Midnight through the morning.We've since been back numerous times, and were fortunate enough to go back for their Stone Brewery Event, where they even got CEO/co-founder Greg Koch to fly in.  It was an unbelievable experience - getting to try rare collaborations before anyone else!  We also ate there a few times - and couldn't believe the quality of the food - especially for a bar!  The onion rings and sweet potato fries are to die for!  I can't say enough about how great our experience was. If you are ever in Vegas - make you sure you stop by!
5	This place is a MUST for any craft brew fans in Vegas. Amazing quality beer selection as well as a nice collection of Rare specialty bottles. Very knowledgeable and friendly staff, went way above and beyond the call of duty to help me track down a very special beer I had been searching for. I'm planning some weekend trips back to Vegas in order to attend some of their special events and see what's on tap. Their pizza is fresh and delicious goes perfectly with a nice IPA. You'll regret missing this place if you're visiting Las Vegas and enjoy craft beer.
4	On the outskirts of town, just off Boulder Hwy, it's a bit of drive for most people.  But if you are looking for enthuiastic craft beer fans, this is the place.Their events are great, the availability of growlers and bottles also a big plus and incentive to make the trip.  Food is standard bar fare, but really you should be going there for the beer.Attended the Stone event back in June and the Strong Beer Fest in August, both incredible events.  The Stone event was epic and we got to meet Stone Greg!  The Strong Beer event was huge, Friday night the place was packed.  Always a blast!
4	Came for the 2nd day of the A&A 1st Strong Beer Festival. So you buy the commemorative cup and get a free first cup ($15ish I think) and it was $4 after that....or just $8 for a regular goblet. The "tasting cup" was sizeable, about half a usual goblet. I like the idea of getting various taste and some of these are rare so I have no complaints paying the per taste than the usual- drink yourself to a coma- flat rate.Got to try today-  Sierra Nevada Chico IPA, Samichlaus Bier, Deschutes Red Chair, Deschutes Black Butte XXI, Rogue John John Juniper, Kasteel Donker, Red Hook IPA (they were pouring for free!), Joseph James Red Fox.  I got some onion rings and they were solid bar food rings. The minus was that it was hot inside. It was packed in there so I'm sure the body heat doesn't help, but this place isnt really well ventilated and made for it being stuffy.I was going to try to go to all days, but it was hard to do. Just getting here is hard....I think next time it might be worth my while to buy a growler of beer to bring home something worthwhile a trip (price depends on the rarity, but growlers are pretty reasonable- $15-$20+).
4	I came down here to attend the Strong Beer Festival.  This was my first visit to this joint....and I was really impressed with it.I am impressed by the staff here.  The bartenders & waitresses were very friendly and knowledgable about all of the beers they had on tap.  I was told by a regular that the owner of the bar (who happened to be working behind the bar helping out) is a beer connoisseur who will frequently bring in awesome craft beer for everyone to enjoy for short periods of time.  The regulars also told me he's really cool and loves to hangout with the guests.  This is the kind of bar I love....too bad it's 10,000 miles away from my house.....not quite that far, but it's too far to make it a regular hangout.I also like how there are 3 pool tables in the bar with 2 in a separate room and 1 near the main bar.  Usually you find them crammed together in one location and people get in each other's way.  Not here...you can shoot pool near the bar or if you prefer to hang with just pool players, go into the other room.The beer for the Strong Beer Festival was awesome too....here's a rundown of what I can remember drinking:Ballast PointSculpin IPA - 3 of them...one of my favorites from the night.Dogfish Head CraftOld School Barleywine (15% abv) - this was very sweet...didn't really like it.Fort  (18% abv) - this was even sweeter than the Barleywine....and got me hammered.Sah'tea - This was my favorite  of the 3 from DogfishRogue BreweryXS Imperial IPA - really enjoyed this, but very bitter.Firestone IPA - Another solid one...I've had it before.Deschutes BreweryHop Henge IPA - Very good, one of my favs of the nightJubel 2010 - This is another solid beer.....the bartender Tony suggested I try it....I had 2 or 3 of these, can't remember.Tenaya CreekHop Ride IPA - yummy....I tasted this at the Beerfest @ the Art District.....had a lot of it that day, so I only had one Fri night.Will I return?  Next time I'm on this side of town or next Strong Beer Festival!
4	Well I love craft beer, so I was anxious to find a good place to check out new beers in Vegas.  I read up all the reviews for months before we finally moved here and it seemed like Aces & Ales was definitely the place to be.  We finally were able to visit the bar for the strong beer fest, and the beer list is AWESOME. The prices were pretty average for craft beer ($8 for 12oz), but I noticed that they have a really great happy hour - $4.50 for 12 oz - every day from I think 10pm to noon. The staff was super friendly and helpful, but they were definitely a little overwhelmed with the big crowd for the strong beer fest.The minuses are definitely the Boulder Highway location - it will have to be a special occasion for me to drive all this way. Also, I wish the ambiance had a little more to offer than an old Big Dog's Tavern with the lights up super bright. Overall, 4 stars, mostly because of the general lack of craft beer in this town.
4	Best craft beer bar in town, great events.
4	I came for the 1st Annual Strong Beer Festival, but will stay for the friendly staff and great selection of beer. On our way to A&A we got a little lost, but were able to find it. It is situated on the East Side of town near Sam's Town & Boulder Station. The first thing I noticed other than the very full parking lot, was all the microbrew and craft beer posters and ads on the outside of the bar. Not your typical "Coors Light" or "Corona" signs here. Walking in we were greeted with a fairly large bar area to our front and some pool tables to the left. The bar itself is pretty large with lots of video poker is that is your thing. Because it was pretty full, we went to the back of the bar area to find a table. Once the waitress made her way over to our table (it took a while because it was so busy) she was very friendly and helpful. After that point she was great for the rest of our time there. Looking at what they had on tap at that time (not for the Festival) and it was a good mix of styles and local and non-local brews. As far as the Festival goes, the selection was incredible! Many different styles from many different brewers. The staff was very passionate about these beers, and it was obvious. I am really looking forward to my next visit and the many beers I will sample at A&A.
4	Great local bar for beer lovers.Real beer.
5	Craft beer selection is second to none here in Las Vegas.  Keep a look out for there festivels and events.  Great barteners that a very up on the beers they have on tap.
4	Aces and Ales is a beer snob's heaven.  I've grown to love the craft beers of America, the IPA's, the darker ales, and the stouts.  Aces and Ales has the finest selection of on tap craft beers than anywhere in Las Vegas, including Yard House, and even my favorite bar, the Draft House.  I've had a few Stone brews, including the 14th Anniversary on tap, a couple of Deschutes brews, and Lagunitas.  A few of these I've had to-go in growler bottles!I suppose the only complaint that I could muster is that the prices can be a tad bit steep.  Average growlers go for around $40, and beers around the $7 range.  However, these beers are all of the highest quality beers in the US, and perhaps the world.  The range of amazing beer selection is huge with a big chalkboard on the back wall listing all of the day's taps (usually around 20-30 beers).The local Homebrew Club also hangs out here.  On Fridays (I think every other Friday) some of these guys get together and share beers that they've collected, and chat about beer.  If you want to learn about the world of craft beer, this is the place to be.
5	I'm a new fan of this place. I just wish it wasn't all the way on the other side of the valley. Hows about opening one on the west side?I'm fairly new to the craft beer scene. In fact, I used to not care for beer at all. I'm really enjoying what I've discovered recently. My buddy is a beer snob and has been schooling me on the finer points of the brew. Honestly, it all goes over my head. I just know what I like.We finally made it down to Aces & Ales because of a Deschutes-related event they had on Saturday night. My friend is all about this Oregon brewer and he didn't want to miss this opportunity.As soon as we stepped in the door, we wasted no time. I asked the bartender about her favorite Deschutes. I put my trust in her and ordered the Jubel 10. It was probably a little strong for my first drink of the night. At 10%, it definitely got me going and I never looked back. It's not really my type of beer, but I still enjoyed it.Next up on my itinerary was the Hop Henge, followed by the Hop Trip. I thoroughly enjoyed both beers, but I'd give the edge to the Hop Henge. It's a little sweeter and exactly what I hope a good IPA would taste like.I took a break from the Deschutes and tried the Sah'Tea by Dogfish Head. It's supposedly infused with some chai tea. It was OK, but not really my cup of tea (pun intended). After that, I rounded out the night by switching back to the Hop Henge.Somewhere in the midst of all this beeration, we ordered an interesting menu item - Wisconsin Fried Cheese Curds. It just sounded intriguing on the menu and it was even better in real life! Those cheese curds were perfectly breaded and fried, and were incredibly light and delicious.The down side to all this hoppy goodness is the price. We spent a good amount on the night, but you get what you pay for. We also got to meet the owner of Deschutes. He offered to give us a free round, but by that point, our ride had arrived so we had to bounce. Our consolation was a free Deschutes glass.
4	As a beer geek, I made the trek way off the strip to Aces and Ales...and when I say way off the strip, it is WAY OFF the strip. However, once I found this hole in the wall, hard to miss location with it's huge sign, I found a very unpretentious place to enjoy an amazing beer, or two, or three (actually, I had five the day of my visit). The beers come from all over...though they don't have many taps and virtually no bottles, all the beers are great!!! The wait staff is friendly, though not always knowledgeable about what is on tap...but who cares. All I need my wait staff to do is pour the beer, hand it to me, and then leave me alone as I sip and enjoy. I also had lunch here, which is not recommended unless you really love bar food (I do not!). Some items on the menu seem over priced, but you could care less if you're hungry and need something to wash down all that beer with!!!If you love beer and have time to drive off the strip, make sure to visit Aces and Ales!
4	super great place wth high end beers at an extremely down to earth no frills un-doucher habitat. that being said it does suck ordering a raririty of a beer seldom seen in these parts and after paying somewhere around 6.50 it is brought to you in a tiny white wine glass. now before you go throwing your arms in the air, shaking you double chin, screaming "this is proposterous" and dropping your monocle in your over zealous glass of Pliny the elder i am somewhat of a beer aficionado my self. I do understand why certain high ABV beers are served in a goblet but a tiny white wine glass does permit of at lest one eye brow to be raised.great ever changing draft beer selection that doesnt even warrant a look at the bottle list. Ive had the pepperoni pizza that left much to be desired with the pre made frozen crust but the belgium pomme frittes are astounding to be modest. fried extra crispy with copius amounts of maytag blu cheese and REAL CHOPPED BACON!!!!!! trust me one appetizer is a meal for two people.the staff is extra friendly and while some may not be as beer savy as the patrons they are definitely eager to get your feed back.this place puts Freaking Frogs draft list to shame. Not sure about the bottle selection but like i said no need here! their draft list changes faster than your kids fashion sense. Plus they are consistently hosting amazing brewer shindigs and events.minus one star purely for the aforementioned price versus "goblet"bottom line. you like fantastic craft beer then get your non Reinheitsgebot butt up and go!
1	Hmm, let's see here... The beer selection is good for Vegas. The first bartender was friendly, but she couldn't tell me much about the rather eclectic draft selection of about 15-20 beers, which is on a chalkboard by name only--you don't know what a SuperBrau Fallen Angel is? Too bad, that's not on the board and the bartender might not know much about it.Another reviewer mentioned something about a soapy glass. When I read the review I thought "wtf". When I got two beers here in soapy glasses I thought "SERIOUSLY WTF !@#$%?!" I know it's the desert, but rinsing glasses is neither difficult nor expensive.Now for the real issue--the prices and service. I ordered a Tenaya Creek Hop Ride, a local IPA which was listed on the chalkboard. It came in a 10oz goblet (for a 'normal' IPA? really?). When I went to pay my tab, they'd charged me $8 for a Moylan's Hopsickle triple IPA, which they didn't even have! My other beer was a trippel, which was $6 for a goblet. I tried to ask the bartender who'd given me the check, but he was so quick to drop my check I couldn't ask and so slow to come back I'd run out of patience. I left no tip for the first time in 5+ years and got the hell out of there. I'd understand a bartender in a hurry on a busy night, but it was 8pm on Monday night and there were maybe 15 people in the whole place for two bartenders.I understand Las Vegas is less of a beer town even than Salt Lake City, but this place is inexcusable even in Las Vegas. Soapy glasses and incompetent service shouldn't happen anywhere, especially not at a place in BFE across from a trailer park that charges this much. Looks like it's back to drinking beer from bottles in the hotel room for me.
4	Fantastic bottle selection. If you know to ask for a list. The taps are clearly displayed on a chalk board that is easy to see but there is no mention of the bottles on that or the menu. When I initially asked my waitress about their Deschutes selection she said they had what was on the board. I told her I was looking for a specific beer that I was told they had she seemed really confused. To be fair it was her second day but I would think one should know on day 1 that there is a list of bottled beers. Or that there are bottled beers there period.That little snafu aside, this place was great. My only real complaint is the smoke. Being from the North East I am no longer used to smoke in my bars -- in fact I LIKE not having it, even as an occasional smoker -- and some good ventilation to get rid of the smoke would have been nice.
5	Went back two nights later after my boyfriend and I ran a race in Boulder Dam and one of the bar managers was there. We had a fantastic night! They had a great selection of beers on the list and we stayed for hours. I again got the fried cheese curds. A-MAZING! I have no idea what this soapy glass business that people complained about. I didn't see a single one.This is definitely a hike from the strip but it is by far the best beer selection we saw in Vegas. Also, the prices are very reasonable and you can get a good beer, with an actual taste, for the price of crappy beers on the Strip.
4	Came here for the Winter Beer Fest on a Saturday afternoon.  As usual, tasting glasses were $15 for the 1st round (you keep the glass) and each round after that is $4.  Not bad!  The lineup of Beer was pretty good, but not as good as the Summer Beer Fest in my opinion.  We arrived at 12:30 pm and here's a list of Beer I had:Stone Double Dry Hopped IPAStone Smoked Porter w/Chipotle PeppersBallast Point Brewing Company Dorado Double IPAStone Imperial Russian Stout Bourbon BarrelStone Smoked Porter w/Vanilla BeansBallast Point Brewing Company Sculpin IPABig Dog's Sled Dog StoutBig Dog's War Dog Imperial IPAMoylans Brewery Kilt LifterJoseph James Barrel Aged Desert DawnThey were all very good.  My favorites were the Stone Smoked Porter w/Chipotle Peppers.....I should have ordered this with a Burger.  Instead, I ordered a 16" Margherita Pizza ($13).  The Pizza was awful.....0 Stars.  I'm a Pizza lover too and I'm very tolerable about bad Pizza....but this one was soooo bad.  The crust was tough like cardboard and the ingredients were subpar.  You're not suppose to use regular Tomatoes on a Margherita Pizza....but that's what they did and they were bland.  Blech.  Ken M ordered Fish Tacos and he loved them.....I think I ordered the wrong menu item.  Oh well, next time I'll try a Burger.Overall, it was a good time.....I wish this place was closer to my neighborhood.  Return Factor - 99.9%
3	We stopped in on a Sunday afternoon for their Winter Beer Fest that had been promoted throughout the valley. Despite all of the promoting they did, it seemed as though we were the only 'Non-Regulars' in attendance. It also seemed as though the 'Regulars' didn't care so much about the Winter Beer Festival. This is more of a Vegas issue than an Aces and Ales issue in my opinion.The beer selection was pretty awesome, and only cost $4 each after the initial souvenir glass purchase of $15. We shared an order of the Nachos, which was more than enough food.Beware: The cigarette smoke in this place is pretty overpowering. The bartenders cater to smokers. Smoking isn't technically allowed by law; however the bartenders supply smokers with Altoid Can ashtrays.Final note: The neighborhood this place is located in leaves something to be desired.
5	Being that I live completely on the other side of town, I have only been here for a local home brewers meeting held the second friday of every month called SNAFU.Now the owner treats the club nice and runs specials for us on their beers, but I have to say, I have tasted some of the finest $5 pints I have ever had at this bar.Nobody in town has more unique beers, let alone to be sold at that price. This review is based on the beer, but the food always looks and smells delicious, although I usually eat before the meeting so I have not tried it.
4	Came here to see a friend of mine's band perform a show.  Since the bar is further than 30 minutes from where I live, I doubt that I will be coming here much, but I generally liked what I experienced.If you're a beer aficionado, then this is the place for you.  It is a dive bar, and it is in a sketchy neighborhood, but that seems to add to its charm for some reason.  For it's wide selection of beers, you will be happy to know that the prices are extremely reasonable.  The smoke isn't overwhelming either, and the place is well-ventilated, so you can actually breathe inside.My friends ordered nachos, sweet potato fries and jalapeno poppers.  All three were delicious, but I found the most enjoyment from the sweet potato fries.  The bar was large and roomy, with pool tables and your standard bar games like shuffleboard and Golden Tee (which I am just as bad at as I am actually playing golf).  The only con I can think of is that I didn't think it was a great place for live music.  Stage lighting is kind of bleh, and they have a railing in front of the stage for some reason, so if you're short like me it can block the musicians.  I will definitely come back whenever I am in the east side of town.
4	My friend Keith and I were bottling our first homemade Ale last night and we thought we should go drink some real Ale.  Where better to go than Aces and Ales!  I had heard about this bar about a year ago after watching Zane Lamprey live.  He had gone to Aces and Ales for his drinking show so I put it on my list.  When we walked in I was very worried that the bartender wouldn't give us a first, let alone, a second look.  The bar seemed to be filled with regulars and here we were, two guys in boatshoes plus a pregnant lady.  Despite my reservations, we sidled up to the bar and, like a flash, there was the bartender.  Needless to say she was probably the best bartender ever!  If we even thought about looking at the bar she was ready to take our order.  On a more important note, I'm a fan of beer and they have plenty of it.  I think we tried about 8 different Ales as well as some delicious pretzel bites.  I am definitely going back here.  Judging by the buzz I still have from last night, it was money well spent!
4	I'm a fan, for sure.  Best place in town to get rare microbrews! They have a rotating selection on draft, so there's always something new to check out.The dudes who run the place know a lot about beer and are always happy to chat with you about particular beers, styles or breweries.  They also have festivals (Winter Ales, Strong Beer) throughout the year where folks can come in an get smaller samples of special beers. (NB: these are not your typical beer festival where an entrance fee covers unlimited tastings; you buy a small (7 oz) glass and then pay a reduced price for a 7 oz tasting of beer.)They have a large menu that even includes a few vegan and several vegetarian options!  They also serve booze if you wanna bring a beer-hating date.They sell (unopened) bottles of rare beers to take home to enjoy, and also growlers of draft beer.  Prices are a little on the high side, but worth it if you love craft beer.Lots of TVs for sports fans, pool tables, and video poker too (hmmm, wonder if the play $20/drink free thing is valid for high gravity beers - if so, I'm becoming a gambler), if drinking isn't enough entertainment on its own.
4	Aces & Ales is off the beaten path, but is a great place for craft beers.  They have a lot of beers that you can't find anywhere else in town.  The staff is friendly and knowlegeable.   The food is quite tasty as well.  They also host a lot of events where breweries like Stone and Lagunitas come in, take over the taps and have meet and greets with the owners and brewmasters.  It can get a little pricey, but that's the price of good craft beer.
3	All in all a good bar. Beer is reasonably priced for such rare varieties. I had never seen about 80% of the beers on the menu. Their selection tends toward IPAs, so be prepared. Kind of light on seating, there's a regular bar counter with video poker machines and a few tables. There seems to be a room just for parties, it was closed off the night I went. Also they don't have much parking. We were directed to park at the adjacent gas station.
5	I frequent vegas 3 times a year on average and have never had a great beer until I came here. generally crap beer flows freely around vegas but this place steps up the game. unbelievable beer selection, by far the best I have seen in vegas. great taps and rare bottle selection. live music and pool too. what else is there? do yourself a favor and go
4	Its got a divey feel and fabulous beer. Add to that an interesting mix of patrons and decent eats. What do you get? A great bar to hang out in. It's never too loud - so you can actually carry on a conversation with someone. And if you are a beer snob (which I just so happen to be), you can sip some very fine quality beers here - and all while mixing and mingling with other beer connoisseurs.
5	A heaven for beer geeks!  Fantastic craft beer on tap, a great crew of people behind the bar, and fair prices!  I only wish this were closer to my home!
5	Went here Last week of June 2011.Came on the recommendation of my hubby, with my hubby : *Was impressed with the selections on tap and discovered one of my new favorites "Monk's Cafe Flemish style sour red". Just delicious.The bar is painted a really pleasing palette of deep jewel tones! I'm such a girl.Tried a lot of things that day.They play great music, I was singing to a lot there!I can't wait to go back for karaoke night :)Looking forward to the next strong beer tasting Aug 12,13,14!!!!!
4	Friggin love this place. Anyone that appreciates great beer and an awesome environment this is the place for you.Just an amazing selection of different beers for you to try. The guys runnin the joint know their beers..no BS'n goin in here.So if you wanna ditch the trendy crap at the Yardhouse, punish your liver,or just try somethin new come hit this place up it will not let you down.One of my top places to go in the states to try good beers from all over.
5	I can't sing enough about this place and the only bad thing I would say is, dammit this place is far from my house,but well worth the half hour trip.I live on the opposite side of town, fine. On with the pleasantries, commander:Came here for our 9th anniversary! JUST to enjoy something not tapped on the west coast EVER- 120 min dogfish head...and it didn't disappoint.Just enjoyed the 2nd annual strong beer festival 2/3 days. Was kinda tired of driving and we tried A LOT of great beers,so many that I had to rearrange my favorites list. All of them are craft beers :)We are getting to the point to where if they haven't quite gotten our names down, they certainly know our faces and hand us the list of craft on tap!I love places like that.This time we tried food (I kept hearing it was awesome, and I've only ever gone there to drink!) We had fried cheese curds, wings, and parmesan fries. I though all were amazing,especially the fries!!! They tease you when someone walks by with a tray of em. lolThe music was awesome last night and we met some people both in town and from CA that were all there for the same purpose-drink beer you can't find anywhere else!SO of course I'll be back. :D
4	Do you like good beer? Do you like a big selection of bottles and taps? If you answered yes to these two then Aces and Ales is your place. This place is way off of the strip but if your tired of 3 foot margaritas and domestic watered down beers, then get your ass over here and drink the good stuff. I came here for the 2nd Annual Strong Beer Festival that lasted all weekend. They really stepped up to the plate and hit a home run on the brews they got in. Really rare stuff that is tough to find in bottles let alone on tap. They set it up for 27 new beers on tap Friday through Sunday. Check the site for a list of stuff as there are just too many to list. The food there is your typical pub food and was ok nothing to spectacular although the Rosemary Garlic Fries are to die for. Pizza is pretty decent but my advice is don't get the fish tacos as they were not good at all. Big ups to the owner for passing out hot wings that were HOTTER than the surface of the sun. I think they were ghost chili...and I will never eat those again as I felt like Mike Tyson punched me in the stomach....CHEERS!!!!!
5	Great LOCAL hang-out. No slots, No bling, but a WONDERFUL slice of life in Vegas. Live music was great. The on-tap selection is what you go to this place for.. Fell in love with the beers available. OMG! and the prices for the bar-food was good.. The bartender made us feel like regulars immediatley. I ordered a Dog-fish Ale and it was already tapped out, still he brought me a glass from the bottom of the barrel "on the house"--and it was PHENOMENAL! This ain't ritzy Vegas. but its the real deal We are in our 50's and felt perfectly at home in a bar filled with 30 somethings. It was a great find and we will DEFINITELY find out way back.Gotta try the WORST BEER! Freaking AWESOME!!!!!
4	Stumbled across this place on Yelp while looking for good beer bars in Vegas.  This is quite a ride from the strip.  We made a visit while we had a rental car and it was still a haul.  We originally came with the intention of eating while we were here, but this place is definitely more bar than it is eatery.  They were having some sort of Hawaiian \ Maui Brewing promo.  The whole place was decked out like a Tiki bar and there was some sort of buffet food available for no extra cost.  Seemed like a large crowd of locals, but the bartender was very welcoming.  She went over the tap list with us (which was pretty extensive for Vegas) and then she offered up the specials which were a coconut porter or a pineapple hefeweizen.  We went with the latter and although it was $5 \ can she gave us 3 cans for $10.  It wasn't half bad.  Pretty tasty.  We were looking for some good grub so we passed on the buffet and ended up going elsewhere for dinner.  Would go back if I was looking to get my drink on while in Vegas.
5	A&A What can I say this place? Other than the best beer choices in Vegas, delicious food, and cool staff. The music is rocking, pool tables to play on, and open all the time. I've been going for the past two years, I think I went in the first week they were open, and I've never had a bad experience there. Alice Cooper played here!It's a bit of a drive for me but worth it for the beer and the community that is drawn to it. I run into at least one person I know every time I go in.
4	This is my favorite craft beer bar in Vegas. Only thing that sucks is the single location theyu have is on the ass-end other side of town for me since I moved, sad Daizee.      The taps have about a week long stay here, epic. I understand if you find what you like, you usually try to stick with it, but call me adventurous. I am always game to taste the 31 flavors. In addition to that, they sometimes pick up some extremely rare, or in some cases, "mistakes" from notable breweries. If I'm not mistakened, they featured the Lucky Bastard by Stone Brewing Co. I think the bartender mentioned it was made by error whilst doing another one opf their signatures, but they still went with it, and distributed only 60 kegs. A & A picked up 2, and I was extremely fortunate to taste, and buy a growler of the accident child. Dee-lish.      Only downside is the PA system when they have live entertainment. Too much feedback, and sometimes the people performing, for lack of a better word, suck. Other than that, if you're a beer snob, you gotta come down there. Do a tasting, don't just stick to one. Get it while it's there, cuz they are constantly updating the beer menu. Kinda hard to find, and in a somewhat questionable side of town, but I love good beer and variety. I need to revisit soon. Fun times.
5	This place is great! I forgot to Yelp it last night when we were there.Anytime we're on the east side of town and want to get a beer, we get it here. We live on the west side of the valley so we take any opportunity we have to visit Aces and Ales on Nellis and Twain. The have lots of craft beers on tap as well as the regular stuff, full bar, kitchen and gaming. They've also got a shuffle board and a couple of pool tables. The bartenders are great, especially Sumi (I hope that's how you spell her name!) We went there about four months ago with some friends and she remembered us! Last night she greeted us once we stepped in. She also remembered our friends and where we were coming from that night as well as what we had for dinner!We heard rumors of an Aces and Ales possibly opening up closer to us westies???Take a look at the rest of the reviews for A&A. A lot of people make the trek out to this place--that says a lot. Let me mention again that it's at Nellis and Twain. It's not the best of neighborhoods but we've never had a problem with that.
4	Hubby found this place on yelp and wanted to check it out, since he's a huge beer snob.  We were impressed upon entering the establishment: very high ceiling, a trendy warehouse feel to the bar, and unpretentious bar staff.  Hubby had the Nogne O, which he quickly proclaimed to be the best beer he has ever drank.  I am not a beer drinker, but greatly enjoyed my ahi tuna sandwich (the wasabi mayo was lovely!).  I WANTED to try the deep fried oreos (what? what??), but I was too stuffed from my sandwich, piggie that I am.I'm giving this place 4* because of the cig smoke.  Yes, yes, I KNOW that casinos are allowed to have smoke -- and Aces and Ales has a few electronic gambling machines -- but the smoke really bugs me.  Before all you smoky types tell me not to go to places with smoke, I will say: I normally avoid smoky places!  I wanted to support my hubby's fledgling yelp search and check out Aces.  We won't be back for a while, partly because of the smoke, but mainly because of how far it is from home (we live in the NW part of town, aka California....ha).  Very impressed with the nice gal behind the bar.  :)
5	Great beer, Cool Venue, out of the way and divey. Basically everything I was looking for.
2	I'm only reviewing the beer that was at Brew's Best Beer Fest :) I attended the Fest in March & just last weekend.. This year your beer was better than what it was in March. In March it was super warm but you had no tent over you.. This year I had the stout & it was horribly flat.. and lacking some flavor.. The full body color was their but tasted like budlight.. lol. But you had a tent & it was nice & cold :)My husband & I will still be stopping by one of your locations to experience the "in house" beer & food experience.. so no worries :)
5	I freakin' love Aces and Ales!! We go hear weekly just for the BBQ chicken pizza. They have great prices on the food and beer. Their staff is ALWAYS friendly! I could go on and on about this wonderful establishment. Just go and see for yourself how amazing they are!!!
4	Yuuummmmy beeer!!I can not wait to get back to this place. Great selection and decent service. For instance, the regular staff is okay, but the owner and someone behind the bar who seemed close to him were just stellar. They will talk to you about what you like, what you are drinking and upcoming events.I will try the food next time, heard it's great.
3	I have wanted to try this place for awhile and finally had the opportunity.  The beer selection offerings were amazing (for Vegas) and I was excited to try a lot of beers I had never had before. However, I quickly learned that this place may have a wide variety on the chalkboard but most of them are sold out.   The selection seems to be heavy handed on IPAs. Despite the fact that four of the six beers I ordered in my flight (from the menu that was printed that day) were unavailable I would like to go here again. Vegas needs more places like this. If the beers they advertised were in stock I would give them five stars.
5	If you are into good strong craft beers that are nicely priced you will most certainly love this place. Bar food is usually really predictable and good if your drunk. This place does not have bar food, its better than most places that specialize in just food. Yum! I just wish it was located on my side of town.
5	Hands down the best beer drinkers bar in Vegas!! I'm a fan of good craft beer. Not the same ol craft beer that the bars with 3 craft beers carry. I'm talking exotic hard to find amazing beer! The owners know whats up with good beer at Aces. They have over 20 taps and they are always changing. Ive even met a couple of the main brewers from a few of my favorite brewery's there during some of their beerfest's(Which are a must go if you've never been to one. They hold them often. I think theres one this month). My only complaint is that there isn't one closer to my house. lol. I drive 20 minutes just to go there and its worth it every time. Oh yeah & the food is unlike any other bar/restaurant Ive ever ate at. The cooks are always on point & the food is high end for a bar. Aces and Ales is the definition of Quality w/ Quantity :) Did I mention Keri Kelli from Alice Cooper is one of the owners! Met him a couple times there and got to have a beer with him. Super cool guy! If you ha vent been to this bar & your a fan of good beer do yourself a favor and check it out.
4	Why can't you be located closer to my home??What an awesome locals bar with the beer lineup that belongs in the shmanciest casino on the strip. Stopped in for their First Annual Winter Fest, the Superbowl playoffs were also in full swing. Even though the bar was packed, the bartender made sure we didn't wait long to give them our order. The staff was helpful, friendly and efficient.The place wasn't too loud, so we were able to hold a conversation. The atmosphere was comfortable. Lots of TV's to watch.We got a plate of their Arrogant Bastard chili cheddar cheese fries ($6.75). Perfect size to share while snacking with your drinks. They were bar food fantastic...crispy seasoned fries smothered with tomatoey chili and gooey cheddar. The plate was clean in no time.We had a great time. We will definitely go back and hang out, try more beer and food. Maybe convince them to open another location on my side of town.
4	I had the fortunate opportunity to attend the Winter Beer fest in January thanks to winning tickets from Yelp! This place is a bit out of the way, but I was lucky to have a vehicle since my mother currently lives in Las Vegas. I Love Beer and my mother knows that. She too likes to knock 'em back, so it wasn't difficult convincing her to come check out this event with me. We had several options for seating when we arrived and I noticed the shuffleboard not being played in the side room, so we decided to play a couple matches with our beer tastings. The servers were extremely friendly as well as the bartenders. Had the chance to try some Joseph James Brews which I had never heard of since we don't get their beers in Portland. The Stout was awesome. My mother hadn't ventured out much in Stouts and Now she is a fan! We had a blast playing Shuffleboard and tasting beers, I think my Mom even had more fun then me! =) For the Beer Lovers, this is the place to Go!!! Thank you again Yelp!
4	I have been to Aces twice for their winter beer fest. It's a fantastic place for craft beers. Recently they have added more (and more comfortable) seating as well as new flat screen tvs.Again I can only give Aces 4 stars because they need to open another location by me. I can't be forking over 55$ for a cab ride every time that I want to drink some beers. The beers are so good! Food is decent and fairly priced. Service can sometimes be spotty, but the last two times I have been there it's been very good.
4	Went around 1 in the afternoon so needless to say it was pretty empty despite the few old, lonely, and sad alcoholics. The bartender was nice and let me try a bunch of samples. The place is kinda dark but you can tell it goes off at night.They have a pretty awesome bottle selection if you want to take any home. I found a bottle of dogfish head that I had never tried called My Antonia. If you are from California you may be happy to hear to you can bring in ANY grower and they will fill it up for half price during certain days so call ahead and find out when they are.
5	My wife and I can't say enough about this place.  We had our wedding reception here, and it was perfect.  We're unconventional, and we didn't want a big production, so we booked their private party room based off the excellent reviews they already had on Yelp.  We couldn't be happier with the results.  The manager Jeff Urbanski and his staff were AMAZING!  They were so attentive and genuinely excited to have us there.  (by the way, Jenna you rock!)  The appetizers and food were excellent, well beyond bar food expectations.  Then there's the beer list.  This is the list by which I will measure all other bars.  I know it's not fair, but it'll be my burden to bear.   The list is LEGENDARY! We love this bar and wish it wasn't 1800 miles away.  Jeff thank you soooooo much and we will be back as soon as we're in Vegas again!
5	I love this place. It has a very local feel. Some of the best staff in Vegas. They're very knowledgeable about the craft beers served, and very personable. If you enjoy craft beer not found anywhere else in Las Vegas, and service, you must make this a stop.
4	When I lived on the East side, I would go here a lot to watch football (Until I caved and got the NFL ticket). They have some of the best bar food I've ever had. Being from Wisconsin, I assumed their cheese curds would be shit, but they were shockingly ALMOST as good as the ones from back home! Their burgers are so large I usually split it with a friend. The staff is really nice, and after signing up for their gaming stuff, I am always getting coupons in my mailbox.
4	I had been anxious to try this place for quite a while.  During my most recent Vegas trip, I was able to stop by here before going home.After checking their tap list online, I saw they had Dogfish Head's Immort Ale.  Since I had never had that, or seen it available in LA, I made the effort to get there.  It's not located near most of the other areas I go during a stay on The Strip, and it does require driving (which is a never-do for me in Vegas) or a substantial cab fare.  The closest recognizable landmark that I saw was Sam's Town.This place is huge, but it was empty when I went in the afternoon.  They have pool tables, darts, and video gambling machines.  They had classic bar food that I did not see or try.The beer prices are reasonable.  One great thing is that the ALWAYS have Rouge Hazelnut Brown Nectar for $4.  If you go here with a girl, have her order that and she'll love it.The bartender was more beer-knowledgeable than a typical Vegas bartender, but she was not knowledgeable enough for me.  I had to guess at some of the beer styles based on the names, and she did not know who brewed some things, or where they were brewed.My best advice:  Check there tap list online (they have daily specials too).  If there is something that interests you that you cannot get at your favorite craft beer bar back home, go here.  Actually, if you're a craft beer fan, go here and support.  They also support homebrewers, and the local club hold their meetings there twice a month.
5	Convinced my friends to drive a bit away from the strip to visit this place and very glad we did.On tap they had a great list of beer, but the real surprise was their bottle list.  We grabbed a 2010 Bourbon County Stout and an Abyss.  Our server was knowledgeable enough to mention their vintages and even confirm we were okay getting young bottle of the Abyss.  Price-wise everything was pretty moderate, or compared to the beer prices on the strip...much cheap.We also enjoyed all the food items.  A friend got the seared tuna salad and was pleased with the light sear on the tuna.  Their BBQ burger was excellent as well.  We also got the cheese curds and pretzel bites, I highly highly recommend both.If you're near the Vegas Strip with a car, its in your best interest to drop by and check this place out.
5	Best beer bar, if you like craft beer. They run different events from time to time, like Stone Domination and the three day strong ale fest. Friendly place with no crap on tap.
5	Tried this place out because of a Groupon. This place is awesome, and it's really unfortunate that it's so far away from my house. I'd probably live there. The bartender was sweet, our pizza was pretty damn good, at least for Vegas, and the beer/ale menu consisted almost entirely of stuff I've never of. Yay! I love exploring new beers. The atmosphere perfectly fine for a bar, plenty of pool tables scattered around the building, nice and dark, plenty of tv's, but they're all over the bar, not EVERYWHERE. I appreciate that;  I'm not a big fan of tv's 5 inches from my face in every direction. Oh, it's smoker friendly, so be prepared!
5	First time going all that way for some craft beer I have been reading bout for some time now. Was greeted by some of the nicest bartenders, and servers! Nachos are huge and the sweet potato fries where perfect! I loved all my craft beers and can't wait to make the drive out there again! That's my kinda bar!
4	Very good selection of craft beers, decent atmosphere and some of the best has-been cock-rock bands in town!
5	This is the best beer bar in Vegas. No contest. This place is proof that a loving God wants his children to be happy. Also I saw no mention anywhere of Bud Miller and Coors: I almost kissed the owner on the mouth on discovering this.Firstly, the place doesn't give a hint of the glorious temple of craft beer inside. I mean, plenty of bars mention beer in their name "The Copper Keg" and consider Blue Moon to be a "craft brew". When you go in your only real indication that at first is that the beer mirror decor is of a much rarer caliber of brews.The tap list bitch slaps places like the Yard House and Pour 24 on their wannabe faces. This list was chosen by a master. A Master of masters. The Bottle list is a "what's what" of the last five years of craft brewing. One wonders how the owners get these beers. The taps are even available in smaller sizes so you can sample  some of the pricey exotics.We got the tasting sampler. The waitress (Misty, who was spectacular BTW) made a passing comment that made me to believe the tasting/sampler was a Tuesday thing, and if it is I recommend going on Tues, because for $20 we got lots of large amazing samples (they MADE us pick one and yet it was the best) and tamales(?!) for some reason. But hey, Tamales! Also we got Chili Cheese Fries. These were spectacular as well.They have events here, and the upcoming one looks spectacular if you enjoy good beer. Apparently Alice Cooper also plays here too. I'm sure that's lovely. If I were a less honest man I would give this bar no stars, because it was getting a little full on Tuesday and I always want a barstool. This bar does have one negative, and that's it got smoky when I was there. I know poor smokers have been thrown out of almost everywhere, but if it was perfect for me there'd be no smoking. However, from the service to the selection to the prices I would've originally assigned this place one f*cking billion stars. So maybe take one from that. Yelp only allows five.PLEASE OPEN ONE OF THESE ON THE SOUTHWEST SIDE. YOU CAN USE MY BACK YARD ITS PRETTY BIG.
4	Tried this place because of Groupon. The beer selection was amazing, if you're into craft beers and not the usual American variety. Staff was very nice and friendly. I had a Pizza that was HUGE and very very tasty! For dessert my gf and I shared the Fried Oreos with Ice Cream - what a guilty indulgence. It was very tasty.The ambiance is not top notch, very no frills and kinda gives off a "biker bar" feel. However the staff and tasty food more than makes up for it!
5	LOVE this place.. they have craft beers on tap that no one else in the state has some times!! We don't live far from here so we go often.. it's the perfect spot to go grab a brew and chill or play pool.. or gamble, lol. They also host diff events featuring diff breweries. This place is just amazing.. their mac n chz is to die for!! All the bar staff is very knowledgable as well. Stone denomination which they just hosted was fantastic!!
4	I decided to venture of the strip looking for an ale house. I was not expecting a windowless building with dim lighting, but the beer selection is fantastic with multiple American craft beers and Belgians on tap. The staff was very friendly and food was decent. They have some beer infused dishes which fits well with the theme. Overall a good find, but don't go in expecting a casual lunch spot.
5	Beer lover's holy place!!All you need to know:Amazing selectionBeers change oftenSpecial events monthlyGreat foodEXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!My only complaint is that Aces & Ales is very far from the center of town, but it's distance from high traffic areas means that they are kinda exclusive... In this, I mean it's only packed every so often.I say, GO, Enjoy Yourself and write your own review.Please let us know if you experience anything else than perfection.
4	Limited ambience aside, the best hot wings that I have had in a long time and I am at least a bit of a connoisseur.   Not overly hot as the heat is not what draws me.   But large, crispy, super meaty with regular heat on the sauce.  Served with carrots and celery.   Not the biggest number but definitely each one is maybe twice the size of many places wings.   A plus.
4	No need for a long review ...a must stop for any beer lover that has not previously been here...nuff said.
4	Bar food, amazing?  Yeah almost never happens.  And yet...Is the beer selection amazing?  No, not really.  I mean I've been to places where there was 40+ beers, 60+ beers, 100+ beers.  That's an amazing selection.  does this place have a a decent selection?  Yeah it does.  Probably about two dozen different types of beer.  I came here with Angela and we sat down with Misty as our bartender.  I saw a lot of people around us ordering the fish tacos and yet somehow we didn't order any.  Well, we were actually pretty full from lunch earlier so we were originally just going to order an app.  We started with beer bites which is some variation of beer dipped deep fried bread.  And you get this variation at other bars and even some restaurants but I found them really tasty here.  I was really caught off-guard and surprised.  They were so tasty it really riled up my gourmand tongue and I wanted to try other foods here.  So we added the cajun mac and cheese.  It was also pretty outstanding.  Now I'm really starting to wonder about the food at this place.  Who ever went to a place that was a bar first and yet served really great food?  Crazy.  We talked some more to Misty and she swore that all the food there was really good and she admitted to being a food fanatic herself.  And the beers I got were pretty good also.
5	I've noticed that I've only given Aces and Ales 4 stars.  Shame on me.  This is the best craft bar in Vegas.  What other place gets Deschutes Jubelale, seriously?  Even craft beer nerds from San Diego or Portland would be at least moderately impressed with Aces.  Sure, the atmosphere leaves something to be desired.  It does sort of feel like a dive bar.  But the craft beer selections here are the best that Vegas sees.  From Port Brewing to Double Dry Hopped Stone IPA to Belgian sour beers, Aces is the place for the true beer nerd.  The food has also improved since my last review.  I love the salads.  Try the Tuna Ahi Salad or even just the Caesar.  Awesome stuff.  If you don't like healthy food, the rest of the menu will definitely give you a delicious heart attack... at least you will die happy!  It is worth mentioning that Aces has events almost every weekend.  For example, the owner of Stone, Greg Koch, seems to visit annually.  Other great breweries that are new to the Vegas market take over the taps at Aces to offer their finest selections.  Parking can be a PITA though, so be prepared to park behind the gas station out back (not in front!).  SNAFU, the local homebrew club also has their monthly meetings here.Cheers!
3	I wanted to love this place.  Everyone else loves this place.  But I don't.I must be an oddball.Anyway, I actually like the atmosphere here.  I like that it's dark and kind of divey with plenty of seats either at the bar or at the tables.  I like the super friendly servers.I've visited a couple times and although the menu rotates, it seems to be heavy on (very) dark beers.  It's the summer and it's hella hot outside- can I get something a little lighter?  Plus, the prices seem a bit high to me.As for the food, they have a decent selection for a bar and I'm impressed at the number of vegetarian options they have.  I've had the parmesan fries, fried cheese curds, and veggie pizza.  The parmesan fries are really good and the portion is large.  I have a mad crush on the cheese curds and like that they come with three different sauces depending on your mood.  I would come back to Aces and Ales for the cheese curds alone.I was completely unimpressed with the veggie pizza though.  The dough was raw in the middle, there were too many toppings so it was watery, and the mushrooms were old and funky.  I let my husband eat it.  He's not pickyAnd just a fair warning not to get here starving.  Our food took forever to come out.I think I'll give Aces and Ales another go if I'm in the area.  But it's much too far to make a trip when there are plenty of other places closer to me that I know I like.I can see why there's so much love from people who appreciate beer more than I do.  I'm guessing I'm a dummy that doesn't know any better.  Oh well.PS- Be prepared to get some odd looks and maybe hear a record scratch if you walk in as a newbie.  There are definitely regulars here that notice new faces.
4	Good beer selection, but could use a better location... Gangsta hood scared me do sho..:lOl nah the locale is so so. Good rotating beer list
5	A huge selection of some great craft and import beers! One thing I noticed is that the bartenders know which beers to serve in what glasses.  May not seem like a big deal to some people but you would be suprised at what a difference it makes!
5	Even after reading all the positive reviews from my fellow yelp friends, my experience at Ales & Aces exceeded my expectations. Upon entering, I was immediately greeted w/ the friendly bartender Jenny. She was one of the main reasons why I enjoyed my visit there. If you want good, outgoing & helpful service you have to come when she's there. I came there in the evening so I'm sure she works the night shift. I love going to places where people are outgoing & friendly. It really makes you want to to return. I wish I can add another extra 5 stars for having such a great bartender. When you go to some bars in this town, it takes a while for the staff to acknowledge you & when they do, they act like you're lost & from another planet or something. They don't seem to want your business. That's definitely not the case with Jenny. She's amazing & very welcoming!This place is heaven sent for all of us beer connoisseurs in town with the vast beer selection. I didn't even know where to start. I got lost reading the menu. Oh man! It's like beer paradise up in this joint. The food came out very fast & I ate it very fast cause it was so tasty. With the good beer, good food, pool tables, gaming & great service, how can you not check this place out? Too bad it's on the other side of town or I would be here religiously every day if it was closer to my home. This place is a must go to if you're ever on the east side.
4	After 2 solid days on Labor Day weekend of trudging up and down The Strip behind gaggles of slow-moving tourists, we decided to get up on Monday 9/3 and skip breakfast, heading straight to Aces & Ales for an early lunch.  Oh what peace and quiet.  It was wonderful.  There was one other table occupied and 3 guys at the bar who looked like they had just finished a round of golf.  I got the impression that this place appeals to a wide variety of people, and I bet at night it is hopping.  As others have said, the beer and liquor selection is hard to beat.  I like that the beer list also shows the ABV and type of beer.  I'm pretty adventurous when it comes to trying beers, but having some idea of what I'm getting into is much appreciated.  For an app we ordered the beer bites which are pizza crust balls seasoned up and then you have marinara, ranch, or cheese sauce to dip them in.  These were so damn good that next time I'm getting my own order!  Their ranch didn't taste like bottled ranch....it was more dilly.  I liked it a lot.  Mr. M ordered the lunch steak sandwich with bacon cheddar cheese fries.  He loved the bacon cheese fries, but said the steak sandwich was just ok.  To expand on that he said the bun was kind of stale and the steak didn't have much flavor.  I had a BLT on rye and it was great.  The bread was nice and fresh and the B,L, and T were just how they were supposed to be.  With onion rings on the side my meal was a simple but perfect lunch.  I didn't catch the bartender's name, but she was just super.  Attentive and educated on the beverage choices.  Overall we had a great visit and I look forward to going back.
5	What a find! The only bad thing about this place is there aren't more around the Vegas valley. Talk about a beer selection.. Amazing! I got the oatmeal stout they had on tap. It was very rich, silky, and bitter. So good. My girlfriend and I got the pretzel appetizer to share. It was so good, and the mustard it came with was super good too. The only drawback the bartender didn't comp any of our drinks and we gabled quite a bit and she charged us a buck for a side of marinara sauce. haha no big deal just thought it was odd. If your ever in the area of Nellis and Flamingo I suggest checking this place out.
5	I've had this place bookmarked for ages, but I never feel like driving all the way to the other side of town to try it out. When I saw the Groupon available, so I was excited to get it to force myself to try it out. I waited until two days before the Groupon expired to redeem. We came tonight to watch some Monday Night Football and get some beers and grub. I'm not a beer connoisseur, but I do enjoy trying different types and was excited by all the variety here.  I ordered The Cheese, mac and cheese. It had amazing cheesy goodness. My fella got the wings and my mom ordered the pastrami on rye. The mac n cheese and pastrami were my favorites. I really wanted to try the fried cheese curds, but maybe next time. The food was excellent pub grub and there were tons of other things on the menu that I'm excited to try.As for the service, it was excellent. Our server was incredibly friendly and attentive. She made excellent drink suggestions and kept our drink refills coming. I was very impressed with the service. Looking forward to coming back again soon. I won't be a regular, for the simple reason that it isn't conveniently located to my house, but I'm excited to try their happy hour and getting the tasting glass on my next visit to try more beer varieties.
5	Great service and food, and an amazing tap list. Was able to try a number of great beers that I don't have access to back east. The night I stopped in, their special was unbeatable... 6 tasters in a flight and two authentic tamales which were incredible.I will absolutely be returning next time I am in Vegas and any craft beer lover, will not be disappointed here.
5	What a hidden jem for beer lovers. If you like craft beer, you've got to check this place out. As an added bonus, Sunday's are $4 any draft beers and 1/2 price growlers!!
5	This is the premiere beer bar in Las Vegas!Aces and Ales is located on the East Side of Las Vegas near Sam's Town. If you are not a local, it is not more than a twenty minute ride from the strip and it will give you more of an affordable/local selection on beer.Aces and Ales has over 20 taps that constantly change throughout the year. Some of the local taps they may have on include selections from Big Dog's Brewing Company, Tenaya Creek Brewery, Joseph James Brewery, and Chicago Brewing Company. Outside of that, they tend to have fantastic selections of some of the nation's best craft breweries such as: Epic (UT), Stone (CA), Deschuttes (OR), Lagunitas (CA), New Beligum (CO) and much more!The food selection is amazing for bar food. They have some of the best bar pizza in town and some interesting creations such as the Eddie Spaghetti Pizza or the Metallica Meat Lovers. The Mac and Cheese menu is very good as well with many different selections to choose from. Every Tuesday each week is a special event known as Tuesday Night Tastings. In this event, the chefs at Aces and Ales create an appetizer or dinner item that comes with 6 4oz tastings of beer for $20. Some of the most recent TNT offerings included a Krispy Kreme Burger, Lobster and Crab Bisque, and Baked Oysters.Aces and Ales also has some very big beer events! Every first Friday of the month is SNAFU---Southern Nevada Ales and Fermenters Union. This is a homebrew club that meets at Aces and Ales and partakes in sharing their brews and stories with each other. Every Sunday is Black Market Crash where all beers are $4 and there are half-price Growler fills. Aces is also known for its festivals including Stone Domination Tap Takeover Weekend, Strong Beer Fest, and Winter Beer Fest. On many occasions as well they will have brewery take overs (most recently as of 3/19/2013 by Epic Brewing Company and one by New Belgium) The ladies and men that work here are some of the most friendliest staff you will find in Las Vegas. They will gladly talk beer with you and as well give you recommendations based off your own personal preferences. Over 20 taps always pouring great beers! Outside that, the staff is super friendly! Bar food is killer....go for the Belgian Frites or fried cheese curds. This is by far the best beer bar in town. They have multiple events each year like Winterfest or Strong Beerfest that make for a good all around time
4	This is a great place...now if only they had a smoke free area I would give it a 5* rating.  Very friendly helpful staff (Wendy) great beers on tap...had a Karsteen Rouge....mmmmm a nice sweet cherry flavored beer and a burger $10, who can complain about that?Plus, I played the video poker machine and actually made $1, yahoo!  I am really glad this is close to home.  It's a great  find.
4	I'm a simple man. Give me good beer, good wings and a tv and I'm one happy fella. This place has all these things and more. If it was closer, I'd be a regular. The food was really good, the service was as well. I tried some really great brews on tap and I look forward to trying more. They have a wall full of tvs for my viewing pleasure. I hear they have football specials too so I may have to check them out some Sunday.
4	This is something Vegas needed or, at least, something I needed to find in Vegas: a really great beer bar.Tap selection was not only impressive and prices very reasonable, but they have an electronic board for the tap list that shows the approximate QUANTITY OF THE KEG and changes its color from green to red when it's low. F'in genius! I love that and I wish more places would do it, because it just pushes the beer snobs like me to drink something we may have otherwise passed up, but then regretted not getting when they're out of it next time.A nice round-up of pretty much everything good you can get in the area, including Sierra Nevada Narwohl, Stone Double Bastard, Maui/Jolly Pumpkin Sobre Humano, a couple of Speakeasys, a Dogfish, a Uintah, etc.The food menu is actually pretty impressive too. They have a few pizzas, one of which has spaghetti on it. The bartender (who was really nice and helpful) insisted that it sounded weird but was delicious. We got an order of Beer Bites, which showcases their pizza crust, and is served with a homemade, mustard-based sauce. The sauce was a little weird, but I love that they're trying something unique. Bread itself was excellent. The people next to us got a pizza... Food envy...I'm a beer bar guy, but I also like sports. And they have lots of TVs. This is a problem at many beer bars who often have no TVs or maybe one, in a corner, with a 14" screen. Why can't I watch a football game while drinking an excellent craft beer? So this may be exactly what I want from a beer bar.Downsides are, of course, the smoke. They also get a pretty weird crowd for a place that serves what could only be called "gourmet beer." A lot of MIller Lite bottles passed around while we were there. Didn't think much of the music either, but I'm probably more snobby about that than I am beer.Staff were awesome. Really can't say that enough. Willing to answer annoying questions and give tastes. Very knowledgeable about the beer. They also have a pool table, but it's in a separate room, so it's not really noisy.I also have to give props to the bottle selection. They have an enormous menu and a cooler full of specialty bombers that they've collected and will sell for a collector's price. If you have someone to share with, I would recommend going that way, if you can resist the taps (which is tough), because it's just that good.
4	Went with a Groupon and this was our first time there.  The waitress/bartender was very friendly and the service was excellent.  They had a huge draft list which my husband loved.  He tried 3 different beers and just loved them.  We also had food.  Arrogant Bastard Chili Cheese Fries, Hamburger with Onion Rings, and Bratwurst with Sauerkraut.  It was all very good.  We will definitely be back.
5	This place rocks! Absolute beervana! A must stop when in Vegas, great food and service too...
5	This place is a must visit if you are in vegas and are a microbrew fan. Their draft selection is the best in vegas, the atmosphere is laid back with tons of tvs (we were there for sunday night football), and the food is outstanding. It is a little off the beaten path, but it is well worth the trip.
5	Hands down, the best "Beer Bar" in Vegas.  Always the most exclusive tap selection due to the owners relationship with Deschutes, Stone, Speakeasy and others... and for $6/pint, it's actually a great deal!Food options are custom to beer pairings, bartenders are somewhat beer savvy, but are more their for "looks"... gaming options available, shuffleboard, billiards and jukebox.
5	Ohhhh, Aces & Ales... how do I love thee? Let me count the ways...My dude got me into this place after getting me into craft beer (I was a willing recruit for that, though I give him all the credit). It's a bit out of the way for me, living in Henderson, but I still manage to get over there quite a bit. I mean, holy crap, they've got taps for days here with some really awesome stuff, and they get switched out all the time. Check out their website for the newest additions. There's around 18 craft beers on tap at any given moment (with still more in bottles), ranging from local to nation-wide stuff. They've done events around Deschutes and Rogue, as well as Stone, I believe. They also do an annual Strong Beer Fest in the fall, which I got to attend last year (that still sounds weird to say -- feels like earlier this year!). We've gotten to know some of the bartenders quite well, and they always take care of us (Jenny, Misty, and Kim, I'm looking at you guys). I've also had probably around half of the things on their ginormous menu by now (the menus themselves are literally ginormous, evidently a printer error, but their selection isn't bad either), and I've only ever been slightly disappointed in one thing (the ahi tuna sandwich). Ok, maybe also the cheese curds, but that's only because I'm so in love with the ones over at Rum Runner. Otherwise, I can vouch that their appetizers, mac & cheese, pizza, sandwiches, wraps, and grilled cheeses (new menu section for those!) are all super delicioso. Between all the beer & all the food, I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask them to start sponsoring a gym membership for me. How dare they have such awesome offerings.
1	I am not buying into the hype. This place was dumpy with snotty airheaded old bartenders who will snub the shit out of you if you are a girl. She "forgot" about my drink for 15 minutes until I pointed it out to the other bartender. Then the original bartender magically remembered. $20 for two shitty drinks and atrocious service. The manager was more interested in groping the bartender when he was behind the bar than actually checking in with patrons. Other than that, it is a standard dark, dumpy bar with a decent selection of beer. There are six TVs playing sports, 80s music blasting, and a pool table. I think they played Juke Box Hero like 5 times.  Video poker at bar. Smoking allowed. Weak drinks. Crowd is pretty old. Very meh ..not much separating from chains like yard house. Except at Yardhouse you aren't treated like shit. Also, the idiot airhead bartender added extra $2 to her tip to make it 20% which I am disputing with the bank. It isn't about $2.00 it's about the entitlement these idiots feel even when they provide below sub par service.
5	LOVE. THIS. BAR.  Once you've been there a couple times, the bartenders get to know you and remember your name, they always have a GREAT selection of craft beer on tap, and the atmosphere is great for having a night out with friends.  Misty, Jenny, and Kim all do a fantastic job tending to customers, even during the busy times like the annual Winter Beer Festival.  The food is amazing, get the cheese curds!!  Also, try any of the grilled cheese plates, they're a great deal at $8 and come with fries!  Delicious.  No other bar can compare when it comes to craft beer on tap!
4	Craft beer has blown up in the last five years, and I have joined the revolution myself within the last two, so on every new trip I plan out of town, seeking out local craft beer bars and breweries becomes my first priority. On our most recent trip to Vegas, I visited the overpriced Public House on the Strip, The just "ok" Triple 7 and Ellis Island brewpubs, the spectacular Tenaya Creek Brewery, and finally this little gem: Aces & Ales.This bar was about 5 miles from the strip so it seemed each day we never had time to make it out there, so the last night I planned to hit all the local spots we missed throughout the week, that might have been my only regret saving this place till last. We arrived at around 2:40 in the morning, it was the last stop on a whirlwind bar crawl before we flew out that morning. I had a Groupon with me for $30 that only cost me $13 if I used it between midnight and three. I came in the doors thinking one no one would be there, and that the bartender/cooks would be pissed I was coming in with 20 min left to redeem a coupon, but I could not have been more wrong.The place still had a great local gathering, and our luck Monday night was Karaoke night, its three in the morning and there are still about 10 people waiting to sing Karaoke. We joined in and signed up to sing, then made our way to the bar. I apologized in advance to the bartender and he was like don't worry about it man, I don't get off till 8 in the morning this place is open all night. Talk about culture shock, I can't imagine a place in Charlotte running those kind of hours and still pull a crowd as well.The bartender Russ talked our faces off for 3am and was cool as hell to boot, he gave us the low down on growler prices, grub deals, and his favorite choices from what was on tap that day. He also told us we just missed a beer festival they had that weekend, another reason to kick myself for not coming here earlier. He also said they go through kegs daily, so each night something new is on tap. We took a couple of his recommendations and were not let down. I added some notes to my phone so I could bookmark my favorites, The Bruery Autume Maple, and Nectar Ales 2011 Black Xantus coffee stout, and then we grabbed a couple appetizers. The Wisconsin fried cheese curds were the best thing I ate the whole week in Vegas. Seriously they are bar food at its FINEST! My wife got the Beer bites, they were like little miniature pizza pockets covered in garlic, served with an amazing beer cheese dip, she loved them as well.The service of our bartender Russ was above and beyond for a couple of tourists visiting Vegas at 3 in the morning. Tack on the sweet Karaoke system, the most affordable and nicest selection of craft beer I found in Vegas, plus the amazing appetizers, and this place was the highlight of local spots for our entire vacation.  I will definitely be back next time I am in town, and not just once either!
5	What a fun place!Aces & Ales has a beer snob's selection of drafts and bottles worthy of your attention!  Additionally they have a lot of great Bourbon, Rye, and Scotch.  This is not a snobby place though.  It is down-to-earth and equipped for a good time with your friends.  I'm pretty sure that a gastro pub got it on with a mid-west locals bar and sprung off Aces & Ales!I didn't try a lot of food while I was there, but not because I didn't want to.  I had the Buffalo Mac-N-Cheese and loved it!  The food looked like a lot of great foodie, comfort food...stuff I would love to come back and taste, while motivating me to go to the gym the next day!Come here for Great beer!Come here to play pool and bar games with your friends!Come here for tasty comfort food!
3	What a pleasant surprise to an evening that started off pretty rough. I had looked at this place's website a few times, but had never made it over here. Moving from Denver I can be a bit of a snob when some place tries to say that it brews beer plus I've been into bourbon lately so I wasn't sure if this place would really be what I was looking for. I had tried to go to a PT's (see previous review) and left because there was no working kitchen. I had my heart set on a burger and read on yelp that this place was good and they a good selection of bourbon. So I decided to head over.I pull up and am a little worried as the neighborhood isn't THAT great, but I'm hungry so I go in anyhow. I walk in and I'm pleasantly surprised how clean it was. I found a nice table a bit away from the bar, get out my computer (I was there to work and eat) and grab a menu off the table next to me. The bartender was super friendly, came over, and got my drink order. When she brought that back we chatted a tad about a few menu items and under her suggestions I stuck with a burger.The burger came out incredibly fast. It was big and juicy looking with homemade fries on the side. I have to say that this is the best burger that I've had in Las Vegas. The meat was good and flavorful, the fries were tasty, and the service was great. I have to say that this is now my new go-to place when I want to grab a drink and some food.***03/01/2013***I've down graded my review after a TERRIBLE experience. I went in last night really just wanting some food and a drink. I walk in and it's pretty crowded so I find a table and sit down with my computer. I was ignored for about 15 minutes. When someone FINALLY came over she goes, "Have  you been helped?" I really wanted to say, "Yeah, this invisible drink and food in my hand is really helpful." I ordered a drink and she then tells me, "We have a party who has reserved this table in about 10 minutes." RUDELY. I then ask where I can sit. She tries to tell me I can sit at the bar, but I point out someone is smoking right there, she snobbishly goes, "Yeah, the whole restaurant is smoking. We have a back room." I tell her never mind and she, with an attitude, goes, "Well sorry then." I left. Little does the chick realize that I tip very well and drink well too. Oh well, I won't be back in a place that has their staff dress like sluts and treats people crappy. I don't care how much I liked their burger. It's in a sketchy part of town anyhow.
2	I have been previously warned about the service at Aces & Ales being average. But I love trying new beers. We went after I bought a Groupon and so we went. The service was okay and the second shifts came in and were very friendly. We ordered, ate and drank for a good two hours. When it was time to leave, we gave our bartender a $20 for tip because to our surprise she was great. We paid and left. The next day I noticed a 20% tip added to my amount. I called to speak to a manager and ended speaking to the bartender from our visit. I asked if there was an automatic tip charge on each bill. She said no and I left a message for the manager. The next day the charge was corrected and I received a call from the manager. He explained that some backs automatically put a 20% charge on tickets. WTF! This guy must think people are idiots. I let him speak and was trying to hold back my inner thoughts. I will probably not go back. So if you go to this bar definitely pay with cash.
3	We had lunch here, and did not partake of any oat sodas.  As everyone notes, the selection was fantastic.  I'll be sure to have a few when I return.  When we walked in, it was very dark.  Extremely dark, to the point it was hard to read the menu.  I guess my eyesight may be getting worse as I get older....The wife had the chili.  This was served in an interesting way, in a dish with tortilla chips.  They were good chips.  The chili had a nice crust of melted cheese on top.  Unfortunately, it didn't have much chili flavor.  It's like someone made chili without a majority of the seasonings.  I certainly liked the presentation, and it has potential, but needs some heat, or at least flavor.I had the juicy lucy.  This was a VERY solid burger.  4 star burger.  Chorizo, American cheese, and onions cooked in between 2 large beef patties (the toppings weren't exactly inside the burger as in a traditional juicy lucy.  But, I won't complain when you give me so much flavor that the large burger can't contain it).  A very soft bun that somehow was strong enough to hold it all together.  I put a little mayo on it, but it probably wasn't needed.  An excellent burger, and one I would gladly order again.  On the side, I had fries.  They were also very good.  They had parmesan and garlic on them.  No ketchup needed...I will say, I am not entirely schooled on the smoking laws, but the server let 2 people smoke at the bar.  The first one was not close enough to bother us, but the second one was.  Maybe smoking is completely allowed here and I missed the sign.  The wife left early due to smoke.  Maybe this was a one time thing, but it's something we will have to consider before eating here again.  I'm sure we will, how can we not return to  a place with grilled cheese and mac n cheese sections in its menu...
5	Hands down the best small bar in Las Vegas, the staff is the best Ryan and Misty have to be two of the best folks we have come across since moving to Vegas. The selection of beer is great....I dont even know if they sell the beer made by the the evil Ambev and you should not even consider those beers anyway. They have a constant rotating variety of true micro brews and a beer Connoisseur's dream but also something for everyone too. The best has to be Wednesday steak nite throw $20 in a machine and get a great steak dinner or the Tuesday Nite Tastings 6 different beers and the food of the week.
4	Still fantastic... the current tap selection will keep you there until you can't drive... We left just before karaoke started, but will be back for a birthday this week :)
5	This place amazing. Jenni and Kim treated us right recommending tasty Stouts' IPA and Ales to drink along with some devilishly good Spaghetti pizza. Very chill atmosphere and the music was perfect and allows you to actually have a conversation with someone. If you are looking for a great local spot away from the chaos of the Las Vegas strip, this is the place to be.
4	1st time here. Very nice decor. Didn't partake in any of the beer tastings. Had the buffalo wings. Wings were decent, a bit small. Fries were awesome. The bartender misty made our night, although we did not win at video poker gambling. We will be back just on the service alone.
5	Beer Advocate and Yelp were spot on with their review here.  Superb service by male/female bartenders who doubled as wait staff.  Great craft beer selection and solid unique pub fare.  Shared the guilt of  of caloric filled dining - cheesy goodness of Mac and cheese w/ shrimp/large salty pretzels and 6 deep fried Oreos w ice cream drizzled w/ hot fudge on top!  If you're in town, definitely worth a visit!
5	I was in Vegas for work last week, and for the last night there I brought a coworker with me, we'll call him Mr. K, and explained that this might be the best beer bar he has ever been to.  I know.  I know.  That's a lot of build up.The receipt said Wendy and Jeff, and if that's accurate, both of them took excellent care of us.  They are funny, friendly, and knowledgeable about beer.  I love them.  OK.  I don't LOVE them love them. I'm not a complete weirdo.I was the DD so had to select my one drink very carefully.  I believe it was a New Belgium/Lost Abbey collaboration, Brett Beer.    I think this is supposed to be a sour ale, but it's not very sour.  I was calling it a farmhouse ale, but I don't think that's right.  I enjoyed it.  I don't remember exactly what Mr. K had.  I do know that one of his beers was aged in Wild Turkey barrels and he liked that a lot.Normally I am in awe of the beer, which is expected, but the food that night.  The food was amazing.  So simple yet so good.  I had the grilled cheese with cheddar, slices of apple, and bacon.  Need I say more?  Yes I do.  I also had the Arrogant Bastard onion rings, and when I forced one upon Mr. K, he said that was the best onion ring he has had in his life.  Yeah.  It's that good.He ordered a pizza with I think shrooms and sausage and possibly pepperoni.  I forget, but I swiped a piece and it was very good.  The crust is not too thick, not too thin, just perfect.  Delicious with the beer.Now I remember why my memory is so bad.  We were carbo overloading.  I've been thinking about the beer bites since the last time I was here and we started with those.  Just as good as I remember and I was happy to share since I knew we weren't done yet.I love this place.  And I mean really love it.
2	I was really excited to try this place out after all the rave reviews here on Yelp, and also because we found out they serve Stone brews and have somewhat frequent takeovers by the Stone Brewing Company. We stumbled in late Thursday night for some late night dinner. We asked if there was service to the adjoining room (since there was no open seating in the main room), and one of the bartenders was cool enough to come over to serve us. We didn't even care that it took her a while to get to us, I was just happy she was willing (we would have left otherwise).Jason's Juicy Lucy burger was stuffed with cheese, bacon and chorizo. He ordered it medium-rare but is seemed more rare, a lot of the burger wasn't cooked at all. He enjoyed it anyway, and the onion rings he got were also delicious. He also ordered an Arrogant Bastard Ale. I just got a plain cheeseburger and fries, cooked medium. The burger was well done, but the fries were phenomenal. Possibly some of the best I'd ever had. While we joked about how our burgers seemed to be on two ends of the spectrum, we also noticed that Jason's beer- now half gone- had expired nearly 6 months ago. When we let our server know, she mentioned that it was fine and she serves the same brew that has an expiry date of 2007 to guests that still request it, only IPAs need to be thrown out. Nonetheless, she offered to get us a new bottle, which we declined since we were about done with our meal anyway. I was just really surprised that they knowingly serve old brews, and still charge $12 a bottle for it. We aren't sure if we got an accurate taste of the beer, so we'll likely pick up a bottle at Lee's and try it at home.
5	I am not a huge fan of beer, but my husband and all of his friends are, so after hearing great things about the beer selection, we headed to Aces and Ales.1st of all, the staff....all very friendly, knowledgable and obvious work very well together. The food....so good. I had the Mediterranean Mac and Cheese. Artichokes, sundried tomatoes, kalmata olives and goat cheese.....I can honestly say it was in my top 3 favorite mac and cheeses of my life. The husband had a Juicy Lucy burger, a burger with bacon AND chorizo, not for a vegetarian! He finished the entire burger and the arrogant bastard onion rings. He told me he plans on eating that again.All the appetizers were delish....and OH MY GOSH the deep fried oreos were amazing. Im pretty sure I am gonna dream about that.The boys drank/sampled at least 20 different beers, and were ready for more, but carrying out 15 grown men from a bar would not be easy, so thankfully they had enough....for now.We will be back, and that says a lot about us. We like to stay in our "three mile zone"... but Aces and Ales is worth the drive. Check out their website, it tells you about the specials, whats on tap, and upcoming events.
4	OMG...the most awesome spinich, bacon salad ever!I had the Cajun Mac n Cheese (cheddar and jack, andouille sausage, bell peppers, cajun spices)...the sausage and bell peppers were diced nice and small, so you get all the flavors in each bite.  Nicely done and oh-so-good.My partner got the bbq burger, which may seem "normal", but she says it was AMAZING!Ever want onion rings, but you take a bite and the onion pulls out of the ring leaving you holding just empty breading?  Well, theirs don't. "those damn Arrogant Bastard onion rings" were absolutely perfect....perfect bites of onion and batter each and every time.Beer bites:  like good garlic knots you've had before, except for the A&A beer cheese they serve along with marinara & ranch to dip them in.  I would gladly substitue the other dips for three servings of that beer cheese...soooooo delicious.We've been there in the evenings and on graveyard.  Both times food was equally fantastic, but we prefer the graveyard shift because there is less of a wait time.  Bartenders are always friendly and the A/C is nice and cool.
4	I tried this place out since I was with a friend who's a true beer connoisseur.  I must say I was pleased in this it's quite a nice oasis with multiple pool tables, great viewing of sports from many angles in the bar and a great menu of beers.  Although I didn't try any of the beers I did appreciate the great service, option of a tasting menu, and growlers for sale.  If you're into beer or just a good time at a bar you maybe haven't thought of then this is a great place to spend an evening.
3	I like this place a lot. Needless to say, the beer selection is awesome and the food is surprisingly rad. However I don't like having to drive to New Mexico to get here. Also, I like Stone Brewing (I'm from San Diego, I get it....)but can ya get some other beers on tap? Every time I turn around it's some festival with Stone as the centerpiece.  I think the Jr. high crush on Stone is a little overwhelming. Maybe consider moving on to that experimental phase of the college years?
4	When I walked in I was hoping for a little more restaurant feel and less bar feel. The interior was very "typical" vegas gaming bar. The menu has a variety of options which is always cool. A lot of it was different, but sounded good. Our server suggested the spaghetti pizza which neither of us would have tried normally but since we were starving we said "what the hell"That pizza is freaking delicious. Who the hell knew. Seriously, try that pizza.As far as the beer menu I was again a little disappointed. Although I always appreciate a bar that offers an extensive and unique menu, all of the beers on tap were on the hoppy side or fruity side. Not my thing. I would have loved to have seen a few great red ales, brown ales, porters or lagers. None of which were options. The server did manage to find one she thought I'd like which was the Stone Sublimely Self-Righteous Dark Ale with a hint of espresso and nuttiness. Still though I wasn't in the mood for added flavors (chocolate, coffee, berries, etc.)The "Beer" descriptions in the menu were poorly written and some had no tasting notes at all. For instance the Saison. I suggest they go over that part of the menu asap. Those minor complaints aside, the service was great, the pizza was amazing and the beer I did end up ordering was nice.
4	Once upon a time, I was not into beer in the least. Guess what changed that? I'll give you a hint: A dude. So, in an effort to try more craft (read: good) beer, I adventured to a far away place on the east side of the Vegas valley known as Aces & Ales. Boasting one of the most impressive menus in the area, the bar is a good place to go whether you're a seasoned brew aficianado or a total newbie. The place is so ingrained in the craft scene that it's home to the annual Stone Domination Festival, which is headed up by the Stone Brewing Co. master himself, Greg Koch. And while this place may look like an ordinary bar, don't be fooled: It's got great food, good drinks and you'll definitely meet some characters.  I may have had a lame ushering in to the wonderful world of beer, it's been a good visit so far.Things of note: Beware the microphone. The food menus is massive. No, really. It should have its own zip code. I think I also remember something about A&A winning an award for best bar food in the valley.Make sure to try: The tap list is ever evolving so get your beer while its cold.Once upon a time, I was not into beer in the least. Guess what changed that? I'll give you a hint: A dude. So, in an effort to try more craft (read: good) beer, I adventured to a far away place on the east side of the Vegas valley known as Aces & Ales. Boasting one of the most impressive menus in the area, the bar is a good place to go whether you're a seasoned brew aficianado or a total newbie. The place is so ingrained in the craft scene that it's home to the annual Stone Domination Festival, which is headed up by the Stone Brewing Co. master himself, Greg Koch. And while this place may look like an ordinary bar, don't be fooled: It's got great food, good drinks and you'll definitely meet some characters.  I may have had a lame ushering in to the wonderful world of beer, it's been a good visit so far.Things of note: Beware the microphone. The food menus is massive. No, really. It should have its own zip code. I think I also remember something about A&A winning an award for best bar food in the valley.Make sure to try: The tap list is ever evolving so get your beer while its cold.
5	An outstanding beer selection on draught and an excellent menu bring this hole in the wall from the outstanding to the sublime.  Try the mac & cheese.
5	Wow! I can't believe this place is just a couple of miles from my place.  But, that can be a curse as well.  I got a call from my roommate to come and pick him up because he walked to the bar and was too drunk to walk home.  And, the area isn't the best place to walk / stumble around drunk.I walked in to find my buddy sitting at the bar talking to whoever will listen.  I pulled up a stool and grabbed a diet soda and shot the breeze for a bit.  I'll be back I'm sure to have drinks.  Maybe for the upcoming Yelp event.  We'll see!  This place is a lot bigger than I thought it was going to be.  And, they have a lot of beers to choose from.
5	Don't judge the book by its cover.  Craft beer selection that rivals San Diego & Orange County CA.  Jenny is outstanding!   Treated my wife and I like royalty.  She was spot on with her recommendations for appetizers, dinner and unique killer beers.  Very creative menu...do not pass this place up.
4	Went here to get away from the insane lines and prices of the strip.  We had pizza and the home made mac and cheese and of course beer!  All was very tasty!  And the prices - fantastic - we saved enough money on that dinner to pay for our rental car just to drive over there!  LOL.  This looks like a hole in the wall dive bar from the outside - don't be fooled!  It's decent inside and the food and high quality beer selections were great!
5	Every time I go to Aces & Ales the staff is super friendly and the food is delicious!  They have the best  Mac & Cheese , grilled cheese, and sandwiches. Let's not mention the variety of craft beers they have. This place might not look like much on the outside, but inside you will be happily surprised!
2	I don't really get this place.Honestly, I don't find the beer menu that extensive. Compared to other beer-centric bars I have visited, the selection did not seem that great (and it was rather repetitive at that). But I am no beer expert so maybe true connoisseurs will say that the selections they do have are excellent... I wouldn't know.The food is pretty tasty, particularly the many variations on mac & cheese, but not worth going out of your way for.Finally, the service is dismal. On two visits (one just for drinks, one for food), we have had a shockingly brusque waitress.No thanks.
5	Best bar in town with an awesome staff and management. They have specials all the time & you just can't go wrong with their food.
2	I've been to Aces and Ales twice now and I just don't get the hype. There are better, cheaper, nicer places for craft beer all over Vegas so there's no reason that you have to put up with this bar's poor service.Most of the people here are terribly unfriendly. The waitress we had was so rude! She doesn't give a crap about making conversation, acknowledging you as a human being or even feigning that she doesn't hate her life. She made us so uncomfortable here and I felt very unwelcome! Completely ruined my experience at this bar. She didn't even know the beer menu, which is the absolute least I would expect from a waitress at a bar that's famous for it's beer selection. She needed a menu number when asked for a beer by name.There's NO happy hour. That doesn't even register with me. I'm fine with paying $$ for a great craft beer but the amount of beer that they give you is tiny - not even a pint. I ended up paying $30 for 2 beers + mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was good but the portion of that was also really small and not worth the price.
5	I can not tell you enough time to go to Aces & Ales.DO NOT plan to make it a part of a bar hopping trip, because once you get here, you will not want to leave.The selection is probably unbeatable in Las Vegas. The prices are PERFECT, which I never get to say. You get exactly the right quantity and quality in everything you purchase.The bartenders are VERY helpful with selections and options and the owner is frequently there to same his knowledge and passion for beer.This is the bar I take my friends to when they visit.You should go... like, now.
4	Sunday, fun day! 4 dollars for any beer on tap and fill a growler for half normal price. Also, I hear they opened a new one on the other side of town...I wanna check it out
5	Delicious specialty grilled cheese sandwiches.... I got the Caprese w/ the tomato soup bomb!!! My boyfriend got the Moondog which was a lil spicy along w/Garlic parm fries!!! All together it was great, we will be back!!!
1	I am solely basing this review on the fact that the restaurant advertises themselves as a gastropub..... We drove 30 min off the strip to come here because it had great reviews, and were told we couldn't stay because we had our son with us and the establishment is 21 and over!! If that's the case advertise that on yelp and your website, and don't call yourself a gastropub as authentic gastropubs are kid friendly! My son has a very adventurous appetite and it's very upsetting we wasted our time to try and come here when it is so simple to let it be known NO KIDS ALLOWED!!!!
5	Always has been a favorite! The management and staff have always been great and do whatever to keep you happy! There is not one bad food item on the menu and everything tastes so good it makes it hard to decide. Their Buffalo Mac and cheese is great, also a fan of their pretzel too. Also all the beer options will keep anyone satisfied.
5	favorite beer selection in towngreat foodcool staff and folk at the bar
5	The best grilled cheese ever, high end food and drink, bar setting, loved it.
5	To echo the reviews below: this place is great.The beer selection can't be beat.  The food was good.  I got an Arrogant Bastard marinated steak (how amazing does that sound) wrap.  It was about the size of an infant.  The bartender was extremely friendly and gave great beer suggestions.  Bottomline:  If you love craft beer and have a car in Vegas or (god forbid) you're stuck at Nellis, you're wrong if you don't come here.
4	My 2nd visit here, and I'll have to say this time was better tonight....maybe I was more open minded?  I enjoyed that it wasn't crazy packed and didn't stink of cigarette smoke, unlike many other bars in Vegas!  Lots of TV's to watch, and a HUGE menu with the first 6 pages being the alcohol options (try balls to the wall if you like cinnamon apples)...I had a grilled cheese specialty, their apple cheddar bacon with sweet potato fries...I was very pleased with the meal, and the service was excellent!! The atmosphere is decent, I'll return...they have a decent selection of beer choices out of the norm, and I felt like I was back in the PacNW!!
5	We got a recommendation to come here from a local and it's pretty awesome!  Super laid back, really attentive waitress (She was the only one on the floor and we never felt unattended)  It looks pretty sketchy from the outside and it's not super fancy looking but the food is great, the beer selection is pretty varied and the price is great.  We had 5 beers, 2 meals and an app for $50 before tip.  Anywhere closer to the strip or back home in LA would have been at least $75 for the same meal.  I'm sure I'll be back next time I'm in Las Vegas.
5	The food here is delicious! Every time I go to vegas I have to come here at least once! Prices are low compared to other restaurants in vegas! However the reason to come here is for the bounty of bears on tap!!
5	This is a nice little bar/restaurant with cool ambience.   But the FOOD is incredible!  Definitely get the Cheese Balls & the onion rings.  This is my new place to eat in Vegas
4	Overall 4.5 stars! Even though we were hesitant and skeptical of being so far from the strip we wanted to trust the reviews that we had read.Right off the bat service was excellent. And the menu was filled with delicious eats, good thing cause we were hungry. It was all pretty wonderful. Boneless wings, pizza bites, bastard cheese balls were amazing. So much flavor!We are foodies and love our food! We were not disappointed. I docked .5 star since my steak tacos were disappointingly dry and under seasoned. But, the rest of our experience was enough goodness to bring us back really soon. Maybe even next weekend!  Drink selection was massive. We had some delicious martinis and beer.To top off our night, owner Keri Kelli sat in seats right next to us. We will be back from California!
5	This place was so cool! Huge beer selection and great food. We went there during the day and it was definitely too dark inside for lunchtime. :p The service was really good, too. OK so let's talk mac and cheese. They have like 9 different kinds and they all look delicious. I got the buffalo chicken one, but modified it a bit by basically adding buffalo chicken to the "cheese please" which had 4 different kinds of cheeses. They were totally cool with that. I'm a woman who knows what I want when it comes to cheese. BEER. So many different kinds of interesting craft beers that I had never heard of. I got the "dirty old man" which made everyone laugh. It was super hoppy, but good. The keg was almost out and it was "heady" so I got this one on the house! So then I ordered the Alaskan Smoked Porter (I mean, my last name is Porter so I was born to love porters :p). Yum! I'd never had a beer that tasted so smokey, like your clothes smell after camping. I'll definitely be returning soon to try some of their other menu items. :)
1	Awful service. One waitress was more interested in socializing rather the making the bar more money or tips. Came in with a group of 5 people. Ready to spend. Difficult to get the waitress attention and when we finally verbalized our order, waitress litterally walked away mid sentence an disappeared. After finally bringing out the food order waitress dropped the drinking from table top onto one our friends laps. She quickly threw towels on her lap and ran off to get a new drink. After minutes of waiting we took a look around for the waitress with the replacement drink. Found her socializing. After she saw us walking up to the manager she quickly ran across the to refill the drink and hurried up to hand it to us in front of the manager.
1	If u have had enough to drink and want to drink water to sober up b4 u go home, u can't get it unless u buy their bottled water.   Not cool!!!!
4	Great food. Excellent beers on tap. What more could you want in life? I've been here quite the number of times and always had something new and delicious to try.
4	Lots of tvs! (great for sports) drinks are decently priced and its not really smokey so thats always a plus! I tried their shrimp mac and cheese. I would definitely go back for the mac and cheese!
4	The food was GREAT and the selection of beer was even better! The Staff could be a little more friendly but overall I would recommend this place
4	Excellent pizza.  I felt like the staff was not as friendly or accommodating as they could have been.  Great place to hang out - talk - watch games - have a good meal - enjoy Craft Beer!!
5	By far the best beer bar in Vegas! Always an amazing selection of craft beers on tap and the tap takeovers are always a good time. The menu is top notch, but the Buffalo Chicken Mac & Cheese is a must have. The service has always been outstanding also. Great bartenders!
1	We go to Aces and Ales a few times a month.  The food is fantastic.   The service though can be a little iffy.   So tonight we go to use a groupon that was a gift.   Our "server" Jennilee informs us - in the most condescending tone I have EVER heard that we were 7 minutes too late to use the coupon.  Well we had been sitting at the table and she had ignored us while flirting with some guy at the bar.    She then informs us that she saw us walk in and it didn't matter we were too late and the "system" wouldn't allow the sale.   Well our money spends just as well in a different establishment.  I was ready to leave.   My partner likes the beer selection and after working all day it was time to eat.   Jennilee then disappears after taking our order.  Never asks if we need anything, if we needed more drinks, are we still breathing.   Now the place was not busy.   There was 1 other table, 3 guys at the bar and a few people playing pool.  Jennilee stood at the bar flipping her hair and flirting with a guy.    Total disappointment.   Utter lack of customer service.   The personality of a dead bird.   It'll be a long looonnnggg time before I consider going back.
4	Nice selection of local micro brews. Service and atmosphere was good. Had the BBQ pizza and was very nice.
4	Aces & Ales is a no frills bar, with an odd lay out, 5 tables scattered throughout, a killer jukebox, a solid selection of craft and microbrews, solid bar food, and cheap drinks.Monday nights they have a huge karaoke following. Starts at 12 AM. Karate Karaoke. You can earn you way up to a black belt. It's a great way to meet people and to people watch.Came here for a friend's birthday and it was a great time. The place was clean, the staff was friendly and accommodating for our large group. I wish it wasn't clear on the other side of town for me because I would invite people to come play and hang out here. The ladies room was also clean, too, which is real struggle in Vegas outside of casinos and nightclubs. Definitely a fan of this place.
4	I'm a definite fan after one visit, and plan on checking Aces & Ales out again soon. It definitely has a great selection of beers with a solid pub-style menu. My buddy and I worked our way through 4 beers each with a steak wrap, a chicken bit of sorts, and fried cheese curds that everyone raved about. The service was great, and friendly, and the place quickly filled with regulars and tourists as we sat and enjoyed our grub. I'll definitely be back.
5	Heather was spot on with all recommendations - including the Ahi Tuna Salad, cheese balls and MY LORD the onion rings. Excellent beer selection, attentive service, and delicious food. Definitely give this place a try!
1	I went in with their offer of match play and it said:" Spend $20.00 and receive $20.00 of match play".Batender Bobby helped me The first.login was fine.  Eventually it stopped working. Bill Peterson from Gamblers bonus camen out as they were not able to fufill their end of the sgreement. He told me call 702-1-800-255-4777Be wary.
4	Truly an Ace!! This place is not your typical bar and a huge relief after seeing so many PT's pop out throughout the valley.Layout: We got here on a Monday afternoon at around 5 but soon after began to pile up for their huge karaoke night that started at 9pm (unfortunately we didn't have enough time to stay for it).  When you first walk in, there is a decently sized pool area on the left of the bar.  Continue to the right and the main bar is situated in the center with a few tables surrounding and a lone billiards table on the opposite end of the bar.  The area we sat was decorated with old beer levers, tap levers? whatever they're called but was really cool (the beers labeled on those levers are not all available for drinking).Service:  Our server was really nice and warned us that he was new but was motivated to make sure we got great service.  Later towards the night the billiards table ate my money and the bartender working there was very friendly as well*to play billiards ask for the balls first, once you're done and all the balls are inside, insert your four quarters to get them out.Food: Now being at a bar across town, I didn't want to opt for the traditional wings and wanted to choose something more original and specific to this location.  The selection of food is just right and you're not too overwhelmed with selections (like at cheesecake factory).  We picked the shrimp mac and cheese ($12.5), arrogant bastard onion rings ($6) and the Eddie Spaghetti pizza ($20).  The shrimp mac and cheese was probably the cheesiest i've had a mac and cheese.  Literally the cheese could be stretched from one end of the bar to the other.  Macaroni itself wasn't tough and there were a generous amount of shrimp.  Overall mac and cheese was like a 4/5.  The arrogant bastard onion rings were PHENOMENAL!! The batter on the rings were none that i've ever had before, so crispy, onion will preserved and just so much taste in that ring.  It comes with bbq and ranch but the ranch is enhanced with a blend of herbs to give it such a rich garlicky, cilantro-eeyy taste.  The pizza was also amazing and massive (16 inches).  The pizza has a spaghetti base with the cheese, sausage and pepperoni placed over it.  This was a delight!Alcohol: As the name suggests, there are only ale based beers on tap.  I think I saw someone drinking stella from a bottle but the menu features mostly ales.  The menu is extensive in terms of beer and other alcohols, literally like 6 pages of alcohol so I leave this part of the experience up to you! The only drawback were the serving portions of the alcohol.  They're not served in mugs or cups but in a shot glass that fits 2 big shots.  I mean the alcohol was there and got me feeling good, the content was a bit small.Overall: This place is a hip bar that offers a great alternative to your typical bars in Las Vegas.  Good selection of amazing food and alcohol, a fun and friendly environment to just hang out with a friend or to party and sing along with potential new friends. GET THE ONION RINGS ! !
5	Holy crap!!!!  What an amazing experience!  Jennilee is the Bomb!!  She was incredibly knowledgeable about all the beers being served ( which were some extremely rare and super delicious beers).  Amber was also awesome and super friendly.  The food here is outstanding as well.  I will recommend this place to all my friends and will come here regularly to enjoy the amazing selection of craft beers offered.
4	Love the bartenders, they are great. If the owners could just hire a cleaning crew to clean the bathroom that would be great. (Hire a cleaner don't make the bartenders do it that isn't their job)
5	Excellent choice of the more unusual & tasty craft beers on tap here. Great bottle choices too. Make sure to visit during their Strong Beer fest. Great food & fun bartenders,
2	Overpriced beer and food,  Main Street Station,  pale ale is just as good as this place, the place was dead when I was there.And whoever wrote that this is in a bad neighborhood doesn't know what a bad neighborhood looks like. Pussy. ..
1	Where to begin. I go to the west side location often and this location is the total opposite. My party and I went here due to our normal Sunday football bar being full so decided to try here. This location is a lot darker than the Westside spot. I had to use my phone light just to see the menu. We asked the waitress to change the game on the tv facing us to our teams game. She didn't know how to change the channels and asked if we could just watch it on the tv facing the other direction. After a few moments she figured out the tv and got it on. We ordered the pretzels and chicken tenders. The pretzels were ok, the chicken tenders (best in town according to our waitress) were horrible. They were way over cooked and had a weird taste. I excepted more out of Aces and Ale food. During our meal the waitress had to come over our heads and grab a beer tab on the wall above us. Nothing more annoying then having to stop eating to more for that, along with the dust falling all over us and our food. After that we got our $25 check and left to watch the games at the casino. We couldn't wait to leave. Worst sports bar I've ever been to.
4	Had a great time, nice little bar on the East side. They have a huge craft beer selection, the bartenders will help you find one you like! Surprisingly the food was great as well, better than normal bar food. (spaghetti pizza and onion rings - YUM)Best part was the Karaoke! They have Kool Katz karaoke on Monday nights, so fun,  Everyone had a great time.
4	Karaoke & Trivia nights are my main reason for coming back week after week. Bartenders are awesome & drink specials are also great.
4	Bartender / waitress Kim: 5 stars! Friendly, chatty, helpful, overall awesome. :) There are so many delicious beers to try and some bottled ones to take home. Next time I'm going to not DD so I can try more!Happy hour snacks: holy grease fire, batman! We had the beer bites, parmesan fries, onion rings, a couple of the grilled cheeses, and a cheese pizza - everything was tasty but I think we just weren't drunk enough to really appreciate the amount of grease these things were soaked in. Like many other bars in this 'hood, it is smoooookey in here but you (unfortunately) get used to it after a while.
4	Made two stops here this week while in Vegas. Once again friendly staff and great food. Great happy hour specials and you have to try the spaghetti pizza it's the best.
4	A little overpriced but overall great food and great beers. Most importantly, they have excellent bartenders. The bartender with the crazy Mohawk is possibly the greatest bartender of all time.
5	This is by far one of the best places to drink beer in Las Vegas. Sure, there are large chains that have more beers, but no place else has the constant variety Aces offers. At last count there were over 40 beers to taste. At each visit, the beer list is a drastic departure from your previous visit. They even have tap takeovers where breweries small and large get to showcase their selections. Certain bottles will always be available, but if you're looking for $2 miller lite, this is not the right place. Because there are so many options, I suggest a tasting. On Tuesday, there is always a tasting and food special. As far as the tasting, you get 6 of your choice and on Tuesday the bartender throws in one of his favorites gratis. As far as the menu, everything we've tried has been excellent from burgers and sandwiches to specialty Mac and Cheese. But the real stars as far as food are the Tuesday specials. They made a lobster bisque in a bread bowl one week that wasn't just good; it was astonishing. Lastly, the staff is friendly and engaging. Not sure what beer you want? They'll give you a sip before you commit. Confused what to eat? Tell the waitress or bar tender what you're drinking and they'll give you options for pairing.My only complaint is that I live across town. But it's worth the drive.
2	i'm not one to wright reviews about restaurants but i just couldn't ignore the awful time we had this past weekend. i love this bar. i really do. the selection of beer is amazing and the food is even better. but the service is beyond lacking and that's why i only give it 2 stars. keep in mind that if this had happened to me only once at this bar, i wouldn't even write this review and just chalk it up to a bad night. But  its happened just about every time we go there and i'm sad to say this past weekend will probably be the last time we go there.we came in with a group of 5 people. we sat down and ordered some beer and food. i wouldn't have called it a busy night by any means. service was good for about 30 minutes. then it slowed. while we waited for her to come back, we were able to make eye contact with her, to which she ignored and took the long way around the bar into the kitchen to put in other orders. she then proceeded to hide in the bar area so we couldn't see her. her avoidance tactics were on point.after sitting without service for a good 40 minutes we finally got fed up and were somehow able to get her attention. when we asked her to split the tab for she she said she wouldn't and copped a bit of an attitude. she dropped the tab at the table and stormed off. this happens just about every time we go to this bar. unfortunately I've never been served by any other server at this bar, and maybe that's the issue. Maybe she's just not fond of her job. at any rate if a larger group was to come into my restaurant, i would want to see that they were well taken care of, at least for the sake of a few good tips. needless to say we went down the street to Tenaya Creek where one bartender kept everyone happy all night. if you're going to go to Aces and Ales, maybe just place a ToGo order for the food and buy a growler of what ever beer you want, (if they still offer that option) and go home.
4	A little to dark but very good service with large portions. The staff was great drinks were excellent. Went on Sunday night a little crowded.
4	Pretty cool little place, a lot of Tvs and a few pool tables. They have a good selection of food from burgers to Mac n cheese. The beer list isn't bad either about 20 on draft, and they also have bottles. I would defiantly say a place to go check out.
