4	THIS CITY OF HENDERSON MULTI-USE TRAIL CELEBRATES THE RAILROAD    The Union Pacific Trail celebrates the Union Pacific Railroad. Instead of the City of Henderson building a "railroad to bike trail", they built "a railroad along a bike trail". Throughout the duration of the Union Pacific Trail, it parallels the Union Pacific Railroad (there is a fence separating pedestrian and train).  Being a spur railroad line in an age where trucking dominates commerce, trains have a minute presence. Beyond the Poly Link West Complex (between the I-515 and State College Drive segment), the railroad is in disrepair, and actually disappears at sections. However, there are signs that the railroad is still alive. In back of the Poly Link West Complex  there are sidings and usually a train. The train that tests motorist's patience waiting 10 minutes for it to cross a Henderson highway is enjoyable to watch when walking on a multi-use trail. A few hundred feet beyond the southeast terminus, looking across US 93/95 at Railroad Pass, you might be rewarded with a view of the Historic Boulder City train, if you catch it at the right time.    The Union Pacific Trail also celebrates small animals. On my hikes along it, I saw a plentitude of bunny rabbits. Between the I-515 underpass and Poly Link West Complex, there is a mini habitat where chipmunks live. Over the shaded segment near the Poly Link West center, an abundance of birds fly above. And there were your canines.    The Union Pacific Trail is a continuation of the I-215 mult-use trail From Acacia Demonstration gardens to east of Paradise Hills Drive. Access to the Union Pacific Trail is at Acacia Demonstration Gardens and all railroad crossings east of it. The City of Henderson Trail Map shows a proposal to extend the Union Pacific Trail southeast across US 93/95 to the River Mountains Loop Trail in Railroad Pass and northwest to Pecos Road.    I recommend spending two separate hikes on it. Hike 1) From either Acacia Demonstration Gardens, Downtown Henderson via Greenway Drive, or the Fiesta Henderson to Horizon Drive a spot halfway in the trail with restaurants. Hike 2) Horizon Drive to the southeast terminus by Paradise Hills Drive. On Saturday, May 19, my third hike along it, I hiked it from Horizon Drive to the southeast terminus near Railroad Pass.  The trail is flat and asphalt up to Paradise Hills Drive. In the near future I would like to rehike it from Acacia Demonstration Gardens to Horizon Drive.***There will most likely be a review update when I rehike the Acacia Demonstration Gardens to Horizon Drive segment.
4	Close to the house and its close to the acacia gardens. Great for bike riding and jogging. The only crappy part is the freeway scenery.
3	There are many trail systems around Henderson.  The Union Pacific Railroad Trail is a very nice for bikers, runners, walkers and of course fur babies.  It follows along side I-215 going east and then running along the tracks. It is widely paved with sporadic lighting along the way.   For our doggie friends, there are waste cans and bags available in various spots.  Part of the trail that we used, we weren't treated to much shade.   During the summer months it could be pretty brutal.  Id probably only recommend it when it cools down a bit.  Happy Trails To You!
