3	I saw her for my annual pap exam in 2009. She was nice and was pleasant to deal with, during the exam. However, when I was telling her about my fertility issues, she sounded like she wanted me to buy the products in her office (I don't know what they were, what the name was, but it all sounded all too familiar, pyramid scam). Since I had already seen another doctor for those issues and would be seeing Dr. Shapiro, was not interested in anything else at the moment, especially when I was undergoing all the necessary tests. So, if you are going to get an annual with her, be aware of the side job.
5	This Lady is legit.  She is a tough broad with a awesome bedside manner.  Im not big on going to the doctor, actually I freakin hate it.  So my friend in her 50's talked me (dragged me in kicking & screaming) into going since Id not been to the OB/GYN in years (yeah, Im that lady).  Anywho, she is such a badass & helped me with my IUD.  Hell yes !  Plus she makes me not feel as awkward about going to the "lady Dr".  Now, she does Hormone & thyroid stuff too.  The best part about this fabulous lady is that she doesnt try to kill me with RX or vitamins.  Yeah, I bought the evening primrose oil there for $15.  Started sleeping like a baby.  Then my Progesterone was weird, so went in & Doc Butler put me on Bio Identical Progesterone from the compound pharmacy.  Cheap as shit & I feel good.Then my thyroid went all low on me.  So went to one holistic hippy MD & he put me on too much holistic & pharmaceutical shit, & Doc Butler dialed me in.I finally have met a DR I do trust with my life.  Im so pleased to be a patient of hers & would recommend her to anyone with IUD, Hormone or Thyroid problems.To Your Health & Mine !xo
5	THE. BEST. Along with four friends, Tikva Butler is our "go to gal" for OB/GYN issues, and anything else, because she treats the entire person - holistic approach. She is the first physician who took the time to sit down with me (in her office) and discuss my lifestyle...and my husbands, which I thought was odd at the time, but the feedback she gave me was very useful. She identified some hormone problems and I am now on a testosterone regimen and feel great knowing that she is actively monitoring me and cares. She does sell her own line of supplements and will recommended what you need (hello? she is a naturopath and will do *that* approach prior to handing you an rx), but NEVER have I felt pressured, only grateful. In fact, the few supplements she has recommended have made a positive difference. On the flip side, my friend was prepping for an long international trip and Butler loaded her up with prescriptions  "just in case". Awesome blend of Eastern and Western philosophy.Now, I have no idea why she works out of that hell-hole of an office, beware...you will feel like you are at the welfare office. With her talent she could be charging big bucks in an upscale area. If you can get past that environment, you will be beyond thankful for her services!
5	I've been a patient of Dr. Butlers for almost three years now...she is hands down one of the best OBs I've ever been to. She helped get me and my hormonal issues under control.
