4	Awesome place. The food is delicious, the prices are super cheap and the staff was friendly and prompt.
4	This is one of the best inidian restos in its class (low frills, low $) in Montreal. Run by friendly, happy people who can cook this spot was a real find (thanks Yelp). Went there with my girlfriend last night before going to the soulless AMC for soulless comedy. Definitely the best part of the night. Very tasty plate of food for $8. Guy came around to deliver steaming hot naan right out of the oven. Will definitely be going back. My only complaint is that it's not closer to my house and there's not much life in its neighbourhood.
2	Pathetic portion sizes with poor flavour, not worth the money. So many better Indian options in the city
4	Amazing value for money!  Highly recommended.  All prices include tax.  For $8 (veg.) or $9 (non-veg.) you will be completely filled by their 3-choice thali plates, which include salad, rice, *naan*, and papadum.The $5 wraps are also great. The decor leaves something to be desired, but at least they play decent Indian music, and not Top 40 radio.
4	Terrific value for money!  Highly recommended.  All prices include tax.  For $8 (veg.) or $9 (non-veg.) you will be completely filled by their 3-choice thali plates, which include salad, rice, *naan*, and papadum.The $5 wraps are also great.I wish they priced their Gulab Jamun (sweet dessert balls) a little lower, and/or a better price on multiples of 3 or 4.   The decor leaves something to be desired, but at least they play decent Indian music, and NOT Top 40 radio.
4	Amazing value for money!  Highly recommended.  All prices include tax.  For $8 (veg.) or $9 (non-veg.) you will be completely filled by their 3-choice thali plates, which include salad, rice, NAAN, and papadum.The $5 wraps are also a fantastic value/quality. The owner(?) and the gentleman with the turban are really nice.  I wish they would offer a bhuna or rogan josh (fish as a protein would be nice too!), and the washroom and decor should be improved, but but at least they usually play decent Indian music, and not crappy Top 40 radio!
4	My wife is Malaysian and I lived there for 2 yrs. We had indian food almost everyday over there. Since we moved to Montreal 4-5 yrs ago we've been looking for authentic indian food that tastes like the one in Malaysia. Thali is it. Finally, after at least 8-9 different restaurants we found one that is exactly what we were looking for.The dahl (they call is Sambar) is the best in Montreal, by far. I had been craving it since Malaysia and Thali got it right.Prices are great and the staff nice. This is as good as it gets.
5	Very good Indian food, quick service, great price. I eat mostly the vegetarian dishes from there, but have heard that the meat ones are just as good.
4	A secret gem off the path. Delicious and quite reasonably priced.
5	This place is wicked! I definitely enjoyed eating here. The food is great and cheap.. just the way I like it. You will be full after eating here. I met a south Indian who was in Montreal for two months with work. When I ask whether he had been to this restaurant before his response was "everyday".I had gotten a mango lassi with my meal (because i felt like spoiling myself). I was pretty good especially given the fact that it was pre-made. Just before leaving we ordered chai. It took a while to make it as it was made from scratch but was definitely worth the wait. It was one of the best chai I have had.
4	This restaurant has much improved since it first opened and they now have great food with fantastic portions and amazing prices. I am a huge fan and love having it in the hood
3	Thali = Value for MoneyPlus$9 for a Non-Veg thali is a steal deal - an assortment of meats and vegetarian accompanied with Indian bread and rice.Veg thali goes for $8Dessert is not bad eitherService is quick (esp. for take outs)Not so PlusI think the one "don't have it" dish here is the biryani - it was terrible - tasted like spicy rice with shredded chicken in it. Seriously!!I don't like it when someone messes with a Biryani..:pI could be very critical when it comes to Indian food - to me this place is A-OK. I have had better butter chicken's and biryanis and both of them here are not up to my standards.I've found another place that serves a decent biryani - but will blah about it in my next reviewPrice is tax includedDecor - nothing to mentionService - passableNo Wifi
5	It's good for what it is. It's a very tasty, very inexpensive, tiny cafeteria-ish place. Don't expect luxury, just very good food.
4	Located just a few blocks from Concordia, it's tucked away on a side street ensuring cheap rent and awesome prices for some really delicious food.  The Tandori chicken was my favorite especially when eating it with garlic nan.  It was a little intimidating the first time since the menu/ordering process wasn't totally clear for the buffet line, but when I approached with a deer in the headlights look the guy manning the cash register sorted me out.For a treat I picked up a mango lassi which was decent enough for being more than an ocean's distance from any mango trees.Thali works well as a quick and grungy establishment to stuff your gourd and carry on with your day.  The food is cheap, portions are large, and it's on your plate within minutes.  Thali also works when you are hankering for Indian food, not the best I've had but a decent approximation.Bottom line, I'll be back for plenty more food at this hidden gem.
3	Good fast and cheap Indian food. Not the best in Montreal, for that head over to Park Extension or go to Ganges, but Thali is fine if you're down town, need good Indian (stay away from Buffet Maharaja!)Their Mango Lassi is excellent!
5	Amazing curry. Sooooo affordable. Butter chicken is to die for. Chicken tikka done great. Been dozens of times and will go back. Their naan bread is wicked. Feels authentic in terms of the food. Minus the beef curry but still delicious. Go. Eat. Here. When you crave curry.
4	I had a great meal there - friendly, quick service and really good food that doesn't skimp on the spice.  For the area, it's a great value - especially the non-vegetarian thali, which is excellent.  There are, of course, cheaper and better places in Montreal, up in little India (near Jean-Talon - I'm thinking of Bombay Mahal and Maison Indian Curry) but in the downtown and downtown-proximate area, this is the closest I've found.  Definitely a go-to place when you've got a craving for good Indian food.
2	I can see the appeal of this place. It's cheap, it seems homemade and overall I like that its laid back and doesn't seem dolled up.I had the butter chicken which I found delicious, but I am not a butter chicken connoisseur and I am not sure it would stand up to other ones. The lamb curry wasn't great, the flavor was passable but the meat was chewy. The cauliflower and potato was good.The naan bread was the best part. very delicious.We were sitting right at the front window and the down turn happened when I noticed a dead fly squished between the paper signs taped up on the wall. When I went to the bathroom the wall in the hallway was dirty and the light switch was filthy.It seems really nit-picky, but, these are all things that could EASILY be improved upon, if they just took a little time to clean the place. It doesn't need to be fancy, but basic cleanliness would be nice!
5	I was visiting Montreal from the US and happened to discover this little know spot. The platters are more than a complete meal (with only the dessert missing) with large and testy portions at great prices.  Being close to McGill and Corcordia the restaurant  keeps the prices low as they cater primarily to students.Decor is simple and very low key but the restaurant, tables, utensils etc are clean and not getto. Coming from NY where there is no shortage of Indian Restaurants I was impressed with this place. If you are craving some good Indian food without breaking your budget try it out. You wont be disappointed. Tasty food atreasonable prices.
3	Thali is what I would call "extreme casual eating". The $9 plate is a heck of a lot of food - so much so that the plate is more like a metal platter, with generous dollops of curries, rice, naan, and vegetables. The food was fresh, varied, and leaving your fork with a constant decision of what to scoop next."Extreme" also reflects the dining. Tables are setup like a coffee shop. You order yourself, pick up the food yourself, and clean out your plate at the end. A surprise, since from the street it looks like more a typical waited-table restaurant, but also highly ideal for anybody who needs to eat-and-go without the usual tips and tables fluff.Listing downsides under such extreme eating conditions comes off a bit hollow, but should be mentioned anyway. They seem understaffed - I felt more like I was eating at a Singapore stall than an enclosed restaurant, and getting water was not exactly intuitive. The money saved on the main dish is easily swallowed if you want to order any of the side items - Lassi, Bhaji, etc - which turned out to be a bit expensive.I don't think Thali is revolutionary eating. If you've already made your mind up on Indian cuisine this is unlikely to change your mind. But if if you want a lot of food, fast - say it's office lunch hour - Thali should be an obvious target.
1	Checked this place out again for a second time.The first time? Food was crap, place was unhygenic and service was just really unfriendly.Second recent visit? Oh boy how do I start? The service is still self serve. Although it really wouldnt hurt having a cheery person behind the counter. It will still give the place a nice restaurant vibe instead of the "whats your order/the total/your order will be at the end of line" Hmm..The place however was a bit nicely kept this time, and more cleaner. I happened to visit them in the hottest of montreal summer heat days and them not having an AC or big windows just really didnt make me want to stay longer.The food itself was a biiig negative to me. And honestly its not even that cheap. I found the prices standard in general. There are various "cheap" desi restos around  the desi bazaar location. So by saying that you are getting what you pay for is a lie. My mango lassi didnt even cut the mark of being a proper lassi (extremely sweet and watery).. and I only had ordered chana samosa. I dont know what they were playing here because my chana samosa was not even chaan samosa, they just put the daal with half raw samosas, a little yogurt with just a load of mint chutney. Mint chutneyy???  I couldnt even go half past the dish. On being a desi person and having eaten Various versions of chana samosa, I have never even seen a fusion style have mint chutney in it. I tried my husbands thali a little bit, and even that didnt taste anything special. I understand its hard to put a little bit changes in a dish especially when youre dealing with Indian food but they can at least try a bit more variations in their dishes :) On a positive note I think the place has potential if they improve the food quality for the same price.Verdict: If I want to have home cooked indian food, I can just stick to my own kitchen.
1	I've been here twice already, and I have to agree with some of the reviews here. It's cheap, but that's about it. The place is not very large and there are only about 10 tables all crammed into it. This evening a man inadvertently  slammed into his neighbour's table and knocked over one of said neighbour's dishes ....with the yet untouched food in it! That's how cramped the seating area is; as for the food, nothing to write home about.
1	I have been there one time, And I will never repeat it. The food was not hot at all, and not good.
3	It's definitely a hole in the wall. Came here with my friends for a long weekend. Their food definitely has a kick to it. The best deal is to get a plate served cafeteria style with your choice of 2 meats and a veggie. Came out to about $10 per plate. Their butter chicken was very good, but the other curries didn't blow me away. Great place to eat after a few drinks.
4	My go-to Indian delivery in Montreal. I haven't actually ever been to this restaurant, but I order from Thali several times a month, and it is always consistently delicious(which is rare for delivery!)Normally, I get the butter chicken and the kebab appetizer and a serving of rice.... mouth-watering is probably the only way to describe it. Always tastes fresh and beyond flavorful.
4	PROS:1. Cheap eats!! You get your bang for your buck here. Lots of meaty & vegetarian options.2. Food is yummy. Their mango lassi is made with HOMEMADE yogurt which makes it really tasty.CONS:1. The silver platter thingy awkwardly sits on top of a tray.OVERALL:-Go here for a casual meal. I prefer this place than the indian buffet places around mtl.
2	I came here once and don't think I'll be going back. The food was passable, and the service was commensurate to the price. However, there was something that I did not like about its business concept:According to the menu, a combination plate (a thali) gives you 2 meat choices and 1 vegetable choice. Two meat choices can be anything that's available like "butter chicken" or "lamb curry", etc. The issue I have with this restaurant is that, according to the waiter, you cannot chose the same meat twice. For example, I love butter chicken and I don't care for the other meats. However, I cannot chose butter chicken twice as my two meats. I have to chose something else. Why?Is it something so hard to do? Will it cause the business to go in financial ruins if I choose "butter chicken" twice instead of for example "butter chicken + lamb curry"? In any case, on my last visit, I was forced to choose "butter chicken + lamb curry" instead of "butter chicken + butter chicken"...But I guess this incidence was a blessing in disguise anyways as the butter chicken wasn't even that good.
4	Had a meat thali and it was good and large enough to share, the price was right and the naan and butter chicken were pretty good, although the samosa was a bit on the doughy side. probably one of the better Indian options in the vicinity around Concordia.
5	The Best Indian food I had in Montreal. The restaurant customers are mostly students, so don't expect to have nice decor and ample space. However, food is cheap and authentic. For $9, you will have a non-veg dish with a choice of two non-veg and one veg serving, plus rice and a naan. Food is really tasty and spicy, just the way I like it!  Mango lassis are really good here too!One thing though, my 3 year-old son did not eat anything except for the butter chicken, rice and naan. Everything else was too spicy for him.
5	I give them 5 stars because I go there twice a week because I love it. It is the only straight-up indian home-like food I've found in Canada so far. BUUUUUT, it is a hit or miss. Never consistent. I've been there over a hundred times, and probably disliked it 40 times. But when its good... it... is.... so... soooo... SOOOOO GOOD. If you ever go and its average, give it a second chance. And, heck, even a third! Once you get it on a tasty day, you'll want to live there.
4	Fantastic! Vegan friendly, delicious little hole in the wall. Huge bang for your buck. Loved it!
5	My favorite Indian food downtown.  It's very authentic, inexpensive, and very tasty.  I like getting the curry chicken, it's quite spicy.  The butter chicken is also very good.  I also dip whatever is left with the naan bread.  It's not as spacious and a small deli style seating.  I always pick up or eat in there sometimes before it gets super packed.  Really really good Indian food.
4	We ordered two combo plates and they had a good selection of meat and vegetables. Everything was good, definitely will be back. This place gets crowded, we were lucky to get there right before all the tables filled up.
4	Ah! There is nothing like a cafeteria. Raw and sentimental heartache relics of high school. The cafeteria is the great social schism. I couldn't sit with the cool kids because I was coming down with a fever that day. The jocks we're not shy with wedgies. I sat with the geeks, only because they thought I was good in math. Really I wasn't. All that fore wording to articulate that the restaurant does not serve tables. Order, receive and pay at the counter. Now, where do I socially belong? Where can I sit? Who can I sit next to? Fortunately, I was the only patron there. Painful introspection avoided!I had the lamb and beef thali. I tasted a well blend of mustard seeds, cumin, chili and cloves. Well portioned and the spinach side dish was also of equivalent amount. I never enjoy the papadam or any, not just theirs.
5	The food is great! Thali (3 dishes, butter naan, rice and salad) for less than $10 (vege or non-vege).If you like spicy food I definitely recommend it!
3	Ok, so the curries were decent, the portion generous at super reasonable prices, but to give Thali 4 or 5 stars would be injustice to great Indian restaurants elsewhere in the city. I was mostly unimpressed by their rice, which was as plain as a white t-shirt. No (obvious) seasonings, which in turn led to no wonderful aromas that typically come with Indian rice. Their naan was also soggy and tasted like plain thick bread. Most of all, I was disappointed in my butter chicken, which tasted spicy, but nothing else. Having said that, I admit that I like my butter chicken a little sweet, so perhaps this is just a matter of preference. I still enjoyed my meal, but it fell short of my expectations, especially after having read the rave reviews writted by other Yelpers.
5	A taste of India even the PQ can't hate!!!!Great quality, great service, even better price point. for 9 dollars you get 2 meat choices and a vege choice plus rice and salad and nann bread.  Also they have great vegetarian only selections.The choices i like are butter chicken, chicken curry, chana masala (aka awesome chick peas) If your looking for a great treat on a cold winter day and don't want to break the bank,Thali is for you!
4	This is definitely my go-to Indian food restaurant in Montreal. It's TOTALLY satisfying every single time, fast, and really, really affordable. Perfect for a lunch fix when you're in a rush. Typically I share a plate with my lunch date, whoever it happens to be, because it's enough food for both of us, especially if we order an extra piece of naan. I'm going to keep this review simple, because the Thali experience is simple: order at the cash, pay, give your slip to the guy behind the food counter and select your choice of meat or veggie dishes from the buffet-type spread. Water is in a thermos-style jug at the side of the counter, and stainless steel glasses are stacked next to it. Serve yourself. It's always packed here but somehow you'll find a seat when you're ready to sit down. It's got sort of a seedy-type, hole-in-the-wall interior, but who cares? The food is worth it.
4	Indian food is my weakness, so descovering this place had a double importance for me: i needed to eat something quickly and i wanted to discover a new indien restaurant in Montreal.The samoza was delicious, but very spicy and too many ingredients on the plate. Looking weird. The mango yogurt was too sweet. Why do they add so much sugar if they use good mangos. The condensed milk desserts were delicious. Prices were really friendly: CAD 12 for the meal.The place is not for people who want to take their time, enjoying the meal in a nice atmosphere. It's crowdy, not very clean.
3	not bad.
4	There's no place you'll find such delicious Indian food for so cheap! 9$ gets you two meat choices, a veggie, rice, salad, papadum and naan...I mean, come on! The mango lassi is also a win!
4	Solid, affordable Indian food. Enjoyed the butter chicken and chili chicken.
2	I went to eat there last night with my family so we were four walking in.We wanted to eat indian and I saw this restaurant reviewed 4 out of 5 on yelp so decided to try it. I wanted to try it in the past but it was packed. So we walk in and it's pay at the counter thing. The tables are disposed to have the maximum capacity.. almost like a cafeteria. I have to say something, for the price, it was very cheap. it cost 41$ for the four of us and we were full. Since I am asian, I am used to eat spicy, and have tried a few indian restaurants. So no, it was not that good food. It was OK.It was cheap I agree and quick food to get, so maybe if you're in a hurry.Butter chicken was tastelessSpicy chicken was spicy I agreeThe curry beef ? okay that was okNaan was not hotRice was ok indeedveggies were the best I believe too. It sucks to give two stars, but it goes with the i've experienced better. I haven't tried the mango lassi though...
4	I absolutely LOVE indian food. Majority of the food was spicy - but SOO good. Butter chicken is always a good one though. Plating size is very worth it - I can never finish all the food. Somosa's - yum! I believe I paid $11 - very good price for what I had. This is more of a place for quick eating. It's decor is not fantastic and the organization of tables is a little messy. But I'm here for food - so I don't really mind.
3	Decided to try this place since I live right nearby. When I walked in, it wasn't packed and it wasn't fully clear whether you order at the cash first or at the food counter. FYI you pay first and then receive your food.I chose a thali mix of lamb curry, butter chicken, and Chana Masala. The butter chicken was kind of bland so I have definitely had better considering this is a staple in most places. The rest was very good. I really enjoy the amount of food they give you for the money. Another thing I tried was the meat and vege samosas. I am a pretty big meat eater, but the vegetarian samosa is the better of the two. Very tasty!The place does have a quick cafeteria/cafe feel. This means that you don't get the full sit down restaurant feel, but it does allow you to get your food as fast as possible. Great for takeout!
4	I love indian food and I am used to eat a lot of it. Thali is very small and usually packed so most of the time, I call in to order and go pick up my food.I've tried almost everything but I stick to the butter chicken as it is my favourite East-Indian dish. Naan bread is usually not that warm which sucks because it would taste better if it was served very hot.Be careful, 80% of their food is very spicy!+++: they sell Thumbs Up :).
3	Came here for dinner while visiting Montreal and was underwhelmed. Had the beef curry, butter chicken and saag paneer. Every curry I had was runny and fairly bland. Don't see myself returning when I'm back in town.
4	Simple, inexpensive, and quick! Good for lunch and dinner. The staff is friendly, and the food is delicious. The only real downside is that the place is small, and with the tables and many patrons, can feel a bit cramped. Great authentic indian sweets! Definitely worth a visit!
4	Really good food for the price i've been going to this place for years and still love it the wraps are super good and my favourites items are the butter chicken, cheese spinach, and lamb curry.
