5	I have been a return customer for five years after finding MTC Las Vegas. They have always been fair and honest with their work, prices and parts. They have even taken the time to find  parts for a few of my classic bikes which I was unable to locate. They have earned my trust and business....keep up the good work and you have earned a loyal customer.
5	I have been a customer of MTC for several years now after being disappointed and over charged by many of the other service centers in town. In the last month alone they have installed two sets of tires for me, serviced one of the bikes,  and are going through another. I can say I have been very pleased with their work and they have always come through for me. I am glad they ask questions about my bikes and the service I am getting, instead of just doing what I ask. They have found several other issues with my bikes that I did not know I had to include a cracked weld. My hats off to you guys Thanks for the honest and fair service and always taking it a step above for customer service.
3	Got a quote via their website and got quick response,  Called them just in case to make sure they had the type of tire I wanted, They didn"t, but said they will order it and be in from Cali in couple days. I went first thing Monday and they had my tire.  45 mins wait and had it balanced & mounted. Good Fast service and reasonable price (much cheaper than Dealership). Not too hip about the area though. The only negative thing I noticed was that the new tire only had 36psi when it should be 42psi and noticed couple scratches on my black rim and was very dirty, they could have been more gentler, after all it's a brand new bike. Over all, I will go back again for my next tire purchase.
5	My favorite local shop. Unlike Cycle gear this place is happy to mount a tire you buy from them and often right on the spot. Buy a tire from Cycle Gear and they act like you're asking them to sacrifice their 1st born child if they mount the tire you just bought from them on the same day. MTC is the way to go.
5	Very fast, friendly service and a locally owned shop. They have the largest selection of motorcycle tires in town from cruiser, sport bikes, dirt bikes, 4wheelers and dual sport / adventure bikes. I have been a customer for 5 years, they not only offer tires but service too.
5	Fantastic and affordable.  We showed up on a Sunday morning when they opened In 25 minutes we were out of there with a new tire mounted and balanced. They had a great selection of tires.  Their prices compare reasonably to mail order / Internet shops.  I bought a motorcycle cargo net and a few other items.  This place has great accessories, knowledgeable and helpful people and we highly recommend it to all riders passing through Las Vegas.  MTC reportedly does all the wheel repair and balance work for larger M/C dealerships in the area and I believe it; they're clearly  tire and wheel experts.
5	Quick and wonderful service all I needed is a tube in my tire and they got it done in 20 minutes not to mention they found the issue that caused my tube to go flat. Great bunch of guys 5 stars for the win.
5	Great staff, super.friendly. Thanks !
5	Best shop in town for tires and mechanical work! They have been the only shop in town to touch my bikes since I started using them 5 years ago! very reasonable prices, straight forward and honest with their work, no suprises at the end of the day.
5	Took two wheels and tires in to have them mounted. They said it would take 45 minutes but were done in 30. Super friendly staff! Exactly the way a business should operate. Highly recommend!
5	I've been coming to this shop since 2010 for all the routine maintenance and repairs on my SV650. They always have the right parts in stock, they do good work, and they are extremely honest. They're also not usually busy on weekdays, so you just can drop by and they get started right away.I should mention I am female and not mechanically minded, which is a recipe for getting fleeced by most mechanics... but not here. They don't "upsell" me on parts or services I don't need. If they see an issue, they always say something like "keep an eye on this, bring it in if xyz symptom develops."I came in today because my brakes have been feeling really weak and spongy. They said the pads are just "glazed," everything else is in perfect working order, and the brakes will be good as new once they scuff the pads up. Saved me $150 on new brakes that I thought I needed!
5	I've lived in Las Vegas for over 20 years. MTC has been my go to place for all of my motorcycle needs. They offer fair prices on tires and their installation. They tackle issues that are beyond my limits, but they are happy to lend advice on other issues that I wish to tackle myself. I have only great things to say about this place. They're always friendly and fair. A true mom and pop motorcycle shop in sin city.
5	The parking lot was absolutely filthy, as I drove up I had very low expectations but just as they say, don't judge the book by it's cover. The guys were extremely friendly, the shop was clean, the service was very quick and they took care of me right away, even not letting me buy on services I didn't need. Prices for things I did need were average, not the best but hey to ride is a privilege not a right, pay up:)Will definitely come back.
1	Very disappointed. Went in for a carb sync and they ended up breaking a bolt connecting my Throttle cable to my carb. Then tried to hide it with Zip Ties and JB Weld but I discovered it two days later while doing work myself. Also they disconnected some wires and then I had to find the disconnections myself to make my gauge work properly. I've used them several times and will never trust them again with anything. You get what you pay for I Guess.
5	Good, fast tire swap, ordered and arrived the next day.  Fair if not stellar price.  Good guys.  Scary parking lot (and I spend a lot of time downtown, lol).
4	While visiting Las Vegas I needed a front tire. These guys had what I needed and even made a recommendation on the weight rating for the tire.Marvin was fantastic and he is always friendly, the tire tech on the other hand is a bit different. If you have a custom bike he will complain like a Jewish mother. He is great at working on stock bikes but if it is custom you better put aside 3 hours to sit on their couch and catch a well deserved hangover nap (hey don't judge me it's Vegas).
