5	Anyone can build a nice building. It's the people that make it special. Your repair staff and office staff are some of the most friendly and responsive I've ever experienced. The building is also clean and manicured to perfection. What's not to like?
4	In the short time I have lived here it's been a pleasant experience. The grounds are highly maintained  and the staff are friendly and quick to respond. They also remember your name and that is certainly a plus living in the community, and they sign and hold your packages which helps a lot. Only downside is that the work out area is small and doesn't provide much motivation, and sometimes the free computers are busy and there is no paper in the printer.Other then these two issues, I think Courtney, Brooke and Jason are wonderful along with the rest of the staff, and this is certainly one of the best locations in Phoenix.The apartments themselves have high ceilings which still doesn't distract from  noise from neighbors above, and the vertical blinds get noisy with the ceiling fans on. The island kitchen is great and decent size bathrooms along with a small laundry closet that works for small loads. Refrigerator, dishwasher, stove and microwave are in black which I happen to love. Countertops are nicer then your standard apartments. We enjoy living here and would highly recommend it.
2	We have lived here now for around six months and this is the experience we've had so far:First off, the folks at the community are generally nice and the staff in the front office is great and the maintenance staff have been great.The apartments themselves are nice and roomie, although the material (especially the carpet) seems quite cheap and you can actually see it pull up when you vacuum.I've had two major issues that have put a real damper on living hear. The main one is the noise. From 7am-1am every day we have the privilege of listening to people scream across the hall, every time someone walks in and out of their front doors they slam them (which our dog does not care for), and worst is the noise coming from upstairs. When moving in, we were told there was a slab of concrete, so hearing neighbors upstairs shouldn't be much of an issue, unfortunately, every time our neighbors take a step we can hear them moving. I'm not sure if they're the heaviest steppers eve (which I doubt), but the amount we can hear them moving is loud enough to keep us up at night.Secondly, when I asked about moving apartments (actually to upgrade from a 1 bedroom to a 2 bedroom) I was told there would be a $500 transfer fee. I would understand this more if we were moving to a different property in the building, but we're literally talking moving to the other side of the same building. Between that, and hiring movers, plus the addition rent, it would literally end up costing us almost an extra $1500 over the next six months.My suggestion if you choose to live here is to try and be on the third floor and to make sure you don't want to upgrade because it will end up costing you a lot in the end.
