3	Got these guys to make me a club sandwich even though it isn't on the menu (I like pushing my luck) and they were more than happy to accommodate me. There wasn't any room for me to sit down inside and the seats were wet from the rain shower earlier in the day, so I decided to eat it on the bus (homeless style!)I could have sworn they left the bread out in the rainstorm, it was wetter than a sponge, I could only eat a few bites then I had to throw it away. It was a shame because the filling was beautiful.Broke my wee heart.
4	Qupi cafe is a cosy, unusual little cafe situated in the part of Leith that is a bit devoid of cultural offerings (sorry, it has to be said).So this place shines out like a wee gem! Always crowded but not overrun, the constant custom stands as a testament to how popular Qupi is amongst locals and passers by. It sells some delicious Greek food, not to mention the usual cafe and afternoon tea offerings. Food is served up piping hot and brimming with goodness.There is definitely a rustic but also continental feel to this cafe, and I got the impression everything in here was homemade on the day since it was so fresh. For the quality of the food, the prices are surprisingly low. The staff are very friendly, attentive and sharp, so you're not lingering about waiting to be served for ages. On the contrary, I felt well looked after.This is the kind of place I delight in bringing a book to and setting myself up for an afternoon of reading. No matter how busy it is there is something relaxed about this homely, quirky cafe and it has a charming appeal that will see me coming back next time I'm in this neck of the woods!
3	The sheer amount of times I have passed this place on the bus and wondered how to correctly pronounce the name is the main reason one day I got off the bus and threw cautuon to the wind and headed into Qupi. The cafe itself is a little bit on the shabby side, and very small. The food is an eclectic mix of greek and traditional cafe fare. I'm not sure that this combination works together, but judging by the sheer number of people who passed in and out of the doors as I sat eating goes to show that some people must really appreciate this place. The staff were friendly and very efficiant, managing to get through customers like a machine gun through tissue paper. Rather impressive.As for the pronunciation of the name, I'm still not sure.
4	This is cool little Greek Cafe, and I have to say that the food was sooo delicious!! We had 2 sharing platters ( Yes we are fatties!!) One was a a mix of hummus, Aubergine salad, bread & the other with bread, Pork , fries.....it was just lovely. The girls who served us were very friendly and i particularly loved the cafe decor... it had a fun ecletic mix of chairs at the back, zebra , leopard print.It also had some interesting masks on the wall and an array of hats hanging from the ceiling. Not expensive and the only reason i am not awarding it 5 stars is because i felt cold, the front of the cafe is much warmer.Go visit if you are in the Leith area!! :)
5	lovely place, coffee ,food and staff. friendly and quick pop in for takeaway or sit in and relax free wifi too
3	I had no idea that Qupi was actually a Greek cafe - I would have probably popped in sooner had I known. Oh well, better late than never!It was lunch time and I wanted a feta cheese and spinach pie AKA spanakopita. A friendly gentleman took my order and the pie was heated up in a large oven. It was accompanied by a little side salad. Really enjoyed the spanakopita - very tasty feta spinach filling inside filo pastry. Just how it should be!When you step inside Qupi, the place is a bit more bigger than what it seems from outside. Few tables in the back. The menu also has Croques e.g. Croque Monsiuer etc.. Nice, as this is not a regular item in many cafes.
3	I came here for salmon and scrambled eggs as had a bad craving! The eggs were lovely, the salmon was just OK...but the toast which is was all on was the biggest treat....oh wow! You know when toast is just the perfect amount of crunchy and the perfect amount of butter!?! Yes.
