5	I got married in Vegas this weekend yall! First stop on our list of things to get done in preparation was to get a marriage license.  Second stop, check in at the Venetian.  Stop 1.5 was to find someplace in between the marriage license bureau and the hotel to get my nails looking fly.  I spotted this place and saw that they were 1) empty and 2) right in front of an accessible parking lot so I figured I'd give them a try.  Inside, this place is pretty sparse and maybe slightly ghetto.  But the massaging chair was the best I have ever sat in and man who did my hands and feet was so attentive and thorough that my mani/pedi session literally lasted over an hour.  But my nails looked amazing.  Even now, a day later, after shaking about a million hands and standing on my feet in 4 inch gold stilettos (yay Vegas!), both my manicure and pedicure look  like I just stepped out of the salon.
4	So, for months I had been planning my weekend in Vegas.  Some friends were getting re-married at Cupid's Wedding Chapel.  I had disaster after disaster happen on my way to vegas, and once I got everything sorted, I needed some "me time".  I researched Nail Salons on Yelp, and drove to All Star Nails.I was so happy I wanted to cry - when I walked in, the man who was working there asked me "How can I take care of you?" - let me just say, the airline that screwed up, the rental car company that screwed up and the hotel that screwed up none of them asked me that.  This man knows the service industry - I already added money to his tip and I had just sat down.Clean shop, lots of space, nice pedicure chairs.   All in all, a great, well priced mani-pedi.  I was sitting next to a stripper (the Olympic Garden is next door) and guess what - strippers know personal hygiene.  If you are even in need of a moment of pampering while you are in vegas - all star nails is an inexpensive option. My 1.5 hours prepared me for an amazing weekend.  (I'll be writing reviews...)
5	Five of us were in town for a bachelorette party and I just couldn't justify spending $90 plus 20% for manis or pedis at any of the major hotel Spas on the Strip (I know, I know, I'm not supposed to think about this kind of thing in Vegas).  Instead, for $25 I got the most meticulous pedicure I've ever had.  I'm not making this up--they spent an hour on my thrashed feet.  And it wasn't just for me: everyone's toes and fingers looked great.  The location isn't exactly convenient and it looks a little sketchy, but it's totally worth the cab ride (tell the driver to take the freeway).  PLUS, there's the added bonus of an All-Star Donuts right across the street if you need something nice and greasy to soak up the previous night's alcohol!
2	Um... why was this place rated so high? The people here were great and friendly; it appears to be family operated. I do like them. However, the pedicure/manicure was horrible, so bad that I rushed to the Venetian Canyon spa afterward just so I can have them redone immediately. That  was an expensive fix ($85+$15 tip)but at least they did a great job. First off, you don't use acetone to brush out the white tip. It's generally done with one or two clean strokes in the horizontal motion. There should be no bubbles or streaks in the white tip. Second, you shouldn't see white specs in your nails. Thirdly, I came in with my nails in good order; I don't see why I have to leave with worst and uglier nails. I had a bump in both of my nails and they just painted over it. Apparently it would cost $10 per toe to fill with acrylics. After they mess up everything else, I'd pay that somewhere else. Fourthly, filing and cutting your toe nails should not be an ordeal. The nail should be rounded with no chips. I had to have all my nails refiled. Fifthly, the nail colors are old... if you had to add whatever liquid into each color, maybe it's time to buy a new bottle. Lastly, the whole place reeks of acetone. It smells so bad I wished I could hold my breath. How can you even have kids run around in a place that smells like that? For $30 + the $30 taxi (roundtrip) to get here, it is so not worth it. My friend was not very happy with her nails as it took literally less than 20 minutes to get her gel set. The top was rough and her nails were square, not rounded. Again for $35, not worth it.
5	I arrived kind of early on a Saturday so I didn't have to wait at all.  The woman working got me set up for a pedicure in no time.  The massaging chair was fantastic and it all the spots that needed it.  The technician did such a great job on my callused feet and paid special attention to my problem areas.  She also helped me pick out a great fall color and I can't quit looking at how nice my toes look!  She also gave my feet and calves a great massage.  This was a quick walk from the strip hotels and well worth it!  At $25 for a pedicure, this place tops my list.  If I lived in Las Vegas, I would definitely make this place a regular stop but I will certainly go back with my next trip to LV.
4	On June 4, 2010, I waited about 10-15 minutes without an appointment around 4PM. Below are notes I took during my pedicure ($25). I docked two stars (from an original 5-star rating) because:-Uses spray-on sanitizer to disinfect-Uses gloves, but then also keeps gloves on (in the middle of a pedicure) while swiping another person's credit card-Not across from the Stratosphere, like the woman said when I called, so had a hard time finding the place (actually about 2 Las Vegas blocks away - use a cab your first time)-Inconveniently located near the Stratosphere, so that it took 45+ min. before I gave up waiting for a cab to pick me up (walked to Stratosphere)Added a star because:-Meticulous cutting (but not painful)-Cheap compared to casinos/spas-Honest about time when people asked how long it would take to get a manicure/pedicure-Excellent massage chair that seemed to hit all the spots (rare for me)-Nails still short and perfectly painted after 3 weeks
2	After reading the reviews, I went here with 3 girlfriends a few weeks ago when I was visiting Vegas -- we just went to quickly have polish put on our fingers and toes.The cabbie had trouble finding the place, so make sure you indicate that it's down past the Stratosphere.Anyway -- it was MEH.  There were only two girls working on a Saturday morning and one girl had a bad attitude and was AWFUL.  She got polish all over two friends' toes and didn't even bother to clean it off!  They could have done a better job themselves.The girl who did my finger/toenails was sweet and she did a good job, but I would be afraid to try any other services at this place.  To say it was clean is definitely a stretch.  It was pretty dingy.  BUT, the prices were cheap.  Needless to say, you get what you pay for here.If you're staying on the strip, it's far away and not worth the drive / cab fare.  The cabbie who took us back to the Strip asked us what we were doing in such a bad part of town.  Just sayin.
5	Love love love this place! Walked in, no wait.. had great conversation with the girl doing my nails. Everything was exactly what I wanted, look forward to coming back :)
5	Loved this place! Needed my nails to be done for the Marine Corps Birthday Ball.Just walked in, no appointment necessary! Paid $35 for removing my old acrylic nails + new set acrylics/French!Very nice staff!!!! If I wouldn't live in Arizona I'd only go there!!!!
2	Adequate, but you certainly won't feel pampered.
1	I went to get my nails done for my birthday, and had the WORST experience ever. I received extremely THICK, LUMPY, UNEVEN nails. When Evan (the short male asian owner with dark hair) finished my nails, I specifically noted ALL that I didn't like, to which he told me he would START OVER.....after I had already been then for 3 hours. On my Birthday. In Vegas. With tickets to a show, 30 minutes from when they finished....who in the hell had time to start over? Additionally I asked for silver metal/mirrored nails to which I was told "oh yes!! I do for you, easy! I'll give you heavy metal nails, gorgeous!!" Uhm....I got silver on top of glitter flakes, and clear acrylic that would supposedly make it sparkle. Needless to say, When I didn't have any more time to waste, I reluctantly paid for my services and agreed to return the next day to be fixed. When I returned, I actually just asked for half of my money back instead because I just didn't want to let him do anything else to my hands! I politely asked to speak with him outside, so as not to disrupt his customers. He wasn't happy about giving me a refund, but he said ok and to come inside while his customer was finished and paid. I waited for over 30 minutes, only for all of his customers to leave and him tell me to get out of his salon and he would not give me a refund. I took pictures of him, his license, and my hideous nails, and even upon trying to rectify the situation AGAIN, he chose to speak his native language as if I wasn't even there. He said to report him on yelp, and the BBB, because he doesn't care about any negative reviews. I'm not a mean person, but I received horrible nails to the tune of $150 dollars and was treated like dirt when I wasn't satisfied. A very expensive frustration....on my birthday.
5	had the great experience here!  both hair and nail technicians are nice and friendly and did a wonderful job.  i would come back here next time I am back in Vegas.
1	First of all we did NOT ask for a full refund. My toes were fine, and the employee that did them deserved to be paid. YOU (EVAN) did my nails, so the refund would have come out of YOUR pocket. 2nd of all. I did NOT leave happy the first day, and you completely contradicted yourself. Not being happy the first day is WHY you told me to come back "later". Lying to try to make me look bad is even more unacceptable. The bottom line is that my nails looked terrible, and I did not get what I asked for. Asking for 1/2 of what I paid was merely out of principal that as a business you should be willing to provide otherwise we wouldn't be in this situation. I did NOT ask for a refund because I needed the money back after a night on the town as you implied. I will obviously never come back to your establishment but in the future your only job should be to give the client what they ask for.
4	Another tradition that my wife and I have when we visit Vegas is for us to get a full mani-pedi while we are there.  I was thinking about one of the 24/7 spots at night, but the reviews on those are so spotty that I started looking elsewhere.After doing a Yelp search, I found this place.  Service was very friendly.  So far, my wife's toes still look great (nice artwork) and her fingers are still pretty good after a couple of days--that's better than average.They're going to have to do a lot to measure up to Colorful Nails in Tempe, AZ (our regular place now), but it was still a pretty good place to relax for a few hours in a massage chair.Thanks folks.  The next time we visit Sin City, we may just return.
5	Great gel mani and pedi.  Will be a regular visit when we are in Vegas.  Great staff.  By far best eyebrow wax and shape I've had!
4	I decided to pamper myself but on my salary I have to watch my money and that's especially true of Vegas.  So expensive here.  I used Yelp and found this nail salon. It is not fancy at all, but I had an amazing and friendly Vietnamese woman who engaged me in conversation. I didn't have to wait for a chair either. I have horribly dry skin and hasn't had a pedicure in over 6 months.  This lady worked hard to make sure my feet were smooth and beautiful.  She truly earned a nice tip. I had a herbal scrub and then had my nails shellacked all for 65.00 - great prices.  She did ask if I wanted other services but not like I've seen some nail places do - some places won't even scrub your feet without charging extra for it an everything else once you are in the chair.  I would easily go back to this salon.
2	As a girl on a budget I like to spruce myself once a month with a gel manicure. Nothing to fancy just an easy way to do a little extra without spending $100. I elected this place because it was open later during the week which was nice. However I should have known from the get to something was no quite right about the establishment. The place was very hot inside, and a few of the other customers mentioned it too but this place is to cheap to turn on the ACI walked in and asked if they had room for a gel mani today and how much it cost. It was $35 however the man said he would knock off $5 since it was my first time. (Also $35 is more than I normally pay, in vegas you can easily find it for $25) I sit down and he looks at my nails and goes oh you have old polish on them, taking that off is going to be $5 more. I was stunned by this, never have I had a place charge me to remove old polish. None the less he's already started so I guess I'm stuck paying for it now. As I'm sitting letting the acetone sing int o remove the old polish. The guy leaves to help a walk-in who wants a fill....and he never comes back. Eventually a woman has me move to another chair so she can do my nails instead. While removing the old gel polish she managed to cut one of my fingers.This woman seemed nice, but spent the entire service trying to sell me other things. Like adding glitter which I'm sure they would have charged me through the roof for, or adding a pedicure too, she even made a comment about my eyebrows hoping I would add a wax service. Rude! When it was finally all done, they usually give you a small hand massage, in this case she basically just dumped some aloe-vera on me and made a sad effort for rub it in then handed me a paper towel to wipe off the excess.  The only reason I even bothered with two stars is that my nails are shaped well and the color came out nicely (although a bit lumpy) None the less I am not going to pay $35 just to be sold stuff for an hour. Thanks but no thanks.
3	Good for pretty..  But not for healthy feet like skin removal or nail maintenance.  Reuses files and wasn't sure equipment was clean.  Staff friendly
5	Fixed my toe !!!!! $7 to fill in the corner AND a relay of acrylic on my toe. Manager I guess never heard of such procedure and came to inspect my toe. It was fixed immediately. I was in a rush and it only took 10 minutes. I am very proud of the finish! I will be coming here from now on!! Toe looks beautiful!!!! Woohoo!!
3	$40 for a simple mani-pedi seemed like a lot since in Chicago you can get a chip free mani-pedi for that much.  The nail tech was nice, the place was clean.  The mani-pedi not the greatest - color doesn't cover the whole nail, couple nails were filed crooked, and the exfoliation could have been more thorough.  They got the job done though and my nails look a lot better now.
4	Excellent service! No long wait, not over priced, friendly and great job on my pedi. This place is not luxurious or top of the line, but for the price they do an above average job. I will be back whenever I visit my home away from home. Thanks again Tina!!!
3	We were greeted happily after we made an appointment last minute on Mother's day. We opted for the 45$ deluxe special for three people . The paraffin wax and herbal scrub were nice. But our nail polish and overall nails are hacked to crap. Cut jagged and uneven and our polish was very faint and not thorough. .  At time of checkout they tried to charge me and extra 5$ for callous removal.... per person.. wtf? It was alright experience the people are nice. But I'll think I'll stay where I've been going. . $135 and I have to repaint and file my nails when I get home. .. smh.. I have no idea why they used a dremmel on my toes it hurts and ruins your nails.
1	Horrible! The guy doing my gel dint know what the hell he was doing they had to redo it 3x and in the process of buffing out my nails and further damaging it. The buffing cut the edge of my cuticles and now I'm in pain Everytime I wash my hands they offered to take $5 off I dint want to argue anymore so I said okay. The gel is terrible when I got home and took a hot shower it bubbled up! So disappointing
4	So i came here on my days off and i decided to get a pedi and mani all i have to say it was amazing the staff were so friendly  they got their jobs done know exactly what they were doing highly recommended  i will definitely return to this salon :)
1	Overall did not do a good job on my gel manicure. The brand of gel they use is cheap and doesn't lay smoothly. My nails had to be redone and wasn't even the color I chose. Unimpressed and will not be returning.
1	I came in here with my girlfriend to get her nails redone by the owner who did them a few days ago. He yelled at her and said he would not redo the nails or give a refund. He also said he saw her review on Yelp and called her a "cheap girl." His products and services are cheap and the nail polish on the nails shown are not the same color that will show up on your nails. Evan is a terrible business owner who shows no respect for his customers and is not willing to right his wrongs.
1	Called ahead and asked if they had time for a pedicure at that exact moment. Showed up and they asked me to wait ten minutes. I hesitated, as I specified I needed it done soon. Fifteen minutes later, they have me sit in a chair with a tub of lukewarm water to put my feet in. I then sit there for another 35 minutes with my feet in the water while they finish up with the other clients. I couldn't even ask anyone to make my water warmer. Why tell someone it's only a 10 minute wait and proceed to make them wait another 35+ minutes? Once they finally did come over, she came straight from another pedicure with her cart and did not wash her hands or her tools. I had to ask her to. What a disaster! I would've been better off driving all the way out to Henderson and back.
3	I have tried this place 2x's. 1st time was ok, and affordable . I had a gel manicure and regular pedicure. Their selection of colors are minimal for gel. 2nd time I went the pedicure was poorly done. I wish it was better - I need a clean, affordable, convenient place to go.
5	Just had my nails done here. No wait, great service, friendly staff,  decent price. I will defjnitely br coming back again.
4	These folks do a nice job on the toes, my manicure last time left a lot to be desired so I decided to forego it this visit. Last time I had my eyebrows done as well and the arch wasn't as sharp as I usually like... but I did not redden or burn so that is a huge plus! Overall, this is a great value for a quick but loving little pedicure close to downtown. I recommend them for anyone looking for affordable pampering.
1	I went to Vegas for a birthday party weekend and some of the girls wanted to get manis/pedis.  The price for a mani/pedi at most spas on the strip is pretty ridiculous, so we decided to try an off-strip place instead.  First, this place said they could take six girls right away when we called but we arrived we had to wait almost 30 minutes for two of us to even be taken (and they only took two of us at a time, so we were there for a very long time).  They only had two other patrons in there at the time but there were a total of four people working, hence our long wait time.  Then, once I finally got seated for my pedi, the person I had barely did anything.  My toenails were clearly not even and I had to tell her to go back and shape them.  I also barely got a foot scrub and massage as she was so busy trying to up-sell me on add-on services.  Next time I will just pay the extra money and go to a nice place on the strip, or get a pedicure at home before heading to Vegas.
5	Rose did an excellent job on my man pedicure. Sometimes being a man, you get terrible service, but that was not the case. I am from San Diego who comes here often. My wife and I will definitely come back here when we are back!!!
