1	Hmmm maybe I don't know the drill here in AZ, but this place is debit/cash only???
4	Yes, this place is debit/cash only.  It's not an AZ thing though, there are plenty of stations that will take credit if that's your only option.  Personally, I don't like the idea of paying interest on fuel, so I wouldn't use credit anyway.  There is a 30 cent or so fee for using a card (debit), which covers their transaction fee from the banks.  Therefore, cash is the way to go... using cash easily saves me ten cents a gallon compared to the competitors.  There are cash kiosks by the pumps so you don't even have to go inside, you just have to plan ahead enough to get a little cash beforehand.  They recently installed new pumps with "GSTV", so I'm entertained while I wait for my tank to fill.It might be worth noting that there is a definite "cash clientele" vibe here, but hey, I'm a cash user, so I'm not judging.
1	I have been getting my gas here for years.  I can't remember the last time the kiosks on island accepted cash.  You have to go inside to pay cash and back inside to get your change, waiting in line each time!  So much for convenience!!!!!  I'll go out of my way from now on to get gas elsewhere.
3	Since we always have to pay a transaction fee for debit gas purchases in Cali this is just par for the course for me.  35cents on 25 gallons is a pittance.  I'm just happy to be paying $3.65/gal instead of $4.07/gal like in San Diego.  The tank of gas I got there to drove here was a hundred dollars!  So thank you Arco for having some of the cheapest gas around and at numerous locations.
4	Always have the cheapest gas besides costco! The service there has been great as well.
1	35 cents to use my debit card?  This is the 21st century right?  And beer selection sucks...
2	This is the only gas station I have every been to in my entire life to charge you to use your debit card and pump said they did not take credit. LAME. Poor beer selection. This convenient store is not very convenient.
4	They actually take Apple Pay! Two major caveats though, they charge you 35 cents to use it, and it must be a debit card! You can use Apple Pay, as long as it is a debit card, and you key in your PIN for the purchase. Also, Apple Pay will only work inside the store, not at the pump.They also installed GSTV on the gas pumps, so you actually can watch TV while you're filling up. A nice concept too, and a few stations around Arizona has installed this system, not only does it show you TV while you're getting gas, but the whole transaction process of using Pay at Pump has improved a lot, thanks to the fact that GSTV requires a huge color screen. No more squinting at a barely readable black and white screen.
1	Staff was friendly. But I dont agree with being charged 35 cents to use my debit card. I will not return and I will go to circle k across the street that doesnt chage me to use my debit card.
