4	Went in here today cuz the kid wanted a rodent. We dont have dogs since we moved into an apartment and she really wanted some kind of pet. I wasnt really interested in having something that needs a bunch of attention so I thought a hamster would suffice. They did not have rodents at this store but the staff was really nice and the owner suggested a rat for companionship and intelligence instead of gerbils or hamsters which they didnt even carry. They had a large assortment of fish and reptiles here it was much larger than I thought it would be on the inside. It's Local owned small and they have every type of food you would need for any pet including rodents. Dog leashes and accessories as well. They had a small case of dog pastries that looked good enough for me to eat!! Donuts and cookie looking type treats for your dog that were healthy and fresh. They had a few kittens and puppies but they were from friends of the owner no puppy mill type of ish here. I will go here instead of PetSmart for food any day!!
1	This is a little, local owned store that pales in comparison to other local owned stores.  Having had reptiles, fish and birds my whole life, I would never buy anything from the wild, and this place has a reputation for having cheap prices because of the low quality of their animals.  I have found wild caught animals in this store repeatedly.  I have also seen animals very improperly housed, along with feces in the cages.I have also had a conversation with the owner who was dropping some very racist bombs into the conversation about our current president and anyone who speaks multiple languages.  It seems that all of the knowledge they have is only gained from elementary readings and minimal experience.  Their fish selection looks as though it was an old Walmart setup, which means if one fish is sick, they are all sick.It is hard to tell people not to support a family owned business, but with a racist husband and a lady that never moves from her stool behind the counter but has an attitude on her, and with experiences as described above, it gets somewhat easier to tell you to go to another store.  It is worth it to drive to another pet store that does not support taking animals from the wild, does not hire weirdo's, and has a less "racist" staff.  I know of another reptile store at Bell and Cavecreek that has a much, much better selection.
4	We've been to Pet Safari a couple times now and it is one of our favorites. The reptile section had been expanded since the last time we were there and now has a wider variety of animals. They had a couple baby frilled lizards along with the normal bearded dragons and ball pythons. The ball pythons looked great and were all very small. Pet Safari had three species of monitor lizard, Nile, Savannah and Timor.They have a lot of fish and aquarium supplies, as well as a few mammals and birds, but the best part about this store is the reptile area.
4	Had to pick up a live mouse for my cousin's snake... very nice people who work there! Personable too. They had a couple of the big snakes out for people to see when we walked in too.
4	Awesome place to buy snakes and fish supplies. I like that they are locally owned. Good for the local economy. Not that I have anything against a place like petsmart but this place is friendly good prices and most important to me locally owned.
4	It's really sad news, but Pet Safari will be closing its doors on July 30th, 2011. They are one of my favorite stores as they always had a wide variety of reptiles that aren't often seen at other stores and they sold fish as well. Just this last time in I saw a Dumeril's Monitor that was being sold at half price.For those who used to buy feeders and accessories there, I recommend Exotic Predators & Prey and Tropical Treasures which are both located on Bell Road. Tropical Treasures also has fish, but they don't have as many salt water fish as Pet Safari used to.
