4	About two weeks ago, Mike from Master and Sons came out and looked at our ac unit..  As we knew it was toast from the hail storm and he confirmed it.  Mike took his time and explained the difference in the SEER rating and the difference in the makes of ac units.   When he left he said he would have an estimate to us that day.  I had the estimate within two  hours.  Totally amazing.  So we hired them to do the job, put a deposit down and made an appt for yesterday.  They showed up on time and got the job done; no fuss no muss.  Cleaned up after themselves and were polite and courteous the entire time.  Highly recommend them if you need any heating/cooling work done.
1	RUN! RUN! RUN from this company!  They are the worst of the worst -- RUN do not walk away.They came and serviced my AC and destroyed it! Burnt out the motor by spraying the electrical components with water!  I couldn't believe it.  I had called them as my A/C was not working. We discovered it was a simple reason, the AC door inside the house was open and as a safety feature, the A/C wouldn't work. So we simply closed the door and the AC started up instantly-- ICE COLD AIR blasting!It was after the ICE COLD AIR was flowing that they went outside to do the annual service on the A/C unit. The son Mike Wilson was the one at the house and he said one day I'd need a new  bearing and a new condensor  but not yet. It was then he opened the area with all electrical components and SPRAYED them FULL BLAST WITH THE HOSE!  I screamed --WHAT! You can't do that!"  He said 'He could, too! he continued " There's spider webs inside and i refuse to touch them!"  We could have brushed them out -- but now he hit them with the hose!  The AC was fried. I called George Brazil and made them come look and they agreed- my a/c unit had beed fried!I called Mike's father and he told me" I was just looking for free A/C service!" WHAT? MY A/C was fine till they destroyed it.  STAY AWAY FROM THESE GUYS!  BTW They also overcharged me for the service fee -- think about it -- I actually PAID for them to ruin my a/c -- an $8,000 unit is now needed all because I PAID them to do an A/c service.
5	I have used this company for several years.  They always do a great job.
