4	We took ourselves for a walk along the river to the Dean Gallery of Modern Art. This too me was something I was looking forward too after a long walk. Sadly for us they closed off some of the floors to the public as they were changing some of the installations and hangings. Also just across the road is The Scottish National Gallery Of Modern Art, but again some of the rooms were closed to the public. Dean Gallery had a very nice restaurant attached to it and it was very busy so I would phone to book in advance.
5	We are spoilt for choice when it comes to art galleries in Edinburgh, undoubtedly we were first in line when God was bestowing culture upon (Scottish) cities, and I do feel rather lucky to have so much on my doorstep.Of all the big galleries, the Dean is my favourite, but I sometimes feel the culturally minded among us forget about it, like it's the runt of the art pack or something. It's a shame because this is a wonderfully bizarre place with all sorts of mad pieces to be intrigued by. There is a room which contains the entire contents of the sculptor Eduardo Paolozzi's studio, set up as he would have had it; I could easily spend a day in here looking at the hodge-podge of items that he accrued and was inspired by. If you're interested in Dadaism or Surrealist works, then this is the gallery for you. If not, it is still worth a visit, even if it is just to roam around the lovely building and grounds.
5	Pretty much all of the city centre located, or nearby galleries in Edinburgh are really impressive in terms of architecture, and a grand joy to observe, which is a good starting point, considering this is just the impression you get before you even see any of the art.I'm really fortunate to have both the Dean Gallery and The Scottish National Gallery of Modern Art close to where I live, and in fact, if you're in the centre of town, The Dean is just a short walk from the west end, and a pretty nice walk at that, particularly on a sunny day (we do get them sometimes).The Dean houses the Gallery of Modern Art's permanent collection, and also exhibits its own temporary shows. The permanent collection includes Dada, surrealist art and the amazingly intimidating Vulcan sculpture by Eduardo Paolozzi, which is well worth a trip to see. There is also The Paolozzi Gallery, which includes more work from the late Edinburgh born artist and sculptor. I recently saw the Diane Arbus photography exhibition here, which I thought was compelling and excellently displayed. I strongly recommend taking a wander away from town to get here, because after you've finished at Dean Gallery, there is the added luxury of being able to simply cross the road and have a peek, or more, at the Gallery of Modern Art.
5	I visit the Dean Gallery, pary of the National Galleries of Scotland, several times a year. It remains one of my favourite galleries in Edinburgh. Opened in relatively recent times, it houses some of Edinburgh greatest modern art.A gallery of consistent quality, the Dean houses modern art with a particularly strong collection of Dada and surrealist work. It also displays  a collection of works by Eduardo Paolozzi worth seeing. Situated in lovely grounds, opposite the Gallery of Modern Art, there is a surreal but contemplative atmosphere. The building itself displays lovely 19th century architecture. The Dean Gallery is great for a morning or afternoon out, especially with its great cafe. Combine this visit with the gallery opposite and you have a recipe for an even better day out of culture and stimulation. Also try walking along the nearby stretch of the Waters of Leith to get here from the city centre (well signposted if you're approaching from the East).Check you their website for news on their temporary exhibitions.
5	Art that feed the soul.Located in a grand Georgian building surrounded by greenery, the Dean Gallery is a wonderous art gallery that was opened in the late nineties. Owned and run by the National Gallery of Scotland, it showcases a selection of permenant and touring contemporary art. There's a selection of spacious rooms spread over two floors and I've had the good fortune to see some incredible art for free or nominal admission. Earlier this year, I was blown away by the Diane Arbus exhibition showcasing some of her seminal black and white photos from the 1950s and 1960s alongside provocative personal projects. The thing   I'll never forget however, is seeing Tracey Emin's wooden rollercoaster and beach hut on stilts exhibited alongside her legendary quilts, polaroids and sketches. Art that feeds the soul indeed.
5	I'm starting to turn into a proper wanker who likes art galleries. Had the best time here today with me mammy. There was an exhibition on about witches which was very cool and interesting and some other neat paintings too. The spiced fruit scone in the cafe with cream and jam was totally epic too.
