5	My review is for the Hair Salon.One day a couple of years ago I was desparate for a good stylist. I had just quit the one I was going to for 11 years. I called JC Penney Hair Salon asked for an appointment that day, they got me right in. That is how I met Shala. I have been going to Shala ever since. She is amazing. She listens to me, she styles my hair so beautifully. She is kind and gracious. I will continue to go to Shalas she is the best in Vegas that I have found. She is flexible and works aroung my schedule. She also can do waxing on eyebrows if needed. I highly recomment her.
5	This review is for the hair salon.I've been coming here for quite some time now.  I first met Janelle at Hair Experts and followed her here.  After a few years of getting my haircut from her, she moved, and I was introduced to Shahla.Shahla is wonderful!  I've gone to many hair salons but never this satisfied.   I never  complained about my haircut.  She spends her time with me and my daughter.  My daughter is very pleased with the way she cuts and styles her hair.  Shampoo, cut, and style are all included with the price.
5	I've been shopping at Penney's forever! I grew up on the catalogs and enjoyed shopping with my mom as a child. We could always relied on quality. Now the concept of a free standing store isn't new, it's recent return is the best idea they have had in a long time. I like parking just outside the door, walking in and shopping, then when I am done, walk out to my car and move on to the next shop on my list, or head home. I don't like walking malls, and putting up with crowds. I don't think I have seen the store really busy, during the holidays, and weekends, I have seen a little bit more than usual crowds, but lines aren't long at check out. I have found some really good gift ideas, and since they have big and talls, found some things for my really big and tall father! Love JCP!
4	I haven't been to a JCPenney in a long time mainly because I think it is overpriced. Which I am right. There is no way (even if I have Warren Buffets bank account) would I pay those prices. Of course that comes from shopping throughout the store. Here is why I think 4 stars, (besides I have back within two weeks): -JCPenney has generous coupons -They put all the highly discounted items up front. So I don't have to hunt for the wife when I am ready to go. -The employees I did speak to were very nice. *reason not a 5 star some employees avoided eye contact or contact altogether. At customer service desk in the BACK is where I made 90 % of the interactions, the other 10% was with the cashier.
4	Awesome customer service. I had to return a few items and one didn't have a tag (it must have broken off or something). I did have the receipt and there were absolutely no issues about getting a refund, etc.
3	The parking is great and the bright and spacious store is a pleasure to shop in.  One thing that makes it extra-spacious is the lack of customers.  It feels like a ghost town.I used to shop at Penney's for nightshirts, the huge selection of undergarments, and household items in southwest motifs.  The undergarment selection isn't as comprehensive as it used to be and nightshirts don't exist anymore.  They did have a table lamp that came in three different southwest patterns, and it was gorgeous, but I don't need one - I bought one online a couple of years ago from what is likely the same manufacturer.  Curiously, there was not a price to be seen for these lamps, neither on the boxes, the item, or on a display ticket.  And try to find a floor salesperson!I was not blown away by the clothing selection, either, and the prices are higher for comparable stuff at Kohl's.I'm much less a fan of JCP than ever.Oh, and that elusive wall clock - the main reason I went to the store?  Not a one in sight.  :(
4	I went here today and found cargo shorts like I was looking for.  The store didn't have very many shoppers and it was easy to look for what I wanted, find that indeed they did have what I wanted, try it on, and then check out all within 15 minutes of entering the store.Since there were so few shoppers, parking was a breeze and I was near the one entrance.  The store is undergoing some renovation.  There are several areas blocked off with plastic walls and they're doing work inside.  I'll have to come back and see the improvements.I've been to this JCP before and it's very convenient to where I live.  I'll be back.
1	I really wish Yelp allowed to give a negative star rather than one.  One star just seems way too generous, in my opinion.This review is for the Salon located at J.C.Penney.  From appointment to final cut, my experience was HORRIBLE.  I would have preferred hand my bulldog a pair of scissors and let her go to town on my head.First off, the girl that scheduled my appointment and my sister's appointment scheduled us for an hour and a half apart.  I didn't agree to that, but whatever, a woman was there on her day off and they asked her to clock in.  Unfortunately, she wouldn't stop remarking about how she generously clocked in.We each brought photos in for how our hair should be cut.  Mine's not bad, but my sister hates her hair, the woman spent more time diagnosing her dry scalp than actually paying attention to my sister's reference material.I walked out of there with such an intense headache from the spots where my gal had burned my scalp with the blow dryer.  I was never trained as a cosmetologist or an aesthetician, but isn't it common knowledge that you don't hold a blow dryer in the same spot for an extended amount of time?!  After I told her about it, she apologized but then remarked that it was easier to just get the root dried first.Does somebody have the number for Tabatha?  I'm done, apparently J.C.Penney salons are now the skill equivelent to Super Cuts with more money tacked on at the end.  Yeah, I'm angry that I could have paid $14.00 and gotten a crappy cut somewhere else.
4	JCP has been though a lot this year. They eliminated coupons for "best pricing" which most people seemed to hate. I continued to shop and feel there were even better deals during this time. Stores are being remodeled, and the Grand Canyon location has always been my favorite for its selection and the fact that it seems less busy than other locations. I rarely purchase anything at regular price, and I think the MO is to heavily discount these prices from the start. The quality of some of the merchandise seems to have gone up a bit.
5	So so helpful and friendly..:P
5	It took me a long time to get my husband to shop here instead of Casual Male XL. It's way more inexpensive, they always have sales, and the big and tall men's section is superb!Not to wild about the women's/misses clothing, but they have the cuuuutest shoes!
1	By far the worst online shopping experience I've had yet. Ordered two products, and they took the money out right away and promised delivery within 4-7 days. After the eighth day I still had not received a call from jcpenney to let me know my order was in. When I was finally able to get through to someone, they told me that there was a delay with their shipment and that I'd be able to pick it up that following Friday. When Friday rolled around I went to jcpenney to pick up my order, only to find out they only had one of the items in stock. Now I'm going on almost two weeks for an order that was supposed to take 4-7. Even a courtesy call letting me know the status of my order would've been nice, instead of me having to track everything down myself.
4	So I recently came to JCP to check out the Duro Olowu collection. I had read a lot of articles lately about the store and its CEO trying to attract younger customers and I was intrigued.I had not been in a JCP in like 15 years; When I'd think of the store I would think of polyster and rayon and just outdated clothes. Flash forward to the presnt and I had seen a commercial for the Duro Olowu collection and I thought it looked really cool. I headed out to the store the same day the collection came out, since Target's collections usually go fast. I was surprised by the clean lines of the store and impressed at how they have everything distributed. The store dedicates a spcial section to each designer, i.e. Liz Claiborne, Mango, Duro Olowu, Levi's etc. It kinda made you fell like you were at a departement store.Anyway, they ddidn't have the netire collection in the store but I ended buying a couple of shirt and a cute multi-colored cardigan from the JCP brand. I thought the quality was quite good and the prices were very reasonable. When I was at the cash register the girl asked me a bunch of questions about my experience at the store and also suggested some new collections that are coming up later this spring. I left the store very satisfied with my finds and equally content with the service.
4	Why have I not been to JCP in years??? I went to check it out recently and was pleasantly surprised at how great this store is now. The clothes are cute and updated. The kids section has great clothes and even better prices. I also was happy to see a big and tall section for men. My husband is 6'4" and needs longer items which are so hard to find at most stores. They have a whole section here for him to shop and not have to spend a ridiculous amount for the clothes. This is also a full service JCP with a home store, salon, and photo studio. It is a great all in one place.
5	Just picked up my ring and there jeweler do a FANTASTIC job!
5	I have been going to the Salon for the last 5 years! My hair girl, Shalah is the BEST!  When I say best, I mean it!  She always steers me right on my hair!  I have never had a bad cut or color from her! She is fabulous! If you want someone who can help you get the best out of your hair, Shalah is your lady!  Plus, she is always on time!  :) Can't say enough about how much I love her!!!! :)
5	William Rast denim $19.99! ( usually $180) , 2 J. Ferrar vests $20 each (usually $80 each) + the girl @ register gave me Xtra %20 Off !! Killer deal . Can't beat it
5	Very nice JCPenney's.  Great selection of clothing for big guys.  The store was clean and every employee I encountered was friendly and offered assistance.  Highly recommend!
4	I love this location. Don't like driving to mall just to go to one store. This store is always clean and has a great selection and they are also in the progress of putting in Sephora. Usually not busy so no long lines. Which is great for me. Probably not so good for them.
2	For those of us who remember boring JCP mall locations across the country a stand alone store like this one is a nice change. This one has plenty of parking, pricing now that corporate has changed strategy yet again is back to being competitive with Kohl's, and the cashiers here do a good job of getting you out and on your way. But all of the good stuff about JCP comes to a screeching halt if you decide to special order anything and ship it to this location. You have 10 days to pick up a special order and in that 10 days you can expect to be called repeatedly. If you tell one staff member you'll be in to pick it up you can expect a call 20 minutes later from someone else asking when are you coming in? The lack of communication among the staff, the quoting of policy like it's holy scripture and the general negative attitude have made me swear that I will never, EVER have a special order shipped to this store again. Paying the extra delivery fees is so worth it compared to dealing with the staff. 2 Stars. If they didn't find new and annoying ways to make special orders so miserable I'd give them 2 more stars.
4	I love this JCPenney location.  Everything you need, without walking into a mall.  Never any lines, which is a plus.  Shoe Dept has so many selections, and excellent customer service.  The store is usually empty, so it's nice to spend a couple hours in there shopping.
4	Probably one of the best JC Penney's that I've been in a while.Very clean, and the staff is very friendly.  Never any lines, and well stocked and situated.  I think that the only issue with this store is its location which is tucked back behind Sears Grand.   Took us a while to find the first time since there wasn't any signs to designate where it was.You know as they say... location location location.Otherwise, the place is great!
2	I scheduled an appointment for my daughters 6 month photos. Forts, when I arrived early they told me that two clients were in front of me so i might be waiting. I got talking with the gal directly in front of me and found out she was scheduled for an 11am ... Mine was 11:20am. Shocked to find they booked appoint nuts that close together. When I finally was called 12:05 (the gal in front let me go first because I had a baby) I felt rushed. The gal who took pictures was nice but young. I told her my 6 month old just strayed sitting up but didn't trust her without support or an object behind her... She failed to listen and insisted on sitting poses. These looked awkward. My baby was tired and cranky and the shots were not her natural self but yet a cranky baby from waiting. When the shots were pulled up she spelled her name wrong after telling her twice. The overall office acted unprofessional and untrained. Thru didn't know answers to simple questions. W
3	I have been shopping in this area for years and have never even noticed this JC Penney location. It's in the far part of the parking lot and nothing is near it making it a less than convenient or easy location to shop.The store is organized and seemed very basic and typical for a JC Penney. Now that I know it's there I'll likely be more inclined to shop here in the future, but it's definitely not going to be easy to remember.
5	Years and years ago I had a hairstylist at a very chic and trendy salon here in town. I went to her for a couple years. I only saw her once every other month, sometimes a bit longer. Each time I noticed she was making some noticeable "lifestyle" changes. Nothing major...when I first met her she was married with a child. She divorced, started dressing younger and she would tell me about all the partying she was doing. Typical divorcee stuff, no biggie. On what would be my last appointment, I noticed she was really different...she was completely strung out and totally out of it. Resting herself on my head at various times throughout my appointment. Dropping her tools. Asking me if the pictures in the salon were crooked. Another customer was telling a story about how a coworker had given her a pill for her headache and how she ended up in the emergency room later that night...turns out the coworker had given her an OxyContin. Upon hearing this story, my stylist went to that customer and asked her if she had anymore. It was awkward and scary. I silently said a prayer for her not to ruin my hair. Or to cut me. And I never went back. I was in limbo for a long time...one day while shopping at this JC Penny, I thought I really need a haircut, so, in I went. It was a good move! My stylist and I hit it off and I was super happy with the results. After a year or two, my stylist moved to a different state. But she recommended another stylist at the salon. Shahla. Let me tell you about Shahla. She's amazing. People compliment my hair every single day. She's like the hair whisperer. She knows what will look best and exactly how to make it happen. Listen to her! She knows what she is doing! Her coloring technique is top notch. Her cuts are perfection. I couldn't imagine not going to her. My hair is the best it's ever looked. And she tells you the truth...if I bring a photo in of what I want my hair to look like, she'll tell me how much work it will take to maintain it, like how often I'll have to come in for touch ups or how hard it might be to style it at home. And she'll also tell you if your hair just won't do that. There's nothing worse than a stylist who tries to give you a style that does not work with your hair type. One thing is for sure: I will follow Shahla wherever she goes...she is the best!
2	I haven't been in JCPenny in years, and now I remember why.  The one pleasant surprise about this location is that they have a Sephora inside of it! That was very unexpected.  The rest of the store... not so great.  I don't know if they were short-staffed or what, but no one was around to assist, and the selections were pretty limited.  I was looking for some items for work, and I could not find many things in sizes smaller than a 10-12, despite all of my hunting.  I'm not sure if that was because everything in smaller sizes was sold out, or if they don't order them, but there wasn't anyone around to ask, regardless.  I don't think I'll be returning anytime soon. Perhaps in another few years, things will have improved- I can only hope!
3	I'm disappointed.  We were looking to get a watch battery replaced and went to the jewelry section to ask for help.  One lady was legitimately helping a customer, but couldn't take two seconds out to let us know that she'll be with us.   So we moved to the other kiosk where there were two sales representatives helping one lady.Surely they could have taken some time out to assist me?Nope.  The dynamic duo refused to even look my direction as I waited at the counter patiently for five minutes for someone to at least speak to me.Five.Minutes.I finally had it and went to Sears Grand where people at least responded to you.Great quality clothing, but some of the sales representatives obviously need a lot of work in the training department.
3	I'm not a bit Penneys shopper but there's a Sephora inside and I do love Sephora!   The store itself was bright and well merchandised and if I hadn't just dropped bank at Sephora I would have stopped in the jewelery section because there were a few things that caught my eye.
1	Got transferred to manager named Linda to see if I can pick up my photos after the portrait place is closed. She was rude and unhelpful. Did not let me finish my question and kept saying portrait is closed. I know they're closed at that time. I just wanted to know if any staff can get my photos or do I need someone from portrait to get it for me. Gosh. How do you get to be manager if you're customer service is that awful?
4	Today I went to JCP to finds some things for myt son but, as usual, I ended up shgopping for myself, too. I tired on a variety of tops and finally picked out two that fit nicely. When I  went to check out, the customer service agent, Tami, called me over to her register and commented how cute one of my tops was. When she saw my taste she offered to show me a couple other tops that I might like. When we walked over to look at them, it turned out that she chose tops I had already looked at but they didn't have in my size. She offered to go online and order them in my size. She even gave me a discount that I probably would have missed if I did it myself. I was really happy wiotht e service I received today.
4	Clean, huge and not overly crowded! This store is the biggest JCPenney that I have seen or been to. It is off the beaten path so the crowd even on the weekend is not overbearing or annoying. Friendly staff and well lit store makes me want to come back again and again...just a little far from my home to come constantly.
5	The Portrait Studio inside this JC Penney took our holiday pictures today. The photographer was phenomenal, great service, she was fabulous with our two year old too! Stoked!
1	EXCEPTIONALLY RUDE AND RUSHED.  CHRISTY IS THE MANAGER.   CONFRONTATIONAL- threatening and did not stand behind what I was told.   Basically called me a liar.  Would not reach out to the employee who just the day before told me one shirt change would be ok.  Christ Kept " putting in her last rude comments and then threatened not to allow us to stay for our session if we said anything".   I asked to have another photographer and she told me " she ran things here not me"I HAD BEEN COMING HERE FOR YEARS.  I WILL NEVER RETURN.
