1	I tried this place once when it was Shakey Jakes, hoping that it had improved with a new owner. It has not, the cole slaw was mushy and not very tasty, and if you are going to put cole slaw on a sandwich it does need to be more than a tablespoon! The pork was doused in so much BBQ sauce I couldn't taste pork, all I could taste was sauce, same for the brisket. The potato salad was similar to safeway, maybe they purchase it there? The beans tasted like a can, and they were cold. Once again we are still waiting for someone to step up to the plate in Laveen and give us a quality dining experience. I am sad that we wasted $26 dollars on a poor quality meal, that gave us all really bad cramps and caused us all to be fighting over the bathroom for the entire day! I also noticed on the menu that they say the food network has given them reviews, Good reviews? As I find that hard to believe! I doubt anyone at the food network has been to the place, much less eaten the sad sad BBQ that they serve. I will continue to drive 45 minutes to Joe's BBQ in Gilbert AZ, they seem to be the only restaurant in the area that knows BBQ.
2	I just tried this place 2 nights ago.  It is the only BBQ place within a 20 minute drive or so.  I was hoping it would be good....god I was hoping it would be good.I called at 7pm (They close at 8) and asked if they still had ribs today.  The owner ended up getting on the phone and told me he has plenty.  I then asked him what he would do with the rest in 1 hour and he said freeze them.  He said that sometimes the ribs wont get eaten for 2-3 days.  ACK!I asked if he had fresh ones and he told me yes.  I drove over there in 2 minutes and he began MICROWAVING the ribs.  I asked him what he was doing and he said "warming up the ribs"  I was in shock.....had I been wrong about all the BBQ places i've been too?  Do they too microwave their ribs in the back and then serve it to me?  I decided not to judge yet.  I asked him where his smoker was at and he said it was at the Buckeye location.  Huh? So where is the meat made I asked....He told me Buckeye makes it...then delivers it to them later in the day.  Bleh...ok ok dont judge yet Ron...eat it first I said.  I got home and split the rack with my roomate.  I ordered it sauce ont he side so I can gauge the flavor of the meat....and I am SUPER glad I did.The sauce tasted like tangy ketchup.  The Meat?  Well it tasted like Microwaved Ribs...what else?  You ever have left overs from a BBQ place and try to microwave them?  It was EXACTTLY like that.Wow...I give this place my ultimate "edible" lowest rating. (I really wont give a place 1 star unless it was unedible)Do yourself a favor and drive the extra time to a real BBQ Joint.
5	We had heard about Memphis Best BBQ from family who had read about it in the newspaper. None of us had actually ever been to the restaurant, until tonight. What were we waiting for!!!! This food is nothing short of AMAZING! We started out with pulled pork sandwiches that were easily the best I've ever had. (And mind you I travel across the country for work quite often, and good BBQ is always on my to-do list.) The meat is so tender, it melts in your mouth. I don't know where they get their bread, but the bun is so soft, sweet and light. This sandwich is so good that I guarantee once you pick it up, you will not want to put it down. We had a chance to speak to the owner, Darryl Alexander, who made it a point to greet each table of customers. He explained to us of how precise and meticulous his cooking methods are, in order to produce the most tender, flavorful bites of meat you could ever eat. Accompanying our sandwiches came a delicious side of homemade coleslaw. For dessert, home made peach cobbler. As we sat there, eating our meal and watching the Suns game on the flat-screen TV, we kept watch on the steady stream of what were obvious "regulars", lining up to grab their own dinners to go. Before we left, we were treated to a sampling of the house's famous smoked BBQ chicken wings. Like everything else, they were completely satisfying. This was our first visit to this little gem in Laveen, but it will definitely not be our last. If you enjoy GREAT BBQ, stop by Memphis Best BBQ in Laveen (or their sister restaurant in downtown Buckeye). You will not be disappointed.
1	I love BBQ and cook my own at home on my Weber Bullet quite often.  I went to the location in Laveen on 35th ave.  I had very low expectations due to this being a redo of the terrible Shakey Jakes that was in this space previously.  Since I live in the area I first asked to get a to go menu so I can order from my house and do a pick up.  Unfortunately they did not have any menus printed up (this was a bad sign since the restaurant had just opened).  I decided on the ribs for myself and got the smoked turkey sandwich for my wife.  This place has an open kitchen which usually inspires confidence in me eating there.  Sadly what I saw made me want to cry.  The chef takes my ribs out of the fridge and cuts off some and proceeds to put them in the microwave!!!  At this point I should have just asked for my money back and left but I will always give a new place a chance.  When I got home with my food it was even worse than I thought.  My wife's turkey sandwich was smoked deli meat on a bun.  I am not kidding here.  You know how deli meat has that really salty processed taste, well this is exactly what this place was serving.  My ribs were no better.  Being a self proclaimed BBQ connoisseur I like to try my meat without sauce which will tell me if the cook really knows what they are doing.  I don't know if it was because my ribs were cooked in a mic or that they were already ruined but my ribs were dry and tasted like they were days old.  The sides we had were no better.  The potato salad was store bought from Costco or Safeway for sure.In today's day and age I would have thought that privately owned restaurants would know that when customers come into their business they are looking for fresh made food.  Not pre-processed sides that I can get at Applebees or ribs that were made days earlier that are microwaved.Last word.  I was in the area yesterday and decided to drop by this place to see if they had to go menus........they still don't and I don't think I will ever be back.I love The Veen (Laveen) but we have absolutely no good restaurants out here.  Sadly Memphis adds to the list of substandard food choices in the southwest valley.
4	I realllly love this place. The food is absolutely as tasty and authentic as it gets. I'm not even a huge BBQ fan, but I wipe down any extra sauce on my plate with my bread! The staff that operates Memphis Best are very nice. They treat you with good old fashioned southern hospitality and very genuinely ask about your meal and want to make your visit a good one. The one reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the atmosphere. It's kinda crammed inside a little strip mall and the interior is a bit dark and bleak. The art, while cool and jazzy is hung too high and the lighting isn't very good. It's a shame because you can tell someone obviously tried to put a lot of thought and planning into the look, but they kinda missed the jazzy warm effect they seemed to be going for. Anyways, the decor would never stop me from going back to Memphis Best. I've been back several times and tell everyone I know how much I like it. I know i's hard for some locally owned places to hold their own, especially in a more rural place like Laveen, so I hope Memphis Best is here to stay!
3	I enjoyed this place the first time and thought it warranted a second visit. I went in and ordered the lunch special for three, the slaw on the side for all and a side of slaw for two orders and one side of fries - count it up it's five sides of slaw no slaw on the pork and a side of fries. we got our order to go and got home to grub. I got a pork sandwich no slaw (at all) and fries, the other two orders were a pork sandwich slaw on the side. No sides of slaw. We paid full price and didn't get the right order. Service was slow too. Off day? Food was good nonetheless.
1	This place is closed now. Was not very impressed with the BBQ.
1	I'm sorry but this place is gross! The food has no flavor & the meat was tough....don't waste ur $$....go next door to Li's Bowl instead lol
1	Meat is fatty and service sucks. After the 3rd visit I was through.
