2	I'm not sure if I'm just NOW figuring out that Laval doesn't have great food but seriously, I've been so disappointed by the food in Laval as of late. Last Saturday a friend and I were trying to think of where to go for a late dinner. Les 3 Brasseurs was a perfect middle meeting point for us so we quickly decided to go there. It was meant to be classic pub style food so you can't really go wrong right?I arrived first and asked for a table and I was taken to a high perched table in the middle of the room that was just uncomfortable. We had to ask to be moved into one of the MANY booths that were available but NOT cleaned yet. We changed tables, helped the hostess clean our table and she still didn't wipe it down. Strike one.The waiter comes around and asks if we are ready to order drinks. We weren't. We said to come back in a few minutes and he took that too literal. His few minutes ended up being about 20 minutes later. So we are now sitting at a semi cleaned table with no food, no drinks, and not even a glass of water.  As we FINALLY get to place our drink orders we ask about what the waiter would recommend and this is where they earned some points back. The waiter was brutally honest. He was like "I wouldn't eat this...Oh I love this..." His suggestions actually made me change my mind about what I wanted to eat.So our drinks arrive and then it takes the waiter another 45 minutes to ask for our food orders. The delay is WAY too long and the place isn't busy enough for this to be understandable or tolerable. Once we get our food we only get ONE set of utensils. I ordered the chicken tender wrap with fries and I was less than impressed. I can understand why it'd take forever to bring the food to the table, I'd be embarassed. French Fries - McCain store bought frozen friesChicken Tenders - Store bought frozen tendersBBQ Sauce - store bought BBQ sauce.So basically all the kitchen staff had to do for this was throw the fries and tenders in the oil, open a package of Tortillas, chop some lettuce and tomatoes throw them on the tortilla and then wait for the chicken to finish frying and roll it all up with some BBQ sauce. I could make better at home...and I should have. My friend had a flammekueche which is basically a super flat bread pizza and he said the food was good. I would have tried it but it had peppers and mushrooms on it and those two ingredients revolt me. As for the drinks. I think that their beer cocktails were pretty good. I had The Latino and that was pretty awesome. I should have ordered a smaller one since I drink slow and the beer got warm really quick.The only reason this is getting a 2 star review is because the waiter at the end of the night redeemed himself by making some jokes. He had me laughing as I was leaving but it wasn't really enough to make me ever go back to Les 3 Brasseurs again.
1	Do yourself a favor and defrost a pizza at home. It's the same thing.
3	I have been to 3 brasseurs before in other locations and when I saw this one in Laval I decided to stop by for a beer and something to eat. The first time I went to do his location I had friends with me and we've ordered something with sausage, corn and ham. The food wasn't great but was decent and the service wasn't too bad. It was a weekday and the place was somewhat empty so everything was done quite fast. So I had friends over from another province and I took my chance and decided to stop by again. The second time we had chicken wing (very small quantity, not at all what we expected, quite greasy and bony), and I had the impression that the beer was watery. This time the service was horrible. The guy who served as was quite rude, he never came by to ask if we needed something else and when he did was in a very pushy way. It was a Saturday night and to my surprise the place was empty again. The kitchen closed and he didn't even ask if we wanted to order something before they were done (mind you, in think this was around 1 am, which is quite early for a weekend night). When  paying our bill, my friend said something about being tipsy and not being able to calculated how much each one would have to pay and the server just said "yeah yeah yeah..." in a very rude manner. Note that none of us was actually drunk or behaving inappropriately. They've tried to be friendly to the server and all we got back was a rude treatment. Even though we left a 15% tip each and he just took the money and left, not even saying thank you or wished us goodnight.
4	The first time I was there it was late on a Saturday and the place was packed. I usually go downtown but I am in Laval so I figured I would try the one close to my house. Food was a ok we got a starter plate and nachos. Also the service was slow but the waiter was friendly.Second time I went there on a date with my boyfriend and we got the best waitress ever very friendly and the food took a little long and she came to apologies. Food was AMAZING I had the salmon with mango salsa and my boyfriend took a bavette. Both cooked perfectly. Went a few more time since for beers and nachos and been very happy every time. Staff is great and always so friendly I am glad to not have to drive to MTL for my my raspberry beer fix
4	I was skeptical about coming here since it's a chain and the reviews weren't so hot, but a friend convinced me to check it out.  As soon as I walked in I was impressed.  The place was huge with super high ceilings and a large circle bar in the center with tons of TVs.  My friend and I sat at the bar since it was just the two of us and the bartender was very attentive and friendly.  I ordered my usual home brewed amber which was very tasty.  For dinner, I took a chance and went with a meal I had never heard of before.  I had the Old-Fashioned Cassoulet which was absolutely delicious.  It was basically a beef stew on steroids with all of the best meats (pork, lamb, sausage, duck) combined into one bowl with potatoes and sauerkraut.  It essentially brought me right back to my Munich days (minus the liter beers).Overall I'd love to return next time I'm in town.  The beer is good, food is good, people are friendly, and it seems like a good place to catch a game.
3	Came here for a 5 a 7, but I've been here for lunch one time previously. This location is very large with lots of beer making paraphernalia all over the place. From the bags of hops and barley to the descriptions of the processes and procedures on the wall it's become a decently popular place. We ordered up the nachos, two different kinds of wings and calamari. The nachos came out we a small sour cream and what appeared to be a spoonful worth of salsa. This is a pet peeve of mine while at restaurants. When charging $11 or whatever we paid for the nachos give at least a big bowl of salsa and sour cream! I mean come on man!! Salsa and sour cream are not expensive!  A  good 20 minutes later I asked the server what his more popular pizzas were. He mentioned some and I said bring out your 4 most popular. He brought out the provincial, Italian, Trois brasseurs special and Moulin rouge. This pizza in the menu is called flamkueches. It was really nice as I had just eaten a similar style flammkuchen while in Switzerland. Trying a few different pieces it was all very good! I washed it down with a blonde beer which was light fresh and pretty good. It tasted like a light pilsner- lager style. In my other experiences with their beer it's all pretty good and tasty. No complaints here! Service was okay, not great but everyone there seemed to enjoy their 5 a 7 experience.I do find the food a bit expensive for what you get. This however does seem to be the norm in chain restaurants these days.
