5	This place is FABULOUS.  Cheap prices especially for lunch and always good food.
5	Awesome! Awesome! The yushang eggplant with pork is amazing and the kung pao two is great. I have never had a bad meal here! Great food and not inexpensive. Must try it! I have been eating here (the old location) for the past 20 years and this new location is just as good!
3	I had been to the old Wang's so when I saw it had reopened I had to check it out... I went witl my friend for lunch we were seated the staff were really friendly I just ordered a water it seemed to taste weird. I looked over the menu and ordered the Volcano Beef and my friend ordered the General Tso's Chicken each came with rice and a spring roll and a bowl of hot and sour soup... The soup was really good I liked my meal but the spring roll was just ok and I tried my friends General Tso's Chicken was really soggy and not crispy... I was hoping for some blow my mind Chinese food it was good but not 5 star good.
5	this place is very good what is not to like bowling alley next door u can get your toes down on the other side of the place if u want all within a 50 feet radius. seriously the food is great very cheap ok details beef broccoli very tender beef not like other places like your chewing a tire. they add mushrooms which is interesting but is very good with the combo of b/b i never been disappointed with anything here. the egg roll is ok really cant find a decent egg roll anywhere. always have take out so i dont know how the service is. if u like panda which is disgusting u will luv this place
3	I stopped in because there used to be a Wang's by my house and I was curious to see if it is the same. This Wang's is a inexpensive, quick Chinese restaurant. Not only is it inexpensive but lunch combo is plentiful (order with a side of rice, soup, won ton, and egg roll). I was in and out of the place pretty quickly and with a full stomach.The reason why I gave it a three was the quality of the food. Not to say to owners don't know what they are doing back there. Instead, my mother and I found the food to be quite bland. Even blander than what you would expect at a buffet. I liked the flavor, it just needs to be multiplied. It kinda reminds me of the Chinese food yo would find at Epcot; food made to meet the masses. I wouldn't even mind if there was a price increase (it's only $5.50) or reduction in quantity if it meant a stronger taste.I hope this Wang's is able to continue. I'm planning on giving it a second chance.
3	My husband noticed this place while he was out running an errand and decided to pick up some food for a late lunch for the two of us since I had already told him that I was in no mood to cook that day.  We had the Kung Pao Chicken lunch special and the Combo Lo Mein.  We both liked the food but I was disappointed to see that we are outside of their delivery area even though they are less than 3 miles away. I agree with the other reviewers that the food was a little bland.  The Kung Pao was not nearly spicy enough for me but my husband enjoyed it.  I know people make fun of Pei Wei as not being authentic but at least that place has some flavor to it!  I did enjoy the Lo Mein noodles; they were not as greasy as some other places and had a lot of veggies mixed in.  The broccoli and snap peas were still crisp, not soggy and overcooked so that was a big plus.  I agree with the other reviewers that this place seems more healthy than other Chinese places.  I wish they would pass a law to require all restaurants to post their calorie info (hey, the chains already do it) so that we could really know for sure.I think the lunch combo is a great value so I may pop in there for lunch some time.  Or maybe we will give them a call and see if they are willing to go the extra 2 blocks for delivery.
2	No the Kung Pao chicken is not awesome (colon ,open bracket). This is the staple americanized chinese cuisine with one base sauce ( soy,sugar,rice vinegar, garlic) and just simple deviations to obtain the various dishes. You will get the same stuff at Panda express or any other generic americanized chinese eatery. Base your need to visit on the price differential if you want.I also enquired about some of the dishes in order to acertain any hidden "special" (read authentic) dishes, but was sadly dissapointed.Extra star(as ususal) for Mom-Pop eatery.
2	We have gone to Wang's Delight a few times now.  I am not aware of its previous location, and only know of this place due to its proximity.  Unfortunately, there is better Chinese food within a few blocks of this restaurant.  Namely, the four corners of Warner and Dobson, in the Lee Lee Supermarket shopping complex is quite a bit better.In the beginning, Wang's contained some great food, and the food tasted fresh, well-prepared.  Each time we've gone, though, the food seems to have become more bland.  The last time, the food tasted almost as though it had been pre-prepared, perhaps even frozen and then reheated or recooked.  The restaurant was empty at 5:30pm on a Saturday.  It was very quiet.  We were shown our table quickly, and our orders were taken quickly as well.  We had General Tso's chicken, Orange Chicken, Moo Shu Pork, and a stir fry dish.  Overall, the food was bland and didn't taste fresh at all.  Service was rapid and friendly, and the restaurant was very clean. I think if you're looking for general American-Chinese fare, a lot of food, at a decent price, then it's okay.  I emphasize though that there are much better choices around.
1	The place was very small, with a cold feeling, The service was not good either, We ordered our food and about 3 other table of guest came in after us got thier food before us, and of course they left before us also, not sure why. They didn't seem to have enough help. The food was your normal Asian food, nothing special or that stood out. The fried rice on the lunch plate was just white rice with soy sauce, nothing else added. Prices were ok. $5-$8ish. I'm not going back because I wasn't happy with my experience at all. I give them a negative star!
4	I really disagree with the saying that this place is the same as Panda Express, that place is gross. While the place is not better than say, China Way, it is still pretty decent for Americanized Chinese food. The lo mein was pretty decent and she brought us all of our dishes complete with all of the sauces; sweet and sour, hot mustard. (see photos.)The portions were pretty big and if you don't think so, the other counties are right, we Americans do not know about portion control. My partner received the Mongolian beef which looked pretty decent and was declared as such, I don't know I don't eat meat so I couldn't tell you. Everything arrived piping hot and it took a little while as they were making everything to order. I did not experience the blandness that the others speak of as everything was well seasoned and the sauces were very flavorful. I thought with a name like Wang's this place has got to be bad, but it turned out to be not so bad.
5	This is a very good Chinese Restaurant.  Their Hot and Sour Soup is very flavorful - one of the best that I have eaten in the Valley.  Lots of meats, tofu, Shrimp and scallions on top.  I have ordered the Kung Pao and always ask them to make it extra spicey.  Prices are very reasonable.
3	Decent food with excellent lunch specials.
2	Ordered carry out from Wang's the other night.The price was reasonable, the service was prompt. Ordered three distinct dishes: General Tsao Chicken, Orange Beef and Honey Beef. All where very bready and honestly pretty much tasted the same. If your looking for super Americanized Chinese this might be your place.
3	I've eaten here many times over the last two years and it seems to be in decline.  When they first opened their food was always freshly prepared and tasted great.  These days it doesn't seem to be quite as fresh and is becoming more bland.  I typically order the sweet and sour chicken and the last two times I have ordered it. It  has come with next to no vegetables and literally two small cubes of pineapple. It's been disappointing to say the least. On a positive note the crab puffs are the best I've ever had.
4	The name is as good as the food. You can go in and take out, you can sit down and get served, and if your close enough they will deliver. It a mom and pop Asian food place with all or your favorite taste liker teriyaki and orange chicken! worth a stop and food is always great!
4	We just finished our delivery dinner (first time customers, too lazy to go out or make dinner :) ).  We were SUPER impressed and will definitely be ordering again!!The delivery man was very nice and talked back when my four year old was incessantly talking to him. The crab puffs were stuffed with cream cheese which was awesome- I ate a whole order by myself!! The food was all fresh and delicious! The prices were extremely reasonable and the Hot and Sour soup was amazing! There were shrimp in there that were a bite to themselves, as they were the size of my spoon!! We're totally impressed and can't wait until the Chinese Delivery Craving hits once again :) Keep up the good work!!
4	Quick service fresh food amazing orange chicken I come here whenever I get my taste for great Chinese!
1	AWFUL.
3	Remember Wang Computers? Wang Chung? Wang Dang Doodle? Wang Dang Sweet Poontang? And of course, that slang definition of wang :) ... Hmmm. Where was I going with this? Wang's Delight - so this is my neighborhood Chinese restaurant. The closest source of egg rolls and wontons in my aitch double o dee! So I decided to try them out a few times and wasn't overly impressed. Their best dish seems to be their "Yu Shang Egg Plant". They make that right - nice and buttery and not overly sweet or spicy - just the way I like it. Praise ends there, though. Every other dish I've tried is pretty much from the cornstarch and sugar school of American Chinese cooking (think Panda). Place itself is a small restaurant next to Filiberto's and AMF bowling lanes. Lotsa parking in that mall. The actual restaurant is pretty small and cozy. Never actually ate inside so I can't vouch for service. I usually pickup my orders and wait by what must have been a bar in whatever the previous incarnation of this business was. Now it's just a place to stack everything and anything - a real hot mess of clutter but it's amusing to observe what's on it in order to pass the time while waiting for my order. This place will probably not be a big contender for my Chinese food dollar as there are much better offerings just a block or two away.
5	Great food! Fast delivery! I have been trying to find a good Chinese place in town let alone one that delivers. The cashew chicken is actually loaded with chicken!! And the specialty house fried rice has full size chicken and shrimp. Must try!
