5	There has rarely been a Target that I haven't liked. The bonus about this one is that it's shiny and new. Located at the new Tempe Marketplace shopping center this store boasts all the amenities and other cool things we've grown to love about Target. Everything from cool clothes at decent prices to DVDs to groceries.The employees at this location are great too. There is one cashier that's helped me twice at this store, both times calling me over to her register when all the other registers had lines.Plus, their shopping carts are made almost entirely of plastic instead of metal. I don't know why this is important, but I like it.
4	Who doesn't love Target?  I know I do, but it can be so dangerous to my wallet.  I always find too many things I don't need, but today's excursion was frugal and fruitful.  I got some great buys on mundanities like boxer briefs and paper towels.  Best deal of the day: Kraft Mac-n-Cheese 10 for $10!  W00t!My 2 fave things about this Target:1) the Starbucks just inside the door so I get get my addiction on2) my buddy Scooter works hereWhat I'm not down with: they don't have drink holders on the shopping carts so my iced coffee slides around in the basket of the shopping cart and verges on disaster when we push the cart.  We used to have those cup rests on shopping carts in Boston, but come to think of it -- that was probably a Dunkin Donuts at the Stop & Shop dealio and I don't know that I've ever seen those in AZ.The other thing that struck me as we walked in is that I must be getting really old. 2 times in the past week I've heard what was once considered "alternative" music playing in pedestrian locations.  Today we heard Nirvana blasting in the parking lot at Target. Last week it was the Cocteau Twins at Chilis.  I think I'm turning into my Mom.
5	How can you not like a store that basically meets all your needs in one area? This Target is nice, clean and has a friendly staff. I've always been able to find what I'm looking for at this store. The items are always in stock. Prices are always really good. This Target is a bit further drive than the location on Baseline and McClintock, but is MUCH better overallThere is also a snack bar with a Starbucks inside.
4	Ok the 4th star has to be, because the people working there made it different. I was in need of a public phone (and of course Tempe Market place has none), so they were kind to let me use theirs.Despite all the people that stops here, they manage to keep it fairly clean and organized.
1	Nearly every single time I come in here, it is an eerie experience.It's just like any other Target, but more crowded. I can deal with that.What bothers me is the cashiers. In fact, I can only think of one time I've come in and had a decent cashier (I go there quite often). They're like mindless zombies--  I understand that it's a monotonous job, but I've never encountered something like this. They never actually acknowledge that I'm there. I go up to the register with my things, and they don't even make eye contact. They just go through the motions of a transaction. No hello, no telling me my total, no good-bye, not even the slightest glimpse of acknowledging me as a human being, not even when I speak to them. Even self-checkouts are friendlier than these people.
5	I absolutely love this Target. It is a hop, skip, and a jump away from my apartments and super convenient. They always seem to have what I am looking for. The staff is friendly and there to help. I didn't even have to search to find an employee to help me, they are pretty much everywhere. They even had a college night last week where they closed the store down and let ASU students come in and shop their butts off. They were pretty wiped out when I came in last week because of all the kids moving in but they replenished everything that night. As you can see by my amount of check-ins this is where I do most of my shopping and I will continue to do that as long as I am going to ASU!
4	If you need an in depth review of Target you're either living under a rock, or in very high prestige. Either way, I can't help you. This location is big, spacious, clean, and well stocked. There's plenty of employees roaming around if you need to ask for help.   However, it does suffer from that same strange phenomenon that all Targets seem to suffer from. There's 20 registers, but only three are open, and there's always a manager just standing around and watching. How about opening up a fourth register so I don't have to wait to check out?
4	super clean and new and awesome.
1	Horrible customer service, totally ghetto place, workers are rude, it's over crowded and dirty. Do yourself a favor and go to the one at Indian Bend much nicer and very helpful people.
4	What a great location! This location is always clean and has great employees that are always willing to help and assure that you don't spend too long in line. However, because it's near the university, sometimes their stock is wiped out in the women's clothing and shoe selection. My FAVORITE Target location!
4	Best reason to head over to Tempe Marketplace (unless you want to beat someone down at whack a mole at D&B or see burbies ride a bull).  The parking lot even has music to put you in the shopping mood.It's not a Greatland, it's not a Super Target, but it's one of the best stocked Targets in the area and it has a decent grocery section.  Plus, they have the fancy new aerodynamic plastic shopping carts so you can cruise past the "Gotta Have It!" bikinis and run down slow moving 8-year olds while you pick-up toothpaste, cat litter, batteries, t-shirts, beer, detergent, candles, water filters...oh wait, pillows on sale and towels too...Problem is, once you have a cart, you will end up with 5 items that you had no intention to buy when you came in...damn you Target!  You evil genius.
1	This is my local Target, and I've been here many times. The money spent here is funneled to anti-gay, anti-progressive candidates and who knows where else. No apology from their arrogant CEO, and no retraction. Kohl's for me from now on...
4	I like this target better than the one that is actually a bit closer to me. Plus being in Tempe Marketplace I can go here and about 15 other places to spend money that should be going towards bills or something. :)I have had to return a few items, and that is never a hassle or problem, the people are always nice. However, the checkout lines are kinda long most of the time.But with a Starbucks inside, cant really complain!
4	Service has improved recently. I went in one morning and was cashed out by a wonderful lady who I think was named Betty. She was very sweet and sociable. :) I haven't seen her in a while but I usually come in the evenings.Besides her, I've noticed most of the other cashiers finally start to acknowledge and engage customers. It's not spectacular or particularly friendly service, but they at least say hello, tell me my total, and say good-bye. That's all I wanted!
5	I have a strange addiction to Target. I must go at least once a week, and although I always have the intent of buying one thing... I'll walk out with ten things. There's something about this place that makes me want to wander the aisles and find things that I somehow forgot I "needed". Anyways, this Target is my favorite. It's clean, staff is nice, customers aren't sketchy, and it's conveniently located by many other stores. Some things to check out while here:(1) DVDs!!! Holy, they have some good deals. It seems like they change the discounts on dvds every 1 or 2 weeks. I'll see movies (even fairly new ones) full price one week, then extremely marked down the next. Target has created a dvd obsession in me!(2) UP and UP products! Just as good as brand name items! I especially love up and up for their diapers, wipes, and formula. I save SO MUCH money by buying generic. The diapers work great and my son has no complaints about his up and up soy formula!(3) Baby clothes! Just a couple days ago, I bought 4 (12 months size) shirts for my son and spent $10! 2 of the shirts were under $2 and all were very cute. Even when there isn't a sale, you can find shirts, shorts, and pants for $4 each! I've noticed that if you look around you'll often see items that are full price one week, on sale the next, and back to regular price not too long after. I bought my son a fisher price toy for $20 and right now it is currently back to its regular price of $35. SO have fun finding great items and saving tons of money!
4	Target, whether your pronounce it correctly or not, is great! When I need to buy a few things, I love going to Target. This location is always neat and clean. I like that the grocery department has expanded. It's not quite like a SuperTarget with almost a full grocery store inside, but it covers the bases. Whenever I need to pick up a prescription, I can't help but scan the visually pleasing make-up aisles for a new product. One tip- avoid this particular store during back-to-school. Being so close to ASU, it's a mad house. But after the students are settled, it's safe to return. Which I will!
3	So this is a Target for ASU students, the store is typically crowded and you can expect to wait in line when you go to check out. The parking is also really bad here. If you can find another target you should go there also they seem to sell out of stuff faster as well because of the heavy traffic.
5	So apparently I've never been here when there are hoards of ASU kids like several other reviews mentioned. What I do know is that I've been to this Target a few times now that I live nearby and love it of course. First off, apparently I got really lucky to be living right between two Target stores that are both open to 11pm. As most of us know, Target always closes at 10pm with the exection of only three stores in the valley and I happen to live near TWO of them, awesome! Other than that, this Target is pretty much set up the exact same way they all are now, and includes the expanded fresh grocery section. Not quite a full SuperTarget, but it will do for most grocery trips. They have a Pharmacy and a Photo Counter along with Starbucks and Pizza Hut Express and 18 awesome checklanes with cool ligts to stare at while you wait in line for 15 seconds. I'm glad this is my closest Target, becaust it has everything I need, is open late, and just happens to be in the awesome Tempe Marketplace so I can knock everything out at once.
5	This is one of my favorite Targets in the area. I like the way it is setup, it's not *too* big but has a good selection, and is always pretty tidy. The biggest issue with cleanliness is people leaving their cups or drinks around on shelves randomly.Generally it's not too busy, and even when it's been busy I've never really had to wait for a register which is absolutely unheard of at Target. That alone deserves 5 stars.The employees working here are outgoing and extremely friendly.Overall, this is a great Target, and the best I've found in the area thus far.
4	Love it.  Huge!  But the layout is confusing...  We found parking without circling, 5 spots down the street.  We had a great time but did not find the hat that I was looking for.
4	The pharmacy at this Target offers exceptional customer service! The pharmacist was extremely helpful, making sure that all of my transfers were being taken care of and was willing to go above and beyond to get one filled that was not ready. He was personable, knowledgeable, and seemed to really love his job! The only complaint I have is that this pharmacy seems to operate on more abbreviated hours than the other Target stores I've been a patron at.
5	Um, what to say about Target? It's Target!Everything is displayed nicer than Wal-Mart and it's a litte bit more expensive because of it. Other than that, I'm a big fan of their clothing for men. Yes, they do have the crazy looking vintage t-shirts, but also a handsome selection of casual/formal clothes that just look good for a won't-break-your-budget price. I go here for everything except food. I haven't struck up the nerve to use Target as my grocery store and I don't know why.
4	I prefer Target miles and away above Walmart.  You might just have to hold a gun to my head to get me to shop at Walmart, and if we're being honest, I feel like that's a legitimate risk when I go in that giant blue building.  So I shop at Target.  This particular location is great because it's in Tempe Marketplace, so anything else you may need is nearby.  I knock off one star only because of the layout of the store... I get lost every time!  This may speak some to my sense of direction, but this store just confuses me.  If this is a strategic move to get guests to peruse more aisles, it works.I do general grocery shopping at grocery stores, but if I'm at Target and need a couple items, I'll gladly get them here... produce aside, prices tend to be pretty good.
4	This Target is pretty large, with a good selection of clothes, food, and household items to shop for. I love shopping the end-caps for clearance deals here, and there are usually enough check out clerks that you aren't waiting too long to pay for your items.
5	This is a great target- very clean and new, lots of good products.  it doesn't get much better than this one!
5	This rating is for the pharmacy. Probably the easiest, best pharmacy experience I've had. The pharmacist was extremely helpful and friendly. It's great to see people who appear to love their job and care about what they do and the people they help.
5	This is a great Target, the staff is nice and friendly and everything is usually stocked. The little food court station has some good quick snacks and the Starbucks is your typical Starbucks. :) Being so close to ASU this Target does sometimes get packed with students but there are always enough check out lanes to keep things flowing Also, quick access to all the other stores in Tempe Market place
5	The pharmacy is the best and David is by far the greatest pharmacist I've ever had! The atmosphere is very friendly and I always feel known and welcomed! Love the staff I would highly recommend using the Rio Salado Target pharmacy!
4	Big store, right in the heart of Tempe Marketplace. Always full of people. That's a good sign that the store does great business. I've been to this one a few times and each time it's been busy, no matter what time of year, or day, it is.Easy access to other stores in the Marketplace. Great customer service from their cashiers. Much better than any Wal-Mart I have ever been to! Target is way better and their stores are by far cleaner and friendlier.I have no complaints. This is a really good store.
5	The staff are very friendly and helpful, even late at night when you know they probably just want to go home. I feel like I come to this location all the time. I've also had to do some returns and it is always an easy process if I come with my Target card and receipt.It is always well stocked with everything I need as well as clean and very easy to navigate. AND There are always good sales if you check the cartwheel app and come back regularly to check items. Love this location.
5	I love Target! This one always has a lot of registers open and and is super easy to find everything you need. Great deals and lovely people!
3	This Target location is like any other Target location.  I literally cannot think of anything that stands out about this place except that it has hybrid car charging stations in their parking lot.
5	The Staff is friendly. I find great deals. I love using the cartwheel app combined with the target app :)I rather spend a little bit more at target and get good service, then go to walmart at riverview
5	What is not to love about Target. This Target is no exception. I love it and you will love it as well.The staff is friendly, the store is huge , and it is very clean. It seems taht it is always open which is a big deal for me. Thank you for that.If I am out and about, and I remember that I have to get something from Target I can stop here on my way home and it is quick and easy.They have a Pharmacy, all of them you say. Well, maybe but if you need a script from a different Target and you are at this one. They will call for you and fill it at this one.They will no doubt do that at all of them.This place is loaded with customer service and I really like that as well. They are always willing to help you with what you need or find someone that can.Lots of parking in the lot and a clean restroom.So they got hacked,and I know that is a big deal, but it could happen to anyone ,anywhere, at any company. We just do not know about it yet. I still really like to shop here.
5	I live it here... it's clean, it's organized,  the staff is great, I come here for basically everything I need...
5	This is a big target! And the best part is the extended hours!!! They are open later than almost all other targets. That's why it gets 5 stars. Oh, and it seems that women's/junior's sections always have massive clearance!!!
4	This location has many plusses. Parking, checkout, displays,  mix, atmosphere,  restrooms, pleasant personnel,  store hours, location, product mix, customer service personnel, spacious, attractive. It does a lot of business but never looks like a hurricane hit it. They appear to be more consistant than some of the other gigantic retailers. It might be they put more into personnel rather than constantly changing store layout. This allows ease of findings that which might fulfill your needs. Clerks are above average.Many extinct retailers were always needlessly changing store layout instead of investing in, or upgrading personnel. I am pleased with years of purchases of good values from this Target location.
3	Customer service has always been nice to me on purchases; I haven't ever tried returns there.  Selection is iffy. We recently went there for shower curtain liners and they only had one size, that was about six inches too long and two holes shy of fitting a standard shower/tub setup in a standard house. And if you're looking for food, the frozen pizza selection isn't very good either.  I try to avoid shopping at Target whenever possible because they pay their employees less than Walmart, and the only people I know who do work or have worked there in the past said it was not a good work environment. Try to spend your money in places that treat their employees well.
3	Not a huge fan of this Target.  It's the closest one so I find myself going there but the store is so large and it feels like everyone inside is an ASU student at times.  Which basically means it is always crowded with people and I find myself waiting in line to check out.  Otherwise, it's has a lot of good things.  Lots of parking, great staff and like I said before it's super sized so you can find anything and everything you need in one location.
