5	As the only running store in the Pittsburgh area, it's totally worth the short drive. Flexible return policies, custom shoe fittings, and $15 back on every $150 you spend. I got fitted and bought new shoes there along with Superfeet insoles, so far (9 runs) I'm loving them.On the way back you can even stop by the Dormont Swimming Pool, with slides!
5	I drive all the way from Canada just to come to Fleet Feet -- that's how good this place really is. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly. Ask them about the Pittsburgh Marathon and they'll talk your ear off.  I'll definitely make a return visit if I'm ever in the PGH again.  If you're an athlete or just looking for the right pair of running shoes, this is the place to go.
5	A cool shoe store. They have knowledgable people and a good selection of running gear.
5	Very helpful and knowledgeable. I thought I needed a particular style of shoe but boy was I wrong. They gave me several options and the prices are standard retail. They also have a great trial period/return policy. Have 30 days to try them out. If you only use them on the treadmill you can get a full refund. If I use them outside then you can get store credit or exchange. I look forward to going back. They also have running classes and groups
5	Wonderful!!
5	I made the drive out from the South Side, and I'm glad I did. I brought my old running shoes with me, which they were able to look at and make recommendations for new shoes. I spent a good amount of time with the sales guy, who was a track runner himself. He observed me walk in the store to look at my habits and then try on a few different pairs and run outside in them. Great experience, good knowledgeable staff. There is also a discount for members of Pittsburgh Triathlon club.
5	Fleet Feet is nothing short of wonderful. I don't go to the South Hills (ughh) for much of anything, but this place is worth the hassle. The staff is super knowledgeable and really listens to what you are looking for. They watch you run and make suggestions based on what shoes will work best for your feet. Do you have flat feet? Do you over pronate? Do your knees bother you when you run? They will pick the best possible shoe for you. And in my experience they've always been right. I've run quite a few marathons in the first pair of Brooks I bought from them (I never would have bought them without their guidance, as they weren't neon pink or something). I've been fitted there a few times and have been impressed with the customer service and care. These people know their stuff!I will continue to buy from and recommend Fleet Feet!
5	A friend of mine recommended the Enell Sports Bra to me.  When I looked on-line, Fleet Feet was the only local retailer for them.  When I entered, I was immediately greeted by a staff member.  I told them what I was looking for sports bras.  He indicated that he could help me or could get a female staff member if I preferred.  I told him that I was fine with him helping me.  Much to my surprise, he was extremely knowledgable about the bras in general.  When I started talking about trying on and fit, he decided that he would be more comfortable if I spoke to a female staff member.  Which I was totally cool with.The female staff member came over (Cait) along with a newer salesperson (Blake).  Cait took the time to explain things evan further to me and did a bra fit before selecting several styles for me to try one (I tried things other than the Enell)  She was very patient and understanding.  She checked the fit of all the bras that I tried on and kept me from buying something that was too small.  She answered all of my questions.  Once I had narrowed it down to two bras that I was interested in, she encouraged me to close the door and see which one did the better job.  I highly recommend anyone that is looking for a sports bra to make the drive out, you won't be sorry.
5	I've been coming here for maybe 8 years now. They are awsome. The first time I went, they had me run to 'diagnose' what type of shoe I needed and if I had any problem. Got me great shoes to fit my need and recommended some great inserts. I have alternated between two different brands between the years (aasics and brooks), and even though I live in Chicago now, because my family lives in Pittsburgh, I always come back to this store when it's 'new shoe time'. Staff is always knowledgeable and friendly, which you don't get at the typical shoe store. Pricier than the typical shoe store, but worth it.
5	I have been going to Fleet Feet for about five or six years now to purchase my running shoes. It's about 45 minutes - one hour away from where I live but it's definitely worth the trip. I get new running shoes about once a year and their staff is definitely above average. They watch you walk/jog in the store and can tell by how your foot is landing what shoe to fit you in. They are seasoned runners and trainers and definitely have your best interest in mind. Today was new shoes day and since the last time I bought tennis shoes I've developed plantar fasciitis in my left foot. They were able to fit me with a perfect shoe for my situation so I can continue running without horrible pain. They also keep all of your purchase history so they were able to look up the socks I bought the last time because I couldn't remember. Definitely an overall awesome experience and I haven't trusted another store with what I should be buying for my running shoe.
5	Fleet feet is a lot more then just a local running specialty shop.  Yes, it's a store, they have shoes, gear etc etc and do an excellent job with both selection and help in deciding what to purchase.They also have weekly training runs for both speed on Wednesday Nights and Sunday morning group runs that attract upwards of 100/people a week.  I can only assume fleet feet is the envy of every other running shop in the area for this reason alone.  It is the reason I give them the overwhelming majority of my business despite being a pain to get to.Also they have training programs where you pay a nominal fee for training programs that last many months.  I am in the beginning of one and I have learned a lot already.Also they do good form clinics that I have yet to try.The staff are all very helpful. I cannot recommend this store highly enough.
5	I have been going to fleet feet for about a year now and have received more than just quality products. Fleet feet offers trainings and a community of runners that support your goals. They restored my love for running and all of the staff are runners themselves. They are honest about what gear they like best and you cannot get a better shoe fitting. I have never felt pressured to buy anything. Whether you have been running for years or want to start, fleet feet will make you more confident in your run. Run happy!
5	As a rather casual runner, stores like this put me off.  I'm not training for a million K race and I don't see the benefit of buying all the ultra equipment just to give myself that small edge.That being said, this store will have my business for years to come.  I went in after again having problems finding a running shoe that fit.  I'm 6'6" and have odd sized feet for such a big guy.  I often buy a size that is too small and tight or too large and loose.  Turns out I needed a 12.5 4E size running shoe.  The young lady who brought me out one put it on and I was instantly in love.Normally I'd of stopped right here.  Again I don't need all the extra stuff and normally can't see the benefit.  The young lady I talked to (upset that I forgot her name btw) explained the benefits of an insole and let me try a few.  She also showed me all the running socks and explained their options.Got a pair of shoes that fit, make my running experience far better, and did it with professional guidance that didn't cost me a dime extra.  If you're a big guy and have odd sized needs, hit this store up.
5	I can't say enough good things about Fleet Feet.  I've purchased shoes for myself there, but recently took my 11-year-old son (who has shown an interest in running) to be fitted for his first pair of running shoes.  After about two weeks of running, he complained of ankle pain.  Despite stretching and focus on his gait, his ankle pain persisted.  I took him back to the store to inquire about insoles. Blake (I think was her name) was knowledgeable, patient and professional.  She looked at his treads and decided that he would be better off with a stability shoe. And said she would just EXCHANGE his new shoes for his two-week old pair.  I was stunned, expecting to have to pair for a new pair.  Yes, I had to pay a few dollars to make up for the price difference, but seriously ... who does that?!?! Fleet Feet has won a customer for life.  This is how you do business.
5	Everyone at this store is so friendly and I have never had a bad experience here. The store is recently remodeled so it's in tip top shape! It's great for runners of all levels including beginners. The staff is great at helping you find what you want, fitting you for shoes, apparel, etc. They offer shoes, apparel, as well as many other running/work out accessories you might be looking for. When getting fitted for shoes, they even have a treadmill for you to test them out. This store also offers lots of programs and events to get people involved in running and to keep you motivated which I think is unique. This information can be found on their website or Facebook page.
5	Thank you Julie for making our first experience here a great one.  You were professional,  knowledgeable and patient.  I'd recommend the store highly to new and experienced runners.
