1	Waffled back and forth between one and two stars.  Felt maybe they only deserved two because they didn't actually break anything on my car, but went with one anyway because I felt they would have.These aren't mechanics; they're minimum wage guys who've been trained to do a repetitive task over and over.  I took my car in for an alignment, and when I tried telling the service rep what was going on with my car, he stared at me blankly like he had no idea what I was talking about, then handed me a pre-printed questionnaire to fill out inquiring about the symptoms as to why I felt I needed an alignment.  Okaaaay....   Then, when the guy was trying to input the info into the computer, despite my telling him literally no fewer than five times the make, model, and year of my car... he was searching under the wrong car brand!  Not off to a good start, especially since he kept trying to upswell me on things I didn't want.Well, not-good start got worse when I got a call 30 minutes after dropping it off, saying they couldn't do an alignment on my car, because it was too new and they didn't have the proper specs for it.  Mind you, I was in need of an alignment because I'd changed parts on my car from factory stock, so stock specs wouldn't have done them any good anyhow.  They should have known this when I asked them if they could do alignment work to begin with.If you're the sort of person who has no problem getting their oil changed at Walmart or Jiffy Lube, because you prize cheapness over quality, attentive mechanics, then maybe you'll do alright here.  If you're someone who wants to take your car to a shop with trained, knowledgeable mechanics who understand how to maintain a car properly, or are a person who values your time, avoid this place at all costs.
4	New location is nice, clean, friendly, and helpful. I called around to a few other places before deciding to go here. One of the reasons I chose this place was because when I called they not only went out of there way to help but I actually was on the phone with the General Manager (I had no idea at the time) who gave me a few different selections and information about them. Well the model I wanted they didn't have in stock but he then said being a new customer to Firestone I want you to get a good deal and so they where going to give me these really nice and crazy expensive tires for a bit more than the ones I wanted. I scheduled the appointment for that day.As I was getting ready to leave they called me back saying the actually located the tires I wanted and sent someone to go and get them. Which I was happy about but then I kinda wasn't because he made those other tires sound so good and at an extremely discount rate it was an amazing deal. (but still a little more than I wanted to spend) I said great and ended up with my original choice. I dropped my car off and they had it done pretty quickly. Great service and friendly, but of course they try to up-sell you. Here are the three reasons they didn't get a 5 star1) I overpaid to have an alignment $90 is pretty fricking stiff but I wanted to just have the whole thing done at the same time so I paid.2) I didn't like that they didn't have the one extra thing Nitrogen instead of air in my tires since I have low pros and the air goes quicker than Nitrogen  does.3) I noticed a few days later all of my tire caps went missing after the tire replacement. On a side note is this a scam from tire shops because the 3 times I have got tires they have always gone missing and then they try to sell me new ones.Other than that I would buy tires from them again. Not oil or anything else just tires!
5	Got a flat tire at 7:40pm Friday, yelped and found them still opening. Called the store at 7:54, 6 minutes before they close... All of them stayed in the store and waited for us to fix our tire. We got in at 8:05, got out by 8:30! Nice people, nice tire, nice price, nicest service!! They were so helpful, so efficient and so nice! Thank you for saving my weekend firestone!!
5	I absolutely had the best experience with customer service here! Very inviting and good with greeting and acknowledging customers.I went in with problems with  my ac that was developed from a previous shop. They took care of me with no problem Frank who worked on my car was very hands on with not only showing me but thoroughly explaining What was wrong with my car. The manager was just as great  and helped  reassure me all would be fine.  The waiting area was clean and inviting with tv's and a play area to keep my son occupied during our wait... I'll definitely go back and recommend  everyone to stop in. .. thank you guys so much!
5	My land rover overheated on the freeway and I didn't notice until steam was pouring out from under the hood and the red light was lit above the temp gauge. I was afraid to have it towed here because I didn't know anything about the shop. I am glad I did. They were completely honest and friendly. They were quick at diagnosing a cracked overflow tank and disconnected hose. They even gave my wife and I ride to a restaurant to wait on the repair. They called soon after our meal was finished to let me know they pressurized the system and everything looks good and they came and picked us up. They could have taken advantage of the situation and rung up an enormous repair bill but they were completely fair.
1	This single star rating is all because of the one employee with which I interacted. Everyone else was fine. As a matter of fact someone actually tried to remedy the situation the first employee messed up.  However, I was still very upset from the first interaction and was having none of it. I'll spare everyone the full story but there was a dark-haired larger-build Hispanic guy that helped me the first time.  It's not an exaggeration to say that if this guy had any less customer service skills, he would be a rock.  Still, he's a mechanic I thought so I let him order me the part and I came back two days later at the time he set for me.  I rearranged mine and my friend's whole schedule that day for this repair.  Well, guess what, that dude wasn't there and no one in the store knew anything about my part being ordered or my appointment.  The guy that was there at the time did his best to remedy the situation but nothing could be done that day.  I appreciate his efforts but my day was already ruined. I'm sorry that the first guy's competence brings down the rest of the team, but that's how it goes. I will not be going to this store while that first guy still works there and I have no choice but to assume that he's merely an indication of how this place is managed.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!!! Went in for a routine oil change, left with my ABS light and battery light on! I went back inside and told them they messed something up because nothing was wrong with my car Before I came in my car was running fine and had no lights on. They tell me it's not there fault and will find out what's wrong and fix it but I have to pay for it to be fixed ! I said screw them and I'll take my business else where becAuse I refuse to give my money to people who are trying to scam me because I'm a woman. And now a day later from leaving them my car is completely broken down. DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE!!!
1	Is it possible to give less than 1 star? B/c it should be! I usually go to this location out of convenience but after the last 2 times where the manager (Antony and Gerry) who have the worst customer service and attitude - I will NOT be returning. They are so RUDE and cut you off while you're speaking. This is a shame b/c the mechanics there were really nice and helpful - but just dealing w/ the GM made my whole experience terrible
5	I had nothing but 5 star service from the moment I arrived.Side, note ... they're busy so it's best to makean appointment if possible.Great customer service skills, great communication.I'd had an oil change and an alignment done on my vehicle a few days before at another auto repair business.At the other place, they also rotated my tires.  When my tires were off they showed me a bunch of grease or somesort of built up gunk around one of my CV boots.They also showed me that my tires were in very poor condition.They offered to sell me new tires, but offeredme a cheap tire.  I passed on that.So I called and made an appointment for this Firestone.Upon arrival I advised the employee of whatI'd had done a few days prior, and asked him to have his service techs take a look at theissue with the CV boot leak.They came back stating that they'd checkedfor leaks twice and found nothing.   It just looked as if someone wiped a bunchof grease on my CV boot axle.  So they cleaned it.Also, my tires came back still a bit out of alignment.  I looked at the printout, which showed an improved from a few days ago, but it was still out of alignment, and one of my tires was leaning at an angle,which would produce uneven wear.So they fixed all of that, plus a nice set of good tires, plus a lifetime tire warranty, for a very VERY reasonable price.Nobody could be what I paid here atthis Firestone ... plus great service.Highly recommend!
5	Nothing but the best service and customer care!!!!! Got work done below my estimated costs. Advised and asked about everything they found along the way. The general manager did everything he could to assist me in keeping all costs down but the highest quality work. Wouldn't take my truck anywhere else.
1	This location is receiving one star...because it is required to leave a review. I will start off by saying the store manager has been nothing but nice, and it saddens me that the service is so poor when he is not there. Along with the good comes the bad and the ugly. David (supposedly the service manager) is all sorts of rude. My husband was in once and worked with Jerry, things went smoothly. On our second visit I had spoke to Jerry about brakes and he confirmed that a courtesy ride would not be an issue. when I called to let them know I was on my way, and confirm the courtesy ride back to my house (less than 2 miles) David said it was too far and would have to go elsewhere. Plain and simple. He didn't want to be bothered. So I did. Fast forward 1 month. My a/c goes out. This exact firestone had did some repair work less than 2 months ago that required them to work with the a/c system. I called to see if we needed an appointment and David said we had to come pretty quick if we wanted it looked at today (it was about 1pm). We bring it down to have it looked at and were in contact with David again. Why we had to hurry, not sure. There was 1 other car there. David informed us there was a diagnostic fee of $30 and insisted that the problem was not related to the work they had done. When asked if the diagnostic would be waived if it was in fact from the work they had done he laughed and said no. After a lot of back and forth, David ripped up the work up sheet and told us if we wanted it looked at we would have to come back Tuesday and talk to Jerry. We were not fond of waiting 4 day's..nor were we impressed with David's attitude. Long story short. We will not be going back to this location. EVER.
1	Beware they don't fix things and there quote prices change so you will most likely pay double.
1	Been in twice to get a quote. Both times the salesmen was interested in only selling me packages, warranties and extras. Needless to say I found the service I needed cheaper and with better customer service else where. I won't be back a third time.
5	I brought my truck here last week for an oil change and during the inspection they found a major issue with my brake system. I ended up replacing the master cylinder and power booster. They were fast, friendly and affordable. I felt the manager was through in his explanation of the problem and was able to offer me a discount on the service. I was satisfied enough to come back today with another vehicle for service. Again, they were fast, thorough and friendly. I would recommend this location to anyone needing a honest place to service your vehicle.
4	I'm in Vegas for vacation, on my way to Utah, my car was hit. I brought it here and Phil helped me out. He was very helpful and explained everything and brought me out to show the part that was damaged and showed me the other side's part so I could see the difference. Thanks Phil. Steffanie location (Henderson,  NV).
5	I know absolutely nothing about cars. The people at Firestone help me understand what is wrong with my car and they help me fix it. I have had 4 flat tires within the past year, and they have helped me every time very efficiently and quickly. They also replaced my tire and my car battery and their service has always been amazing. No matter the cost, I am always willing to pay the mechanics of Firestone to work on mystore. The workers are always understanding of lack of automobile  wisdom and they're very friendly.
5	After stopping here to get an oil change after making it cross country, we have to say that our experience was nothing less than five stars.The staff members here were incredibly polite, extremely prompt, and went out of their way to take care of us since we were getting it done on a rental car. When we asked questions we were greeted with respectful answers which at times isn't the case when talking about something you don't know.At one point there was an issue with this store getting reimbursement from the rental company, but instead of making it a huge deal and extending our time they let us go on our way and took car of the issue later.In the end, I am a fan of this Firestone and we are happy that we stopped at this particular branch.
5	Called this Firestone location regarding a specific tire quote and I was amazed that they beat everyone I called.  Fast installation and I am a happy tire customer.
5	Just stopped in because my tire light was on. I walked in told them and they had us park by the shop and they ran out and fixed the problem. So fast. It was like we just made a pitstop. Friendly guys. Great service. No more tire light! :)
1	Worst customer service ever!!  I went in and asked if they could check the transmission oil on my Volvo.  I was told, "we like to stay away from Volvo's, Mercedes and BMW's, but let me see".  She then asked a mechanic who asked another mechanic.  After about 10 minutes, the first mechanic started working on a car and the 2nd mechanic got in his car and drove off!!!  The girl who worked there walked out and said, "yeah sorry, we can't help you".  I waited over 15 minutes to be told this!  Not to mention there was only 1 car in the bay so it wasn't even busy.  Never going back!
