4	Standing at the top of the 300 block of State Street, you have two choices for men's wear:  The ubiquitous Gap and the local favorite Jazzman.  One serves up a bland, predictable fare of polos and khaki while the other ventures into the a bit more adventurous territory (sometimes to a fault).While your taste may vary, I highly recommend a stop into the Jazzman before venturing over to the lowest-common-denominator that is the Gap. Fully stocked with brands that are hard to find in the Midwest outside of Chicago, it's a great place to swing by to spruce up your wardrobe (casual or fancy-pants).Also, the sales staff on Saturday dished out a compliment to the Yelp.com t-shirt I was sporting.  Props to Mr. Ernst.
5	Sexy staff, smart style. Not to be mistaken for your average metrosexual boutique; these guys are classy and confident, unhindered by the insecurity that fuels the typical Madison Dude (or displaced metrosexual). That the inventory shuns the homogeneity one would find at other men's clothing stores is, of course, admirable, but more impressive is the quality --the store doesn't put style over substance, and if you love your clothes they'll love you back for a long time. Forget the disposable hipster clothes from UrbO -invest in something cool from Jazzman. Your lady friends will certainly notice.
5	Although Shawn is correct in describing the staff as "sexy," that's not why you should shop here. You should shop here because the staff will make sure YOU are sexy.Every time I've come into The Jazzman, the staff have been very helpful and honest when creating different looks for me. They've been sure to sincerely listen to me as I describe my unique style, and then help me find clothing that fits that self-description. And they know just how far to stretch me beyond that self-assessment without going too far -- which is the key. Given enough time to sift through their merchandise, I could likely create the same "safe" looks that they did. But it's their uncanny ability to push the limits of my personal style that earns The Jazzman the top spot on my list of clothing stores in Madison.Trust me. You will look good after shopping here. And people will notice.
1	Unprofessional! Although the store opens at 10:00 am, two employees were unlocking the front door and walking in at 10:08. I asked, "Don't you open at 10?"..reply..."yeah, give us a couple minutes to put our jackets away". They shut and locked the door, leaving me on the stoop. It's 18 degrees and they don't have the sense to invite me in and have me browse while they go through the opening sequence?! Parking is nonexistent for State Street businesses (most of which are useless), making it a chore to shop downtown, yet these guys don't recognize how important it is to keep customers. I left, and won't return. I knew what I wanted and would have been out the door in less than 5 minutes. Good retailers would love to make money with minimal effort.If good service is important to you, while you over pay for merchandise, don't shop at Jazzman.
5	Absolutely by far the best men's (local) store in madison. For those men who want to spice their wardrobe up a bit more than the standard JC Penny Levi's, etc. This has a little more "metro" and new-age feel to it with great fashion for men of all ages. There are slim pickin's for men's places to shop and this place is great!
1	I am sorry but this place thinks it is fabulous but it is not.Nothing worse than thinking you are fab and are not.The staff loves themselves too much and the clothes are tired.If Madison really wants to believe it is fierce than Jazzman needs to order some Marc Jacobs or Prada or Gucci or Kiehls.Instead it has Jazzman, unfortunately.  The clothes reminding me of something from a Human League video.Get over yourself Jazzman.  May be diva for the shopper from northern Wisconsin but for the rest of us that  have been around it doesn't work.Also, get a better website.  A site that just shows your store is really old.  How about highlighting your lame "designers" and "brands" but no, just a picture of the store to make it seem mysterious and cool-not.Call me when you offer Miu Miu.The ties are hideous. And the jean selection is criminal.
5	Simply the best casual men's clothing store in Madison.  I have been shoping here for many, many years.  I always gets compliments on the cloths I purchase at Jazzman.  I take friends and family there for upgrades to their wardrobes.  I even have family and friends from out of town (Boston, San Fran, NYC) who keep Jazzman on their "must do" list when visiting Madison.  It, of course, has a lot for the younger man (18-35), but if you are smart and take the advice of the owners Paul and Craig, you can find something great no matter how old you are.
4	Wonderful finds at Jazzman! Only reason it's a 4 star is that some things are over priced and it's a bit crammed. The staff is friendly and helpful however, and you can usually find some great things.
4	The soundtrack is incredible. Let's start there. I could shop for hours if it meant just casually meandering about and listening to the jazzy tunes piped throughout the store. Prices are high, know that going in and you won't rush home to write a 2 star review. There's a sizable nook in the back comprised of a few sale racks and some sale shoes. Big ups for the sale shoe prices. They had some nice looking things today for around $40. I do wish things were merchandised a touch better because it's a little hard to take it all in. The place is overflowing with stuff and paring down a touch to really highlight the awesome threads might make for an easier shopping experience. All in all I'm a fan of this jazz.
5	50% off until the end of January = 5 stars.
5	The best section by far! Keep it up Paul.
5	The best men's clothier in Madison. Jazzman has been around for years, and they still feature the freshest threads to be found anywhere in Madtown. Whether you're looking for a new suit and tie or something as casual as a pair of jeans and a t shirt, Jazzman won't disappoint. Shoes, belts, hats, bow ties, pocket squares; this place has it all! If the fit isn't perfect, there are two tailors within walking distance, at least one of which does same day alterations. The staff at Jazzman is friendly and helpful, not pushy. They want you to look good more than they want to make a sale. Go NOW!
4	+ Great selection of higher-end denim+ Cool shoes+ Cool accessories- I'm not as huge of a fan of the shirts/etc+ Awesome sales (20-50% off, discount racks)- Usually only have one person at register so trying on shoes is a bit tricky at times
4	One of Madison's only options for men's clothing. Be sure to get to know the crew and they will be able to help you build a better wardrobe. Hits: quality clothes,  fast fashion options, and attentive service.Misses: None.Hints: Don't miss their Nixon watch offerings and deep discount sales.
