4	Swoozie's is very hot pink and bright orange and it's amazingly sweet. The store is set up into different party theme sections. So you want ideas or something easy to coordinate, they've got all the different pieces you can put together.If you've got a "tween" this is a great spot to get extra girly fussy stuff.
2	This place is really cute and fun to walk around and look at all the cutesy stuff.  Now that I am an adult, I try not to purchase so much of the "cutesy" stuff- but I do still love it all!Anyhow, the reason for only 2 stars is because the staff was so odd.  When I walked in, not a single person on staff said hello.  I found it pretty strange and uncomfortable.  It was my first time in the store.  So I walk around and consider purchasing some stationary but then realize the 18 different boxes of stationary I have at home will probably be enough for my entire lifetime so I decide against it.  Then I walk closer to the register where all the staff is hanging out, thinking maybe someone will say hi now?  NOPE-- WRONG.  I made eye contact with 2 different employees and smiled and not a single smirk back or an audible sound was made towards me-- only each other.  Sometimes it's nice to be left alone while shopping but not even hearing a "hello" is pretty bad.  I then leave and head over to Sur La Table and purchase some kitchen crap.  Does this mean I should use it now?I go back in Swoozie's b/c I am killing time here to go to an event later on.  AGAIN, not a single hello, in fact nobody even looked up!  They must have been really busy?  Just an odd odd odd experience in such a cute store.  I won't be back, I can buy this same stuff at Write Ons and they will be nice to me and greet me.
5	Love this store. It is pink(!) and orange(!) and glittery(!) and filled with adorable party items, holiday decor and stationery - exactly the sort of things you never knew you needed! Love the selection of personalized stamps and stationery - i mean, who ever has enough personalized stationery?The staff is very helpful. Elizabeth helped me choose my wedding invites and directed me to some smaller, more artsy designers. I found an invite I loved and they were even able to order custom colors. The invites were beautiful and came in early. Our guests loved them and my maid of honor thought they were so cool she framed one for Husband and I. As a result of this, I also went here for my bridesmaid gifts, which I had monogrammed (this is another thing I love here - they can and will monogram everything! love, love, love.). Everything came out beautifully and again, early! I will definitely come back here when I need stationery or invites for anything. The personalized service is excellent and the selection is unbeatable. Compared to the internet, Swoozie's only charges a bit more, but the personalized service is worth it!
4	I love Swoozie's!!  I was so SAD when the store on Camelback CLOSED this summer.  But, you can still find them online at www.swoozies.com!
