2	Very unimpressed. To this office's credit, I went to the wrong office and ended up being 15 minutes late which is entirely my bad and I would have totally understood had they told me they wouldn't be able to see me, but no! Instead they had me fill out paperwork and turn over insurance and ID cards for 15 minutes, then had me wait another 30 minutes before telling me that the Doctor would be unavailable to see me today. Like I said, I would have understood had they told me immediately that they couldn't see me today, but to waste 45 minutes of my time by just having me hang out and do paperwork for them is not cool. Nice way to blow part of a paid workday if you have the extra time to waste. If your time is valuable, you should probably find another provider. I would have given them one star, but I'm giving them two since I was the one that was initially late. I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt that had I been on time they wouldn't have pulled the same shit.
5	Been a patient of Dr Soumi for years they always pleasant never late . I recommend everyone I know to try them  they are awesome
5	Dr Soumi is a fantastic dentist for my whole family!!!! I am an MD and would recommend him to any dental patient.. We are blessed to have such a great dentist and person right here in summmerlin.
5	Best dentist I have ever been to. I have crappy teeth (genetics, acid issues) that I need to look beautiful. The crowns and other work that I have gotten from Dr. Soumi are the best looking teeth I have! He is an artist and a professional. I get a lot of compliments on my smile that has been engineered at Gardens. I am also having him re-do other work done by other dentists in Vegas. He is my smile savior!!
5	Dr. Soumi has been my dentist for over four years. He's always in a good mood and takes the time to explain everything he's going to do beforehand, which puts me at ease. I also see the dental hygienists at this office and they are always so friendly and helpful. I recommend this office to anyone who asks.
