5	I love this place. I love Graeme who has taken so much time and effort in fixing my wonky feet and wonky gait and who puts up with an hour consulation everytime i need a new pair of shoes. I love the fact that even though I am a rubbish runner, he seems to sympathise with me and is really funny with a great sense of humour! I love that they record you running and play back all the footage so they can see the exact phases of the gait and can compare shoes. Never had a bad pair from here - which is more than i can say from some of their competitors!
4	Great shop, staff, large selection of kit and shoes, cant go wrong here. They also run a jogging group out of their premises on a Sunday morning which is good for the locals who need a run
3	training for a half marathon means making sure that i've got the right kit.  so after trying a few sports shops i decided that i needed to make the trip to a proper running shop.  as i was in bruntsfield and knew about this shop i thought i'd stop in.the shop is a fairly good size and has a decent selection of different well known running brands.  i felt a bit strange browsing though as the cash register is right in the middle of the room so the shop assistant was just there even though i said i was just looking.  also the store was a bit dark so it made it hard to see the items on sale.  i was after a good sports bra and i have to say this store didn't disappoint in the selection.  they have a massive selection of nike, shock absorber, and other good brands.  now these are quite pricey but they're good quality so i didn't feel too bad paying the price.so overall i feel like the products on offer were good, but i didn't feel like the shop assistant was that helpful compared to the help i'd received at another running shop.  i also felt like the majority of items were quite expensive and that there wasn't a massive selection which left me less than impressed.
4	Being a recent convert to running and finding I had some pain in my hips when starting out, I sought out somewhere to advise me on running shoes that could help with the problem.Footworks were utterly brilliant and provided such a good service that I have never looked anywhere else for running shoes.The staff are friendly & highly knowledgeable and will tell you if you have your eye on the wrong kind of gear rather than just selling to you regardless.They have a lovely selection of stock and although pricey, I have never been disappointed with a purchase. Footworks also is a little hub for the Edinburgh running community with free brochures on running events nationwide & its own running club.A place well worth a visit if you are serious about your running.
4	Wandered in here after class one day because I noticed its like the only store in Edinburgh that carries the Vibram Fivefinger toe shoes. When I wear those things I feel like Forrest Gump and I could run like the wind. But this review is about the store not my awesome shoes ;)  Walking in you quickly realize how big the place is. It stretches back left and then right into another fairly large room full of goodies. I was looking to either get a normal running shoe or a new pair of Vibrams. The staff was quite polite, gave me a moment to browse and then asked me if I needed any help.  There was a decent selection I thought especially for a small store ( compared to a giant Nike store or something ) and there was a good selection of running cloths and such. I really liked that they had a board by the entrance that had lots of running info so I can find out when races are coming up and go to them. The only thing here is that the place is really pricy I thought. Maybe I am just being cheap but it seems like all the shoes were 100 or more which just seems high to me. But like I said I could be wrong.So if your looking for a good place that will help you pick a running shoe to fit you, or you want to try the Vibrams and join the barefoot running movement then this place is the place to go!
