4	Potentially a good replacement for the now gone Tempe Kyoto Bowl. The food is very good, and is prepared in front of you so you know it hasn't been moldering in a pot for hours in the back. The employees upsell a little too much for my taste, but they're new and I think that will stop over time. They also bespeak the healthfulness of the food. (Well really, they talked up the "healthyness," but that's wrong, food isn't healthy. People are.) This may just be my own personality disorder, but I don't want employees getting that chatty with me when I'm ordering lunch. Stop trying to convince me how good your food is Daniel Webster, just rustle me up a plate and I'll get back to you! Sheesh! It certainly doesn't make me feel sluggish like overly fatty food usually does, it has a lot more vegetables in it, I was able to get my Teriyaki Chicken with brown rice, and it is comparably priced to Kyoto Bowl or Samurai Sams.While they just opened, which usually means you can't really trust the Yelp review until they've settled in a bit more, it is part of a chain, so I don't think there will be much of a change. The food is yummy, it doesn't take long, and it isn't terribly expensive for what you get. (My Teriyaki Bowl was $6.80)
1	NOT impressed. The food was bland, the chicken rubbery, the service was slow despite only one other customer in the joint, and all-in-all, it was a mall-food-like experience.  I won't be back, lots of other options within steps.
2	Originally me and a friend were going next door to eat at Genghis Grill really quick before hitting up a movie, but the buffet line was incredibly long due to a couple of little league teams and we were pressed for time.  We both were in the mood for something asian-y so we decided to try this place out (right next door)We had both the chicken and beef teriyaki....no taste at all.  Required a lot of soy sauce and chili sauce to get anything out of it.  If I hadn't watched the dude make it, I would've thought he forgot to put any sauce in it.  The meat seemed pretty low quality as well.  The only thing they had going was that the veggies were really fresh, but that's about it.  I agree with Kevin C...it felt and tasted like we were in the food court at Fiesta.We were the only people there, while Genghis next door was packed...not sure how this place will stay in business with something so similar and way more popular next door.
1	Worst "Japanese" ever. There was one other couple in the place, but it still took almost 20 minutes for this fast food fiasco.They cook the food right at the counter, which helped me understand how it got so bad. The main issues were that the grill was both encrusted in grease (not in a my-grill-is-finally-seasoned way but in a this-gunk-is-sticking-to-everything way) and was set at far too high a heat. My chicken seared immediately to the grill and the cook had to scrape it off in order to turn it. In the end, the meat was shredded and stringy.There were four or five sauce options; I asked what one with an odd name tasted like, but the employees have apparently never tried it (and one confided that he had never eaten there). Too bad for me, I didn't get the hint when I was ordering so I stuck around for the food. Never again.
2	Not anything to write home about. Went there with two friends since I had a coupon, thought it would be a nice change of pace. I got teriyaki chicken and it was so-so. I'm a fan of veggies, but there was definitely a veggie overload on my plate. And they don't put the sauces on while it's cooking, my friends took three or four little cups of sauce back to our table to try them out. Probably won't eat here again.
1	CLOSEDLooks like another one bites the dust...great location, great prices, good portions, good service but HORRIBLE food maybe cause its a Canadian company...next time when the sign says "Made in Japan"...maybe the food or company should actually come from there.
4	I was at the Tempe Marketplace during the Xmas holiday season. The Marketplace was extremely congested, crowded & busy. Once I completed my shopping, I wanted a hearty & budget friendly meal. Majority of the foodfast & sit-down restaurants were unorganized and in disarray due to the crowds. I went into Teriyiaki Experience was surprised at the excellent & prompt service under the stress of the holiday crowd. The staff was friendly and attended to each customer with the utmost professionalism for a busy foodfast restaurant. The prices and the food are GREAT!! The New Management $3.99 special is a steal for the amount of tasty food they offer. Yelp, I am a fan & a foodie. :-) This restaurant ranks high on the *YUM* factor!!
1	The worst lunch ever. the food tasted gross and the service was horrible.  I will NEVER eat there again!!!
5	I suggest you all take another look at this restaurant. It is under NEW OWNERSHIP and NEW MANAGEMENT. Service is much better, and food quality is higher than before.  It's great for those of us who are health conscious that you can choose your meat to be cooked in either oil or water. Open for business and better than ever!
5	Once you try it, you will come back again and again.  Under new management and the the food is great.  The staff is extremely accommodating and very welcoming.  No one seemed to agree on which bowl was the best, when I asked for guidance,  they all had separate favs.  I ended up trying the Chicken Teriyaki.  Loved the fresh veggies, and had a terrific flavor.  Its nice to know there are still places I can go that are healthy for my figure and tastes great on the tongue.  They have a new wheel that they seem to be trying out.  It was nice to have an extra discount and made us all laugh as we spun it.  Seemed silly, but hey anything that makes one smile is always great.  One of the staff came out and made chopstick aids for my kids, so that even they could feel like big kids and eat like the Japanese...lolJared should give up subway and come here...lmao
