4	I am shopping for a queen sized bed, and I am rather price sensitive.This store is convenient, and Gavin "Your Sleep Expert" was really accommodating and helpful.This store carries a variety of different makes and models, including space foam. They have a nice "clearance" area (pick and pack sort of thing). Gavin likens himself to local automobile television commercial icon John Barr "I'll do anything to sell you this bed". Gotta give props for that.The better things about this store in comparison with other furniture outlets in the Las Vegas area are:*) Sales, sales, sales ... which should offset the seemingly higher retail price of their beds.*) 100-day guarentee. As I recall from talking with Gavin, the policy is the store will restock your bed, no charge, up to 100 days if you are not satisfied. In contrast, other stores (like Remote Control Will He stores) only go 30 days and charge a restocking fee.*) Gavin will remember you when you come back. It's nice to be remembered.Credit available. Convenient location. Delivery option.
5	Picture it....10 hour drive from SF to LV. Then you get here and realize you have to get a bed by the end if the night or I would be sleeping on the floor.I walked into great service. They were having a sale and made my self out the door with same day delivery, and great pricing.!!!!!One happy customer !!!
5	Since it's a new year, we decided we needed to get a new bed. This place is close to our house so we went in to check it out -- and I'm so glad we did! Bill, the sales guy working the floor on New Year's Day, knew more about mattresses than any human being I have ever met. Seriously, this dude was like the mattress guru or something. He educated us on all sorts of springs, cooling gels, memory foam and more. Bill treated this more like his career instead of "just a job." Mad respect for that. After spending about an hour trying out all the beds in the store, we narrowed it down to two. Bill gave us the pros and cons of each (and he did NOT try to steer us towards the most expensive ones in the store as most sales people usually do). He genuinely cared about helping us find the "right" mattress (or at least he made me feel like he cared). He was friendly, helpful and not slimy at all (he even knocked off a bit of money when we had initial sticker shock on one of the top of the line beds). Best of all, they delivered our new mattress today -- in less than 24 hours after we bought it! Our delivery window was 9 am - 12 noon and I expected to be stuck sitting in the house all day but imagine my delight when the delivery guys showed up EARLY at 8:50 with my mattress! WOOT! They even wore blue booties and everything. Consider me impressed with the service, sales team and delivery at Mattress Firm. Their prices might be higher than some places, but the mattress quality and customer service is worth the extra money. I won't ever buy a cheap mattress from Costco again.
5	Come here and ask for Arij. Super friendly, knowledgeable, no pressure, and can give you a pretty damn good price for the mattress your little heart (and back and legs and head) desires. I wasn't even shopping for myself, but I wish he worked in SF so the next time I needed a mattress, he was around to sell it to me.
5	My wife and I walked in yesterday just to browse. We knew we wanted a mattress because our current one was basically the cheapest of cheap and killing my lower back every night.We knew a mattress purchase was coming soon but this was literally the first store we tried after looking around a bit online.As soon as we walked in a gentleman named Dave introduced himself and asked a lot of questions about what we wanted. We showed us his suggestions and we really ended up trying almost every bed in the store it seemed. He was super patient and didn't try to drive us to the more expensive things at all. He pointed out why they were better but I honestly don't think he pushed us one way or the other. Of course the features of the $3,000 mattress will be better than those of the $700 one so it always sounds better when he talked about the better ones.At some point my wife and I kind of just looked at each other and realized we were buying a mattress from Dave just because we liked him. I'd really rather pay a little extra to have someone like Dave sell to me rather than a greasy young punk who just wants commission like we've seen at furniture stores in the past.We ended up getting what I think was a really good deal on a Stearns & Foster hybrid mattress with a couple of freebies and same-day delivery. We were able to walk out of the store happy and sleep on the mattress that same night. Couldn't have asked for anything better.We also have 100 days to try the bed and exchange it if we aren't happy and only have to pay for delivery of the new mattress which is even better although we don't plan on it.
5	Best customer service! I walked into this store and did not expect such great service. I purchased my mattress 4 years ago and unfortunately purchased 2 manufacture defected beds, I went to the store to pick out another bed and Arij was friendly, informative and such a pleasure to work with, he understood my frustration and turned my disappointment to a pleasurable and awesome experience! Thank you ARIJ, we need more people like him in this world!
