5	This place is like a must visit every time I come to Arizona. I'm assuming the original Nogales Hot Dogs purchased a food truck and uses this location as one of its stops. This place never fails to satisfy me. They have this big cooler of three assortments of hot sauces, along with cheese, mushrooms, onions, and chili pepper condiments. The tacos are a fair size, though I had four to myself. The hot dogs aren't Costco sized, but with all the toppings in it made it sufficient. I don't know their hours, but it's always around at night when I swing by.
5	BEST MEXICAN FOOD IN PHOENIX!! enough said. not a whole lot of choices, but the best hot dogs, the best lengua tacos and great service. authentic. we go here every single Saturday night for dinner.
5	This place is THE BEST! Cheap, tasty mexican food served out of a roach coach! Yes those dogs are awesome but what this one has that the carts don't are the vampiros. So bomb! Eat those grilled sonoran peppers and some habanero hot sauce and your doin it right! The owner is at this location a lot. He's a nice guy. Owns all the carts around the valley. Either you have to know where they are or ask him he'll tell you. Too bad they don't stay open after the bars it is perfect drunk food!
5	Love this place.  Hot dogs are the best and the tacos are great too.  They are even open for lunch on the weekends.  My daughter loves the tacos de caveza.  I find it hard to pick because I know it is all great and I can't eat it all.
4	My favorite taco joint ever! They offer traditional pastor, asada, cabeza and veggie options but for me it's the seasoning of said meats that seals the deal ... not sure what it is but it is addicting. The salsa is nice and tangy with a bit of heat. Bet you can't have just one :)
5	Food was so damn good make you wanna slap your mama!! LolI got food for the family and the burgers are good my daughter loved her cheese fries and the hot dogs were amazing and the burrito was smaller than filibertos but so much more better as far as taste. My only complaint would be about the quesdilla they were small and definitely not worth the money buy overall a 5 and will be a repeat customer
5	Something I never would have thought I would have had the chance to experience. But I'm so glad I did. These are best after a good night of drinking.
5	I took my boys to have a hot dog and they were great. Odd combination for me but I will say it works well. Come enjoy an authentic Mexican hot dog here with your family...
5	Fantastic!!!! Funny story, I tried to go here the other day before the truck showed up and walked around looking for a restaurant. I guess I should've read a bit more!!! hahaIts 6 blocks from my house so last night (after 7pm) my wife and I took a walk for dinner. THERE's THE TRUCK!! They have a very large food truck and a tent set up with seating for probably 25-30 people. Its get busy there so get there early if you want seating. They even have a waiter working all the tables and taking orders to go! Dude was busy as hell but still kept things flowing great! I went outside the norm and ordered Tacos Cabeza and Vampiros Lengua as well as some nachos and some Veggie Tacos for my wife!!! My Tacos were great, Vampiro(think huge tostada) was great, nachos were ordinary, wife really enjoyed her veggie tacos. This is a great spot! Customer for as long as the truck frequents this location!
5	Round 2 was just as awesome!!! Tried their specialty The Nogales Hot Dog and it was great! Almost torta like dough for the bun, nice char dog under a salsa of sorts! Tacos cabeza and legua! Nice and tender with great flavor!! This local spot is fantastic  Be mindful of the hours!!! Doing my best here to remember. Monday-Thursday 7pm-12:30amFriday 7pm-2am Saturday 8am-2amSunday 8am-12amThis is a food truck for the new folks!!!!
3	IT IS A FOOD TRUCK. I wish that was stated somewhere on the page. I drove miles and miles today to find out it was not there. I had to do a web search, and that is where I found out. . I think that the word food truck should be put next to, or below the name. The stablishment at least should keep cust up to days of the whereabouts. Big bummer.
3	At $3.25 per hot dog, these aren't the best hot dogs I've had. When you ask for everything, it comes with pico de gallo (tomatoe and onions), sausage, mayo, bacon, and beans. It was good but it was missing flavor. I had to put 2 types of hot sauces to give it extra flavor. Don't think of putting ketchup on these as it is not customary to do so in Sonora (Nogales is city that borders Sonora and Arizona). Make sure you always, I repeat, ALWAYS accompany with a bottled coke.
