1	This place opened where the old Teakwoods used to be.  A few minor decor updates, that actually made the atmosphere less inviting (although I'm not sure how this is even possible?)!  Untrained staff, a horrifically stinky bathroom, and a soda line that tastes like dirt - all factors in making this place one of the worst places I've been to in Phoenix.There did not appear to be an owner/manager on-site - strange for a new business.  I don't think I'd eat here if you paid me.TIP: (and this one was from our waitress who used to work at the old Teakwoods) If you want a mixed drink, try something with juice since it comes in a bottle and not out of the soda gun that has always had something wrong with it and tastes like dirt.
1	I am angry this place drove out Teakwoods... It's a convenient neighborhood spot, so my husband and I were hoping at least a great new place drove away our favorite wings and sports bar.  No.  The owners were too lazy to change the decor, it was dark and weird and confused.  The space is underutilized, the menu had no direction, and the food was awful.  The entire place lacks both concept and execution. We will not be returning, and are sad to have lost  a neighborhood gem.
4	I went with a couple of friends for lunch today. It does look quite a bit different than Teakwood....but who cares its a different restaurant now and besides Teakwood was nothing to write home about anyway. We thought the service was friendly and efficient. We all had burgers that came out perfectly cooked. They have daily specials that I look forward to trying. I say give The O a try.
1	My boyfriend and I came here on Sunday to drink beer, eat food and watch football. We sat at the bar and had a male bartender. He was friendly enough and a little too attentive. He also seemed to have a texting addiction, which has been mentioned in previous reviews. The owner came by and asked us how everything was which I thought was great. Now, I'm not one to complain about food that I ordered, but it was mediocre at best. I had the veggie wrap thing. It came with pinto beans, avocado and cabbage or something. It was just not good. I would have preferred maybe black beans or some fajita veggies or something. Reason I gave this place only one star:The bartender was eating behind the bar. He cut himself some celery (sans gloves) and dipped them in ranch and ate the shit outta them. He never once washed his hands that I saw, and he didn't even use a napkin to wipe the excess ranch from his chin. Disgusting. Completely unacceptable. Also, I noticed one of the servers eating a banana on the front of the house floor. She never once washed her hands when she was finished either. I don't care if you're handling my beers, food or just even standing over there, wash your filthy hands. I have worked in bars for years and if I eat on my shift, I eat in the back where no one can see me and I make sure I sanitize everything before I go handle anyones food. The whole time she ate, the owner and what looked to be like a manager sat and chatted it up with her. Does this place have no rules or structure? If I had just put my money into a restaurant that is only 3 weeks old, I would NEVER allow that kind of behavior.This place needs a surprise visit from the health department. I guarantee they will not pass any tests they have. This place will not last and I probably won't be back.
1	This new restaurant suffers from what can only be called an identity crisis.I went here for the first time last week to try out " the new place that took over Teakwood's location" and encountered the following troubling items.  Knowing this place just opened, I figured I would give it one more shot and went again this week for dinner and drinks.  Unfortunately, my experience was the same.1.  The service was friendly, but suuuuuuuuper slow - it took a minimum of 20 minutes just to get a cocktail and 45 minutes to get my food - the restaurant and bar were not busy.2.  The woman's bathroom smells like a "porta potty" - strong urine smell - absolutely disgusting.  If the women's restroom door was propped open, it actually smelled up the rest of the restaurant.3.  The food was blah and uninspired, there is absolutely nothing special about anything they served.  Additionally, there seems to be no rhyme or reason to the menu at all; mac and cheese, enchiladas, burgers?  This isn't Applebees...choose a genre of food and stick to it.4.  There seems to be little to no communication between anyone on the wait staff or the bar staff making asking for something, i.e. condiments, extra napkins, another drink, etc, a pain.  Their response is painfully slow and then I would receive either doubles of what I asked for or nothing at all.  As for the overall restaurant - there doesn't seem to be any rhyme or reason to it either...it seems to be suffering from, as I mentioned earlier, an identity crisis.So - I want Teakwoods back - it was fun, laid back, had a pub kind of feel, the food and service was good, the bathrooms didn't stink, and so forth.I won't be giving this new place any more of my business.  I'm all for supporting a local eatery, but this time, two strikes and their out.  The one good thing about this restaurant?  The wait staff was painfully friendly...I mean incredibly friendly, which was great.
1	The food was inedible. I would pass on this place.
1	Have driven past so many times thought it was about time I tried The O Bar.  I should have kept driving....Absolutely awful. My friend and I went for lunch, we sat at the bar thinking it would be faster and the place was completely empty - that should have been our first clue.  I ordered chicken wings with red hot sauce.  The wings were not even covered in sauce, as if the cook drizzled the hot sauce over them after they were on the plate.  A few of the wings were not fully cooked.  Wings are not that difficult to make, not sure how anyone fails at cooking wings.My friend ordered the nachos, huge towering plate of nachos, she said they were just "meh"The bartender would not shut up, he kept chatting with us even when we ignored him so we could chat with each other.  Stay away.  Much better food any where else!
1	I would love to write you a review of the food but unfortunately I had to cancel the meal and leave. It was that bad. I sat at the bar and ordered a tea to start, from here it took about 15 min for the bartender to take my order..and mind you I'm sitting right there. I ordered the O steak..I'm assuming its a special dish for $14. "OK!" Says the bartender. I wait awhile and finally ask if that comes cooked a certain way..."yes..one sec..I was gonna ask" she says after already having rung up 2 other orders...then walks away. Pretty sure it had sides to choose from and a salad you normally would get to pick the dressing for..since it just says dinner salad...nope..don't like suprises..never going back
1	horrible!
1	I was there the second night of business.  Servers everywhere yet piss poor service.  I was one of maybe five customers.  I ordered the steak, forty minutes later it arrived, cold,  I sent it back, only to receive my same steak and veggies microwaved to the point of no return.  Like all of you, I'm a local so I gave it a second chance.  One server and still very slow cold food.  Initially I ordered the stew and was told none was made that day.  Horrible, horrible, horrible place pretending  to be a restaurant.  Don't waste your time or money.  Who ever wrote the first, glowing review on Yelp must be the owner or sensory deprived.
1	Just got home from this place... wow, the music sounded like something from a really bad 70's porn, recorded on an 8 track player.  Then we got to the food... the food was bland at best, greasy and unsatisfying would be more accurate. The beer tasted like it was brewed at the same time the music was recorded.  Just a bizarre experience that left us unsatisfied.The only saving positive thing I can say is that the waitress was really nice and friendly.
1	I miss teakwoods. The service here was ok, the waitresses were nice and the manager made his rounds. Thats where the positives stop. The food was not very good. I had the burger and so did my girlfriend. They said its angus meat although I doubt it for 8.00. The meat was dry and fatty. I have had better burgers at wendys. I was really bummed this place wasn't better since its soo close to me. I will just have to go to zipps or the vig for a real burger.
