5	I went for my first time yesterday and I loved it! I didn't have to fill out pages and pages of take in forms and I saw the doctor in a matter of minutes. I expected it to be a quick and standard adjustment, but the doctor took time to find out what was going on with my back and what adjustments I needed. I also loved that the doctor explained what he was doing and why he was doing it- I didn't feel pressured to sign up for a monthly plan, but I did and I'm excited to go back! The staff at this location made me never want to go to a different location- great experience, great service, and great staff!
5	Convenient walk in hours and a lower cost than what my Insurance co-pay would have been. The doctor is great, facility is well decorated and an ultra-friendly staff. Highly recommend to anyone in the Northwest.
4	This shouldve been a 5 star review. Let me start by saying Dr. Todd Gardner was the best chiropractor I have ever been to. After my car accident I saw a chiropractor for almost a year and never got the results I got with Dr. Gardner on my first visit. Apparently its all down hill from there. Todd was let go for reasons unknown recently. On to the more serrious issue.  I called towards the beginning of July to ask for my wife and I to go to a per visit payment ( we currently have the family plan with 4 visits each per month) due to my lack of time to go stop by. Last month I didnt go a single time. I was told it would be a problem by one of the receptionists and that effective immediately I would no longer be getting charged. On the 29th, I was charged anyway. I went by there and the office manager told me she would contact her main office and get it "taken care of" I called again today to follow up and was told by yet another young lady ( 3 different people on 3 different calls) that I would not be receiving a refund and that was the end of it. I explained to her the entire situation and she told me that the first lady did not have the authority to make that decision so it didnt matter what she said. As I was attempting to plead my case, she literally hung up on me in the middle of my sentence. Now, regardless of everything else, this is complately unacceptable. I will no longer be visiting the Joint at ANY location nationwide as I would rather pay more where I am appreciated. I have sent a letter to their customer service department or whoever receives them and if in fact they do the right thing, I will gladly correct my review. But as of right now, I cannot in any stretch of good faith, recommend this place to anyone who values customer service.Update:I was contacted By Mark who is the regional manager. As soon as I had the opportunity to explain the situation to him, not only did he fix the problem, but he went above and beyond to do so. As someone who works in the customer service business, I must say that I am beyond pleased with how the situation was resolved. I will be back and will now continue to be a customer of the Joint and will definately continue to recommend this place to any of my friends or customers in need. Thank you
3	I must start by saying that initially my review would have been very different, as I had a great experience with Dr Gardner, but after they let him go, they have had closures and I waste time driving down there to find out they are not open , A different doctor eaach time, several who I did not like, then there is the issue of their "payment structure" Since I initially had a good experience, I decided to bring in my daugher who was having a few issues with her back after some daance auditions, I signed her up on the monthly ( family)  plan . After a few visists, she did not need nor want to continue, so I asked about switching my husband to take her place on the family plan. She said that was fine and have my husband come in and she would add him on. We did so, and then after getting my credit card stateent realized I was being charged and EXTRA 29.00. I called to be told , Well we can't put your husbands info over your daughters, so I had to add him on as a new account. Wouldn't that have been good info to call and let me know ? So at that time we cancelled Kaylas account now having paid 39.00 twice and also said we would just cancel my husbands account, as he had only use dit once and was not going to make use of it. I again ASsumed that it was cancelled and there would be no further charges. Wrong again. I was charged again the end of AugustIn this interim, let me remind you that the office was closed numerous times, and it took several phone calls to even try and get this resolved. Now I am being told that because I didn't notify them until August 5th, ( when I finally got a hold of Jaina) that was AFTER my billing date of July 29th, so they had the "right" to bill me for another month. SHe explained that it is not their fault that we did not use the account, that we agreed to the monthly membership and with that we get up to 4 visits. Hereis the big problem, When I think the account is cancelled, WHY WOULD I USE IT??? Never will I recomment this place to anyone. IT is unfortuante for me, as someone who has chronic back problems, the concept of the monthly plan for 4 visits is much more economical. It also is dependent on good doctors though too. I have only seen the new dr., once.  Just beware of the fine print for their "policy"
5	I have read the previous reviews and unfortunately when memberships are involved there are always misunderstandings and hurt feelings. This includes tanning and gym memberships and yes it can be frustrating. However, as adults we can't assume anything and we need to ask questions to be absolutely aware of what we are signing up for and allowing access of our credit cards to be charged. Usually one membership can't be transferred to another person, they did not sign the contract you did. Also if you find you aren't using your membership you need to cancel right away, you can't call and some how get your money back it doesn't work that way.  I have been upset with memberships In the past but it was my ignorance and now I know to ask detailed questions like when is my card billed and what date do I need to cancel before they charge my card again? The reason I go into all of this is because I think it is a shame if people don't go to The Joint in the NW on Durango because of a misunderstanding on memberships. I have been going for a month now, the first day I went I asked Jaina all the questions pertaining to the membership and feeling confident, I signed up. She was friendly and helpful as she is every time I go in, I just love her and Doc is friggin amazing!  I'm from Texas we grow up going to chiropractors so I've been to plenty!  This is a great place to go for convenience, a welcoming friendly atmosphere and a thorough adjustment from a knowledgeable doctor!
5	Love this concept. Staff is friendly, office is clean! And most of all...my back is much happier. Great example of fantastic customer service.
1	Sites like these  exist so that consumers can be informed before utilizing a service. I would hate for someone else to unknowingly experience what I have gone through the last week. Ever since Dr Gardner left we have had new doctors to see, finally settling with Dr Gillespie at this location. I have seen him several times, and realized he has a much more aggressive approach. Many times I have left feeling a little "worked over" But due to their great payment structure, it is a good deal for me, so I have continued to go. Last Tuesday I went in for my usual adjustment, as he was doing the side adjustment, I felt something kind of twinge, but it was not unusual to be in a little pain after his adjustments , so  he finished and I left. AS I went to get in my car and moved my right arm to put my purse over in the passenger seat, I got a very sharp pain in my right side. I hoped it was just a fluke thing , so I drove home. It became apparent that something was really wrong. SO I called Jaina and told her I thought maybe my rib was popped out or something , that I was in a lot of pain . She was very helpful as usual and suggested I come back in so he could try and fix it. I did, and as he tried to "massage" the area, IT was incredibly painful to the point that I was in tears. HE said it seemed as if he "irritated the intercostal nerve" . HE suggested I put ice on it, and if it was not better to come back tomorrow. It was not better, but I certainly was not going to go back and go through that again. I contacted the area manager Mark and explained what had happened. I told him I was not comfortable going back to Dr Gillespie, so he set it up for me to go be evaluated by another Dr at another location. I did that as well. This Dr was polite and professional and did a basic examination and said that he believes it is a "level 2 sprain" That without me paying to get get something such as a CAT scan, that was his best determination. I do not have the money for expensive diagnostic testing, that is what led me to the Joint was a cheaper price, but I guess you get what you pay for. HE explained that this kind of thing happens sometimes when doing manual manipulation. and that is why I signed the "informed consent" I do not ever remember signing anything that said I could walk away from an adjustment being injured, and have asked for a copy of that, but as of yet not received it. I also have seen chiropractors for years, and never been hurt. The other Dr told me the good news was it would heal. Yes I suppose that is better than not healing, but that does not help that I am in pain  now . I have difficulty doing most everything, as most movements require your abdominal muscles. I have even tried driving with only my left hand, but certain movements with my left arm even trigger that.    I need help getting dressed and undressed.I have to modify how I brush my teeth as I cannot lean over the sink to rinse. Driving is a chore, I cannot vacuum or do my household chores. Almost everything  I need to do is impacted due to the carelessness of this DR. And to top it all off Sleep is difficult  making life pretty miserable. I am a mom of 6 kids, and now cannot really do much to take care of them, they are having to help take care of me.All they can say is " here are a few free adjustments, and hope you get better ."I don't think he intended to hurt me, but he did none the less, and I feel there should be a little more culpability when you hurt someone and screw up their life. I am having to go to my primary doctor so I can get something for the pain, and if any other treatments are needed I am stuck with that as well.Don't get sucked in by the cheap pay structure. If the adjustments don't feel right to you. Don't do it, or you may end up like me with your holidays ruined because of being hurt.
5	I woke up yesterday with extreme neck pain. My usual chiropractor does not work on Saturdays. What a dilemma. After trying Ben-Gay and a hot shower, I remember walking by the Joint when I was shopping at Smith's. About 3pm, I decided to give the Joint a chance. I am glad I did. You hear horror stories about places like gyms that have "introductory" prices and then what you get is a hard sell. My experience at the Joint with Dr. Gillespie was very positive. You start by filling out a bit of paperwork and then wait to see the Doctor. Dr. Gillespie has good technical skills and is also very personable. He fixed my neck issues and I immediately felt better. My whole visit took about 20 minutes and the best thing was there was no hard sell. I paid my $19 introductory fee and was on my way. Now the quandary that I have is to stay with my usual chiropractor or go back to see Dr. Gillespie. Oh the choices in life!
5	I just recently started coming here. I love it, and leave feeling great and refreshed. The location is perfect too.I love that the doctor and front desk staff aren't pushy and not trying to sell you on vitamins, minerals, or a years worth of adjustments, I have been to doctors in the past who have done just that and it becomes overwhelming. great place, I will definitely be back.
5	My husband and I are approaching 30 and feel like we have a few more aches and pains than we used to. Attempting to avoid the wait for primary care doctors, referrals, and the usual runaround we both decided to come here, although for very different reasons. Dr. Gillespie is thorough and very knowledgable, even in areas beyond the back/neck. I highly recommend this chiropractor and the $19 first visit is definitely no scam. There is no pressure to sign up for anything but we both bought packages based on how much we improved after 1 visit. Try it!
5	I've been going to see Dr. Gillespie on a weekly basis for the past 6 months. I'm currently training for a marathon and I generally just go for wellness maintenance. Dr. Gillespie is very knowledgeable and just seems to be more thorough than other "Joint" chiropractors. The other day I woke up after a tough workout feeling a pain in my hip that was affecting the way I walked. It bothered me all day at work and I also developed a pinching feeling in my low back. After work I went to see Dr. Gillespie who located the problem, did some manipulations that improved the problem. The next morning, I felt fine and was able to knock out my planned 18 mile run no problem! Thanks Dr. Gillespie!!I live a mile and a half away from the Boca Park location but I drive over 7 miles to the Montecito Marketplace to see Dr. Gillespie. Also, I started out on the monthly wellness plan but later switched over to a package. There was no problem at all. I just told the receptionist before my last month and she had me sign a form and my card was never charged again. She also informed me that they offer free visits with various packages so the pricing works out almost the same as with the wellness package and they don't expire. Money well spent!
