1	The food probably is the same processed crap as other IHOP's.  I can't verify this because no one came to our table 15 minutes after getting our drinks, so we walked out.
1	For such a busy location on a Saturday morning, it was surprisingly how incredibly SLOOWWWWW the service was. 25 minutes for pancakes and eggs? Seriously?It's open 24 hours and after dark, they usually have armed security or a local cop on duty in the lobby.
3	After a night partying in uptown Charlotte some sustenance was certainly required. This iHop was not only clean but our server was friendly and hooked me up by charging me for a senior meal, which thankfully I am ages away from! The food was fresh but my bacon was certainly not as crispy as I asked for it to be. Overall the food was good and the friendly service for sure made it better. If I stayed over on that side of town again I would certainly return to this location.
1	This place is a joke. We went there on Saturday morning and had a decent experience. Because our hotel was around the corner we went there late at night after attending a concert. You couldn't get much worse service than this. They brought out 3 app samplers when we ordered 4. No sauce with them at all. Another person in our party had a dirty plate, and worse part was our waitress never came back (even after she was not the person to bring out our food) do yourself a favor....go to Waffle House
1	Overall pretty bad experience. Menu was so sticky I could barely touch it, food took 20 minutes at dinner time even though only two other patrons in store, homeless man was begging for money outside the front door.
1	Sloooooow!!!!!! My goodness?!? How do they stay in business?! Here's the scenario: My coworkers and I walked in group a group lunch around noon. We found parking right away and there was no one waiting in the lobby. This should be a quick lunch....right?! Wrong. We tell the host and he says "can you wait 10 minutes for a clean table?"I'm sorry was there some wrong with the twenty CLEAN tables we can clearly see available?! To make matters worse three severs came and asked us if we wanted to be seated....hmmmm....so if the servers are ready to seat us.....why are we waiting again?! That's strike 1! We finally get to our table and our waitress takes our drink orders and disappears....when she finally reappears she has our drinks and asks if we're ready to order....hmmmm....it's been 20 minutes so I'd go with YES. I ordered the Spinach and Mushroom omelette with fruit as my side. And then the waiting game begins again.....cue the jeopardy music! We waited....and waited....and you guessed it! We waited....and finally our food arrived. And after all that time it was barely warm! But I was starving and we had to get back to work so sending it back to the kitchen wasn't an option. Ugh. At least the fruit was decent. But still that's strike 2! When everyone's done we get the check and go up front to pay and here's where the fun begins! We have to wait for the manager to count (out loud) the cashier's drawer, answer the phone and chit chat with the staff! Couldn't this wait?! To make matters worse he wasn't very happy about separating the checks. Yes! We still need separate checks! No! Asking us again and again won't change that! Do you want to get paid or not?! Strike 3!!!Folks, that's three strikes and your OUT! I'm happy to take my business somewhere else. But seriously.....Get it together IHOP!!!
