3	I had to renew my health card.  I had my paper work ready when I got there. As usual, they didn't have all their windows open to accomodate people faster (just like the dmv). When I got there my # was 20#'s from being called and it took approx 50 min. Once my # was called I was only at the window for a moment to show my paperwork, I didn't have to get a Hep A test since I've had one before from the last time I got my health card.  What I was surprised about was that they send you to another window to then pay for your card. They should be able to handle the paperwork AND the payment at the same time just like the DMV to speed things up a little.  When I went to the other window to pay, there were 4 people in front of me and I waited almost 15 min (it was a very slow line).  There was no reason that it should've taken that long since at that point paperwork is in hand and you're either paying cash or card.  So after I paid I went to another window to get my card which at that point only took a minute or two.  All in all I was there about 1 hr 15 min which I GUESS isn't too bad especially since you don't have to stay and watch the old boring 2 hr video anymore. I definitely like that it can be done online and the video/exercises are very current.  I definitely have to mention that when I moved here in 1993, the price of a health card was $10.  Today's price is $50 which is totally ridiculous, especially since it's only good for 3 yrs.
1	Set a 1:30 pm appointment @ this location, came in early to submit paperwork, called to the back just to be told that the nurse practitioner decided to take her hour lunch break @ 1:20 pm... Sooo what happened she decided to just bail on my appt and sent someone else to tell me as she was leaving?? What exactly is the point of setting an appointment when the nurse practitioner just goes to lunch and doesn't care whether or not there is an appointment set in less than 10 mins [which would probably take less than 10 mins to complete!] Real professional && courteous [[insert sarcasm here]]
