4	I had a storage unit here for about a year.I really liked it here.  The prices were fair, and the unit was the perfect size.They had a half price for the first three months deal that I signed up for, which helped a lot, financially.They also have a truck that you can use free of charge for move in.  (Not move out though.)If I need a storage unit again, I hope I'm on this side of town to use their services again.
1	Think twice before storing an RV here.  Ours was broken into and vandalized along with several other trailers.  The storage unit was made aware of the incident by some tenants, yet did not notify others that they knew may have been impacted.  When we discovered the vandalism, not one of the three office staff offered an apology.  Instead they just said they were aware of the situation, several units had been hit and that we should have been notified two weeks ago about the incident, which we were not.  They told us to file a police report.  We were informed when we moved into the property that they have 24-hour on-site security (which ironically, we saw that he lived in his RV directly across from our unit) yet when I mentioned that upon the vandalism discovery I was told that they only have cameras.  They may have good prices, but their security is non-existent and they have management staff that does not professionally handle these situations.
4	I've been a customer of Malibu storage for the last two years or so.  This company was recently bought out and it's now called Smartstop Storage.  Everything is blue and white and it's a whole new staff.  Over the last few years I've been to several different storage facilities.  This one was one of the better ones.  I just hate having to pay the monthly fee lol.  One thing that surprised me about Malibu is that I had to pay the insurance as to in the past the storage facility paid the insurance.  Just the feeling of paying insurance of junk that I'm unwilling to get rid of.  As for the storage facility....it's gated like the majority of them are and you have to key in your secret code to gain entrance.  One thing that is consistent with this storage facility is that dust get in just like it gets in everywhere else.
