5	I haven't rented here but the guys that run the place are top notch. I came in looking for a part to fix one of my carbs. Rodger led me out to the "Treasure Chest." After digging around for a few minutes we found what I needed and guess what, NO CHARGE!! Thanks so much Skiwi! These guys also put in quite a few hours at the lake and are pretty knowledgeable.
5	This past Saturday I rented a boat form Todd & Craig at Skiwi Rentals. I rented a 9 passenger and had a 24 year, 19 year old, 2 16 year old's, a 15 year old and my girlfriend along for the ride. We showed up at 745am and Todd, as promised, got us all ready to go and we were off by about 845am. The boat was everything we needed, was in great shape and riding the waves with the AUX Ipod booming away we had an awesome day going! Until around 2pm!! Yes I did the unthinkable, I went over the ski rope and it jammed one of the motors. After following directions and trying to cut the rope away it was just not meant to be so I started up the second motor and we started our long slow ride back to the Marina. We didn't dock until after 6pm and that's when SKIWI closes so I was destined to have to keep the boat for the night, with nowhere to park it, talk about a nightmare in the making!!!!! I decided a long time ago that honesty is always the best policy so picked up the phone around 615pm and called Skiwi...they answered and I told them everything that had happened...to my amazement Todd said "don't worry mate we'll wait until you get here"! We loaded up, stopped by the gas station to fill the boat and got to SKIWI close to 730pm.  Tools and razor in hand, Craig got to work fixing everything as they had it booked for a Sunday morning rental. In the half hour it took them to fix everything we got to know 2 hard working guys who plain and simple just do the right thing and make sure the customer always comes first. They didn't even dip into the $1000 deposit and my only promise to them was to drip off some cold beers this week. Their reaction, "don't bother dropping off the cold beer unless your gonna stay and drink a few with us". Folks if you need to rent a boat or Jetski, I implore you to go no further...These guys from New Zealand are tops and they give us all a little more faith in mankind!!!! Thanks Skiwi, you can use me as a reference ANYTIME and I'll see you later this week for a cold one!!! Cheers...
5	Skiwi Jet Ski Rentals is AWESOME.  The guys at the shop are super cool and knowledgeable....if it wasn't for them offering advice on where to go in Lake Meade I would not have had HALF the good time that I did.  Their prices are great and my jet ski was cherry.  I will be back the next time I go to Vegas for Sure!  Thanks Skiwi you guys are fantastico!  :)))))
5	Good seadoo rentals! The rental was in excellent condition and ran great! Excellent customer service! These are honest guys with great personalities, who are always more than willing to help you out!  In a nutshell, I ended up leaving my seadoos  in Vegas with them for repairs instead of taking them back home to my regular shop in CA! Thanks Todd, Craig, and James! Skip all the other places in town for rentals and repairs, these guys know what they're doing and run an honest business!
5	I rented a jet skis  last week from Craig and instead of charging me a rate of $250.00 ea for the day he rented it to me for the internet rate of $195.00 ea without me even asking.That's not even the best part.After I got back we both noticed a couple of scratches and a deep gouge that was made by me.He could have really socked it to me but he only charged me $100.00 for repairs.He was really cool about everything and my guess is he even lost money on my rental.Craig and James were very helpful and friendly and i would highly recommend them to anybody who wants to rent a jet ski or boat to cruise on Lake Mead.They are totally legit and they go above and beyond personal service.Thanks Craig,I'll be coming back next year and every year after that.You rock mate!!!
5	I must give credit where credit is do... And credit is do to Skiwi!!!  We rented 2 Sea Doo's from Skiwi for a week the last week of July.  Upon arrival we were greeted promptly and with great courtesy and comfort.  After having us watch a safety video they took us out to the ski's where they were waiting in front ready to be hooked up.  They walked around the ski's video taping all minor scratches and imperfections giving me a sense of security.  Once we were done there we got our life jackets and off we went.Fast forward to the return.  When we arrived back they greeted us like long time friends.  They did the walk through and noticed that the hull had been cracked (after speaking with my son, he admitted that he had run over a rock).  They brought this issue to my attention, but also let me know that I had bought the additional insurance and that it would cover the cost of repair (thank goodness).We then drove away with 5 smiles in the truck and a life long memory of a great family vacation!!!
5	This is hands down the best place to rent watercrafts! I've rented from them a few times and these guys have the best customer service, best machines and best prices. They are conveniently located on Boulder highway, so it's on the way to the lake. Skiwi always has some special going on, especially if you're friends with them on Facebook. You can tell that they take extremely good care of their Waverunners and it shows every time you hit the throttle.
5	Rented two jet skis from the guys at Skiwi a couple of weeks ago. Customer service was great, prices were great, and the entire experience went smoothly. Personally, I wouldn't bother going anywhere else from now on. Highly recommended.
5	Quick and easy! Rented 2 wave runners- good prices- very nice guts- watched a 5 min safety video- even tho we have owned waverunners before- it was a good review for us- i wouldn't use anyone else to rent waverunners! May rent a boat next time- they look nice!
5	Great product and service from a pair of super friendly guys. We rented a 21ft boat with no issues. Much better prices than anywhere on the water.
5	Look these guys are just the best! We arrived they had our jet skis and truck ready, jet skis were in good condition and ran perfect. Awesome family fun, worth every penny for a day out on the lake. We had a bit of a snag (our fault) the guys at skiwi were really great and understanding. Very personable guys . I will absolutely rent again from them.
5	Cheapest place to get a sea doo. The owners were awesome and more than helpful!!!! Best rentals in henderson!!!
5	What an awesome experience!!! We rented pair of wave runners and the owner was so friendly and helped us to get on the road in no time. Very friendly people who's got lots of patience to teach us step-by-step to get on the road. If you're staying in Vegas and want to spend a day at the Lake Mead, this is the place to stop by. It's on the way to the lake and all day rental is definitely worth it. Thanks Skiwi...
5	I rented a 10 person boat earlier this week for a family reunion and had a great time using Skiwi. The boat was great and the walk through was very nice. They did not make you feel like you were asking any dumb questions. I appreciated the life vests that were provided with the rental. I kept the boat past their closing time and when I called to report this I was told to call when we got out of the water as someone would most likely be there. I did and we were able to unload the boat that night - yes, they did charge for the extra time. I almost gave a four star review because we arrived before opening an employee was outside and made no effort to be friendly or even a wave hello. This employee, not one of two from New Zealand, seemed to love his cigarettes more than his job and customers. Good thing the selling and face-to-face are with the others. I left there telling my son that that was an example of what not to do when you work in customer service.I will use Skiwi again and not hesitate to recommend.
1	This place sucks and they lie.My nephew and his bride were here from England and my wedding gift for them was a day out on the like with jet skis.I called on Saturday sept 8th and got some Aussie guy on the phone who took my reservation for 2 jet skis the following morning at 8am, and also took my credit card info.When we arrived at 8 am the guy in the shop had no idea about our reservation. He had to call the Aussie guy, who then must have remembered me from the night before. Well it was raining on that morning and boulder highway had a section closed due to a marathon race. So the guy in the shop told me that they were not renting that day due to the fact that lake mead was closed.I'd never heard of this before, but I was disappointed and left. My nephew and his bride were upset, but we moved on. I then saw a cop, by the closed section of the highway and asked him if lake mead was in fact closed. He said no and there were two other alternate routes to get there.So this skiwi rental place flat out lied to us. I ended up renting a couple of high powered skis from their competition who couldn't believe they did that to us, and he gave us a discount. Go with vegas jet ski rental. Much more professional and don't lie to their customers and tell them the lake is closed.Btw, the weather got beautiful later that day and we all had the best day.
3	Rented two jet-skies last week for $250 all day great experience! Good costumer service.
5	I was very happy with the service of this company. The Jet ski rental was great and performed to its full potential.  Very happy and will rent from them again.
5	Fantastic service with ease of renting!The gentlemen here made our jet ski rental a breeze! We reserved our rental online which gave us a discount.  I always love getting a discount.  We arrived a little bit after they opened to get our fun day started.  Of course there is a short form to fill out and short video to watch on safety and such.  It's no big deal and completely understandable for rentals.  Once all of that is finished, they walk you to the rental and look for any damage already on the rental (like a car rental) and mark it on the form.  They do a great job explaining the ins and outs of the jet ski and answer any questions you may have.  Before we knew it, we were at Lake Mead.  Skiwi facility is only 20 minutes from Boulder Harbor Boat Launch inside of the Lake Mead National Park.  The jet ski ran like a champ and enjoyed a fabulous day on the lake.  I would highly recommend using them for rentals.  They also offer boats to rent for the day.  I just might try that next time!  Thanks Skiwi!
