4	Stopped by for a Mango-A-Go-Go. It was damn good as usual. It hit the spot in this damn heat!!
4	I like Jamba juice whenever I can get Jamba juice. But, never got a chance to review them till now. Planning to go Jamba juice, cause the wife was sick and wanted me to buy her "The Coldbuster". Of course I usually go for the energizer drinks. I had to chuckle with what my wife wanted, cause it wasn't a usual drink, made by Jamba juice. Located on Craig and before Clayton, its a small place that's in between Coldstone and Jack in the Box. Even though it is small, it seems well laid out. Enough room to move, places to sit, even have some table and seats outside. Its very clean, and the color scheme seems warming. It was early morning, when I went, so it wasn't busy. There was probably one other person in the place, just waiting for his order. The person behind the counter, seems like, she's the only one working. But she was really nice and was really cheerful employee. I like it when people, take the time to do small talk, it shows that they enjoy working at their job and not there just to get a paycheck. I ordered The Coldbuster, and the Strawberry Energizer. Of course, it was delicious as usual. My wife really enjoyed her Coldbuster, cause it does help soothe her throat. Now, I realize that this isn't just a place to be at for the summer, just to cool down, but also a good place to go to when you have a sore throat or just need an energy boost. If your looking for a place to find a healthy drink and a smoothy, all in one. I highly recommend Jamba Juice on Craig.
5	I love you Jamba Juice now will you please open one in Boca Park?
5	I LOVE THIS JAMBA!I have been here many times as it is very close to my boyfriend's apartment. Jamba Juice is yummy and healthy and it makes your feel full without that yucky feeling you get from eating sometimes. Usually I find myself literally craving a Jamba Juice smoothie and there is just no other option.Jamba's are typically clean, have a wonderful smell, and the employees are chipper. This joint is no different. I have had many different smoothies here. Recently I had the orange based one (I forget the name), but it was good. Maybe a little too orangey for me. Doubt I'll get that one again. BUT the pomegranate one is aaaawesome!I also love their steel-cut oatmeal. You think you don't like oatmeal? Then go eat Jamba's oatmeal. You will think differently. You can get it topped with a few different options. Jamba is perfect for a morning kick-start: smoothie, wheat-grass shot, AND oatmeal. Can't beat that.
4	Love this place,every time I come to this location it's empty! The employees are great, love grabbing a quick breakfast or lunch on the go!
1	This is the worst Jamba Juice I've ever been to... Totally ruined my day. Whoever the owner is they might want to consider training their employees. My smoothie was completely liquid. Apparently they ran out of the proper ingredients and neglected to mention it. I'm never coming back here again.
5	I prefer Jamba Juice to any other smoothie places I've been to, and I love the people at this location! I used to go here literally 4-5 times every week for lunch when I worked on that side of town. The employees were always super friendly. As for the smoothies, they're delicious; I've ordered every single one on the menu, and while I have my favorites, there weren't any that were "bad." I loved how smooth they were, and they tasted wholesome and not overly sweet. I miss going here but would highly recommend it to others. There's also a military discount which is a nice perk. :)
5	Love the employees at this location. They r all very nice and always have a smile on there face!!
2	I've had a few bad experiences at this Jamba location. I went today at 6:55am and walked right in when the employee rudely told me to wait outside because they're not even open yet. Why are the tables outside and doors unlocked then? Whatever. So I waited 5 minutes outside in August, luckily it was early in the morning and not too hot yet. When they allowed me to enter after 7am, I tried to order the oatmeal but was told they haven't made it yet because they just opened. Okay? So I guess they don't come in before opening time to prepare anything like normal businesses do. Not even an apology either. I came by a few weeks ago at 9:15am and was told they were out of oatmeal and weren't going to make any more that day. Overall this location's service is not impressive but I'm giving 2 stars because the smoothies always taste consistently good and the same as other Jamba locations
4	Ordered a fruit and vegetables smoothie featuring kale as the vegetable.  I was really expecting more than just kale,  like spinach,  spirulina, or even arugala! The texture was perfect as far as not being too runny or too thick. The service was fast, one gentleman said hello but not so much for the other guy.$6 for non organic fruit and vegetables?  Though it was large and refreshing.  They should come out with an organic menu with these prices! 8
