2	Typical takeout Chinese, American style. Nice and clean inside. Husband tried the sesame chicken and said it was better than many he had tried. Wonton soup was ok, nothing special. I'll be  back to try other things but I think two stars is sufficient. Most people would probably say it's fine.
4	This is some of the beast Chinese food in the area. I've tried a lot of different place, this one has the most flavor in their food than any in Madison.
4	Best affordable chinese restaurant in Madison area by far! For added convenience there food can be ordered online for delivery via eatstreet.com
1	Another in a seemingly endless series of completely shitty, cookie-cuter Chinese restaurants.  The food at this place makes Panda Garden look like a *REAL* Chinese restaurant.  The "potstickers" are really "deep fryer" stickers and are so glutenous you could use them to plug holes in your boat.  There is nothing even remotely authentic or even edible in this armpit.Avoid Asian House like the plague. Thoroughly vile.  If you would like a REAL, AUTHENTIC Chinese meal, head over to Ichiban on Park Street.  That place will knock your socks off.If you ever find yourself thinking about eating here, head up the street to McDonalds where the food is both more nutritious and has more flavor.
3	Better than average. Your average Chinese takeout place but I've noticed their quality to be better than most places. Their General Tso's chicken is hot and crispy and boneless ribs are the most tender out of all takeout places I've been to. Service has always been really friendly and they don't skimp out when you ask them for your meal to be extra spicy. I'll always order here when I'm in the mood for cheap Chinese takeout.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with Asian House. One meal is great and the next is "meh". It really does disappoint me that I cannot give this a solid 4-star review, because on it's best days I feel like it really deserves it. For example:The steamed dumplings are fantastic. Except when they overcook them and they are falling apart and the sauce is not put in the bag. The crab rangoons are great! Except when they forget to send them with.The sesame chicken is the best I have had in the area. Except when it is cooked poorly and has a really funny aftertaste. Same with the General's chicken.See what I mean? Just very inconsistent.I still order from them on a regular basis. They are very friendly, the service is good in the store, and delivery is prompt. I just wish the quality control were up to par.
3	Ordered for take-out. They answered the phones promptly, were very polite and quick. Only 10 minutes until my food would be ready!Perhaps it's just me not being familiar with the area, but their location was a bit hard to find. The physical building itself is tucked back without all that noticeable of a sign-I went right by it the first time. Upon entering I was greeted by two workers-they were so polite! Big smiles on their faces and greeted me very kindly. Prices here are fantastic-especially for the amount of food you receive! I ordered a large chicken fried rice and the sesame chicken combo. I truly wasn't impressed with either. Not that they're awful-just lacking in flavor. The chicken fried rice has little bits of onion and chives mixed in with it which was fantastic. I was quite disappointed in the sesame chicken. There's really no flavor to it. Not crisp. It's truly nothing special and I wouldn't order it again. Reading other reviews, maybe I just caught them on an off night?!Overall, the customer service outshines the food itself.
1	This place is fucking terrible I suggest not getting delivery cause the fucking delivery  driver harasses you for tip I almost had to call the cops fucking g get your shit together
1	I ordered delivery from them last night, I ordered the sweet & sour chicken and my girlfriend ordered  general tso's . The chicken in my dish was over cooked and dry it also tasted like it had been sitting out for a while... I wake up this morning to find that my girlfriend got food poisoning from the general tso's she ordered.
5	Our favorite place for Chinese delivery.  Very quick and polite service.  And the food is really good!  My husband loves the moo-shu pork and hunan chicken.  I love the Singapore mei-fein, seafood delight, or the dragon & phoenix.  Egg rolls and dumplings are good, crab rangoons are just OK. The wonton soup is another favorite, it's super cheap and delish!  We've ordered here several times and have never had a bad experience.
1	I ordered delivery from them last night, I ordered the sweet & sour chicken and my girlfriend ordered  general tso's . The chicken in my dish was over cooked and dry.. I woke up this morning to find that my girlfriend got food poisoning from the general tso's she ordered.
2	Not good food. General Tsos chicken and sesame chicken were indistinguishable. Steamed dumplings are actually gross. Fried rice seems to be purchased as is and then steamed.
