3	This is a brand new location, so they're still ironing out the kinks... learning the computer system and whatnot. They were having the DirectTV set up when I was there. Since it was new, there was no waiting. Everyone was also super friendly to me... happy to see me. It was odd, but nice I guess. The nurse/technician that took my vitals and whatnot did a good job... it was quick and painless. He simply asked me for my height and weight instead of making me hop on a scale and such. The doctor seemed to know his shit. He was very ear-nose-throat family doc-esque, but I was surprised when he spent a good 30 minutes chatting with me about different medical questions. Normally, you visit a doctor and they spend 5 seconds with you and ditch you. I suspect if they were busy, this would've been the case. I had to wait for quite a bit afterwards to get my prescription filled on site - and it came in a pre-filled sealed container, so I don't know what the hold-up was. Plus, they took forever trying to figure out my paperwork and setting me up as a patient. Perhaps they could've been doing that while I was being seen. Isn't that why I filled out the chart? It's not like they had anything else to do.Overall, I was very pleased with my visit at Nextcare - I reserve a 4 star rating for perfection... there's no such thing as a 5 star medical visit as far as I'm aware... I mean, if I went in feeling like ass and came out feeling like a million bucks 5 minutes later, then they charge me nothing - that would be a 5 star visit.
3	About a week ago I had to come to this urgent care to get some last minute prescriptions...kudos on the new vicinity. It was very clean and the new technology was neat. The wait was nothing at all and yes, the staff was extremely friendly. I would give it five stars but I went in complaining about chest pains to the nurse and the doctor came in asking about my throat..hmmmmmm
3	As with all urgent care centers, waiting time sucks (was about 1-2 hours both times I went)The stench of urine and vomit prevails and you'll contemplate standing, rather than sitting on the questionably germy chairs...but you'll give in, since obviously you  are in pain or are having some sort of medical issues.That aside, the care seemed semi-decent, considering the low cost, and the doctors there readily prescribe Vicodin, Percocet, etc.  Me likey.
4	Imagine this: You are sitting at your desk at work and have just finished editing a document, so you hit "Print". You get up from behind your desk, realize your foot has fallen asleep and before you realize it, you are falling to the ground because you decided to wear cute heels that day. Thankfully no one was in the hallway so you are able to quickly crawl behind your desk and writh in pain.Yes, that scenerio actually happened to me yesterday afternoon at work...who knew working in state government was so hazardous to your  health? After a night of elevating my ankle and icing it, the swelling still hadn't gone down and the pain had increased, so I decided to visit the NextCare just to make sure it wasn't broken. I filled out the check-in form online which was super convenient...I highly recommend doing this as it will save a lot of time. Within five minutes of submitting it, I received a phone call from a customer service rep asking which location I would be visiting and she also told me what documentation I needed (insurance card and photo ID). I got there tonight and there was only one other person there. I got called back a few minutes after arriving and had my vitals taken by a very pleasant girl named Casey. The doctor who saw me (I didn't catch his name) was very nice as well and he checked my obviously swollen ankle and foot before ordering some X-rays. The tech who took my X-rays, Mark, was a very nice guy who was quick, efficient, and he apologized when he made me turn my ankle in a painful way. After the doctor confirmed my ankle wasn't broken, he gave me some instructions and sent me on my merry way.So a $20 co-pay, 40 minutes, and a few X-rays later, I am happy to report my ankle is wrapped with hope the swelling will go down in a few days. I have to take 1 star off because there was no good people watching!!! I mean, part of the reason you go to places like NextCare is because typically you know you will see some "interesting" people. Darn you NextCare in Tempe for having a slow night with only normal people in there!!  Hopefully I will have no more walking incidents, but if I were in need again, I would return to NextCare in Tempe.
1	Not a fan. I scraped a cornea and came in with a towel over my eyes to block the light. The receptionist made not one, not two, but THREE inappropriate jokes to my fiancee about beating me up. Then my prescriptions were wrong - one for hydrocodone, which I specifically asked them NOT to give me because it makes me nauseaous, and one for some kind of antibiotic that my regular doctor disposed of immediately and re-prescribed me something that might actually work.
4	I had a minor injury that I needed to be seen for.  I had heard of the WAHOO service that they provide so I went online, submitted a short questionnaire and within minutes their 800 # had called me back to set up a time to come in.  They had a room ready for me when I got there and once I went through triage the doctor was in to see me within minutes. They administered a tetanus shot for no additional cost, cleaned up my wound, and taught me how to take care of it on my own.I was there less than an hour and received superior treatment.
2	The nextcare check-in process was great and the staff members were very, very friendly. I like their simple process. Unfortunately even with an appointment I was seen 20-30 minutes late and then sat in the exam room for over an hour waiting for the doctor. 2 hours for a strep test is too long especially when there were not even others in the waiting room. I wouldn't want to be here when it is busy. Healthcare providers need to change the way they schedule. If patients need to be on time, doctors need to be on time. This experience left me feeling really frustrated on top of my sore throat. Only positive is that I don't have strep :)
4	Now... normally, I wouldn't review an urgent care or something... but my experience here was pretty good, so I figured I'd take a moment to give a shoutout to my neighborhood urgent care.Minor medical problem... not something I'd see my gp for, but something I needed a quick look at. Set up an appointment online... super convenient. I had kind of a (minor) weird insurance situation and the staff was super helpful. I wasn't kept waiting long and the doc seemed totally competent. Hopefully, I won't have to go there again -- I've got a good doctor and whatnot -- but it totally exceeded expectation.Then I got a hotdog next door.
5	i was seen at this location 4 days ago after a long weekend of severe coughing, sore throat and generally yucky feeling.  I live in NY and was vacationing in AZ.  The service was great.  Registration process smooth.  Wait time reasonable.  Staff polite and helpful.  I was diagnosed with bronchitis and left with a couple prescriptions.  After one day of meds, I was feeling much better.  The doctor who treated me called 2 days later to check on me!This was my first urgent care experience.  Kudos to NextCare!  Thanks Doc!
5	Love the ability to wait for a call at home instead of waiting room full of sick people! Good, efficient service. Will definitely use again!
5	I needed to go to urgent care for a bad sore throat and some back pain. I decided to go to this location due to previous reviews and Im very happy I did. I started out by checking in through Wahoo so i could wait at home and not there. I received an appointment time 5 min later of 3:15 which at the time was a half hour away...not bad for an urgent care. I walked in at 3:15 and was greeted by the receptionist which was really friendly.  I waited for 5 min while they updated my paperwork info. I was then taken back, the doctor listened to everything i had to say and then diagnosed. He gave me a few prescriptions including antibiotics for my throat and pain meds for my back pain. The doctor was very friendly and attentive. I walked out VERY happy. I was treated so well and probably if need would go back.  I thought that was the last time I would hear from them in awhile. After 2 days my doctor called to see how i was doing and i told him okay. The next morning i woke up with lets say a scorching sore throat that turned into strepp throat. Called urgent care and another provider talked to me over the phone and called in some last minute prescriptions because i couldn't swallow. I cant even begin to tell you how great this place is.  I had strepp throat and an infection and was so happy they could help. I wouldn't go anywhere else. I dont think my regular doctor has ever called me back after an appointment to check on me, let alone even have an available appointment. Thanks Nextcare Urgent Care, ill be coming back!
4	Needed to seek urgent care to take a look at a bad sore throat and chest congestion I had developed.  Found this place on Yelp and liked the reviews.  The office was very clean and the receptionist was polite and informative.  A lot less paperwork than the emergency room and my wait time was literally under 10 minutes.  The young nurse who took my vitals was professional and even threw in a joke or two.  The doctor who I saw (sorry, terrible with names) was professional and caring.  Had an x-rays taken, a strep test, and was out with prescriptions in under 30 minutes.  I would definitely come back to this location again.  Only thing more they could have done was magically cure my cold right then and there.
4	I have been here a few times.  Takes major insurance so I pay 10 bucks! Yup it rocks. I love the wahoo feature where you can wait at home and not deal with screaming kids in a waiting room.  If you have a cold or minor problem next care is your spot! Clean rooms and doctors are great people who actually care.
5	This location by far is one of my favorites. I typically do Wahoo (the handy dandy online check in system) so that I can make an appointment and don't have to wait. Here is a secret guys and gals... This place is pretty empty when school isn't in session, due to its close proximity to ASU. That's right. if you get sick during the summer... this is your place to go! They have a full service lab and x-ray machine, so providing your insurance covers it, they can take your lab work on the spot.
1	I went in with a laundry list of issues to have looked at.  I paid double to go here rather than to my primary dr. because primary would only address 1 or 2 issues at a time.  Seriously?  Anyway I called around and Nextcare said we will take care of all of it.  For instance sore elbow, need a prescription filled, feeling sick, rash.  Dr. ignored all issues except the one that bothered me the most which was exactly what primary had wanted to do.  Nextcare dr. told me I had an incurable disease that I would have for the rest of my life without even looking at it.  He assured me that I had it though in a very condescending manner.  I was so upset that I called their head office and made a formal complaint and asked for my money back so I could visit another dr.  They completely understood gave me money back and offered to have me visit same clinic next day to visit another dr.  I did that.  The new dr. said I did not have this insane incurable disease that the idiot told me I had the day before.  She was better because she at least looked before telling me something stupid and then she abruptly ushered me into the hallway like we were done heres a prescription see ya.  I hadnt addressed some of the things I came in for so I am trying to ask her in the hallway right in front of 3 employees that just stood there listening to our conversation.  It was beyond embarrassing.  I tried to move around the corner so the punks milling about couldnt hear my private conversation with the dr. but she was done and had tuned out the minute she figured out the other dr. was a moron so she never addressed all the issues I came in for either.  This was one huge debacle.  I would never purposely go back to these idiots.  I had to make a 3rd visit to my primary dr. same week due to their complete incompetence.  I told the patient liaison at the corp office that I was completely pissed how can this a hole go around handing out these types of diagnoses without even looking??  She doesnt know.
3	Coming back from Las Vegas sure did me in. I was coughing, sneezing, had a sore throat, and basically just wanted to get a immune system transplant (if that were even possible). So, I decided to go to NextCare Urgent Care. I checked- in on online using their WAHOO (wait at home or office) and got an appointment set up for 2pm. I went in at 2 and only had to wait for 2 mins before being called back. The doctor saw me right away as well. He said that I had a virus and there wasn't much else I could do other than taking mucinex d.  My nose drained the rest of the day (sorry if that was an overshare) and I was misreable. I called the walgreen's 24/7 pharmacist and they said I would need an antihistimine  . I went the next morning and got allegra-d and IT DID WONDERS! I felt so much better within 3-4 hours. I wish the doctor had told me that from the get-go but maybe he didn't realize how bad off my nose was. I will go back to NextCare since it was convienient however, I will ask about an antihistimine next time if applicable.
4	They were all super nice and was in and out within an hour. Only bad part was they don't take Kaiser and when you're from Southern Cal attending ASU, the presents a bit of a problem. Hoping Kaiser will reimburse once I send in the receipts!
4	I had a dumb ear issue that I couldn't stand to deal with over a holiday weekend, so I came in on a Saturday afternoon while I was out running errands, based on Yelp reviews and a friend's recommendation. Check in was simple and quick, and I probably waited about 15 minutes before being brought back. The PA and Doctor were very friendly and courteous and I was in an out in about 30 minutes total. I'd recommend this location for those looking for an Urgent Care
1	I set up an appointment on WAHOO because my finger nail Got torn back and pulled out, after waiting and arriving they refused service. He said " I  dont remove nails, go to the hospital." What's the point of an urgent care if they refuse Non emergency treatments. Since I had to choose a rating they get one star instead of 0
1	I gave this location one star because the office staff was kind and efficient. The NP was incompetent and rude. She clearly had not even read  the nurses notes. She was combative the minute she walked in. We waited 2 hours with an appointment. I will NEVER come back to this place again
5	I was turned away from Walgreens take care clinic after waiting over an hour to see seen for a small infected cat bite. (They dont treat animal bites, just insect bites. Good to know AFTER waiting..)I was in and out of nextcare within a half hour with an antibiotic prescription and no unneeded drama.
3	Aside from the preachy Nurse Practitioner (and not about my health, about how Doctor's deserved to get paid more than they do), and the bitchy response she gave me when I told her it was a sinus infection (I get at least 2 a year, I know the symptoms and I know there comes a point I need to seek medical assistance in kicking it in the bud), it was fine.  She told me no way was it an infection because it came on too quick.  Guess what? It was a sinus infection that needed antibiotics. She didn't even apologize for her attitude and rude behavior. Good thing is she probably won't be the one to see me the next time it happens on a Saturday. I've never seen the same person twice.
1	Be careful with this company , because they arent doing their work correctly. And they send you to colection although you pay upfront. This company does not know what they are doing.
