4	I hadn't walked into a Sears in years.  I'll be honest.  About 8 years ago I went in for some tools and left w/ tools and outdoor chairs.  Since then - if I needed tools I went to Home Depot or Ace or some place like that.  Now, I know they did that big advertising campaign about a new face of Sears or whatever - but I didn't think they were really telling the truth!Now of course, there are still lots of tools, but I didn't feel like it was nothing but Grandma clothes in the women's section.  There were actually cute clothes!  It's not like they stopped carrying stuff for the seniors, but the realized they needed to court a younger audience as well apparently.  SO much nicer.  Why was I going there?  Because my baby brother works there now.  So, if you're ever in the mood for a vacuum, mattress or sewing machine, ask for Eric.  (Sigh...my baby's all grown up... ) And if he, as a hip almost 19 year old can find cool things there, I'm sure you can too.
4	As far as appliances go, this Sears has more on the floor than just about any other Sears or other appliance store I've been to.  Their regular prices are fairly consistent with Best Buy or the home improvement stores.  However, Sears almost always has some kind of promotion to bring the price down.  Where they beat the competition hands down is delivery time.  We purchased a washer/dryer set and two other stores that carry it required 10 and 21 days to get it in.  While Sears' warehouse is in California, we were still able to arrange for delivery in two days, and that was with purchasing it at 9 pm.My only complaint is they charge for delivery unless there is a promotion, which there wasn't yesterday of course.  Most other places we visited had free delivery, via rebates, on major appliances.  Boo to Sears for getting that extra $65 on top of the $2300 we were already in for.
5	I sometimes come here for random household stuff.  The place is always absent of customers and has way to many sales associates roaming about with nothing to do.  I am honestly pretty shocked that this Sears still exists.  Anyway, on my last visit to peruse the grills, I had an awesome customer service experience.  I hardly ever write about this type of thing but in this case I feel I need to.My wife and I are new to gas grills so we had no idea where to start.  Along came Bryan Costello.  He was super friendly, personable, knowledgeable and just all around awesome.  He brought us up to speed on the ins and outs of gas grilling and all the grills that Sears has to offer.The crazy part was that Bryan suggested we come back the next day (when he wasn't even working) because some grills were probably going to be discounted further.  This was odd for somebody to say that is on commission but I value his honesty.  Long story short we purchased a grill from Bryan that day even though it may have been a few bucks cheaper the following day.I also have to point out their order pickup process.  You enter a room and scan your receipt at a kiosk.  Your name pops up on a screen that has the status and a the time you have been waiting.  On another wall it says that if you wait longer than 5 minutes you get a coupon for your next visit.  As the time counted I could hear the warehouse people in the background yelling to hurry up so they wouldn't miss the 5 minute goal.  They really do have their act together but it took like 7 minutes which is no big deal.  I hope nobody got in trouble.
1	With dramatic improvement, their customer service might reach a level of "Suck".No wonder the store is next to empty.  Burn me once shame on you....Burn me twice... well, you're not getting a second chance.
2	I came in the store because the large amount of clearance items in the front enticed me. However, once I got in......most of it was crap.However, I did manage to find a couple things. The reason for my poor review was the confusing customer service my family received. At first, I found a bracelet that I liked so I went to the register and paid for it. While at the register I noticed that they had coupons for $10 off $50 however I didn't expect to be buying enough stuff to qualify so I just paid for my bracelet and thought I was calling it a day.Then, I noticed my mother was purchasing a couple of items. I also found a sweatshirt on clearance that I really wanted. I realized that if we combined the items , we would be at a total of $48; which is just shy of the $50 required for the discount. So I nicely asked the cashier to return my bracelet so that I could re-buy it along with the other items together. I thought this was a simple request and as there was nobody waiting in line behind me, I figured I wasn't really holding up a line.The cashier offered my mother the opportunity to open up a Sears credit card in order to get an additional 15% off plus an additional $15 off her first bill. He also told us we could use the initial coupon I had spotted at the register for $10 off $50.Once he got the credit card all open and charged the items to our card, he then takes a closer look at the coupon and tells us it is not valid until next week. I thought that was pretty deceitful. It shouldn't be at your register if you can't use it this week. I don't plan to come back next week and didn't need to return the bracelet if we weren't going to get the additional $10 off. And then, when I looked closer at the receipts, I realized the cashier never credited the bracelet back to my credit card. Instead, he applied it as a credit towards the new purchases, which means it is still charged to my credit card and it never even would have gotten our total up to where it needed to be if the coupon had been valid. store gets 2 stars because I like the items we got but I didn't like the confusing processes at the register.
1	This is my first time (in years) buying anything at Sears. I needed a new vacuum cleaner and it was between Amazon and Sears.com with pickup. I finally bought from Sears.com, had to wait DAYS to even receive the "Your Product Is Ready" email, I tried to call them and tell them that I'd be out of town for a week. The call rang and rang, then disconnected me. Upon my return, I finally made it to the store. In a VERY small room, I logged in and waited. Very cranky people walked in and out, never offering me a "hello" or nod. Across the tiny room were numerous signs promising "5 Minute Delivery" or receive a $5 coupon. At the ten minute mark, I stopped someone coming out and told them to cancel my $212. And (get this), today I called their merchandise department to confirm the order was canceled and again, it rang and rang then hung up on me. Yikes! NEVER again Sears!
5	Thank you Sears!  I had bought an expensive tree at Paddock's Pool in Scottsdale. When we put it up, we found that it obviously been a return. It had no directions or packing materials. When we put up the tree, it was a mess! I won't go into more details, but Paddock's refused to refund my money or allow me to buy another tree and pay the difference. I was stuck with this stupid tree. I couldn't stand it, so I went tree shopping. I went to lots of stores and Sears had the best selection of beautiful trees and they were a great price! The service was good too. When we unpacked the tree we found directions, professional packing, and extra lights.  It's just gorgeous! I hardly ever go to Sears except for appliances and tools. I'm definitely going to check out Sears more often. Thanks Sears for adding to our Christmas this year.
3	Sears is a great place for appliances, tools, home stuff etc. I don't think they have the best options for clothes, shoes, you know, girl stuff!
1	Do not go to the Sears on E Thomas Rd.  They missed two delivery dates, gave horrible customer service and were very rude. I finally gave up and cancelled my purchase of a washer and dryer. I guess I will try Best Buy or Home Depot. At all costs, avoid this Sears and especially a manager the named Connie in Appliances who is either incompetent or enjoys driving customers away. Ii doubt I will ever shop at Sears again!
5	The two cashiers ,.. MICKAYLA AND KASSI were over the top fantastic !!! They sure went out of their way to help me. IPurchased a new car seat and stroller and I had  my crying infant with me.  They saw I was struggling holding my baby and they actually put the stroller and car seat together for me.  They were Just both super kind and welcoming and I enjoyed them and their help so much.  Without their help I probably would have been In tears.   They made me feel so much relief and many people could learn great customer service skills from these two women.   Thankyou Again to MICKAYLA and KASSI. I am More than thankful  to you both for helping in such a big way !!!!!!
3	This location is well-stocked, decently organized and easy to navigate through. However, on the flip-side, this location is a smaller one, so it doesn't have the variety of offerings that some of the other, larger locations for this chain have to offer in the area. We headed here cause the hubs wanted some Marvel t-shirts that were on sale and he had debated getting them from another location and passed them up.  Later that same weekend, he opted to go ahead and get them so we headed here, since it's closer to our home. Unfortunately, they didn't have anywhere near the selection to offer like the other location did, but he was able to find 2 shirts in his size that he ended up purchasing.There was an employee wondering around asking people to give their personal info out for a drawing they were doing, and when we declined it, she didn't seem too happy with it, but we know that the info gathering is really more for them to be able to contact you and market to you. The cashier on the other hand, was extremely friendly and personable throughout the check out process.Overall: B-Well-stocked for the variety they can offer in a smaller location. Be ready to be asked for survey info, an employee rewards card, to open a credit card, and then for your email to send you an e-receipt. Decent stop-off if you are in the mall anyways.
5	Went in to get my water heater replaced. Doug Cooper in large appliances helped me out. Found an 80 gallon upgrade on sale for me and arranged a quick installation. Very pleasant man. He's actually helped me a few times with my appliances over the years and has always been a pleasure to deal with. If your in the market I would recommend him for anything from washer and dryers to water heaters and fridges. Good man.
2	We had poor customer service with a phone rep. We bought a refrigerator, it came a week later. The delivery man was honest and said he noticed the door wouldn't latch. He called and the woman wanted to send a service tech to fix a brand new item. We said no return it and give us a replacement. She was rude, and seemed put off we could not understand her accent. She tells us it would be another week to get the new one to us.  We said forget it. Asked for a refund which will take 2 weeks. If she had been apologetic or tried to fix Sears problem, we would have been fine. She hopefully was a poor representation for the company, but we will mot be returning to Sears any time soon.
3	Unfortunately I had issues that required a return and refund. I ha to get Amex involved bcs of the many issues related to getting a credit. The salesman was great though.
3	This Target offers a larger variety of the items in comparison to other Targets in the area. They have a constant rotating items of pet toys including holiday themed toys like pumpkin cat nip! I also like the variety of juices they offer in the grocery aisle. They offer Target pressed. Juice, Synergy, Naked Juice, Tropicana and more.
