5	Tommy Bahama clothes make you feel like you're on vacation all year round.  Located in the super cute Town Square, we were able to drive right through the shopping center and park close at a metered spot.  I think this is the first time I've seen metered parking in Las Vegas.We bought a t-shirt for Honey from the Tommy Bahama "Relax" collection.  I really wanted a cute blue hat but I didn't buy it.  Probably should have since I can't get it out of my head now!They had a lot of beachy, but sophisticated, dresses.  And the barware was really cute and had a Carribean feel.  The candles smelled delicious.  We were offered plenty of assistance but they also knew to give us room to laugh and shop.  And the atmosphere was tropical all the way!
4	This is a huge store (has to be the biggest in town, in fact), and it's not divided (males/females- like at the Forum Shops). Also, there is a Cafe as well. The last time we came here, the salesman (middle-aged) was helpful, but not pushy. Tommy Bahama doesn't associate itself as being a Hawaiian Shirt brand (there are some TB stores on the islands), but rather, a Fine Resort Wear brand. Oh, and those cilantro-pineapple candles are so yummy smelling.   Ok, there was a joke about young guys wearing TB shirts on "Forgetting Sarah Marshall." My husband is a fan of the silk hawaiian camp shirts, which typically run around $125. I'm a fan of the dresses (runs about $78- $135, the average dress is $125), but I've also got shorts, and a sweater too by TB. We both love the copyrighted prints, the quality, and the designs. This is such a popular brand, that there are knock-offs of the mens shirts, so you have to be careful, if you're not shopping at the TB stores.
5	Great selection of clothes - bought three ultralight jeans for summer wear, and three silk shirts - will be back for more - they have excellent selection - nothing like the stores I've seen elsewhere -ex. in Canada (where I'm from - they don't even have various pant lengths but offer to hem for free (regular price) or for $10 (sale price pants).  I will be back to shop here often the staff was very helpful (I was in a hurry) and they knew their merchandise really well. It's not cheap - a pair of jeans is $98+ but I'm comparing them to designer jeans that are less comfortable and twice the price. You get what you pay for.
5	The quality of this food rates a four star- it's delicious. But the overall score of this restaurant rates five stars because of top notch service! Our server, Huulan, made it her priority to see happy customers. Her gregarious nature and consideration throughout the meal left us completely satisfied. If we asked about a menu item, she brought a sample! We wish every server in the industry was just like Huulan! Five star service. We will definitely be coming back!
3	If pricey, beachy resort wear & assorted barware/gifts is your thing, you're gonna love this store.They have a nice selection of women's/men's clothing, beach wear and some unique gift items (Tommy Bahama logo stuff, beer glasses, flasks, etc) You can also find candles, lotion, etc. There always seems to be some promo going on too. I purchased a $20 gift card for $5 for a charity promo. The card can be used in the restaurant or store, and this promo was over in Sept.My fave thing about the store is the yummy pina colada mini cakes & iced tea you can enjoy while shopping!
1	THE
