4	Called and made an appt and showed up 15 minutes early. They were ready and waiting for me. Pedicure was awesome, not just a salt scrub with lotion, but they do oil too and hot rocks. Chairs are large and comfortable. Had a full set done as well. Was in and out in 1 hr 15 minutes and for $55, including tip. Very friendly people, skilled and gentle. I had a bad cut on my finger they were very gentle with. I'll definitely be coming back.
4	The search is over.I have had my nails done at many nail salons and was so disappointed in the service and/or quality I would not return. Based on Ayesha's review, I made an appointment at Glamour Nails and I am so glad I did.The service was above average for one thing, the Spa treatment includes a massage with hot rocks - a first. Another item that had not  happened at any of the other neighborhood locations, was the use of the ultra-violet drying for hands and feet. This additional drying has kept my nails looking fantastic.I will definitely be returning. Great service, quality manicure and pedicure.
5	Having moved to AZ from Chicago, where there were at least 8 really good nail salons within 3 blocks of my apartment...I guess you could say I was spoiled.  I have been in the Glendale/Peoria area for almost a year now and had yet to find a decent nail salon in the area until today.  After researching on Yelp, Marian and Ayesha's reviews sold me on Glamour Nails...and they definitely did not steer me wrong.  The service was excellent.  The nail technician did an amazing job and took her time.  She didn't skimp out on any portion of the pedicure or manicure...which has been my problem with every other nail salon I have visited here in AZ.   The part where she used hot stones to massage my feet and legs was amazing!  They have a great selection of OPI polish and the prices are extremely reasonable.  My total for a mani, pedi and an acrylic on my big toe (i have a skanky toenail that refuses to grow back =) ) was only $33!!  I will definitely be coming back to Glamour Nails!
5	Really enjoy this place. Took my husband here for his first pedicure and I think he may go back. He loved it!
5	I took my wife and daughter there for a girls day out. They did a fantastic job and were incredibly nice. I will be planning more girls days for them at this place.
5	I received a great pedicure from Glamour Nails. I'm writing this after the second trip to this salon. I wanted to try them twice before writing a review. The people are very nice. The salon is clean, bright and relaxing. They have a TV on the wall playing a Celine Dion concert the day I was there. So it was nice to watch and enjoyable to listen to, better than other nail salons I've been too that seem to have nothing to look at except other people getting their nails done. They give a great massage during the pedicure, and a hot rock massage after the initial massage at no extra charge. They don't try to up sell which is very refreshing! It cost me $25 including tip. I got a great pedicure with great service, I will be returning.
4	Excellent experience. I got a great manicure and pedicure there last week. The staff is really friendly, the treatment is much more involved than most (massages were excellent and lasted at least 5 minutes more than at other places) and the whole thing was $30. The quality was great, my nails still look amazing.
2	I ignored the bad review and thought I'd like to try this place for myself since there were many GOOD reviews to counter it.  I needed to get them done ASAP and my regular place moved to Avondale. Didn't have the time to get out there. Firstly, I waited for an hour and a half! I walked in to make sure they had the time to take me.  I needed to remove an old set so they trapped me by soaking my nails in acetone for that hour and half knowing once your in it you very well can't leave. After a pedi, manicure and eyebrow wax my girl was done with her client and makes her way over to me. After removing and placing the tips she proceeds to cut the tip on the FIRST nail to where I specified then proceeded to cut the rest returning and cutting the INITIAL one shorter and shorter to even it out with the others she had cut, so now my nails are nubbins. Didn't realize how short of course until after the acrylic was on. Which she sloppily applied while I got a pedi from another girl. The pedi girl was very nice and did an ok job. I got a Kelly green on my  toes for St. Pats day and asked the girl if she had the same color  to draw a little design on my tips to which she replied "yeah yeah" .So we're all done with pedi and move to her table to file and shape. Cut and burned me twice (my regular place NEVER cuts me) . Acrylic was bumpy. I asked about the polish for my nail tips for the decor and she pulled out LIME green and was like which one :| Really? Decided no on that and I asked her not to put gel polish on as discolors when I'm in the sun for long lenghts of time so she proceeds to buff them.. In the process burns the %$^(@*& out of two of my fingers. The buffer did nothing but make my nails look rough and have ridges. I asked her to put clear regular polish on because it looked terrible. After one week my nails looked like I hadn't done them in a month! I was displeased with this place and would have given them one star if it wasn't for my pedi girl. Now I remember why I never veer too far from my fave spot. sorry for being longwinded but I was just not happy and I think most of these reviews are overrated lol
4	I have been enjoying the massages with hot rocks and great service for over a year now and yes, I'm a fan. My last visit I tried a gel manicure and now I'm a convert. The manicure I received 9 days ago, still looks pristine, shiny. The application process is more involved and takes a little longer that the standard manicure but for only 10 dollars more - it is so worth it.
5	Was in Arizona visiting, and decided last minute (on a long-weekend) that I should pampered myself to a Manicure / Pedicure.  I checked Yelp for well reviewed salons in the area, and this was one of the few open with overall good reviews.  I called to see if they could take me in 5 min's since I was nearby, and they said to come in.  When I arrived, they greeted me right away, and told me to pick my colors.  I was then immediately seated, with Alli, for a fabulous manure. Alli was geniune and sweet, and very appreciative of my coming in for service at the salon... She thanked me more than once. She asked questions, and kept a nice level of conversation going thoughout the Manicure and Pedicure. Her hands/arms massage, and feet/legs massage felt so good, and she took her time. She really seems interested in pleasing her clients.When I went to take a drink of my empty Starbucks (forgetting I had finished it).... She noticed, and immediately asked if I wanted a bottle of water.My hands and feet feel great, and look great! If I need a Mani/Pedi when in AZ again, I will definitely come back, and ask for Alli!!
5	Great massage chairs and very friendly staff! My mom told me about the place and this is my second time back. Plus free wifi while you are getting a pedicure!
3	Decided to give this nail salon a try after seeing a mailer coupon and realizing how close they were to my house. They were incredibly friendly and I really liked the decor (think, Paris in pink) and they even let me combine coupons for both services, despite the note on each that they could not be combined during a visit. I had a gel manicure (french/white tip this time) and an eyebrow waxing.The eyebrow waxing was very good. I get my brows waxed regularly and this ranked lower on the "pain" scale. My technician was great in not burning my sensitive skin and used the right technique, minimizing the quick burst of pain that can't be avoided. They cleaned every bit of leftover wax (which surprisingly doesn't always happen) and shaped my brows perfectly despite them being overgrown, therefore not obvious how I like them. I was really pleased with the wax.The manicure is another story. While the tech was very friendly and engaging, she was a little pushy with up-selling a design, but based on my savings from using both coupons, I went ahead and gave it a shot. I wasn't stoked with the design, but I did get compliments on it. Just wasn't my style.My only real complaint is just one, but it's a BIG one. I've had a ton of gel manicures at a variety of salons, but never have I had one chip within a couple days!! I am a stay at home mom, so my nails don't get much abuse, but within 2 days, 3 different nails were chipped!! I don't know if the tech made an error in application (I didn't notice any) or if its just a cheaper gel system (again, nothing I noticed during the manicure), but I was really disappointed to see chips so quickly. I am fortunate that with my stay at home mom gig, I don't have to abuse a manicure much, so generally, a gel manicure will last 2-3 weeks minimum. I've had many gel manicures where my paint was perfect for so long that the only reason I required a new manicure was actually new nail growth!! So for the eyebrow wax, I'd give 5 stars, but the gel manicure, I'd give just one. I went with 3 stars vs 2 ONLY because the staff was so friendly. I'd be willing to get another wax here, but would be hesitant to spend the money on another manicure here without some assurances that it would be repaired free of charge if chopping occurred quickly (under a week) again.
5	Excellent and perfect pedicure! Pedicures usually hurt my toes but they were gentle yet effective. Ill definitely be back!! Leon is the best!
5	We stopped in on vacation for a manicure and pedicure.  Both ladies were so nice and did a great job on our nails.  They used hot stones during the massage portion of the pedicure and it felt so good!
2	Normally I really have had great experience at this location, however the last time I was there was horrible. I am pretty sure that my nail lady had the flu, I thought she was going to pass out  a few times, my pedicure was at least 15 minutes shorter then my friends, and the man at the front could care less. I will not be visiting this location again.
3	Walked in on my lunch break. 3 people in the salon and was asked to come back tomorrow. No big deal if they were busy. They do a good job the times I've been there though
