3	Phoenix Municipal Stadium is the Spring Training home of the Oakland Athletics baseball team.  The stadium is a mid-sized spring training venue, built below street level.  Unlike Surprise Stadium, however, it's not built to avoid the blistering heat.  And the food at the venue is very, very basic (hot dogs and....more hot dogs).  Parking is overloaded on days when the Cubs come to town (those Cubbie fans come in DROVES).  Another negative is that there's only about 5 feet by which you can hand a player a ball to be signed; every other point is too high around the stadium.But the positives are great seats, most with backs, a great crowd (always!), and being close to the players.
5	Phoenix Muni and the A's are a great fit for each other.  The stadium is simple and doesn't have a lot of frills, but it's all about being close to the action.  The A's get a lot of grief for being a small market club, but they always seem to put out an exciting young team, and have great fans who are all about the baseball, beer, and hot dogs.  Ticket prices are cheap and are usually available during the week.  Also, Phoenix Muni is right nearby the wildly underrated Papago Golf Course, so it's a great place to golf in the AM and catch the 1pm game afterward.The only drawback is no lawn seating, but I know that they have tried to add them, but the LF wall is too close to the street and the city won't let them, so laying out in the bleachers will have to be enough.
3	I had a Ferris Bueller day today (along with all the SAEs and Delta Zetas from ASU) and got to see an A's spring training game.  There's a lot of out-of-town love for Phoenix Municipal Stadium and I don't get it.  Clearly the other reviewers haven't been to some of the other spring training stadiums in the Valley.The day was gorgeous, my crappy Budweiser was delicious and the fraternity/sorority crowd was amusing as usual.  Tip: Bring your old college ID (if you can swing it) for cheaper student tickets ($7) and do chug-alugs with Chad and Justin.It's your standard small capacity stadium, but with stunning views of Papago Park and a decent yet Spartan design due to a recent renovation.  With that said, it looks like a small town minor league facility compared to the newer spring training digs in Peoria and Surprise.  And it certainly doesn't have the energy level or interior corridors of Hohokam Park in Mesa (Home of the Chicago Cubs).  Like Thomas S. would say, Phoenix Municipal Stadium is Jan Brady to Surprise's Marcia. There isn't a bad seat in the house, but that goes for most stadiums like this.  And only two concession registers (one on each side) in the whole park take credit cards, but that's my bad, really.Not a bad place to catch a game, even when it's standing room only (tons of space for that) but the proximity to the rest of the Valley and Mill Avenue (free shuttle vans to Mill after the game) and view of Papago are the real bonus here.
3	I went here for a Spring Training game, one weekend two years ago.  I think that it's a great park with tons of parking.  The people are nice and it's fairly easy to get to.
4	Phoenix Municipal Stadium is an appropriate home for the Spring Training Oakland Athletics, as it has the same "old school" feel as the Oakland Coliseum: a basic slab of concrete with green seats, priced somewhat cheaper than other stadiums.   The stadium is rather small compared to the Giants monstrousity in Scottsdale, thus you can actually get "bleacher seats" that are close to First or Third base.The games I went to this season had pleasant baseball weather, tho some not-so-pleasant baseball fans who mercilessly heckled all the rookies, as well as any fans who would happen to drop a foul ball.  Fortunately, no nazi security guards here:  one can bring your own food into to park and sealed bottles of water.  Happily, they go by the honor system and just asked me "You have sealed water bottles in here, right?" as they fondled my bag and let me pass.However, don't talk to your friends while the Star Spangled Banner is playing, or you'll get "SHUSHED" by your elders, as I did.
4	I am so excited that baseball season has started!!  Well, not officially, but spring training is giving a little taste of the upcoming season.  I was just at the Phoenix Municipal Stadium to see the LA Dodgers play the Chicago White Soxs.  The stadium was great to watch the ballgame.  We sat behind home plate, the seats were comfortable and the beer was cold...what else do you need on a sunny afternoon?
4	This was ballpark number one on the Spring training tour of 2008. My first ever. Being A's fans, and this is their park, we had to make it the first stop. We got in around 12pm for the 1pm game and ventured on down to the bottom of the stands at nearly  field level. Boy, talk about up close and personal with the players. This is great. I even got my first ever autograph from a baseball player, thanks Lenny Dinardo. We actually got to see two games here and sat in two different areas. The stadium is very homey. Small. No grass to sit on out in the outfield areas. No fancy booths selling local vendor foods. Just a cute little park with real seats at in every section. All the seats are good. There are two beer gardens with benches for picnics up and set back from the sets. Lots of vendors selling only the basic ballpark fares and a few gift shops so buy all the great Spring Training garb. Of course I will come here again, its the A's park!!! But, it would be great to see them play against other teams some of the other parks.
4	For my 200th review I want to send my love to my ever changing, unpredictable, everybody-wants-to-count-you-out Oakland A's and their spring training venue.  Being it my first time to spring training and the fact that I am an A's fan who regularly attends games in the great concrete jungle, I'm not hard to impress.  The field was all that baseball needs to be: hot dogs, beer, eager fans, and a green field.  We saw two games here, one of which was free thanks to the nice guy who bought too many tickets and gave two to us.  Thanks baseball fans, you guys are the best!
5	Another example of what a great spring training ballpark should be. You cant tell that this ballpark is over 40 years old. This ballpark has character along with great seating, lots of parking and a team that should make some noise this season in the AL West. Grab a beer and get comfortable in this gem of a ballpark.
2	Probably the worst Spring Training site in the Valley.  Time has not treated this place well and it really begins to fail as you compare it to the competition.  It is too bad considering the great location.Getting to Phoenix Muni is pretty simple.  You can take the 202 and get off at Van Buren or you could probably take the light rail if you didn't mind a bit of a walk.  There is a ton of parking around Muni and it is hard to find any that is free.  It does exist, however, along the North-East side of the stadium in the dirt areas.  If you park in the lots, be prepared to walk a mile over the hideous pedestrian bridge.Once you get into the stadium, you are bombarded with concrete.  There is literally concrete everywhere you look in this stadium.  The only things not made of concrete are the field and the wooden signs that make up the outfield wall.  All of this concrete, combined with the numerous metal seats, make this one of the hottest ballparks in the Cactus League.  Access to the players is not that great either.  While you can catch most of them coming in from right field, their practice field is difficult to get to and secluded.  Pitchers do warm up down the lines which gives you a seat just a few feet from a fastball.  In all, Muni is a failure.  The City of Phoenix must improve the area greatly for it to continue to host Spring Training.  It would be nice to see them convert the parking lot into a multi-story entertainment development but, right now, the Zoo is the only other thing over there.  There are no grass seats which is really part of the fun of spring training.  There is little shade.  There are few reasons to go to the stadium and that is unfortunate because the A's are such a good team to watch.
3	My husband and I joined two friends for the Indians/Athletics game at Phoenix Municipal Stadium. I was happy because nice weather (for most of the game) + day drinking + baseball = one fantastic Sunday afternoonParking was easy (no problems getting in or out of the lot) and cheap at only $5. You can also take light rail to the Priest/Washington stop and walk to the ball park. We bought tickets at the window for $10 each and were very happy with our seats. We were in section 20 (outfield) in row 6 and it felt like we were practically on the field due to the small size of the stadium. We all decided that it really felt more like a minor league baseball park rather than the spring training facility for an MLB team. We were able to see players warming up quite easily and a few of the kids in our section got baseballs thrown up to them by some of the Indians players. The scoreboard is pretty small so if you have bad eyesight good luck seeing the stats and the score.I didn't go up the concession stands, but when I walked by on our way to the seats, I saw it was very simple and small. There are plenty of beer stands around the park and there is even a stand where you can buy margaritas which made one of my friends happy. Draft beer was $6.50 for a 20 oz and the Miller Lite bottles we bought at our seats were $7. While the prices weren't bad, the alcohol policy is really dumb. Apparently, one person can only purchase up to 32 oz at one time; thus, you can buy 2 16 oz beers, but forget trying to buy 2 20 oz beers. Since I didn't go up with my husband to buy beer, he had the option of buying 2 16 oz drafts or 1 20 oz draft. He was told he could drop off the 20 oz beer to me and then come back up and buy another 20 oz draft. Seriously? That has to be one of the most dumb alcohol policies I have heard of at a sporting venue. Despite the Indians losing and a silly alcohol policy, we had a good time at the game.
4	I was recently in town checking out some spring training games and caught the A's Angels tilt about a week back. Very nice stadium and there isn't a bad seat to be had. Absolutely beautiful views of Popango Park! Sometimes its hard to focus on the game because of all the beautiful scenery around you. Phoenix Municipal Stadium is easy to get to, parking is simple and tickets are cheap! I only have a few complaints and the major one is with the food selection! No burgers? Chicken fingers? Fries? Selection was very limited and the food they had isn't really that great, the kettle korn was way below average! Another complaint is with the scoreboard, it was almost impossible to see because of the glare of the sun and is so outdated it makes Titanic seem recent. Do Cactus league stadiums not believe in radar guns?The staff was very kind and knowledgeable and I'd love to come back to Phoenix Municipal Stadium in the future to catch another Cactus league match-up.
4	This is my favorite stadium to watch a spring training game. Maybe it's because I remember watching the Firebirds play here and well the tickets are cheap. I even get a $2-4 discount with my credit union debit card. They sell Nathan's hot dogs! Yum! They also have margaritas and snow cones. You can't go wrong with either. The views here are amazing although trying to get into the parking lot sucks. Great location. Not too far from Tempe or south Scottsdale.
2	Went here this past weekend for the A's-Giants spring training game. I must say the bleacher seats are extremely uncomfortable. The seats are too low and make your knees sore after just a couple innings, and I'm only 5-9.Tickets are cheap, which is how spring training games should be. There is very little shaded seating, so a trip to the shaded picnic area in the LF corner is a must to cool down a little bit.Parking and access to the stadium are convenient and easy.
3	Let's start with an SAT-type question:Scottsdale Stadium :: AT&T Park is like _______ :: Oakland Coliseum.a) Oakland A'sb) Rickey Hendersonc) Phoenix Municipal Stadiumd) Yankee StadiumIf you answered C, you, my friend are correct.  And you're pretty smart, too.  Give yourself a pat on the back.Much like Oakland Coliseum, Phoenix Muni won't amaze you with state-of-the-art facilities, breathtaking views or spectacular nightlife nearby.  What you get here is a functional, simple, 40-year-old ballpark that serves its purpose.  The crowds here are much smaller than you would encounter at other parks, but it fits 6000-7000 people comfortably.  Unless you are in the premium infield seats, you will be sitting on the aluminum benches or on the grassy knoll.  Pick your poison, so to speak.We always get the infield seats, because you can sit 12 rows behind home plate for under $20.  I don't care how bad the economy is, it's a steal!  Even if you sit directly behind home plate, you will most likely struggle to see the tiny outdated scoreboard screen in the centerfield.  There are no fancy food choices at Phoenix Muni.  If you're not intimidated by enormous wieners, a footlong hot dog might be for you.  Believe me when I say, you will not be able to eat more than two, no matter how much you love hot dogs.  I am also a fan of the little dining area by the left field foul pole.  You can sit there at a table with a giant umbrella, hide from the sun and sip your beverage of choice.  If you're lucky, you can even watch the game from some of those seats.The people who work here, from ushers to concession stand clerks, are incredibly nice.  They really do want to make sure you have a great time at the game, and it shows.Parking here is very easy.  For $5, you can park in the lot right across the street.  The lot rarely gets full, and you can always almost find a spot.  I hear there are ways to find free parking if you are willing to walk a little more, but at $5, why would you?  It's important to know, though, that the walk from the lot "across the street" from the ballpark will take you about 7 minutes.  There is no crosswalk on the street, and you have to use that ridiculous pedestrian bridge they erected with the sole purpose of annoying most baseball fans.So, +1 star for great seats, +1 star for cheap parking, -1 star for horrible scoreboard, -1 star for the pedestrian bridge.  A-OK, 3 stars.
2	I've frequented this stadium the second most, next to Hohokam.  It's in a great location, but I don't love this ballpark as much as some of the others.  First off, there is no grass!  What's up with that?  My favorite part of the whole spring training experience is grabbing a patch of greens and laying out for an afternoon of baseball..  I'll get over it.  I do love their frozen margs though!  I've had a few too many from time to time, but always go back for more.  Another downfall of this park is the rude fans.  Sorry, but geez.. I actually had someone deny my friend a light of her cigarette because we were cubs fans.  Really.  Geez, get a life!Anyway, I'll keep going for the games, but there are definately better parks out there.
3	One of my favorite locations because it is conveniently located across from my work building. The parking is good - even better for me since I can walk. The concessions are cheap - $4 for a hot dog or soda. A combo pack of a hot dog, drink and popcorn for $11. The views are good and provides good access to players if you want to try for an autograph. As another reviewer pointed out, there is no outfield grass, which is a disappointment. Another thing that is down is the feeling in your ass after sitting on the metal bleacher style seats down the left field line  - but for $7, good parking, nice location and cheap concessions, I am a fan.
4	Finally, I've been able to see a game at Municipal Stadium. The last time I went to a game in 2006, the game was rained out.There isn't a bad seat in the house. The stadium is a bit smaller than several other locations. I enjoyed watching the game from the seats towards the outfield.I enjoyed seeing the background of the Papago rocks behind left field. A nice touch.One real nice thing about Municipal is the parking. There is a large parking lot across the street. Cost is $5.I did have a tasty corn dog here. Not overcooked and the hog dog inside wasn't shriveled or overcooked. It was possibly the best corn dog I've had in a LONG time. Even better than the fair!What brings down the rating is that the is ZERO lawn seats (my favorite place to watch a spring training game), not much variety of food and the smoking. The smoking was a big issue. There were countless folks smoking as I was wandering around the stadium. I went to the restroom and there were people smoking between the stands and restroom/concessions. UGH I thought there was some ordinance that if you smoked, you had to go outside the stadium?Municipal is a fun and great place to watch a game, but falls short of some of the other stadiums in the area for me.
3	Experienced my first spring training game on St. Patty's Day with a matchup of the A's Vs. the Giants.  Half my family was in A's gear and the other half in Giants.  First the good.  I really liked the size and feel of the ballpark, felt like there was no bad seat in the stadium.  Parking was inexpensive and plenty of it.  Concessions were good and they had extra people out with buckets of beer and water.  Now the bad.  We had seats in the outfields and the bleacher benches were built for 8 year olds, not someone over 6 ft tall.  Also, there was no grass areas in the outfield.  Overall, I really enjoyed the game, Giants won, and we all had a good time.  I look forward to going to Scottsdale stadium.
4	Back again, year 3, to see the A's in Spring Training at this field. I have to be honest, compared to the other fields out there, this place feels old. But, it's the A's field. You are right up next to them when they warm up. They sign lots of autographs. There is no bad seat in the house. The setting is great with Papago right behind it. Parking is easy (though they do charge $5). It's just a good place to go. And they have those beer gardens with picnic tables and grass for those people who just have to have some grass. Not a lot of fluff here, just A's BASEBALL!!!
4	Phoenix Municipal could get four stars in my book solely because it's home to my team, the Oakland A's. But, I can't just base a review on that so I'll explain some other traits that makes it a four. Like the Oakland A's stadium back in Oakland, this stadium doesn't have all the bells and whistles as other spring training stadiums, but it has character and houses many memories for all. Parking is close and seamless, but it can be a bit of a hassle to walk from the lot to the stadium on warm days. Food wise, they have a couple options; the typical ballpark food complete with hot dogs and peanuts, a lemonade stand, frozen treats as well as a BBQ area. Seat wise, the stadium has a good amount of shaded and sun seats, so you can either get a tan on or cover up the farmer's tan you're creating while watching the teams play. You can tickets for a relatively low price or you could dig into your wallet a bit more for great seats. I love to spend many spring days sitting at Phoenix Municipal and watching my Athletics play!
4	We came here to catch some Spring Training games for our home team, the Oakland A's (vs. Rangers and our other bay area favorite, the Giants). My boyfriend had never been to spring training, or any other stadium other than the d-backs one with me here, and he thought it was great. We got great seats, closer than we could ever sit to see the A's back home for $20, and if you get there early enough, you can catch batting practice and the players are pretty cool about signing autographs for extended periods of time for fans. The ballpark has decent priced food, two thumbs up for the footlong hotdog! And the souvenir soda cup is only $5, and there are water fountains around the bathrooms, so you can just get your water there. You can bring food into the ballpark too which is nice. They had a decent selection of beer and bbq area to get a lot of variety of food. It's definitely lacking in shade, so come prepped with a hat and plenty of sunblock because you can heat up pretty quickly just roasting in the sun. Parking is great, plenty across the street for only $5. They even have a ramp that goes over the main road for handicap access (closer parking also available for the diabled) so it's really safe and convenient for all the little ones that come to watch baseball. Considering it's the oldest ballpark in the area, it was still in good shape, and watching your favorite team is always an enjoyable pasttime!
4	decent field. I do like how my Field Box made me feel like I was basically in the dugout(unfortunately the A's dugout). Crazy open sun during the daytime ,thank god it wasn't super humid . I did partake in some foot long hot dog eating , but unlike the review before me , I thought it tasted like barf. Good parking across the street and at a decent price
1	I went to 4 stadiums this year for spring training and this one was the worst.  Old, no food choices, bad beer selection, poor service they could not handle the crowd the Giants brought you could not buy food and they actually ran out of food.  Also there is no grass and most seats are in the hot sun as there is very little shade and they charge for parking.  Go to any of the other stadiums for a great venue, shade, food choices, good beer etc.  Passing on this one next time.
3	Okay food and not that great field
4	This was my 1st spring Training baseball experience so I can't compare the ballpark with any other. However, as a newbie I can say that I appreciate the intimate setting. Every seat is a decent seat. Hubs and I had seat right behind home plate for less than $30. It's a really chill atmosphere. Feels like a college ball park.The concessions are priced fairly. The bathrooms were clean. I had a great time. See you next year!
4	Phoenix Muni is a great stadium to see Oakland A's Spring Training Games. Yes, it's older than many of the other Arizona stadiums, but it has a simple charm that serves it wall. Great seats can be found just about anywhere in the park, and for $22 we were in row 7, just to the right of home plate. It's also pretty easy getting in and out of both the stadium and the parking lot.The only (minor) negative is probably common to most stadiums: there don't seem to be enough vendors (at least beer vendors; several people around us mentioned it), and the concession stands can get somewhat backed up at times. But for a relaxing place to watch baseball in the Arizona sun, it's hard to beat Phoenix Municipal Stadium.
4	This is the home of the A's during Spring Training.  The stadium itself turned 30 this year, but there are a few things that have been renovated, and a few things that have not.  Let me start with parking- I got there a few minutes late, and that was a huge no-no.  Especially on opening day.  When I say I parked in the absolute furthest corner of the lot, I wasn't kidding.  A guy even offered my buddy and I a rickshaw ride to the stadium.  I told him thanks, but I knew it would have killed him (thats like hauling 500+lbs across a huge ass lot).  This helped out near the end, as an exit was readily available (thank God!).On my way to Phoenix, I had the pleasure to sit next to a beautiful woman who ended up apparently being a GF of a SP for the A's, this intrigued me.  I told her I would wear a Lin jersey and an A's hat, and wear them to their first two games.  Should be easy to find.  I guess I wasn't easy enough to find?!  I was still intrigued now to watch the A's (she reminded me they picked up Coco Crisp and Manny Ramirez, 2 classics).I have no idea how, but I somehow managed to get 2 tickets via ticketmaster the morning of the game, 6 rows behind home plate, on the aisle.  This was awesome, since we sat next to tons of scouts (thanks for the radar reading!).This was also the game that Manny Ramirez debuted in an A's outfit- too bad he hit a groundball out (and then I think he disappeared, or maybe that was me).  He is one of my fav's of this era. The actual park is smaller than most, and it shows.  No outfield seats (just ads and ads and ads) or lawn, so that kind of sucked in terms of confinement around the park (but like I said, it is 30 years old).  The seats were bearable, even with all of the crap the scouts had (aka their bags and such).It's a nice ballpark, but I think they should consider putting a lawn in the outfield if they would like more of a crowd- they have the space to do it!I do love how the beer is much cheaper in AZ than it is in elsewhere (ONLY $8 for a 24ozbeer) for games... I usually have to get a 2nd mortgage to get a beer in GA!If you still have the energy after the game, the Zoo and Botanical Garden are literally down the street. even 2 parks- great way for a fun day!
4	Upon arriving at Phoenix Municipal Stadium I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of this facility. It was easy to get to from the 202, easy parking ($5), and a nice view of the Papago Rocks over the left field wall. The one disappointment was there isn't any lawn seating. Home to the Oakland A's, Phoenix Municipal Stadium will give you a chance to see Manny try and make a return to baseball before the rest of the country does during the regular season. Not a bad draw.
4	With spring training in full swing (ah, see what I did there) this is my favorite stadium to attend as a baseball fan. I have been to many of the other spring training facilities and I found that at this stadium is where you can get the most for your money. This is one of the older stadiums in the valley but it still offers a professional and entertaining atmosphere. Unlike other stadiums there is no lawn seating available here so the cheapest tickets at bleacher seats ($12). I would suggest you bring a seat cushion if you will be sitting on the bleachers for the entire game.   When I attend a game here I usually like to spend a couple innings in my seat then make my way over to the beer garden area down the third base line basically in left field. This area has tables with umbrellas a grassy area and a spot to lean, drink your beer and watch the game. If you have children with you this is a good spot to have them run around if they get a little antsy in their seats. The lack of lawn seating offers up an amazing view of the Papago mountains, very picturesque. Parking is only $5, but taking the light rail is convenient with a short walk to the stadium. The concessions are pretty reasonable as well. I will list a couple reasons why you should consider this park when visiting for spring training or the Arizona Fall League.1. You love the game of baseball and want to be close to the action.2. Want to enjoy a day at the ballpark with your family without taking out a loan.3. Want to see a phoenix baseball landmark that still looks amazing after 30 years.I hope you enjoyed the review and enjoy the ballgame.
3	Nice enough no/low frills ballpark.  The concession stands only took cash which was a bit of a bummer.  Not sure if that's a temporary situation or not.  I think it was only  $6 for a foot long hot dog which has to be the best value in the Cactus League.
3	I still love Phoenix Muni but I don't love their concessions. While at a game tonight, they ran out of hot dogs, chicken tenders and even spoons. They didn't seem prepared for the crowds even though it was a sold out game. Poor Phoenix Muni.
4	An older small stadium with lots of charm.  Great views right outside left field. Sad that this is going to be torn down after this year.
3	There is a certain sense of nostalgia that exudes from Phoenix Muni that you don't really get at the newer Spring Training facilities in Arizona. True, it is the oldest still in use, but it feels more intimate and more geared towards the spirit of seeing your team before the season starts. It's less about business and more about getting back into the swing of the things, having a few laughs on the basepads and shaking hands with the people who really live and die by their fandom. Most of the seats beyond 1B and #b sides are benches, another throwback, but really, there isn't a bad seat to watch a game. Get there early if you're into meeting players and getting autographs and also be prepared to wait in lines for food or drink. Even when ALL the stands are open, they are not enough to service a packed house of hungry fans. Bring cash, only a few places accept card.
3	A small, tidy stadium for the A's.  Parking lot available (most recently for the 2012 season $5) across the street from the stadium with a walkway overpass to get people to and from the p-lot/stadium (handicap accessible).  There's some shady seats available and plenty in the sun.  Bring a jacket if you sit in the shade, can even get a bit chilly!  As for the food, the most important part of baseball, there didn't seem to be  huge selection here.  I think on one end there were some sort of chow mein available (weird) and then the main specialty seemed like the bratwursts and the hotdogs fresh off the bbq.  Get the footlong dog!  So delicious and probably the most worth it.  I didn't try it but they also have fresh brewed ice cream!  Anyway, get the dog!
4	Phoenix Municipal Stadium is the spring training home of the Oakland A's.  Sure, it's an older, low frills stadium without the high definition scoreboard and booming sound system but it's a charming ballpark nonetheless.I attended two games here this past spring training.  We had upper box seats ($18) behind home plate which is a great place to sit if you're looking for seats in the shade.  The seats were comfortable and well spaced and the view was unobstructed.I appreciated that the stadium was clean and very well maintained and that the people we encountered were all friendly.Food options seemed rather limited, basic baseball staples for the most part, but what they did have was good.  There were bratwursts and foot long hot dogs for $6.00 apiece and they were grilled right in front of you.  Parking was $5.00 and there were plenty of parking spots available in the convenient lot adjacent to the stadium.
2	I love Spring Training and I enjoy watching baseball, but this place is one of my least favorite ballparks in the Cactus League. Here's why:- It's an old facility.  I've been to high school baseball parks which are more modern than this.  How is that possible?- There's a small number of food vendors, so the lines are super long.- Bathrooms are tiny, so lines get long here.The best thing about this ballpark is that it's small, so there's not a bad seat in the house in my opinion.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/phoenix-municipal-stadium-phoenix?select=R5fVIm59XAsUhsFSpwuQRA#R5fVIm59XAsUhsFSpwuQRAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/phoenix-municipal-stadium-phoenix?select=6cIpBAcPqEVYSnFnQTrQxQ#6cIpBAcPqEVYSnFnQTrQxQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/phoenix-municipal-stadium-phoenix?select=aA5zMGQfL-YiEL8wUKGxEQ#aA5zMGQfL-YiEL8wUKGxEQReturn Factor - 50% (only when the A's a playing a team I want to see)
4	I'm sad that the A's are leaving this stadium. Why oh why can't they stay? I have been coming to Phoenix Muni to watch the A's play since I was a little girl and now that they are moving I won't know what to do! This park has character just like the Oakland Colliseum. It is close to both Scottsdale, Tempe and Downtown Phoenix and close to the light rail. The park has decent seating. It's a solid park in my opinion!
3	Great location close to the light-rail, lots of shade, and ample restrooms. However, the beer selection is terrible, and the food choices only slightly better. But let's face it, you're going anyway. Just grab a drink and brat before you get here.
4	We went here for our first A's spring training game, and had a great time sitting by the A's bullpen in the sun. The stadium is definitely a bit old and worn down, but the food was decent and the beer was cold. I hear the A's are moving to Mesa in 2015, so not too many more chances to see them here.
4	I went here for one of the world classic games. Rooted for the a's since they are near my hometown! My friend scored some pretty good seats, for free so that was awesome! $5 parking was a shocker since I saw my giants play in scottsdale and did not have to pay for parking . Although at this stadium the food was cheaper at this stadium! The view is amazing at this stadium with the mountains as your backdrop, its nice to watch and look at the scenery, but the post game celebration is better in scottsdale.
3	Phoenix Municipal Stadium is the oldest of the Spring Training ballparks, and it shows!  It's still a nice venue to watch a Spring Training game, but that's pretty much it.  The stadium is very small, as there are lawn area or seats behind the outfield walls.  You don't even have a gorgeous view.  As a comparison to the other Spring Training facilities, it is the most bland & generic of them all.  If you're in Arizona and you had to miss a stadium, this is an easy choice to bypass.FYI; since Arizona State University and the Hooters in Tempe aren't far away..; the last couple of times I've been to Phoenix Municipal Stadium, there were a lot of very attractive Hooters girls who were advertising their restaurants and giving away random promotions & discounts.  That was my personal observation when I was at this particular Spring Training ballpark.  As for the entire town.., you'll notice a lot of very attractive college students roaming around the entire area, that it reminds you that you're near the campus of Arizona State University.
3	This was my 4th Spring Training stadium visit during March 2014, and this stadium fits the3-star definition of "A-OK".  It is not a bad place to watch a ballgame, it just wasn't as nice as some of the others I visited these past few weeks in the local Phoenix area.  The ballpark hosts the spring training home of the Oakland As and does a good job of promoting the home team with lots of green and yellow signs.  I enjoyed the BBQ concession picnic area with lots of tables and an elevated view of the field out in left field.Stadium has easy/reasonable $5 parking across the street with easy in/out access.  There is no lawn seating at all at this stadium and you cannot walk around the outfield like in some of the other ballparks.  I like the "smallness" of this ballpark with only 8000 seats and not a bad seat in the place.  The scoreboard is quite dated with the mini-jumbo tron looking like an old 27 inch hotel Tv that is tough to read and no video replays.  Concessions have standard hot dogs, hamburgers, corn dogs, pizza, but they do have a nice looking taco stand and the BBQ area which serves pulled pork, pulled chicken, and tri-tip.  The souvenir cups in Oakland As green and yellow make a good keepsake to remember your visit.
1	$18 for a single "Outfield Reserved" ticket in the Cactus League's oldest stadium? I thought this was Spring Training!?! And there is no outfield seating... It's just way down the 1st and 3rd base line. Apparently, when you are from Oakland, you just get use to paying more for less.
4	I really enjoyed watching baseball here during the A's Spring Training. I sat in Section D mostly and the view was amazing and the shade was much needed. I liked the beer garden with the picnic tables and the chicken taco stand was very delicious. The ushers were very helpful when we needed to find our seats initially and seemed to know the couple who we sat next to for all of the games; I later learned that they come every year and sit in the same spot! The only downside, and it's not even that bad, is this place is cash only. They provide ATMS but the service charge is $3.95/transaction. That adds up if you forget to bring cash all the time and there isn't a close by place to get cash back at near the stadium.I would love to visit this stadium again but, sadly, not for the Oakland A's Spring Training in 2015 since they are moving to Mesa. Great place all around and a good variety of adult beverages. Perfect for the family to come and watch America's past time.
