4	So Katie H. is pretty dead on with the atmosphere and the lack of conversation --  a tad dingy on the inside, and only one of the girls could speak decent English; however, I don't remember the last time I cared much about the decor in a nail salon or whether or not my technician wanted to carry on some BS chit chat.  You can have crappy art on the wall, and you can only say hello for all I care, as long as you do a good job.  I was a little bummed that I walked in right after 4 other people, which meant I was the girl waiting with her feet in luke-warm water for 30 minutes.  Honestly though, it was worth the wait.  I had the only male in the place, and he was so apologetic that I had to wait - I think he may have been even more particular based on that (?) who knows.  Either way, he did an awesome job.  I'm still admiring my nails and toes today (got them done yesterday) thinking "wow!"  I think what's even better than my fab Cajun Shrimp-colored nails is the fact that it only cost me $35 dollars for both the mani and the pedi.  Scottsdale is super expensive almost all around, but this nail place isn't gipping anyone on their service.  I'm excited to go back, and I'm crossing my fingers I get the guy again!FYI - they prefer tips in cash but will accept it on a debit.
2	I have no idea how my mediocre pedicure turned into $40! This place is a standard strip mall, sub-par experience with Spa prices! The staff was nice, but they didn't do a very good job.  I won't be back.
5	Yes this place isn't that flashy, but they all do an awesome job. I've been going for over a year now and LOVE Van Thi!! She's sooo amazing and has great attention to detail. I'm super picky and everytime she does an outstanding job. It's NOT important that they speak to you or not....they do a great job...and they're super curteous. I recommend Nature Nails to all the ppl that compliment my hands... Tom, Thank you for the work you do. :)
4	I detest clipping my own toenails and when I've tried I end up cutting myself, bleeding, and making them even worse than when I started.So when they start getting too long or ragged I head over to this place on my lunch hour for a quick pedicure.Yes, they do have a number of different levels of pedicure that they will ask if you want and I guess if you're not paying attention you could wind up with the $40 option. However, the basic pedicure is $25 which is what I usually get. I assume they have all sorts of options for polishes and colors, but I've never gotten any of those. Rather just clipping and shaping followed by a nice foot massage and I'm good to go.As for the service, it's quick and well done. They have the standard massaging chairs and the typical selection of trash-culture celebrity magazines like People and US Weekly. Even though there's usually only two people working I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes before I'm in the chair. If you're looking for a good place to get a pedicure and a little pampering for your feet, check out Nature Nails Center.
