4	This is my first time eating a pupusa.  I had the revueltos pupusa - pork, beans, and cheese - and a chicken tamale.  Lisa L. got two pupusas - chicken and cheese/herbs.  I liked the tomato sauce and vinegar-based slaw that came with it.  I would return to try other dishes.  The place is new so it is clean.
3	This was my 1st time eating salvadorean. I ordered a plate that had scrambled eggs, beans mixed with rice, crema and fried plantains. I'd never had those before so that was a must try for me. I loved it. I cleaned my plate with the exception of the crema. (sour cream type creama) I'm glad it covered 1/4 of my plate b/c thats calories saved - It was really good = The only reason they lost a star was b/c the waitress kept giving me ugly looks. I'm sorry I'm not fluent in spanish so I pointed to what I wanted on the menu and said' i wanted the #12 - and again she looked at me like an alien had just landed in her restaurant and i was retarded for even ordering it. I'm not sure if she was offended that I didnt speak spanish or if she thought that dish wasnt very good? Either way I didnt like it but she did that everytime she spk to me.. maybe thats just the way she looks but then my bf said that she heard a lil girl go to the counter & ask her for sweet & low/splenda and the waitress told her no we dont have that... Then... her mother asked for her & explained (in spanish) that it is sugar but not really - and she handed her what she asked for and told her that her daughter didnt know how to ask properly thats why she didnt know what she meant. wth!!! i'm glad I wasnt witnessing this and had been in the ladies during this episode b/c I would have just been a lil pissed off. Minus this waitress the food alone would have gotten 4 stars... I'd go back and just pray that waitress is not there..ps. note: the owner seemed very nice.. as did the male host - it was his 1st day so he was bright eyed and precious looking and very polite.. unlike his co-worker.
4	Really good pupusas! They're made to order so they are nice and hot when you get them. Yum! I've never tried any of the other menu items since I can't choose anything over a pupusa. At least not in a Salvadorean restaurant... My new favorite pupusa is the revuelta (pork, cheese and beans). Their curtido (slaw-type topping) and sauce is really good and goes perfectly on top. While it's not my absolute favorite pupusa restaurant in town, it's still pretty tasty. It's closer to home, so when we're too lazy to drive to our favorite place, Las Pupusas does the trick.
4	This place is delicious!!!  The service is good and the food is yummy and extremely inexpensive.  I had never had pupusas before my experince here, and it was definitely something i enjoyed!
4	I come here once a month or so! So delicious! The pupusas can be ordered with pork, beans, cheese, or mixed. They also come with curtido lightly pickled cabbage salad, and delicious salsa (a think slightly spicy red sauce). I always order mine mixed with a side of rice. Each are made to order and I love how each pupusa is $1.50. The restaurant also features some other Salvadorian and Mexican dishes as well, though it's hard for me to pass of a good pupusa! ;)
4	The pupusas' here are amazing. The staff is friendly and attentive.
4	I come here at least a couple times a month and absolutely love the revuelta pupusas and the pork pasteles.  The curtido that's served with the pupusas is delicously crunchy with just a slight kick.  At first I didn't like the red sauce that is also served on the side (I found that it wasn't spicy enough for me) but I've come to really enjoy it and my pupusas aren't complete if I don't have the sauce drizzled (okay, dumped) all over it.Food always comes out quickly and hot--I have always gotten take out and by the time I get back to work the foil-wrapped pupusas are still piping hot.  By the way, I love when the cheese spills out while on the grill...it's like a bonus, that crispy crunchy grilled cheese, yum!I've only eaten in the restaurant once.  Service was adequate.  Their version of the horchata isn't the same as Mexican horchata though; I wasn't a fan.  Perhaps someday I'll venture away from the pupusas and pasteles and try some of the other items on their menu but for now, I still haven't gotten sick of them.  (Yay!)
4	You've got to try their Pupusas! Fluffy white corn tortillas that is filled with your choice of beans, cheese, or the Revueltas which is a combo of pork, beans and cheese. A Salvadoran version of a hot pocket except it's a round shape.  The Pupusas are made to order, in fact the Pupusas assembly line is in full view for everyone to see.  You can watch the ladies making them while waiting for your order. You can dine in or do take out. The Pupusas are nice and hot when they bring them to your table. Served with a side of curtido (kind of like a coleslaw) and  watery like tomato sauce.  Best thing; very filling and budget friendly. Less than two bucks for a Pupusas!  All the Salvadorean dishes I tried are just as delicious! The menu has numbers, pictures of the items, and description so if you cant pronounce something just let your server know what number you want. The servers are always nice, speak and understand English enough to get by, so there's no lack of miscommunication. Orders come out in timely manner even when the place is packed and they have people waiting with orders to go.  Atmosphere is casual and family friendly. Nice little hole in the wall find!
5	Having stopped by the bank next door, my girlfriend Yelped this place.  I am SO glad she did!We were only in town 3 mornings and we ate here EVERY morning. The pupusas were amazing. Neither of us had ever had them before but we are both big fans of them now.  If you've never had them, try them, they are like pockets of deliciousness!
2	Something about this place wasnt quite right on this visit. And neither is my stomach at the moment.   The pupusas I ordered were fine, but the tamales I had tasted  different and felt stale and also had a funny odor to it. I only took a few bites and left the rest. Since I was sitting right by the window where you can view the employees make pupusas, the area I saw did not seem as clean as before, lots of dried bits of masa all over the board and Im not sure if food left on the boards are stored at proper temps.  (ie has that tub of masa been sitting there all day?) .. Noted different employees working also. Service is still the same  My server was friendly.
2	We decided to try this place one more time. No one to greet us except for a strong fishy smell. We had the chicken, cheese and bean pupusas. The food was ok, but nothing special. Our server did not come by and offer to refill drinks. Overall cleanliness was okay. We were not impressed, so we won't return here for awhile.
5	If You Want Some Good Salvadorian Pupusas This Is The Place To Go To The Waitress Was Nice And The Food Was Delicious
4	I just loved the Pupusas... the combination in the best, order it well done, and ignore the cole slaw which is bland and boring (add some sugar and vinegar and it will be fine).
4	I decided to try this place after hearing about pupusas. I never had one and wanted to see what they were all about. All I can say is "where have they been all my life?"I had the pork carnitas and the GF had the cheese.Its a small no frills restaurant.Service was good and prompt.To those who have never had them, you must try!
4	My sister and I ate here and the food is classically Salvadoran. Yummy, low cost and authentic. We ordered: chicken papus, pork papusa, chicken tamale, seafood cocktail, sweet plantains, chicken taco and a cola champagne. Everything was tasty and we left totally stuffed. The bill was $21.
4	I come here JUST for the pupusas. For $1.75 on chicken, revuelta, chicharron, cheese etc. I only need two because it fills me up quick.I usually order over the phone and it's quick & convenient. Short review. Bottom line: just order the pupusas.
5	Oh. My. Goodness.  I have never had pupusas before, so now I don't have a basis for comparison, but now I wonder what I have been waiting for.  I ordered take out and my order came out quickly.  The staff members were both friendly.  I ordered two mixed pupusas (I asked the server what her favorite kind was) and an el pastor taco.  The total was less than $6... perfect for a student on a budget!  The taco was just ok in my opinion, but I am admittedly a bit stuck up when it comes to my tacos.  One thing I can say about the taco was that it was definitely packed and there was no skimping on the ingredients.  The pupusas are the way to go - I will definitely be back for more.
2	Service was blah and the beans were burnt. If you like pupusas, this place is great. Don't confuse this place with Mexican fare.  Again the pupusas were awesome!!!!!!
3	I spent the past 3 decades finding hidden gems in LA. Now, I have opportunities to explore Henderson / Las Vegas. Looking for a good substitute for that urge for Salvi food. The place had tinted Windows,  so don't be fooled, they're open. It's a small, cute spot that can fit 16 tables of 4. Best feature abt this place is the Window into the kitchen that overlooks the tortilla grill (center of restaurant).I ordered the Ensalada drink (a lightly flavored Apple juice with bits of chopped apples swimming in the drink), their Platanos plate that comes with frijoles & the part that saved the dish,  the Salvadorian creme. You can taste the plantains weren't ripe & had to be overcooked in order to get the right texture. If the plantains were ripe & sweet, that would MAKE the dish complete. And a couple of pupusas reveltas. Big plus was the fressness with the masa (dough), but lacked flavor in my opinion. I had to add salt to get more flavor other than the masa.Service: to justify, my experience was all around average. They were properly staffed. The atmosphere was welcoming and clean. Nothing too overly done since it's simple. No bathroom visit. Will likely return, but not my spot... Just yet.
5	EXCELLENT! I was looking for a small local and delicious restaurant with different menu items than the "regular food" I can get anywhere else. This place hit the spot! The staff was friendly the place was clean. I got there around 1015 and it only took about 5 minutes for my food to be done. I even ordered some to go and took it to my boyfriend! YUMYUMYUM! You gotta eat here (: oh and they make their own bread. Who could ask for more?!
2	Food was bland. Horchata was really spicy.I would recommend going to a different pupusa place.
4	I tried the pupusas, how did they get the meat and cheese in there?! They were delicious! I can't believe I've never had them before. The restaurant was very clean and the service was great. You can watch the cook make the food too.
4	I honestly found my new quick snack fix in Henderson!  Only $1.75 for a hot, delicious pupusa?! Seriously?  I'm there any day of the week!  Stop by here if you need a homemade, cheesy meal.  Oh and try their take out, it might be quicker
5	Very authentic! I was kind of scared to go in because it looks out of place where it is but i was very impressed with the food.  The pupusas are huge for only 1.75
4	I love their pupusas. I haven't tried anything other then that. The place is spacious for a group so I may have to bring people in. The lady behind the counter is nice too.
3	This restaurant was clean there was plenty of parking there's plenty of seating and the waitress was very friendly and the staff was very professional the price is very reasonable I had a taco which was ok tasting there was a plenty of it for a dollar 95 and it was fresh cooked my friend had the breakfast spicy eggs and ham and she said the taste was very good there was a large portion for the money I ordered two pupusas the bean cheese and chicken and the bean and cheese for the money there was a lot of food there but there was very little meat beans and cheese mostly tortilla and they were very greasy in my opinion this is a restaurant that offers a lot of carbohydrates for a very reasonable price so if you're hungry and broke this would be the place to go if you're looking for more substance and protein choose another restaurant
4	Excellent pupusas. Great prices and friendly service. You can even see into the kitchen to see them making the pupusas.
5	Great food! Great service! This is a regular go to for my husband and I!Anytime we have family or friends in town we make sure we take them here. They are never disappointed. Dine in or out. It's all good. I've never had an order messed up and you always get your moneys worth.
1	Used to be a good spot about 2 years ago but quality is very hit or miss now. Sometimes I get amazing pupusas, but more often than not I get completely dry, empty pancakes. Their horchata isn't as great anymore either. Also, twice in a row I've caught them inflating my tab (charged double tax first time and second time my check was somehow $5 more) and withholding my receipt, so be very careful when paying and make sure you get a receipt. I think from now on I'll drive a little more to not get ripped off.
4	We ordered the mixed chicken and revueltas (pork, beans, cheese) pupusas. YUM! I especially loved the pork ones.  We loaded them up with the slaw and sauce that came with, and they were awesome!  Two loaded pupusas had me more than full.  We ordered ours to go, and there was plenty of slaw and sauce. We didn't have to ask for more.  Definitely a fan of pupusas!!
2	If it wasn't because the food is good at this location i would of given this place a 1 star. i just called to order take out and the lady who answer (ines or irma) wasn't very nice. i was ordering pupusas and placing 3 different orders. i asked for the amount for each order i placed and she told me that each pupusa was 2 dollars. i asked her for the total and she told me she was busy. ummm i asked her to be nice...and she said that she had a line of customers and she didn't have time plus she was the only one in the restaurant. (even though i wanted to hang up and be rude i just said have a good day and cancel my order.) she was probably having a bad day
4	Great salvadorian food pupusas are good   and not expensive .... don't expect a 5 stars restaurant but the food worth  the money
5	Let me paint you a picture.....a mental picutre; I'm not Bob Ross (no matter how much I wish).  We had around and hour before we had to leave for a show just off the strip.  My wife picked La Pupusas.  I was worried it would be fairly packed cause it was around lunch time. I was wrong.  There was 1 other group in the resteraunt and we got our order in  right away.  They make the pupusas fresh to order.  I got the bean and cheese, and cheese and herb.  I loved the bean and cheese.  My wife enjoyed her chicken and cheese.  They're also pretty cheap.  Great place for cheap delicious meal.One tip.  You just go in and sit where ever you want.  Then they'll serve you.  We didn't know this, so we looked like tourist talking to the lady at the counter ordering and looking around like a couple of goofs.
4	Best Carne Asada burrito in town. The Pupusas are all made to order and are of excellent quality. The prices are reasonable as well. I took off one star for bad service I have received a few times when placing take out orders but the food itself makes up for it.
3	The food here is really good. I usually get the steak dinner and it is awesome. The pupusas are to die for and they're very filling. I also like the sauce that you can put on them. It's nice having a meal here and drinking a beer with it. We don't eat here in the summer though because they don't have air conditioning. It's a small restaurant and the grill takes up a huge part of it and it gets hot! We usually eat there in the winter time. That's why I took off two stars. Also they're reasonably priced just wait till it cools off.
5	Yummy.. Wanted to wait till I finished my last mixta pupusa... Nice staff here. Small hidden place next to Target... There made fresh.. They come with salsa and shredded cabbage. Ofcourse I asked for extra. Had enough for breakfast next day. Next trip out to Henderson I will stop by to this hidden gem... There a mix of Mexican and Salvadorian...
4	This is going to be short - I really love the papusas here! I have tried them all and I love them all! Get a couple of papusas, top them with cabbage salad and some spicy sauce and enjoy a quick dinner with Horchata. Sometimes I have three when I am a bit more hungry. P.S. I have read some negative reviews regarding service - I do not expect five star service for $2 papusas. The order takes time and I am fine with that.
4	best in town.  always go back for more.
4	Pretty good Pupusas! I ordered 3 bean/cheese and 3 cheese. I normally enjoy the bean/cheese the best but from here the cheese was bomb. They were super fresh but a little on the greasy side. The ladies were very nice and friendly. Prices were good about $2
1	I normally never give poor reviews. But this place was horrible. First when you walk in you expect it to be more of a hole in the wall than a nice dining room experience so I won't elaborate on the dirty tables and floors and lack of having a health department grade posted.But even if it was a complete dive, the food should be decent or at least edible.I tried this place out because of a recommendation from a Hispanic friend. I was anticipating great mexican food, but got a healthy dose of stingy, chewy carne asada and uncooked (raw ) round disks of dough ( which apparently are supposed to be tortillas.) the meat had no flavor and was full of grissle and tendons, the refered beans were more like refries bean soup and the rice was bland and lack luster. My fresh tomato on my plate had the sticker from the grocery store still on it ( gross.) I was completely appalled when I took my to go order back to work on my lunch break to find all This. So depressing since I spent 9 bucks on something I couldn't eat. Let's say I will NEVER go back and will NEVER recommend this Resteraunt to anyone! Ever.
