4	This is a classic old time NY style pizza place that has been around since the 70's.  The pizza is rather delicious and is available in either sicilian or thin style.  I wouldn't compare it to Pizzeria Bianco or Le Grande Orange as their offerings are more in the gourmet form, but if you are looking for something similar to a pizza joint found on the streets of NY this will hit the spot.  For an inexpensive lunch, you can get 2 slices and a drink for under $4.
5	Let me preface this buy saying not all pizzas are made to be the same thing.  Some are aristocratic in their presentation of flavors and imagery, some are plain and strait forward, and many are in between.Raffaele's is traditional simple NY pizza the way it is meant to be, nothing fancy just wonderful dough, great sauce, yummy cheese, and whatever you want on it.This is by far my favorite pizza joint, and at their prices it truly is "the people's pizza!"  If you enjoy really crispy delicious crust, you HAVE to try this delightful hole in the wall.
5	I've been going here since high school. This is the standard by which I compare all new york style pizza. This pizza is goooooooood! I rarely order a whole pizza but come here during the lunch special (11-2:30, I believe). It's hella cheap too. Everypne, I mean everyone I have try this pizza loves it. I always bring one of these babies to superbowl parties, big basketball games, etc. Ya gotta try it!
3	When I walked in today, I was immediately taken back to my days going to Washington High School, when we would go here for lunch and order the $3.00 lunch special, two slices of cheese and a drink. Every once in a while if my job at the car stereo store gave me a few extra hours, I'd splurge and get pepperoni.I remember it for being the best pizza ever.Today, just not the same. The $3.00 lunch special is no loger available, as WHS has a closed campus. The pizza is still the same as I remember it, with a slightly rubbery cheese, a great crust, and the perfect amount of sauce. This is what an old school NY pizza place should be. I do the garlic salt, oregano, and red pepper on my pizza and there is something about it that just makes me feel the ultimate comfort. Comfort is a tough thing for me to feel. I've never had the wings, or sandwiches, or pasta, or really anything other than cheese/pepperoni pizza here. It's really all you need to enjoy the place. Everyone I know that has been there has loved it, and to the same degree, everyone I know who hasn't, has talked crap about it. I give it 3, not because of the food, or because of the location, or the atmosphere, but for the fact that in comparison there really are better pizza places in town, and since I gave some of them a four, I guess 3 is all I can give this one.It's a great neighborhood pizza place.
5	Real NY pizza made by New Yorkers. Been my favorite pizza for years. Perfect crust, perfect sauce and perfect proportions of sauce and cheese. Absolutely satisfies the pizza craving. Tons of topping choices, including anchovies (my fave, not always available in Phoenix).It's a tiny storefront located vertically in a strip just north of Glendale before 19th Avenue. You can't really see it from the street. There are a few tables if you want to eat in and check out the menu. I've never eaten at the restaurant.If you're calling in an order, you'll immediately realize that most customers are regulars and know exactly what they want. They expect you to get down to the business of ordering right away; kinda no nonsense like a New Yorker. But if you ask for help and understand they'll need to put you on hold to take other orders, you'll get your questions answered. So save the airfare; get your NY pizza here!
5	I've been going to Raffaele Pizza since I was a 5 year old (18 now). My grandpa used to take me and speak Italian to Raffaele. Raffaele also used some cool Italian moves to outsmart some RAYS pizza guys who came into his shop and  pretended they knew the Italian language. (long story...basically rafi told them off in Italian and they smiled back and nodded [cuz they had no clue he was telling them to get the F*&% outta my store]) The place has never changed still has the wood paneling with the signed picture of Regan in the corner and the little casers/ pizza hut/ dominos comic that states where the other companies go to get their real pizza (Raffaele Pizza of course). The red hair lady will always ask "whaddu want" you say C and she'll say "one and one"  then punch the vintage cash register *ding* to bring up the total. This is the most REAL pizza in AZ its so GOOD and never gets old. I never go except for the lunch special, any other time and you'll be unlikely to see Raffaele or the red haired lady and you'll miss the soap operas and slices!I recommend the C on the lunch menu as you get a slice of cheese, Sicilian and a drink for under $5 it's such a deal, you also get to watch the soap opera on the tv in the corner.I love Raffaele Pizza!!!
4	I was shown this place back in the early 90s, and just ate here again for the first time in like twelve years.  Every single time, I've gotten the meatball and cheese sub.  Since I've moved to Chicago, I still have yet to find a place that made one like that.  The prices can't be beaten.  The old signed picture of Ronald and Nancy Reagan addressed to Raffaele himself is still on the wall, though the ink has worn considerably since I first saw it.  The ambiance is so everyman, and that really is how it should be, yet the place is a secret that every customer is in on.  It is all about the food.   The sandwich is still pretty much the same, but I think the bread was better back then.  It used to be a well baked bread, and if you grabbed the sandwich with both hands, a meatball would always fall out of it.  So I think the bread might be a bit different from then, but otherwise everything else is the same.  I was seriously stuffed after eating that sandwich, just like before.  I can't give an opinion on the pizza, because I've always had to have that sandwich, no matter what.
2	They use the manufactured sausage...... you know the little balls of joy.... sauce isn't bad..... This is a major pet peeve of mine. It must be stopped. Nothing drops the score more than the use of this. Does anyone remember La Palermo on 35th avenue and Bethany Home??? The best.  Their sausage was real. I'd drive 50 miles for that again.  The Sicilian at Raffaele's was just OK.
5	Have been eating their pizza since 1972. One of the best Sicilian pizzas in the country. Regular Pizza good but not great.They used to have great authentic Italian sausage on their pizza but switched to the round generic stuff a few years ago and that was a big disappoint for this Italian boy. Their sandwitches are also really really good and they do not skimp on ingredients. I will continue to eat their pizza/food as long as they do not change their recipes or start to skimp on their quality ingredients.
5	love it! They got one of the best subs here. Plus their pizza is always soo tasty.
5	This local pizza joint gets an A+ from me and my boyfriend. We are lucky enough to be neighbors with this place, and are impressed with it over and over again!We always order the Raffaele's special (which is a little steep at $20 for a large) but its always worth it. A down to earth local pizza joint that is consistent, friendly, and oh so yummy!
4	We went there tonight for the first time, based on the other reviews and high ratings.  We ordered a sicilian with half olives and half cheese (my daughter is still not so big on toppings).  Some folks mentioned the prices seemed high, but you get a heck of a lot of pizza for the price.  The sicilian takes about 45 minutes, so you might consider calling ahead.  But - man. Totally worth the wait. I haven't had a sicilian pie like that in nearly 20 years.  Perfectly cooked (some places give you a slightly undercooked pie), very good sauce, the right amount of cheese - and I appreciated being asked if we wanted a lot of olives (we did).  It was thick, a bit crispy, but somehow also light.  I absolutely loved it and it reminded me of the best sicilian pies back east.  I had to force myself to stop eating after 4 good-sized slices.I'm a little frustrated with myself for not coming in before, but I'm new to Yelp, so I just learned about it.Highly recommended.
5	I don't give five stars lighly. This is my first, and it's only for the delivery from Raffaele's because I have never seen the place in my life. We (my housemate Joanna and I) ordered a cheese Sicilian because we saw it on the menu and had no idea what that meant, and we wanted to find out. Sure, I could have asked the friendly phone voice, but that would have killed the adventure. What showed up at our door (held by a wonderfully cheerful gal in red glasses - sassy!) was a box full of bliss. 16 mounds of pizza each as big as a slab of lasagna. There was a slight kick to the sauce, the cheese was melty the crust was crunchy at the edges, light soft (but fully cooked) at the center. Oh man, was I in trouble... I made it through 3 pieces and then had to go lay on the couch and read a book. But it was so worth it. Mmmmm. All that, and they'll bring it to your door!
3	I have been going to Raffaele's pizza since I was in the 5th grade, I am now 48 years old. They used to have the best meatball subs and sicilian pizza and up to about 5 years ago there Italian sausage used to be the best also, but they changed that to the round processed stuff and now the sausage there is ordinary. I just ordered and ate a sicilian pizza from them on 4/11/11 and now it seems they have changed something in their sauce or are using a cheaper cheese as the taste is different and not as good as in the past. I know that they recently have had new owners and if they continue changing the recipe for there pizza, which used to be great, I will be going elsewhere. They used to be the best and now are just ok , to bad, I guess all good things must come to an end like Mr. Morts and Gemco.              Sammy D.
4	I dont why there is only 15 reviews. I really enjoyed this place. Everyone was super nice.. I ordered 12 wing and they gave us 24..(no extra charge) pizza was just the way I like it and they gave us two free sodas. Oh and they hooked us up with two huge containers of Ranch for our leftovers. Who are these guys..lol  usually i get charged $1 for a little tiny ranch..
3	Ordered the sic combo for lunch with a salad and drink. The deep dish slice was good, except the sauce was kinda weak in taste. The staff was friendly, the place got packed real quick. But not bad for $5.05.
1	I spent over 20 dollars for a what looked like pizza on the top of a biscuit and that's the way it tasted. The toppings were ok ,the sauce was tasteless overall I wouldn't return.
5	Hands down Best pizza I have conquered in AZ in 14 years, GO HERE and eat a cheese pizza. It reminds me of The NY pizza that I remember. Well done guys!
5	This is one of the best places to get pizza in Phoenix, there are only one or two others that I would buy a pizza from. I have been going there for years. And their sausage tastes just fine to me, at least there is enough to actually taste.
4	So far i have only tried it once. I'm new to the state and im glad all u yelpers helped me find this place. As soon as i saw it it reminded me of the pizzeria back home. The taste was identical too. I will def be calling back for more. The only one thing was they didnt arrive in 45mins like they said they would BUT it didnt bother me because i understand unlike the rest of the naggy ppl in this world.. Hello u aint the only person ordering they do have other customers that called before u. There are alot of other reasons they can have for not showing up in 45 min but its all worth the wait.
5	There is no better in Phx. This is a single store, mom and pop type pizza shop that has been successfully operating on the same intersection for at least 30 years! Obviously many people must like it. It has been a staple in my family for at least 30 years. I don't live in AZ anymore but visit this place every trip to the hometown. Their thin slice cheese is a New York reminder and the sicilian is awesome too. They have the best meatball and cheese sandwiches on the planet and I am not supposed to tell you how good thier unique sicilian sandwich is because they make them in limited quantities and if the word gets out, they will run out of them even earlier in the day and I'll miss out on getting mine when I drop into town.
5	We live in the neighborhood, pizza was excellent and the staff was exceptionally friendly, knew everyone by name..This is a great little place.  We'll be coming back soon.
5	Good stuff!!!
4	Went to Raffaele's Pizza based on wanting to eat near this location and from other great reviews on Yelp. The pizza was outstanding. Sicilian was out of this word, and the thin crust great too. That's all I had - the two pieces and some water. Yum, yum .. the best. I rated it four stars instead of five only because it's a very tiny hole in the wall that didn't have any atmosphere, and only had a few tables. Good thing I got there at 11:30 a.m., as it was packed very shortly after that. So, it's not really a place to take to impress a lady, but the food is good. I'll definitely go back, again and again.
3	This place used to to be so amazing, growing up I always went there.  While I was back in Phoenix I tried it to remember the good ole days, however the quality just wasn't the same anymore.  It's not bad, its just not anything special.  If your looking for great pizza at a good price I recently found a much better place which is close.  Pat's Pizza Plus on 12st and Glendale.  Their ingredients are much fresher, the cooks are real Italians and its a family owned restaurant, and you can taste the difference.
4	great pizza and wings, extra large portions
5	Always friendly, really good pizza at great prices!   definitely a must!
4	Fast, fresh, friendly, great subs and pizza!Sad that closed on Sun and Mon.
5	Love this place! Love the pizzas, fried zucchini and most of all the people. It is a must try for everyone!
5	In from cleveland...looking for good pizza, found raffaele's....loved it.  Great pizza and great service locked inside a dive of a strip center.
1	Service was bad.   Evening manager kept arguing with me over the phone that the Ham was on my pizza and he wasn't even there.  I ask for the Ham to be delivered separate and he refused.  I am sick with bronchitis and had to order out, but never from Rafaelles again.  The pizza tasted awfu!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I no longer live in Phoenix but every time I visit I get a Sicilian Pizza from Raffaele's. In Oct 2011 I had the lunch special just like we used to get in high school only now it is $5 instead of $3 and grabbed a pizza for take out on another night. Raffaele himself was there on the take out night even though the Aquino family sold the restaurant to long time employees in 2010 or so. I know many from my class at Washington (81) who have continued to eat here all these years and everyone agrees it is still wonderful. No ambiance at all. The restaurant is not the attraction. It is the food! Businesses don't stay open over 30 years if they suck. Do yourself a favor and eat at Raffaele's.
5	OMG...this place is AWESOME!! The pizza and wings were perfect!! The boys were nice and we most definitely be coming back.
3	This is my first visit to Raffaele's Pizza and wasn't sure what to expect from the previous reviews.  I Had a small Stromboli and while my first bite didn't wow me, eventually the flavor and taste grew on me quickly.  Maybe my palate was off this night but if I get to try another dish I will certainly write a follow-up.Ambiance is lacking but customer service seemed up to par and accommodating.  Nothing to dismiss this place for from other reviews.  Looking forward to trying it again.
4	Pizza is their strength.
4	The place was really close to getting a 5. But one thing was stopping me from giving it a 5. The bathrooms looked gross. But the food is spectacular! The pepperoni pizza was typical. The prices were really good!
4	This is what I call a true blue dive. The outside was very unassuming and we were a nervous to go in but the yelp rating is what got me to walk though the door. Inside the place is very old looking and not decorated too much. One thing I did see is a signed picture of Ronald and Nancy Reagan. Very cool. The owner took our order and was very nice. He helped us order and we got his lunch special instead of paying even more. I'm always a sucker for meatball sandwiches so I had to try this and plus this is a pizza dive so I had to try the typical thin crust pepperoni. I really enjoyed the meatball sandwich. Nice and hot and juicy. They put about 5 or 6 meatballs in the sandwich which gives your a nice bite every time. The tomato sauce was pretty good too. So the meatball sandwich passed my test. Yum yum. I also enjoyed the pizza. Crust was very good. So I enjoyed it. So they have thin and thick pizza crust. There were people coming in and out of this little place while we were there the whole time. Pretty impressive for a little pizza place. Only thing i didnt like was their air conditioning. It wasn't working very well and you had to go in the kitchen to get to the bathroom. Dirty bathroom but remember this is a dive. So not bad place. Pretty good...
4	On our frequent lunch visits to Tacos Atoyac, we have always seen this place sitting there, a few stores away, beckoning us to try it.  After the relative failure our previous attempt at trying a new NY style pizza place turned out to be, it took us awhile to build up the courage to try another one, but we finally did it.Raffaele's is somewhat of a dive, but we did note that at least they had air conditioning, unlike The Ol Whatever It's Called Pizza up on Peoria.  And the inside looked much cleaner.The have specials on both walls, and you will notice how ridiculously cheap they are.  I went with a Sicilian slice, six wings, and a drink for probably like $6.The wings were pretty decent.  Not the very best I've had, but I did enjoy them, and they didn't mess me up too bad inside.  If wings don't make my colon explode, I consider that an achievement.The Sicilian slice was excellent.  Probably the best Sicilian I have had outside of New York.  It's worth going here just for that - a lot of Phoenicians don't know what the Sicilian pizza is:  it is awesome.  If you haven't had one, this is a great place to correct that.This is certainly not the greatest restaurant in town.  It doesn't even have the best food in town.  But it excels at what it sets out to do: make a good New York style pie for a very reasonable price.
4	This place looks GHETTO! Seriously. Way ghetto. It's back behind a 7-11 and wedged next to a gun range (I think it's a gun range... it's a lot of people with guns at any rate)Walked in and there were a lot of people in there, there are places to sit but you have to go up and order at the counter.  The menu is up over your head and they also have ones on the counter for you to check out (there's a picture of the menu in the Yelp photos)They have lunch specials with two slices of pizza and a drink for under $5, and different variations of the combo for different prices.I got the Stromboli and a small (16oz) soda for around $8.50-- the stromboli (a small) was HUGE! and it tasted really good, and it comes with marinara sauce, and I can only imagine how big the large is... geez. I took half of it home and ate it for lunch the next day!Anyway, it looks like nothing special, but it's pretty good, weird area, and I would probably come back if I had a pizza craving or something.
2	We've been ordering from here for some time now and I'll be the first to admit that I do not like pizza. I will beg to order anything else before succumbing to peer pressure and dialing for pizza.That said, this is the only place I will order from. But when we order it has to be either a plain cheese pizza or pepperoni because if you order any other type it will taste dry and like it's been under the heaters for some time. Their wings are okay, way better than some chain place, the fries, though, always are a bit limp and greasy.The one thing that annoys me the most about this place is the delivery guy who also takes the occasional phone orders. He always sounds like he rolled out of bed wrong and has a complete attitude when delivering. Dude, if you were nicer, maybe you'd get a better tip. We'll keep ordering until the day we find somewhere else. We just wish the customer service was better.
5	I said it in another review: the mark of a great pizza is, it's BETTER the 2nd day.  Not, "hold's up", better.   This IS that pizza.  THIS IS GREAT PIZZA!!!  5 stars!                           FIVE STARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I always order the same pizza, no matter what: sausage, mushroom and onion, extra sauce.  God, this is such good pizza!  Crust: about the thickness of a nickel.  I pick up the pie and I put it in the trunk so as not to be tempted to slam a piece immediately.  First of all, it's so sloppy, it cannot work out well.But what I really want is to properly heat up the pie in the oven, perfectly crisp, hot, perfect.I can only tell you in the 5 or 6 times I've visited so far, it's been excellent every time.One last thing: it's a real bitch to find this place.  The entire northeast corner of Glendale and 19th Ave is a cluster-f anyway, but with the ligh-trail construction, it's just a mess!  Look, all I can tell you is: IT'S WORTH IT!
5	I lived near this restaurant for 11yrs and never once tried it. Today was my first time and I can say that the pizza and wings are awesome. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
5	I'm on my 3rd time of eating Raffaele's pizza,I give them 5 stars due to the outstanding customer service everyone gives at the place and for having the best pizza & wings that i have had in my life thus far. I would most definitely recommend this place to others in Arizona,its worth a drive or wait for delivery. 5 STARS FOR SURE!!!!!!!!! #TEAMRAFFAELES
5	So I got a Sicilian sandwich to go and when I got in my car with it I turned into this shameless ravenous girl and ate it before even leaving the parking lot. It was so cheesy and saucy and steamy and sweet and salty and meaty and...drool...I also captured this really nice picture of cheese oozing out but then managed to lose the picture. I have a feeling my camera was open on snapchat so it didn't save. And now all I have left are my memories.
5	You must try the honey gold wings!  They are BIG and saucy. You really don't need the dip. You won't stop eating them.
5	Tony and I have been touring pizza establishments for some time now in search of the "best pizza".  We even have a rubric for our pizza.   Raffaele's is a definite 10 and by far the very best pizza we have tried to date.  We are heading back there again tonight for more!  Can't get enough of the sicilian, freshly made NY style pizza with lots of cheese......and I'm from New York!  Keep it up Raffaele's!
5	Our favorite pick up pizza place. It's been here forever!  Recommended by a friend who lived over by Uncle Sam's on Shea but preferred to drive all the way to 19th and Glendale, so that tells you how yummy it is.
5	Love the pizza and wings , the place could use a paint job but I'm here for the food ,they down side is they are close on Mondays .
5	The Sicilian Sub here is to die for. It's made fresh right when you order. The dough is slightly crispy and soft when you bite into it and you don't want it end! I live in Surprise and still drive out to get this sub!
5	The best pizza place in the Valley just happens to be the first pizza my wife and I went to when we moved out here almost 11 years ago. The pizza is straightforward and delicious, the wings are sneaky good and the staff is great. If you're in the area, stop in - you won't regret it!
5	All my life I've been ordering dominos papa johns Pizza Hut until a few month ago I heard about this pizza place. Ever since then I haven't ordered from dominos papa johns. And I live all the way in Peoria I definitely will make that drive just to get some really good pizza and also they don't deliver on my side of town. And also it's hot in there id assume because of the big oven they have so id rather take it to go. And they have the best wings !
5	Came in for lunch, my wife and I got lunch specials. Chicken wings were great, went easy and got the honey bbq. And two deep dish Sicilian slices that are worth coming back for. Medium drink and under ten bucks. We will be going back here again.
5	Everything I've had from here has been great with one exception, the wings. The sauce was outstanding but the meat on the wings was meager and a little dry. Try the pizza (Sicilian or not, both styles are good) first, by the slice if you need to, then get a sandwich the next time.
4	Raffaele's pizza is splendid and so are the wings. I've only gotten take out or delivery; this isn't really a dine-in joint. They do a large cheese pizza and 20 wings for 20 bucks!~ That is a STEAL considering it is always over 30 bucks with less wings at other nearby places.The strip mall is ghetto and they don't have a website but the NY style pizza is worth picking up the phone for delivery.
5	I love this neighborhood pizza place.  The pizza is yeasty and bubbly crusted; foldable.  Amazingly good and fresh ingredients on a saucy cheesy piece of heaven.  It is right by home and i could eat here once a week - easy.
5	I ordered a large pizza cheese pizza and a bucket of wing. I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of wings I received. The wings were perfectly cooked and the ranch was amazing. The phone etiquette when I called was sub par but the service when I arrived was good. They wrapped the box of wings in plastic wrap which kept them warm and the sauce from spilling. They asked how I wanted the pizza cut. They had my order ready on time. I would definitely recommend.
4	I gave the shrimp dishes, but also fried even baked, it is really delicious. Outdoor seems to immediately become fully booked, but the room is okay if you go to the early time.
3	Great pizza and wings , the only down fall is the light rail construction , the place could use a paint job .
