4	Vino 100 is a chain of wine stores / tasting rooms that has been opening up across the country.  The goal of Vino 100 is to make wine tasting fun, informative and inexpensive.The first thing you need to get over is that Vino 100 is way up in Cave Creek.  I don't usually go all the way to Utah for drinks, but some friends of ours were throwing a charity wine tasting on a Friday night, so we filled up the car with gas and hit the road.  (Note:  Vino 100 isn't ACTUALLY in Utah.  It's about 15 min north of Desert Ridge).The store is very inviting, with wine from floor to ceiling and a bar in the back where they pour tasting samples of select wines (and beer!).  There are several tables throughout for you to sit with your group.  If you sample what they have to offer for free, you are served in a small plastic cup.  But, take that cup of free wine and start perusing the offerings along the wall.  Vino 100 focuses on smaller, lesser known vineyards and I didn't see a bottle that was more than $20.  Each bottle has a brief description, including a chart showing how dry, sweet, bold, etc. that it is.  Pick your bottle, have it uncorked and the fine people at Vino 100 will break out the big wine glasses.  Now, sit back with your friends at a table and feel like the big wheel that you are.  Drink your bottle (or bottles!) and then get up and make another choice.Vino 100 also helps with fundraisers, so you if you work for a worthy cause, give them a call.  On the evening we were there, every bottle purchased helped fund holiday dinners for needy families.  It's a great way to raise money for your cause.
4	Vino 100 means "100 wines for $25 bucks or less." What you should also know is....they are mostly boutique wines, not found elsewhere, and I notice they typically run around $15-17/bottle. And...my favorite part: the organization of the store makes finding the wines you like easy. Two wine walls on either side of the store: reds on one side, whites on the other. Pretty typical, right? Here's the secret: within the wall, wines are organized from "light" to "full bodied" - so it's organized by how the wine TASTES! It eliminates the intimidation factor when selecting wines (very few of us know which region, or even which varietal we prefer). And if you don't know what you like? They always have several wines open for tasting, so you can taste (for free!) to find what you like. They also have tables in there for meeting up w/ friends for a bottle or a few glasses...and you can order food from a nearby Italian restaurant, which delivers. Worth the drive? Yes.
4	Our group of 6 headed to Vino 100 for Mother's Day. While there was a mixup with the store about our reservation, the gentleman running the store that day was extremely accommodating and made sure our group had a great time and felt welcome. We were offered a cheese/cracker plate and had 4 tastings - 2 white wines and 2 red. The store is simple, but cute with a great seletion of well-priced wines. The staff was very friendly, as I said accommodating, and very knowledgeable - providing detailed information about the wines we were drinking, as well as about wine in general. Everyone loved the place and we'll definitely be back. Also a really fun way to celebrate mother's day.
4	Great place to go for a class of wine and a chat, and some music if going on. Awesome priced wine, tastings are fun. I would definitely go back again.
5	We've only been in a couple of times but so far it has been nothing shy of fantastic.  Very knowledgeable, and more importantly to me very friendly staff that seems to have found the right balance of helping out without being overbearing.  It seems like the vast majority of the wines are in the $12-20 range, and everything we've picked up so far has been great.  The small placards that give ratings for each wine (a sliding scale - very easy to interpret and very helpful) can help you pick a wine based on actual information rather than a price point/label/look/6th sense(?)/hunch/etc.  Like something full bodied and dry?  You'll find what you are looking for, and odds are Mark and Laura will help you.  They also have their picks of the week.We've yet to participate in a tasting, but visited last night during one (complete with cheeses and chocolates to compliment the tasting it appeared) but it is something we plan on doing in the near future.  While shopping around they even gave us a tasting of a red and white, both were great.The selection and presentation are top notch, but ultimately how friendly Mark and Laura have been will keep us coming back.
4	Went here with friends with a Groupon for a wine/cheese/chocolate tasting. I'm not a huge fan of heavy red wines, but the selection here was really good and I was able to enjoy most of the tasting. Our friends bought a bottle of wine and they chilled and opened it on the spot for us when we asked.The staff seemed very knowledgeable and the rating signs were helpful. They seem to focus more on smaller wineries and less on the well-known brands. Overall, someplace that we would gladly go again.
4	The places to sit down with friends and enjoy a few glasses of wine at an affordable price is limited in N. Phoenix. Although this place is a little on the cozy side; the staff and wine selection is very good. If you are in need of food, they do offer some small cheese plates but beyond that you'll want to plan ahead and eat before or after. Some nights they have live music too so that is just another perk. I'm on their email list and they regularly offer wine dinners if that is something you enjoy. It's worth a visit for wine lovers and for wine newbies... the staff will help you find a good wine if you need it. Oh yea, check the website because they have wine tastings regularly too.
4	Had a great time meeting friends here. Wine selection was fine not to large to scare a newbie away. Don't invite a lot of friends seating is limited.
5	Great, friendly place.  We had a fun filled evening with friends one Friday.  The music was great, the wine wonderful. Great selection of wines to please all tastes in a reasonable price range.  Down to earth nice people!  No wine snobs here! Go in for a tasting, and drink a bottle or two with friends.  Laura will take great care of you.
5	My favorite local wine shop....great people, great staff and GREAT wine! I think everyone should check it out...worth the drive to lovely Cave Creek!
4	This is a great little wine bar in north Phoenix.  One of the best things about Vino 100 is the owner, Laura, seems to know and remember everyone.  I went to buy a bottle one time, came back for the live music about a month later, and she knew me right away.  The customers come for the wine, the wine advice, the great cheese plates paired with flights or tastings, the live music and the company!  I have been to the live music nights, and never leave without having made at least one new friend.  This is a place to relax and enjoy the small and laid back atmosphere.  Not a wine snob locale...a place for the wine enthusiast!
5	How appropriate for Vino 100 to be my 100th review!  First and foremost the staff here is wonderful and they know their wines.  The bartender was good at making sure my wine glass was loaded and I was happy with the selections.  I asked for a white wine that was not really oaky or sweet and ended up with an amazing pinot grigio...I love Italian wines in general and they picked it for me without even knowing that!  There was also a gentleman playing tunes in the background; I did not catch his name but it was very pleasant background noise.  The patrons are friendly and I left with a bundle of business cards from the many interesting people I met!  If you are looking for a full meal this is not the place, but I had the cheese plate to nibble on and I must say it was a pleasant surprise!! The aged New York cheddar was amazing, and the smoked Gouda was great if you like smoked cheese, and the lavender quartz cheese was visually unique but much milder than it looked.  It was truly perfect to go along with the wine.  You don't have to worry about breaking the bank here either (some wine bars can be steep!); I think glasses range from $6-9.  If you are looking for a fun, entertaining evening at a quaint charming spot with great wine, pleasant patrons and staff for a reasonable price,  I HIGHLY recommend Vino 100!
5	I'm so glad my hubby and I decided to stop by and check this place out. Laura who is one of the owners was very welcoming and pleasant. We had a couple of flights and were very pleased. The wines Laura carries are very reasonably priced and unique. She is very knowledgeable of the wines she has in her shop which makes the experience all that much better.
5	Our favorite local wine bar hang out...especially when Dan Emrey plays!  I hold events here often as well and Laura is always so gracious in participating in any fundraisers or community awareness gatherings.  Their wine is affordable and if you don't know much about wine - they will teach you without being snobby.  We LOVE our Vino 100!
5	What a great time! For my birthday my husband and I redeemed a $20 Groupon for a Wine and Cheese tasting and $10 off the purchase of 2 bottles of wine. I'm glad we made a reservation, it was still early at 5:30, but it was Friday and within the hour the place was filling up. Laura was very friendly and explained the concept as she set us up at a tasting table. After a while a gal showed up to give chair massages, another plus for me!After our tasting we bought our wines and mentioned we were going for sushi next store. So that we wouldn't store our wines in the hot car, Steve offered to hold our purchase behind the counter while we ate. When we came back an hour or so later, the place was really hopping!I really like that the wines were affordable and from around the world. They also had a small selection of beers and bar accessories. All around it's a nice place!
4	Always a great place to enjoy a glass of wine while beating my hubby at a game played on our iPads via wifi!
4	Nice place to go for a glass of wine and a chat, and some music if  its going on.  .We were there for the Mary Hoffman event which was great.Awesome priced wine, tastings are fun. I would definitely go back againThe staff was friendly and helpful.
5	I love Vino 100 Laura is amazing.  All the wine I ever get is great and she really listens to what I like and I always love every bottle.  She even delivers to me and to my clients when I want to send them gifts.
4	This is a keeper. Wine tasting, wine by glass, lovely small dishes for cleansing the pallet. Comfortable, friendly. Great meeting place with a friend to catch up, chat, and enjoy great wines.
3	Visited 5/25/13We visited for the music event by Ron Matthews.This is a quiet little wine location. Great for experience a quiet setting while having a bottle of wine.  They have a very limited food menu but do allow you to bring in your own food, which we did.  (See Number One Brothers Pizza Review - in same center.)Their pricing for bottles of wine are very reasonable. They did not charge a corkage fee.This is not in my area of travel so would only likely return for another special event.  But it is a nice location and opportunity to experience some nice priced wine and music.
4	We had a groupon for the Wine & Truffle tasting.  Prior to eating and drinking, we looked around the store a bit and they seem to have a lot of unique items.  The wines were good but I was disappointed that we got half a truffle per wine sample.  They gave generous pours which was awesome but highlighted the fact that there wasn't much chocolate.  Prior to the tasting, we ordered the cheese platter.  It was tasty enough but seemed somewhat pedestrian (If I can duplicate it with a trip to the grocery store, it's pedestrian).  The live music was nice.
5	Wine and truffles were great, need to be on the  menu permanently! Very friendly and knowledgeable staff. Great select of wine with good prices. Will be back soon for more tasting!
5	I have gone in numerous times. Great selections and customer service is exceptional!
5	What a great little spot!  Came here with my sister to use a Travelzoo deal that included 4 wine tastings, a cheese plate and $10 off a $25 purchase.  The staff is super friendly and knowledgable.  Almost like you were hanging out in their home.  We used the $10 off when we bought two bottles of wine that were recommended to us.  Also found out you can hold tasting parties there, which would be fun!  Looking forward to going back!
4	Cute little shop. Very friendly owner and staff. Amazing deals! 100 wines. $25 or less. We've made some great finds and joined their wine club which gets us discounts off their already low prices. They also carry some wine related accessories and serve snacks like cheese plates (not as good as my homemade ones but still). Seems to have a lot of locals from the neighborhood that hang out regularly. Not that I know them.
5	Best wine bar in Phoenix!! I stopped by after grabbing some BBQ and it is such a relaxing and cozy shop. We weren't sure what type of wine to get, so the owner stopped by to give us some recommendations. He introduced us to an awesome wine and we enjoyed it while listening to some live music. I think the best part of it all is how affordable it is. You can really enjoy some unique wines and have a great time with your friends!! Make sure to give it a try
4	A friend of mine comes here all the time and if you read my other reviews you know I'm a beer guy. Laura carries different beers and every time I am there, it's always a new flavor for me. I also wanted to thank Laura for being generous to some of the charities I am involved with, She has hosted a few fundraisers and they are always a good time. My friends come and buy wine there and are never disappointed.
5	Brilliant place to try new wines! The owners are very knowledgeable and patient when it comes to selecting the perfect wine for you and explaining different tastes to you! 5/5, I wish Phoenix would have more great tasting rooms like this one!
5	A few of my friends invited me to join them one night as they went wine tasting; I don't drink, but the amount of fun I had at this wine bar blew my mind. The best parts of the night really were the familial atmosphere with which the owners greeted us, the homey feel of the place, and the live music and performances.1. Staff- I can sincerely say that the staff here are some of the kindest, most welcoming people that I have ever met in my life. We had a group of 4 and there weren't any private tables left, but even without us asking, the owners kindly shifted some of the other (regular) guests together so that we could have our own spot. They also spent some time personally guiding my friends through the specials of the night. 2. Homey environment- When I was there, chairs and tables were staggered throughout the store, and a band was standing cozily in the corner. On all the surrounding walls were wines that served both as really cute decorative pieces, and also drinks that customers could choose. The owners helped with this homey environment a lot, too, making casual conversation with everybody and being really great hosts. It was almost as if we were at a nice dinner party at their house.3. Interactive performances- The group that was performing that night had excellent musical tastes. They played great older songs, and sped it up at times, too, with a few more popularly recognizable pieces. At one point they gave us all maracas and had us join them in their fun.Vino100 really exceeded my expectations on what a wine bar is. Whether you are looking for an intimate night out or a more casual, interactive evening with friends, I highly recommend it for all.
