5	Yup, this might be one of my new favorite stores in CLT. Open & airy space, super polite and helpful staff and purty clothes, jewelry and shoes...bevello has got it going on. As I was perusing up and down the streets of Phillips Place I stopped in my tracks when I saw bevello. I had heard from a friend how much she adores the store in Ballantyne so I trotted right in to take a look see. Here's my beef with Charlotte fashion...it's either highly replicated mall goods or uber expensive. Ann Taylor and Banana Republic get a bit old and, yo, I can't shell out $250 for one silk top. Thus my search for quality pieces at (at least) semi-affordable prices. And thank you bevello, you complete me. With brands like BCBG, French Connection, Dolce Vita, Tom's, Hudson, Tart, Laundry, Sam Edelman and more, price points aren't catastrophic. Most tops were $40-$120, jeans $150+, shoes $70-$150, accessories $20-$60 and dresses $75-$200. Now, I'm not saying these are Target prices, but I purchased a lovely summer top for $50. I can swing that. I know I'll be back to bevello very, very soon. It's a wonderful addition to Phillips Place!
5	Today was the first time I've had the pleasure of shopping at Bevello and I highly recommend stopping by if you are in the market for something really special.  I feel like a lot of "boutiques" in Charlotte sacrifice quality to make rent in the expensive shopping centers & they all happen to have the same redundant designers; but that is not the case here.  All quality garments but the accessories were mediocre.  A little pricey but it's relative.  2 shirts = $168... however, they are my favorite pieces in the vault.  Super sweet sales assistant told me they get new stuff in daily.
5	awesome! i am usually not a huge fan of boutiques. i am a big bargain hunter and those can be hit or miss. However I was in the market for a dress and did Bevello come through. They had several great options to choose from all budget friendly. When I say friendly under 100 and that was not on sale. They gave me heels and accessories to make sure I knew how it would all look and it was not a pressure situation. I bought the perfect emerald green dress sight on scene. Thanks Bevello! I will be back actually probably next week to pick up those earrings you showed me :)
5	Okay-  had to re-review after visiting last week.  They updated the jewlery section and have added gorgeous pieces that are super affordable.  Great new silky blouses... I cannot stress enough how glad I am this store moved into Philips Place!
5	LOVE this store! I have been visiting the Birkdale Village location for a long time, and was excited when I found out they opened one much closer to me in Phillips Place.  This boutique has fabulous clothing and accessories, at GREAT prices!A dress on the mannequin caught my attention immediately when I walked in- assuming it would be on the higher priced end (since it was displayed) I avoided it at first...only to find out it was $68! not to shabby!Their price points are great and the girls who work there are super friendly and helpful- they tell you honestly if what you are trying on might not be the look for you-of course in a tactful and friendly way...(wonderful when shopping alone!)I will always shop at this store!!
5	I absolutely love Bevello. They have a unique selection unlike other boutiques in the area. I found some great earrings, dresses and tops in here. I am constantly in there checking out new stuff. As other reviewers said this is a must see!
5	I had the pleasure of an opportunity to attend a private shopping event at Bevello.  They offered our group a discount and dedicated shopping assistants, as well as wine and snacks from Dean & Deluca! We had the whole store to ourselves and it was so much fun.The prices are great, the store layout flows nicely, and the employees are super helpful.  I can't wait to shop here again!
2	Well at first I was very pleased at the Birkdale Village location....then tried to take back a pair of shoes I bought 3 days ago.  Never wore them & was told their sign that says "no exchanges or credits on accessories" includes shoes.  Could they not have spelled that out a little better?  Was offered the same type of shoe in a different size (which didn't help because these particular shoes just don't fit my feet).  Pleasantly complied but was still told "try & remember for next time that we have no credits/exchanges on accessories".  Ummm okay that comment right there just lost me as a customer.  Too bad!
