3	I don't know what it is about Longchamp but their stuff doesn't seem to change much in the last 2 decades. I had a classic Longchamp tote about 15 years ago and when I was cruising the Forum Shops for my handbag, I stopped into the store and it was just amazing that their stuff remain unchanged.The leather handbags still retain the classic look and the totes are exactly the same as they used to be: that canvas type of material with leather handles.Not enough to excite!
4	Here's the thing, when your lady friend says she's going shopping in Vegas you better bring all the money you won last night at the craps table with ya because if she hits any of the stores in this mall, you and your winnings will soon be separated!That being said, I do love the Longchamp bag she bought and I was even tempted to pick up a new wallet while I waited for her to finish shopping.Amazing service and great selection, as expected.
4	True, how can a nylon looking bag can be so expensive...that's what I used to think about Longchamp bags.  However, after seeing my friends carrying the bags for functional purpose, stuffing the bag with their laptop, books, etc, I decided that I want one for Christmas.I dropped by Longchamp store on Tuesday afternoon to exchange my Planetes bag for a size up.  The staff were very helpful and friendly.  It was a no-hassle exchange.  The bag is very durable and serves more for functional use than for looks.  When I am in need to a wallet, I will return.  But for now, since the wallet is almost the same price as the bag itself, that can wait.
5	Great customer service. Great selection. Friendly Sales Associates.
5	Service was great here. The asst. manager helped me and I could not be happier. I will place future orders from this location to be shipped to me. Thanks again.
4	I think the Le Pliage totes are overpriced but I was tickled to see that some of their Le Pliage totes were going for about $30 below retail which is nice because they are overpriced to begin with.This store is pretty nice. If I feel like dropping $200 on a purse or so I wouldn't mind going here. The atmosphere is quite pleasant.
