4	In case you're wondering, my favorite sales associate, Samantha, works here at Performance.  And if you ask her, she'd say that I'm her favorite customer (unless she's just patronizing me).  I've been here on many occasions, and am always greeted upon entering the premises.I purchased one of their bikes (Scattante is their brand name) during a huge sale, and walked away with a rather nice deal.  Another great bonus is the Performance club, where you get 10% back on anything you buy, towards store merchandise.They have a great selection of biking shoes, including my current favorite brand: Sidi.  These shoes fit like a glove, but that's probably because they are crafted from fine Italian leather.And they stand by their product.  I returned a defective headlight, and Nate (whose face recently became acquainted with a mountain trail) traded me up to a better item at no charge.And if you happen to catch Glenn, ask to see his urban assault bike.  Very impressive and not for the faint of heart.
1	Terrible....TERRIBLE!  Zero customer service.  "Dan" (manager?  service manager?) was particularly unhelpful.  If they don't want to provide customer service they should stay in the mail order business.  Try Landis, Slippery Pig or Focus for service.  Buy parts at Beyond Bikes, Jensen or Chain Love, forget these bozos......
5	I'm just getting into triathlons, and have been putting off buying a road bike for quite some time.  I'm scared of road bikes.  Those skinny tires, 2000 parts, having my shoes stuck to my pedals, fancy shorts with padding....all that intimidates me.  BUT, yesterday, I decided it was time to get over it and buy a road bike.  So off I went.....First stop, Landis.  I was not impressed with how I was treated AT ALL.  See review. But then.......I stumbled upon Performance Bike.  I entered, began looking around, and soon after Jana came over to ask if I needed help.  I let her know I was in desperate need of a road bike that's women specific and around $900.  She showed me a couple, and then......a gorgeous Fuji that was on sale for $899 from $1539.  Woo hoo!  She sold me on it, and then helped me find accessories.  She was patient with all my beginner questions and shared my enthusiasm in starting out road biking.  Jana then took the bike and installed my clip pedals and water bottle holder....even walked me out to my car, showed me how to take off the front tire, and helped me load it up.  I had a great experience, not at all intimidated, and look forward to coming back for more accessories and service.  Now, I just need to get up the courage to head out on some rides!  :)
4	These guys are great.  Friendly knowledgeable, and without the bike snobbery found at other stores.  If you buy something from them and it breaks or you have any problem with it they will take it back  and advise you on a product which may suit you better.Overall, I feel like these guys really care about my ride and are very encouraging.  I only wish they would have a group weekend morning ride.
2	The prices at performance are tough to beat, as for the rest of it, I'd shop elsewhere.  This is a fine bike shop for entry level riders and I'll stop by for some of their deals as I can't find a better price on Clif bar and Shot Blocks when they run specials.  For serious bike purchases, I would certainly look elsewhere.  It is too bad that Landis' service isn't good because their bike line up is considerably more worthy of serious riders/racers.  If you want personable service and high quality products in this area, I would recommend SMC or Curbside.  Performance is worthwhile for their nutition, especially during their deals, and some of their clothing especially helmets.  The shop specials can reward you with an occasional nugget, but beyond that, I'd stay away.
5	I have been back many times for maintenance, a fit, clothing, spare tubes, gels, etc. and have had a great experience every time!  The owner  (or manager, not sure) will go out of his way to make sure each customer is satisfied.  Love them!!
5	Yes, Performance Bike is a chain, and generally I'll go to any length to support my local bike shop, but sometimes you have to do what your wallet tells you to do. I don't think anyone in town can beat PB's pricing. I was surprised when I first went in here how big this place is and how much inventory they keep. It's staggering really. I actually had to make two visits before I made a purchase, and two different salesmen helped me. Both were great, and it's nice they aren't on commission because they seem like they really want to get you into the right bike for you. Cool!So I'm a very experienced mountain biker, but I wanted to get a road bike and I didn't want some cheap ass big box bike with awful components. My mountain bike is built as a Cross Country race bike so it's probably faster on pavement than a cheap road bike anyway. I didn't know crap about road bikes when I went in here, and these guys were very patient and explained everything to me from the beginning up. I ended up purchasing a leftover '09 Fuji Roubaix from a sales guy named Matt. He was so cool... helped me stuff the bike into a BMW 3 series coupe (hard btw) and helped me do a lot of extra stuff. The service here is great. They don't do a lot of really really high end stuff, but they do sell Fuji, GT, and their house brand Scattante. Those manufacturers do make high end bikes, but they aren't the most amazing fantastic top of the line machines. I love their service, their low prices, and the fact that I got a $1,500 bike for $899... woo.
4	This is my husband's go to place.  The sales staff is always willing to talk bikes with you and I've never felt out of place going in.  I'm a large women and sometimes people can be standoffish but there they encourage you to take the steps to riding a bike.  Today they even helped fix my husband's wheel.
1	First off let me say that the management there was very helpful in trying to fix my issues with their service. And there is where the good ends. I had 3 bikes "tuned up" and serviced there. I live 5 miles from the shop and to pick them up as I could find a ride there, and ride them home. The first bike I picked up had a flat tire, and the back tire was on crooked. Amateur hour. After complaining to the manager, I found they had missed some some other things as well. The 2nd bike I picked up was fine, but then again, they really didn't need to do anything to it besides the "tune up", so not much praise can given there. I just went to pick up the 3rd bike today, and after riding 2 blocks towards home, the whole back wheel came off the drop outs. None of my gearing was shifting correctly either. I spent $200 (should have been $300, but was given a discount due to the first bike not being done correctly). I'm truly wondering what I paid for. I have been a long time customer of Cactus bikes, but after being convinced to try these guys out, and due to convenience of location, I gave them a shot. Big mistake. They did offer to let me drop the bike back off and let them try again, but I would rather spend another $50 somewhere else then let these guy's touch my bike again. The bike mechanic was very rude, and I witnessed him also being rude to another customer while picking up my 2nd bike. Again, the management was great, but they really need to take a look at who they having working in service, before they lose more customers. Thankfully I was on the sidewalk when the back tire fell off, and not in the bike lane, as this could have had a tragic result. If I can't count on my wheels being put back on correctly and aired up, I surely can't count on anything else being done properly when it comes to the service side. My advice - save your money and time and go somewhere else
4	Certainly one of the best bike accessory shops in the east Valley. If you're looking for a bike, try Global Bikes (or one of the other excellent independents around the valley) - but if you're looking for bike gear from shoes to shorts, Performance is hard to beat.
4	After being dissapointed by Global Bike throught th year with a disapointing Specalized rockhoper 29er and ther maintance, my friends said to give Performance a try. They have 2 bike from there and my wife and i got a smoking deal on 2 bikes. Lance was great at helping us fing our first road bikes. threw in shoes for her and pedals for me. Tried out many bikes making adjustments on the same bikes many times just for test rides. Havent delt much with the mx dept but when i did they were very helpful.
4	I have always liked this place... for most things the prices are good - especially with the sales. The store employees are always very nice, and very helpful. No arrogance that is often found at many other bike stores
5	I purchased a bike at Performance today and would call the service I received exceptional.  This is my first purchase of a new and updated road bike which is very different from the 70's version I was riding.  The sales associate answered all of my questions, explained everything in terms that I could understand and was very patient with me.  If any of my friends asked where to go I would send them here to purchase a bike or any other gear they may need.
5	Sending out a sincere word of thanks to the great folks at Performance Bike at Ray Rd. & Kyrene / Chandler. I took a nasty spill this morning that totally mangled the rear derailleur, twisted the chain, bent the rear wheel out of alignment and chewed up the shifter cable. With just 10 days left until the San Diego International Triathlon, I need this bike to roll! Thank you Clint for your quick, friendly and professional service.  And thank you Todd for the Professional Tune-Up you did just one week before my wreck, ouch!  And thank you, Lance for obvious pride of ownership to provide excellent customer service.  These guys are GREAT!  Within 4 hours, my bike was totally restored! Now, just as soon as my body heals, I'll be back on the road and will do my best to keep the wheels on the ground!
5	Shout out to Lance, Jeff & John for helping me with my bike yesterday!TOTALLY went above and beyond in the service dept.!!!!Had a great ride today thanks to them!!!
5	I just purchased a new bike for myself and my daughter and the service was great.  This will be my new bike store.
5	I got a bike from here about a year ago. I had a flat tire and the guys came to my house to fix my flat tire! The service is outstanding and I would highly recommend buying a bike from here! Great knowledgeable staff!
5	Friendly staff and great specials
5	Bike time! I bought a great bike here and the customer service was amazing. Jason took the time to help with any and every question I had. I had asked for thorn resistant tubes to be added and they were really fast with the installation. Will continue to come here for all of my biking needs.
5	Let me start by saying I cannot ride a bike. My physical disability in my legs don't allow me. For long distance walking, standing, etc, I use a wheelchair. My wheelchair  just like bike tires, air filled, etc. Well, I had a flat this week. I went to another shop in Chandler and I have ALWAYS been disappointed with this other shop. Just not friendly, and always expecting me to "know things" already. Well, this other place didn't have my tubes but had some thinner ones that would work, but risk of going flat easier. I got them, I needed my chair! That was Wednesday 11/27. I used the chair twice. Once indoors, and then today 11/29 to wheel 1/4 a mile. BOTH went flat as quick as you can say FLAT. So upset. So I looked for a new place. I found this place and decided to give it a try.From the second I walked into Performance, me and my partner were greeted with smiles, took their time to direct me where I needed to go. I met Jason in the service department. He took AMAZING care of us! He answered all our questions, didn't rush me, didn't make me feel stupid for not knowing all about wheels and tubes, and helped get exactly what I need, and EVEN something better so help better protect me. I spent LESS $$ here, got something BETTER than the other place. I am SO thankful to have found such a great place willing to help me out and deliver awesome customer service. I may not be able to ride a bike, but I WILL recommend this place to everyone and I WILL be back to have my wheels services here!!
5	I visited several shops in the east valley and found Performance Bicycle to have the best selection, but their customer service was the most impressive.  Jason answered all my questions, no matter how basic-- and always had  a helpful attitude..  He suggested bicycles that were exactly what I was looking for.  I have back issues so I tried them all out until I could find a bike that will work for me. Jason was patient and understanding throughout the process.  Thank you, Jason.  I really love my bike!
5	I haven't ridden a bicycle since I lived in Europe in the early 1990's.  Thanks to Jonathan P, I'm back to riding!  Jonathan was able to make expert recommendations based on my budget, fitness goals, safety concerns... and a million other items I had on my check list!Jonathan went above and beyond when the ideal size model of the bike I really wanted wasn't in stock at the Ray Road location.  He contacted another store, went to pick it up in his car, and called me the next morning that I could stop by and pick up MY new bike!!  Jonathan walked me through all the details of what I'd need to start riding again.  He even helped me find and fit the perfect helmet!  The great guys in the shop attached my kick stand, and water bottle holder, and Jonathan made sure my front and back lights were positioned properly.The icing on the cake was when Jonathan taught me how to take the front wheel of the bike off, and then loaded it into my car for me!  Excellent advice from bike experts, and OUTSTANDING service!!  Thank you!!!
5	I went to Performance Bikes to check out the road bikes. First day I met Dillon who helped out with fitting couple bikes. Few days later when I went to purchase the road bike I met Diana, who herself is a road biker. She is really technical and understood my needs and got me a great deal on an awesome bike! She got the bike ready with bottle cages installed, stem replaced with a shorter one to fit my height, and free water bottles. She also educated & helped with purchasing bike gear - shoes, cleats, gloves, etc and Lance got me great discounts. Later Dillon helped me load the bike on the car which included installing the bike rack on car's trunk. Considering I have never ridden a road bike before, I rode 36 miles the first day. The bike was very comfortable & riding it was a sheer joy.I'm very impressed with the people at Performance Bikes, they are very friendly & knowledgable.
4	This is a good bicycle shop, but the customer service is what makes them shine.  Decent prices and specials as well.  And, it's right next to Jersey's where you can get a 1/2 lb Angus Burger w/fries for $4.99!  Nothing wrong with that!!!
5	My husband and I have been going to Performance for years. They have really stepped up their customer service and are very personable. The whole sales staff really made us feel welcome. They discussed their return policy which is unheard of in most bike shops. If you don't like it, bring it back. They are all about the customer satisfaction even after you use or wear it!  Finally, a bike store that gets it!Lance was awesome. The staff made purchasing my husband's new bike easy without any pressure. He had assistance  with finding cycling shoes too. They carry wide sizes for cycling shoes as well which is really helpful if you have a wide foot. He was given some suggestions from the staff about shoes and they allowed my husband to make his own choice, which was very refreshing. We have been in numerous bike shops that you feel pressured into buying something you don't want to buy.  If you have them order a bike for you online, they will put it together for you for free, along with free shipping to the store. You can't beat that either! Performance is about quality, customer service, and satisfaction guaranteed. They get it!!
5	I bought at this store 2 bikes, various accessories and got 2 old bikes serviced. Their staff is great. Kelly, who works there on Sundays, helped my wife and I both times we bought bikes. She was pretty knowledgable and spent with us close to 2 hours while we were trying different bikes. Their prices are pretty good and they have a very large selection of bikes and accessories. All the staff were patient and did not push us to buy anything. When we told them our budget they stuck to it.I highly recommend buying their membership, because it gives 10% of all purchases in store credit for future purchases. I would buy a bike and then come back the next day and buy accessories and service so I could use the free credit for them. From 2 bikes I got over $200 in free stuff.Highly recommended.
5	I absolutely love this bike shop. I bought my bike here a little over a year ago. Today I took it in because it hasn't been ridden for a while. The service department checked it out and got it back to me in 20 min in perfect riding condition. The staff was probably the best part. Extremely helpful and great personalities. Always a top notch experience.
