1	After an 8 month battle with Cancer my wife lost her battle. I made arrangements with Mcdermott the morning she passed. She passed that same evening and the owner came by his self and I introduced myself as the deceased husband and asked for 2 minutes to say good bye I did that and returned and he was gone without ever saying a word to me, the point of contact. They wanted family members to help carry the body and the viewing room can only have 3 people. He discussed this with the mourners and not me. This forced me to have the hospice nurse notify a good mortuary and say good bye to my wife a second time. I'm very happy with Desert Memorial. Everything happens for a reason and if they were that disrespectful to my wife before they had her who knows how they would of treated her when she was in their care. The worst part of this is they never apologized they made it seem as if it was my fault.
4	After grandma passed away at Nathan Adelson hospice, we had to decide whom to use within a few hours. We didn't really have a clue as we didn't get quite that far, didn't expect her to go so fast. I know most people don't write about or research these services, but I'm all about the "more you know". It made me think I should probably write myself a contingency plan should I go unexpectedly.I called around for information to several crematories so that my MIL didn't have to. Based on competitive rates, a personal recommendation from our nurse and that it was a small business not a mass chain, we went with McDermott. We did not stay for their pickup of her body, but the nurse says they're within the hour. I don't want to see that and neither did my fiance or his mom so I have no idea what that is like. The next day we all trekked over for my MIL to sign the paperwork needed. We were in a small, pretty simple office with a table, not funeral parlor like with models of caskets and urns strewn about. I kinda prefer it this way, not the whole sales show room type place. I am not sure if they have a viewing room as we weren't having services or wanting to say goodbye again when she would be looking really dead. It's a husband and wife team and on the phone and in person we dealt with the wife side of the partnership. She was pretty pleasant and the process went as simple as it could be. Grandma passed on a Wednesday, signed paperwork on Thursday and she was cremated on Friday which was her birthday (and my MILs so we celebrated for both of them), and Saturday morning she was home. We like efficiency since my MIL is a bit skeeved out by the idea grams was in a refrigerator and just wanted it done with so that she wasn't in limbo. I can't speak for traditional burial services, but for cremation this place is great.
5	I was so appreciative of the responsiveness and compassion of this family-owned operation in handling my mother's after life wishes. It was very difficult for my Dad and I to go through this process, but the McDermotts made it as easy on us as possible. They thoroughly explained everything, took care of the arrangements in a timely and professional manner, and even delivered the paperwork and my mother's remains to my father.I also want to mention that the pricing was more than fair. We selected the direct cremation package (no viewing or fancy urn, since we plan to scatter Mom's ashes per her wishes). It included transport of Mom's remains from hospice to the facility. We were grateful for this service.I also appreciated that no one tried to upsell us on anything. Everything was handled very carefully and professionally.
