5	Went here in July with colleagues; was surprised it was not listed on Yelp!  So, this is my first time to add a new restaurant for others to discover.  The food was excellent.  And the star of the experience was the unique approach of dual wine pairings - one which is an expected match (the accord) and an unexpected match (the discord).  Everyone enjoyed their food, the staff was quite cordial and the wine was, indeed, a nice fit to the culinary experience.    Check this place out and be one of the first Yelpers to see what you've been missing.
5	Amazing location, fabulous terrace and wonderful service (not to mention, a rockin' wine list. ) Loved this place so much during my last visit that I went twice: once for lunch and once for dinner. The fish was cooked to perfection and the desserts were out of this world.  One of the nicest terraces around.
5	Had an excellent experience at Accords when I visited Montreal this summer. Our concierge at the Marriott Chateau Champlain recommended this place saying it wasn't too expensive (after going all out at Au Pied de Cochon the previous evening, I was looking to give my credit card a break) and mentioned the wine pairings, and my lady and I were in. When I checked the menu beforehand I was surprised at her definition of "not too expensive," but I have no issues shelling out $ for good food. As a price measure we skipped apps and started with mains as wine pairings (as others have noted each dish is paired with an accord - classic wine combination, and a discord - a pairing that still works, but its a little funky, meant to get your taste buds working). I would recommend getting half glasses of both the accord and discord (I actually preferred my discord with my fish). The lady got the Surf & Turf, lobster, lobster stuffed pasta and seared sweetbreads (she liked the sweetbreads until I told her what they were [mistake!]). I got the Pomo Dore, seared pike w/ tomatoes, clams and mozzarella.  Both dishes were beautifully presented and perfectly composed. The broth in my fish was superb, and the wine pairings really brought my food to a new level. I must admit, though I dine out quite often, I was never much for wine pairings, thinking concept a bit contrived. After Accords, I'm on board.At the (excellent) recommendation of our waiter we shared the San Domingo Dingo, a chocolate and cherries dessert w/ black forest ice cream that was expertly paired (thanks again, mr. waiter) with a delicious dessert wine. All in all, a great experience. Fresh food, clean flavors, pretty plates and good service. Ambiance on the outside terrace was relaxing, romantic and not too pretentious. A great date night/white tablecloth place in Montreal to counter funkier spots like Garde Manager and Au Pied Cochon.
5	Absolutely lovely experience.  It was our Thanksgiving tonight (means nothing to Canadians), but the meal was as special as you would expect on a holiday. Fabulous smoked trout and cheese and pate appetizers, a beautiful scallops and pork belly plate, a roasted bison rack; and a perfectly spicy Spanish wine to compliment the meal.  The service was both formally impeccable and warm.  Quality.
4	come here for a good night with friends and chances are you're going to enjoy yourself.i enjoyed the wine cellar atmosphere and they did these funky things with edison bulbs and lab beakers and flasks.we were only in for drinks and wanted to get a good sampling, so we asked the sommelier to build us a flight and after a little dialog we had an array of 10 glasses with 2 oz tastings each, and the line up was even prepared moving from lighter to more complex. paired with a dish of sweet bread we were more than happy with our experience. good with with great service. Asking for more may just be asking too much.
4	The boify picked this place for us to relax during our Montreal trip - from a guidebook, no less! Awesome choice, boif ;)We arrived around 5pm on a Saturday and we were the only patrons. Since the place is pretty booked for dinner, they let us know that we could only stay for 2 hours, which was fine for us as we were just stopping by for some vino. The indoors is decked out in cork/wood and I felt like I was inside a wine barrel! The outdoor seating is so intimate and relaxing...absolutely perfect!We asked the sommelier to help us choose a refreshing, not too fruity, white wine within $30-40. His choice was good - albeit  little dry and tart - & affordable. We had a lovely time there just soaking in all of Montreal's beauty. When we left, the outdoor area began filling up with dinner patrons...must be a popular place!Oh, we heard the manager of the restaurant giving the entire waitstaff a little pep talk before the dinner rush - so cute! ;D
5	One of the best meals I've had in a long time...I spotted the charming stone courtyard from the street, humming with the chatter of patrons beneath the vines and I immediately looked at the menu. Moments later, I found myself in said courtyard, greeted by friendly hosts and waitstaff. I ordered the grilled octopus appetizer with cucumber, fennel, yogurt, and lime. When the dish arrived I was so pleased, not only with the presentation but with the large pieces of octopus (definitely not grilled baby octopus, which is pretty much all I've had as of recent). It was one of the most amazing dishes I think I have ever tasted. The fennel and cucumber worked so nicely together against the grilled meat...and the citrus of the lime plus the cool yogurt only added to the experience. I then moved onto my main entree, for which i ordered the Quebec mackerel with gherkins, cucumber, wild garlic, and fresh dill. This was also amazing and I savored every bite. I especially loved the unexpected use of gherkins, contrasted against the fresh dill and cucumber which was like a deconstructed pickle. Overall, the experience was fantastic. I tried the desaccord pairing and had a very nice glass of rose with my appetizer and the Barbera Piemonte with my main. I was absolutely enamored with how fresh all of the ingredients were. I would highly recommend this spot to anyone.
4	Went there for dinner tonight with a bunch of cousins and friends. We drank a bottle of Dolcetto d'Alba (Italian red). The menu had an limited number of gourmet Entrees with fancy names. All nine of us chose different courses so we got to taste-test everything :) Deer, buffalo and haddock, each served with its unexpected mix of ingredients which all turned out to be great. Absolutely luved it!
5	Great food, you must try the ice cream dish. The largest selection of wine I ever seen.
5	Great setting for a nondescript outside. The outdoor seating (tucked away in a courtyard) is beautiful. Wanted to try everything on the menu as it all looked good and not what you would expectl. Also a great place to just get a bottle of wine and a local cheese board (plus the delicious homemade bread!)
2	The place may serve its purpose for some - it's upscale and refined and offers an interesting journey for a discerning oenophile, but that journey will cost you a pretty penny.  The food was underwhelming and the restaurant cold, so despite the good but expensive wine it was rather a let down.  I did not love the buffalo, it was too gamey and my husband's fish dish was miniscule, it looked like an appetizer and did not come with any sides, he left hungry.  All in all we were unsatisfied with the dinner and proceeded to find another venue to to dine immediately afterwards.
4	You must try St. Michel's Prettiest Brest (that's actually the name of the dish)! Guinea fowl breast with mushrooms, cauliflower, parsnips, and foie gras - amazing.I don't often write reviews (the last review I wrote was about 2 yrs ago), but Accords really wowed us our first night in Montreal coming from NYC.
5	Incredible resto... The place is very nice and great atmosphere. The service was PARFAIT. Everybody was incredible. The food? Amazing and great choice... And the wine selections? Just phenomenal.
3	Amazing terrace. Their lunches are very good, so is the dinner menu. They have interesting wines and good service, but the price to me is a bit expensive for what you get. Still, cute and cozy place in the Old Montreal.
5	Being from wine country in Northern California, we chose Accords for the food/wine pairings.  It was an outstanding experience.  Everything was first-rate: the food, the wine, the service and the ambiance. My boyfriend and I were seated at a quiet table at the back of the very romantic restaurant where we could observe the activity of the restaurant but had some quiet and privacy.  We decided to order as we went along, rather than order everything upfront, as we usually do.  The wait staff was perfectly ok with that.  We started with the cheese plate, for which the menu did not suggest a wine pairing, so we asked our server, Caroline, for suggestions.  She recommended a white and a red so we ordered a glass of each.  The wines on their own weren't our favorite, and not wines we would have enjoyed sipping on their own.  But when the cheese plate arrived, the wines were perfect with all three cheeses.  Caroline's suggestions were spot-on.  The cheeses, especially the blue, we're wonderful, and very generous portions. We then ordered the rabbit sausage and pork ribs appetizers, both of which were outstanding.  We got the paired wine with each, and asked Caroline for a suggestion for a second glass of wine with each dish. So we had four wines with the two appetizers, and they were all paired perfectly with the food.  We finished with two desserts, both of which were superb and very creative. One was a butternut squash combination (a seemingly odd ingredient for dessert, but the pastry chef worked magic with it), and a variation on a deconstructed tiramisu.  Some of the best desserts I've ever had.  And of course Caroline paired them with the perfect dessert wines.I would highly recommend Accords to anyone who enjoys creative, perfectly prepared and presented food, and appreciates the perfectly paired wine, where the overall combination is one where both food and wine are enhanced by the other.  The service is friendly but refined, attentive, and not rushed. The wait staff clearly know their wines.  All in all, a truly memorable meal.
2	My friend and I are in Montreal for the weekend and we picked this place because it had good Yelp reviews and we could get a reservation on Opentable. When we arrived, the entire restaurant was completely empty - that should've he been our first clue.Our next clue should've been when the bread arrived...still frozen in the center. We asked our server for new bread, and he abashedly took away the offending bread and brought us a new loaf that was cold, but not frozen.Then, we ordered. I don't eat any pork, so I asked if the guinea fowl dish could be made without any lard, and the server assured me that he could do that. Shortly after, he returned and told me that the guinea fowl is actually baked with lard under the skin, so they couldn't make it totally pork-free. I changed my order to the squash dish - which my friend had also ordered, and added a half-pour of the wine they recommended to accompany the dish. The wine was delicious - and the source of the second star - with the squash dish, and while the squash was tasty, it got boring quickly. The server was not particularly attentive, which was weird since we were literally the only people eating there, and I felt kind of uncomfortable not speaking French. Then, without asking us if we wanted dessert, handed us dessert menus and wandered away for five minutes.I live in a suburb of New York and attend school in Cleveland, so I'm used to New York-quality food at New York prices and Cleveland-quality food at Cleveland-prices, but this was Cleveland-quality food at New York prices.
3	Pairing food & alcohol is always a fun dining experience for me. While visiting Montreal, I wanted to take my mum to a restaurant that was a little more quirky than a regular eatery. We shared 2 plates of oysters, paired with a glass of bubbly. Then we shared the "Crunchy Smokey", along with a glass of wine they paired with the dish. The oysters were small & well cleaned. Big oysters make me gag, so does a rouge piece of shell. They were served on salt, with a lemon wedge, but with no side. Had to ask for hot sauce. Granted, the oysters themselves had a wonderful flavor, but I do like a hint of something on my oysters. The glass that the bubbly was served in was kinda neat. The bubbles streamed up in the glass in one solid stream. It was nifty. The "Crunchy Smokey" was interesting. It was paired with a glass of IGT Sicilla, Grillo 2011, Italie. We started by tasting the wine before the meal, and it completely transformed with the food. Crunchy Smokey was good, but not fantastic. It was a fairly earthy dish, that tasted pretty good when you combined all the ingredients together. I'm not sure if I should say it was bland... there were flavors that stood out, but nothing that really popped. Kinda one note. Didn't really excite my pallet. I would have ordered something else on the menu, but I was sharing my meal with my mother, who only eats fish. The setting was lovely. Rustic, dark & underground. A take on a wine cellar. The woman's washroom had a lovely art installment of a mirror that also had moss within it. Very unique. Overall, I don't believe it was worth the price we paid. I understand that the wine's are of a higher caliber, but for how much we ate & drank, it was a very expensive dinner. Not entirely sure I would suggest it, maybe if you're with someone who's willing to foot at 300+ bill.
5	We held a large event here and were extremely impressed with the beautiful setting, quality of the food, and relaxed atmosphere. Jean Martin was very attentive both in the planning stages and on the day of. I highly recommend Accords for both larger business lunches/dinners, as well as smaller, more intimate gatherings.
5	FOOD IS FIVE STARS! Come for the food and consider the wine a bonus; let's hope they improve the service.In detail:I was incredibly disappointed in the food and drink scene in Montreal, which seems to be trying to be a foodie town and charging ridiculous prices for it. I come from the San Francisco Bay Area, where Michelin-starred restaurants are QUITE a bit more affordable, and our sales tax is only 10% and not 15%...for such expensive excursions I wanted to be in culinary wet panties land. So so SO didn't happen here (and I flat-out refuse to pay more than $27 for an entree--I eat only fish + vegetarian).Accords WAS AMAZING. VERY farm-to-table oriented with a creative menu that rotates with the seasons and farms. Everything well presented. Had I been in Montreal one more day or week I'd have returned at least once to experience more of its offerings (LOTS of delicious seafood options, as well as veg too) and get some quality.The ambiance is lovely--woody, subterranean, atmospheric, very quiet on the night I went. Would be nice to avoid the rowdy and touristy bar crowds.My one complaint is the service. Normally I would actually knock off a star for this but I wanted to keep the 5-star rating to praise the food. It was almost empty when I went, and three different servers could have helped me get water/acknowledgment/order taking sooner, but it took foreeeeever, especially due to how empty the place was. I was parched and should not have waited for water AND a menu AND getting my order taken when people who arrived after me were attended to sooner.I was very insulted by that, and if I come back and it happens again the rating will be adjusted. But OH the wonderful FOOD! And nice wine selection too.
2	This wine bar / restaurant was recommended by a local friend, but we had a very bad experience. Summary: Excellent food, decent wine, poor service. My wife and I were seated with menus - and no wine list. At a wine bar. We had to ask for the wine list twice and the waiter, who seemed overwhelmed with everything, said something about having trouble finding one -- at a wine bar. Service was slow and inattentive. After finally getting some wine and ordering some cheeses to start, we ordered four small plates and asked them to be brought out two at a time. We had already been there an hour before we finally got the busy waiter to take our order beyond cheese. Things were taking too long (we had budgeted two hours for wine and food before a concert) and the first small plates were taking too long, we asked to cancel the last two. They tried bringing all four at the same time even though the table wouldn't have been big enough. The place was hardly full at 8 pm yet the waiter and apparently the kitchen seemed overwhelmed. Again, food was excellent and creative - once we actually got it.
5	This was our favorite restaurant (of 4 we visited) in Montreal.  As others have noted, the menu emphasizes local Quebecois ingredients with contemporary French technique and lots of creative farm to table choices.  There's a small but well curated list of wines by the glass (my husband barely drinks, so I can't comment on bottles). The location in Old Town is convenient to many hotels and sights, but the restaurant itself is on a quiet street, and the outdoor terrace, tucked behind an iron gate, is a very sweet place to sit.I was puzzled by the complaints about service--we visited early-ish on a Friday night, so things were not too crowded, and we had consistently excellent, friendly, attentive service.  The woman who took our orders may have been the sommelier--she was very knowledgeable about the wine list and recommended a pairing that was fantastic, just right for everything we ordered. I can't emphasize this enough, in response to the other comments: At least when we visited, SERVICE WAS THE BEST WE ENCOUNTERED IN MONTREAL, FROM THE START TO THE FINISH OF OUR MEAL. And this in a town where restaurant servers seem, on the whole, to be a pretty professional bunch.We ordered four dishes: a cheese plate with two local cheeses that were terrific, a generous green salad that we easily shared, sweetbreads in a coffee-based sauce, and the house-made agnoletti wth guinea hen confit.  All were fantastic.  I consider sweetbreads to be a true test of a kitchen's abilities: they are delicious when well prepared but an obvious disaster if the chef cuts corners on the prep or doesn't know what s/he is doing. These were spot-on.  Ditto the housemade pasta, with a light but creamy sauce and that fantastic confit guinea hen. Portions are closer to the tapas end of things, but given their richness and flavor (and the crazy super-sizing of meals at some other Montreal places we visited), that was fine with us.  We ordered two desserts: a plate centered on a delicious, deeply flavored rhubarb semifreddo, and another featuring white chocolate, lime and sesame.  The latter was a little subdued for my husband's taste; more acidic notes would have livened things up a bit, but it was still delicious, just subtle. Highly recommended.  I think this place deserves another look, and would be willing to bet they have taken Yelpers' service complaints to heart.  This is great food, fairly priced, with a terrific front of the house staff.
4	Food is really good. The small portions are not not very filling unless you eat really slow and savor every bite. Which we highly recommend. The menu changes often so the yelp pics dont match the entree's but irrelevant because its is a truly great taste. Menu is simple yet creatively tasty. Service is good, but heading out now for another small meal or great dessert, bcs it wasnt enough.
2	Some colleagues and I had supper tonight at Accords last night.  It was really nice inside.I debated about whether to order the Smoked Paprika Guinea Breast or the Beef Shoulder.  Our server suggested the beef so that's what a lot of us got.  I swapped the beets for potato.  We all found the beef chewy, kind of tough and tasteless ... a couple didn't eat theirs and sent them back.  I ate a bit of mine and passed the rest around for others to try.  When we commented about it to the manager, she tried some and said that she found it was tender like butter (!!??).  My colleague next to me had the guinea breast and I tried a bit ... it was delicious!  I should have gone with my first instinct.When we got back to our hotel afterwards, we had a drink in the bar and ordered snacks.
5	I just finished dinner here and I can tell you that it is a wonderful place. I ate at the bar as I was by my self on business and the lovely lady at the bar took care of me like I was at her house. I had the cheese platter and then octopus and a wonderful pumpkin flan. Everything was paired to a wonderful glass of wine. You must give this place a try. And to the staff, merci for a great night. I will be back when I return to Montreal.
