3	I've seen Nathan's hot dog's at the grocery store but i didn't know they had restaurants.  We stopped by here after the Bjork show at the Pearl and were considering getting a late night dog, but we just couldn't pull the trigger.  The lemonade I got was fine, the examples of the food they had for sale that were present at the check out were kind of disconerting (does anyone really need to see a cheese steak to know what they're going to order?)
2	$4.50 for a hot dog with nacho cheese all over it. I was dumb enough to think that the picture of they showed was a cheese dog while in actuality the picture was with sour kraut. I was dissapointed that the cheese they used was just nacho cheese in a little hot dog. I give this place 2 stars becasue the hot dog had some potential but for the price I cant really justify that. I would rather eat at pinks and pay $7.Sorry but your hot dogs just suck for the price atleast places like weinerschnitzel knows they arent the best and thats how they price it out. BYOB since you can bring beer and drink it anywehere.
3	This place is getting bad ratings. I have to admit, it is pretty good. Their chili dog was not that bad, although is was not healthy. I guess I was really hungry at the time. And their fries was awesome. One of the better fries I had in a long time. Price is a bit steep, oh well, your in vegas. Who cares. I came to realize that $20 is literally $1 out there. To me, thats a cheap dinner versus spending $60 plus on dinner.Overall : not bad. chili dog $5.95                                 fries $4.00
4	it's the food court in a very busy casino on the 4th of july. it was loud it was crowded it was great!they were efficient and repeated the order to double check. they were very understanding of people's inpatience at the long lines. i don't know for sure if she spoke english she just nodded alot.a 4th of july family tradition it never disappoints. hot dogs were delicious & filling. fries were fresh & crispy & cheese was yummy! a little pricysweet tea from mcd's is great too!limited menu
4	Located in the @PalmsLasVegas food court.A 4th of July tradition with the @eatingcontest on @ESPN then I come here and get myself a couple hotdogs for lunch.Nathans always has coupons for Buy1get1 FREE hotdogs so get 2/$4.They have great fries too.
4	Limp Bizkit w/@freddurst @PalmsLasVegas for FREE plus Bogo hotdogs at Nathans.I love Las Vegas!!:) I decided to get the Bacon Cheese Fries too.GREAT STUFF! Hotdog with a snap & spicy mustard plus onions!! The fries are as good as they look!! yummy!! The last pics were bad since they keep it real dark in the place so I posted a new one.
4	Well idk if this is the right nathans but I'm just writing about the deep fried twinkies and oreos at the one in downtown and it was so good after a night of partying.  The line was quite long and filled with party goers filling their alcohol bellies with go good ol fried greasy goodnesses.
1	The most overrate place I've been too. The hotdogs taste like they are covered in plastic....way too chewy, disgusting actually. I don't understand how anyone likes these. Yuck.
4	Fuck their hot dogs.  Hot dogs all taste the same ... It's all about their Cheese fries with bacon bits and chicken fingers! MM!! i thats why i love this place.  Price is a little steeper but it's in a casino so i'm not surprised.  Compared to what else is in the Palms food court it's a great option to have.  I came here waiting for a movie to start up as i was ridiculously early and this always hits the spot for a hungry man.  And the lemonade is good to.  I mean it's not like FANTASTIC ... this is a food court after all but it beats the minute maid crap that like McDonalds has.If i had to choose i say either this place or the pizza place next door is where to go for food in the palms food court.
4	Vegas-priced just like all of the other fast food chains on the strip, but I overlook that and just focus on the quality of the hot dog.Good hot dogs here. I have had the regular hot dog topped with sauerkraut and a cheese hot dog and both get my recommendation. I haven't had the fries so I can comment on that.A hot dog meal with chips and drink cost about $8.00. Not the healthiest food but I would consider it if I was in the mood for hot dogs.
3	The price brings the overall stars down from 4 to 3.  And also to all the other reviewers, is it really necessary to curse to get across how much you love or hate wieners.  I love wieners as much as the next guy/gal.  Especially Nathan's wieners with natural casing that has a certain crispness when biting into it.  Also their lemon drink is quite tasty and compliments the fries and wieners.  Only thing is they are hot when you get them. You may have to let them cool down or just blow on them to coolem down faster.
2	I think in my opinion it is a bit waste of money. I ordered chicken wings, a large fries and a hotdog. when my order came out, it was not what I expected. the hotdog was so small I can consume it in 30 seconds. and the chicken wings are hard and chewy. Albertsons has way better chicken wings at a cheaper prices. not to mention the price was a bit expensive for what they offer. if i were you, ill save my money, make a drive to the grocery store and buy and cook ur own hotdogs.
2	Why is this place famous again?? Or is that self proclaimed. Im not saying it is BAD, but Im not saying it is GOOD either. The hot dogs are thin - I like a PLUMP doggy! It's your basic WIENER, no frills, no thrills.
4	Gotta love a hot dog before a movie! Never a line and the food is fresh and tasty. Lots of seating at the food court.
1	At$8.00 for a plain hot dog it is a total ripoff. Can buy their hotdogs in the supermarket.  For suckers and tourists.
2	Why does Nathan's always sponsor hot dog eating contest? Competitors eat their hot dogs, advertise the Nathan's brand, and win cash prizes. As for myself, an empty wallet and unsatisfied pallet.From my last trip to Vegas, I wanted to try the popular Nathan's chain. Once I saw one, I had to make a quick stop. When I went to place my order there was no line at all. It took me a few minutes to browse through the menu and decide on what I wanted to eat. I went on to place an order a chill dog with crinkle fries with the friendly cashier. After placing my order, I was handed one of those huge pagers to let me know when my order was ready. 10 minutes later I get a buzz on the pager and went to pick up my food.For around $14, the plate looked bountiful of fast food goodness! Apparently, the meal didn't taste of a $14 quality.  The chili and hot dog tasted bland but salty. I was expecting some sort of kick from the chili, but no magic happened here. The crinkle fries were the only decent tasting items from my meal. I just can't see eye to eye with competitive eaters like Takeru Kobayashi and Joey Chestnut. The hype just blindsided me.
1	I have given them many chances but they come up short! The hot dogs are never hot  or cooked they are in hurry even though they're  not busy!I wish they could be as good at the MGM! The manager also is extremely rude!!!!!
1	Omg $50 for three hotdogs and 3 sodas... Not worth it at all. Disappointed in the lack of flavor in the chili dog, and cold fries for that kind of $ at least the movies was $5! Bonus. Not going back - chronic taco next time or a nasty Big Mac would be better. I'd welcome a case of the mcburps!
1	Three chill dog and fries, with drinks comes out to fifty dollars. Fries were bland, the chill had no flavor. Regular bun and hot dog if was for the industrial era.  Service was petty slow. Drink were cheeper at the stalls next to Nathan's.
1	Crappy flavorless chili cheese dog for an obnoxious amount of money! 13 dollars for a hotdog!!! Even if it's the size of a hot dog and a half that still doesn't work out in my book. The fries were bland and only temperate. I am not surprised that they didn't have a line when McDonald's and their fast service had one! That was another thing it took 15 minutes to cook 3 dogs?
