4	Enjoyed an excellent dinner..  Sushi..&..Bento Box... Nice feeling inside...friendly staff..a wonderful addition to our area!       Lois
5	Pleasant atmosphere...extensive menu. LOVE the coconut shrimp!  Excellent, knowledgable staff.  Looking forward to dining on the deck when weather warms a bit.SherryLake Wylie
4	I have eaten here twice since they have opened.  I was hoping for a decent sushi place and they haven't disappointed as of yet!  The inside is nice and the outside has a wooden deck for when the the weather warms up.  Can't wait for the summer time date nights with my wife!  Both visits I have tried sushi and something besides sushi off the menu.  Everything so far has been super delicious!  If you travel through Lake Wylie much,  make sure you stop by.  Most places seem to stumble out the gate when opening but this place has hit the ground running!  I would definitely recommend the sushi and the Mama Mia roll to be exact!  I hope this place maintains!
4	My husband, son and I had lunch here today for the first time. The interior is beautiful with two sections. One section is the bar area with some booths and the other section is near the hibachi with some tables/booth seating. There is also a deck for additional seating but it was too cold for that. We sat in the hibachi area with the large windows looking out on to the lake area. The menu is extensive with lots of choices for everyone. My husband tried the orange chicken with white rice while I had the chicken teriyaki bento with fried rice. The miso soup my husband had with his meal was a little bland but there was lots of tofu and seaweed. My meal came with both a clear soup and a salad with ginger dressing. Both were excellent! My husband enjoyed his orange chicken and said it was tasty with a little kick. My teriyaki chicken was delicious. My bento also came with fruit (grapes), gyoza (fried), California roll and fried rice. The food was delicious and plentiful as I shared some chicken and fried rice with my son. The attention from our server was excellent and our glasses were always filled. They also brought out a plate for our son and gave him some training chopsticks. We are looking forward to our next visit here!
5	The sushi is excellent!  We have eaten here 3 times since it opened earlier this month!  The chefs special rolls are incredible, miso soup is great, every thing has been really good.  The only issues is service, while very polite, and eager to serve, the product training is lacking, twice our server didn't have a good understanding of the menu or Asian dishes.  Because of this I would normally give 4 stars or less, but the quality of the food was such a pleasant surprise, and so superior to anything else in the area - 5 stars.  Plus I think the training will get worked out.
5	Embarrassed to say how many times we have eaten here. It is excellent !
2	Just tried for the first time.  The food was not really great and the service was worse.  We were set down at a sopping wet table.  Ordered a Tom Collins and it was very poorly made and watered down.  My nusband ordered soda and was never offered a refill.  We ordered Chinese entrees which may have been a bad choice. They didn't have much flavor and were missing ingredients that were in the description.  When the waitress brought them to the table she mixed them up and then said I can't remember. Three different people checked to see how the table behind us were, but no one ever checked on us until it was time to bring the bill.  The restaurant is very nice, but there is too much clutter and decoration which fights with the design.  We will try again and sample Japanese entrees. Hopefully the next attempt will be better because we really want some decent restaurants in the area.
5	Great hibachi and Sushi. Fast and clean too.  I have been there many times now and it has been fantastic every time!
4	Okay, I like really good sushi, and I appreciate authentic Japanese food and atmosphere, but I can also appreciate decent, tasty sushi - as long as it's served by friendly folks in a fun atmosphere.  Cherry isn't very authentic or shi shi, but the owners have done a great job with decor and the staff is super-friendly.  This is one of those Asian-mix kind of American-ized joints with "Japanese steakhouse" options on one side and regular seating on the other.  It's bigger than you think inside, close to the water, and sports a really friendly casual outdoor deck I will enjoy next time I go.  Yep, I'm gonna return here!We sat at the bar and received great service from two women who were fun to talk to and enthusiastic about the place.  Cherry has a full bar (yes, with a blender), several sake options, and several Asian beers as well, including Kirin on tap (nice!), Sapporo and Asahi.  The place definitely does not look thrown together, and they were well-staffed the night we went.  Our servers stumbled on pronunciation of a few menu items and admitted to not yet trying some menu offerings, but we didn't care.  If you're a snob about your Asian food, this place might not work for you.  Relax!  It's Lake Wylie, after all! :) We enjoyed agedashi tofu, seaweed salad, nigiri fatty tuna, eel rolls, and another combo roll.  Everything was tasty and fresh and decently prepared.  My husband was impressed at the temperature of the tuna, which was not icebox cold, like you get in many places.  They have an efficient sushi prep team.  The style of sushi is a bit smaller than some places I've seen, but not skimpy.  Prices are in line with other restaurants in the area.This area is not overwhelming with great restaurant options, but hopefully Cherry is starting a new trend.
1	Second time trying take-out . Have thrown both away. First ordered extra spicy... Tasted like they just poured hot sauce over the food. This time I ordered the Chicken Lo Mein.. It smelled burnt when I opened it.  Yep! Nasty burnt taste! Even had some burnt noodles!! Noodles are soggy...pastie.  Last visit for me!
4	Pretty good!!   Good sushi and good service.   Have been there several times. The place always is clean has great food always friendly and happy people working there.  We will definitely be going back because I really want to try and do the hibachi grill next time.  We are always happy about the presentation of the food and quality.
1	I have been here three times prior to tonight and each time the service has been excellent and the food has been great.  Tonight however they have done a complete 180.  We were sat at the hibachi grill and waited over 30 mins to place a drink order.  The chef finally showed up after an hour and started the show.  Extremely busy only 2 hibachi chefs not nearly enough wait staff.  Please fix it...  I love the food.
5	This was our first visit to Cherry and I am happy to have another option for dining in the LKW area! We started with a few pieces of vegetarian sushi and it was very good. I had sesame chicken and the hubby had General Tso's I think. Both were good and I would choose this Sesame chicken over the other I have had in LKW for sure! Cannot wait to go back and sample some more of the menu!The restaurant was busy, but the staff was helpful and willing to answer many questions and all of the food coming out looked delicious.  The sushi bar area was quite busy and looked like a great spot to hang out!
4	Awesome service and great food! Joey was a great server. The French dragon roll is off the charts.  The coconut shrimp is also great!
5	No this is not Nobu but for an Asian restaurant tucked on the corner of a strip mall this is as good as it gets.  From the sushi to the tradition Asian dishes and even the Hibachi grill.  The food and service for the price is hard to beat.
5	For a small Asian restaurant this is definitely a winner! I got the pad thai and it was delicious. I like the fact that they asked what heat level I preferred, as some people prefer a mild pad thai.My parents got the sushi here and they absolutely love it. One of the best sushi locations in Lake Wylie.
5	Good food, good service, waiter that serve us wasnt good, probably new, lady at the register jump in and save the day... Good job amy!!
4	What a great surprise.  Sushi was excellent.  Sat and ate at bar.  Service was superb, and everything we ordered was well-prepared and delicious.  Will definitely go back.
5	My favorite local restaurant! I recommend Cherry to all my neighbors. Great dine-in experience or carry-out! Sushi is always fresh, service is always warm and friendly!
2	We were taken to a wobbly table, with greasy walls. The waiter had dirty finger nails and told us nothing about menu, specials or made any recommendations. We ordered 3 sushi rolls and a lettuce wrap with shrimp. No shrimp in wrap it all and mushing bland. The sushi made us sick and felt bad the rest of the day. Harris Teeter has better  sushi. We won't be back. It's a shame since it has a view of the lake but very poorly done. The hostesses talked loudly the whole time, poorly ran restaurant. Don't waste your money or time.
4	Cherry was an awesome value for lunch, full hibachi experience on a lunch budget. Good food, fun staff, great times!
4	Went with family last weekend and was pleasantly surprised!  Quick service and friendly/accomodating staff. Great food presentation!  Will def. Go back soon.
2	Not long after they opened, I was thrilled to find a superior restaurant in Lake Wylie.  The wait staff was dressed smartly, were extremely vigilant and always polite.  The sushi was very good as were many of the other menu choices.  My wife and I became accustomed to expecting to wait for a table.  Last night, we found ourselves walking into a practically deserted restaurant.  I had never seen it like that.  We sat at a small table next to the window near the Habachi tables. Only two of the six had people seatd around them.  My first thought upon seeing the "waiter" assisting the table next to us was, 'really?'  He appeared to have slept in his one and only outfit of worn jeans, old t-shirt and worn canvas shoes.  He also had a very large folding knife tucked into his front pants pocket and clipped to the lip of the pocket. Slouching, as if disinterested in taking the other couples order, he stood back away from the table as if the elderly couple would ruin his cool.  I begged he not be our waiter.   Our's was not much different though he was polite, and sans pocket knife.  I ordered my usual overdose of sushi, while my wife ordered something stirfry-ish indicated to be spicy from the menu.  It was not spicy and it was overly sweet.  My sushi was good except I believe the yellowtail had sat too long and wassn't as fresh as I had become accustomed to.The bottom line is we were disappointed with our food, unimpressed with the casualness of the waitstaff, wondered what had happened to a great little asain bistro in such a short period of time.
4	Above average sushi and decent menu selection beyond sushi and hibachi. They were pretty busy when we showed up and the service wasn't perfect. It took the bartender noticing our drinks hadn't been brought over to get them. This was after watching the drinks sit there for a good 10 minutes. The hostess and a few other employees seemed overwhelmed from the amount of people there. The lychee martini was okay but the Long Island ice tea was disgusting. Recommend sticking with beer or wine. Definitely planning on going back though to try their other dishes.
4	We ate here last week - hopeful but not expecting top notch.   I have to say, the sushi was very good (we did not have hibachi but the chef did look to be doing a great job).  The decor was nice - I'd loose the drop red balls in the bar area (I am a designer, I know asian restuarants do a lot of kitsch but that cheapened the look) but overall very nice.  Our waitress was sweet, she seemed a little nervous/shy but she did a good job.  The only thing - they were out of a Sapporo and it was early on a Friday.  Seriously?  A Japanese restaurant shouldn't run out of Sapporo :).  Wonton soup was excellent as was our sushi.  Loved the salmon/avocado rolls.
1	Walk in about 5 and nobody in front. Saw a couple guy smoking outside and when they see me, one guy coming in with a black uniform and take the menu ask me how many. I was creep about him with a dirty uniform and the face not clean up really good. Look like just woke up in a slept. And all employee smoke outside not even clean their hand when they come back. Cigarette butt everywhere outside. I decided not to come back again.
5	Rainbow roll was delicious. Hibachi filet and shrimp was awesome. Soup was super tasty. Waiter was great. Attentive but not annoying. Eat here. Now. It's saying my review is too short but what else can I say. Delicious food. Period.
5	Excellent service ! The spicy mountain roll sounds way more delicious than it was but that wasn't their fault... Just wasn't what I expected. The salmon wasn't hot or cold just kind of there and blah... A type of roll I have never had before but I am pregnant so having the fish baked seemed like a great alternative, correct me if I am wrong but I believe it said shrimp tempera also and I never found the shrimp lol could be just a different style than I am used to ! The friendly staff made up for it ! We Are visiting from California so we had our two year old with us who was jet lagged and not too excited to be out to lunch but we were starving! The staff was quick and helpful with her, supplying ice & snacks right away for her eat / amuse herself with
5	I had a very nice meal here Saturday. A very large menu to work through.  There are three live table areas for group meals.  Food flavors were spot on. Some meals include soup and salad but others do not. If arriving for lunch there are several specials.  They do not have WiFi.
5	Great food and good pricing. The sushi is great and I've never gotten fishy or old sushi here! Great for kids, just wish they had the children's chopsticks available. Good atmosphere and outside dining with lake view available.
4	Great food and service! Sushi was the best I have had in a long time in the upstate area.  It's the perfect spot to meet friends to catch up.
4	Have eaten here a few times and each time we enjoyed quality food, great service, and friendly staff! We eat a ton of sushi and they are good at it. Only issue is their pieces are smaller than their competitors (Red Bowl) and price is higher too. Good food and good service, tho! Check them OUT!
2	Let me start off by saying the food was ok when you actually receive it, that's why I gave it 2 stars! Now the bad news.....   1st off they need to hire someone who can answer a phone properly. 2nd they need to hire someone that answers the phone to listen when people place their orders!  My family and I had 2 orders for pick up! My sister in law ordered food for her family then I called and ordered food for mine! She lives about 25 minutes from this restaurant so I picked up the food on my way to her house! So I pick up our food get to her house and see that my dinner was not even on the ticket! Needless to say I'm livid! I call, they tell me to drive back and get my food! 25 minutes back hell no they said they would refund me but they can't refund a credit card over the phone. This is the only place in the universe that is unable to do so! So after a 15 minute conversation nothing was accomplished! Then my family tells me not only did they forget my whole dinner but forgot all the soups and salads that my sister in law ordered! Unbelievable! Drive the extra 10 minutes to Charlotte don't waste your time or your money here!
4	Very friendly service, consistently good sushi, fried rice and always drink specials. They also have lunch specials and hibachi grills. Conveniently located near the lake and a nice atmosphere for a casual dinner, without the load, crazies from T Bones! If you're in the mood for some good sushi at a fair price, with good service and you are in the Lake Wiley this is your place.Enjoy.
