5	In the last decade, Cold Stone has come onto the scene as the big new chain of ice cream parlors. And with a selection like this, places like Baskin-Robbins are going to have their work cut out for them.Essentially, Cold Stone has the basic stuff you'd expect from an ice cream place - cups and cones with various flavors, shakes, cakes, and everything in between. What sets Cold Stone apart (and something other places have started copying) is "mix-ins" - selecting toppings and actually having them "ground in" to your ice cream, rather than simply sprinkled on top. It sounds like a pretty basic idea, but the results speak for themselves.The ice cream itself is some of the best this reviewer has ever tasted. The flavors cover all the basics (vanilla, chocolate, etc.), but there are plenty of premium exclusive flavors as well. Regardless of your tastes, Cold Stone will have something up your alley.The staff are always friendly and courteous, and even start erratically singing ice cream-related songs. Not really praising or insulting that, I just thought it was worth mentioning because no other ice cream place does it. This is one of the few ice cream jars to have a tip jar where the employees actually serve a few coins in there.Quite honestly, I don't really have anything to complain about. I have never gone in Cold Stone and left disappointed. This place is the future of ice cream.TRIVIA: An episode of King of the Hill featured an ice cream parlor called "Frozen Cow", which was essentially a parody/homage of Cold Stone.
1	I want to start by saying I love Cold Stone Creamery in general, just not this location.We went in there on weekday night to get ice cream for the family. We started off by ordering the kids small size cups, and noticed they were filling the cups halfway full. I asked the girl why they were doing this, and she responded "this is the standard portion". I replied no it's not, when a person orders a cup of ice cream, they should expect a reasonable portion, not overflowing, but not half full either.Annoyed, we decide to cut our order short and just pay for the kids' ice cream  since they already started eating it. At the counter, was the manager and the owner (they identified themselves as such). I complained to both of them about the sizes and they both just laughed at me. The owner looked like some soup nazi wannabe who cares more about profits then customers. He told me if I don't like the way they serve ice cream, then don't come back. And that's exactly what I'm doing.
1	One experience:  We had to wait so long that the employees felt bad enough to give us coupons for free ice cream on our next visit.  --At least the employees were trying to make the situation better.Next experience (two weeks later):  "i'm sorry we stopped taking those coupons along time ago."  --I understand that now the place is under new ownership and it shows.  Gone are the employees with personal skills.  The flustered employee at one point even tried to reach him during the ordeal, but he was not available.Too many options to make this mistake again
4	I really like this place! Cold Stone in general because I feel like they're all exactly the same. I've yet to go to one that wasn't an exact replica. From the niceness of the employees to the quality of the product. It's always been the same amount of perfect, well, almost perfect. My only gripe is that it's just way too sweet for me. Delicious but I can actually feel my teeth trying to run and hide with every spoonful. That and I feel like heart palpitations shouldn't be a part of your dining experience!
3	Ice cream is good but they need another worker behind the counter. 1 teenage worker is not going to be able to work an entire ice cream store.
3	I adore anything sweet and have had a fondness for Cold Stone Creamery for quite some time. Being able to create a new treat each time you go in is great, CSC makes it possible by offering a ton of options for both ice cream (or yogurt if you prefer) and mix ins.My personal favorite combo is sweet cream ice cream with raspberries and brownies mixed in. Sometimes I will got a little crazy and go with the cake batter ice cream instead. I don't care for the sugar and fat free options, they taste too chalky for me. On my last visit the service was really friendly, but the guy helping me thought blackberries were raspberries. It amused me but I can see how that could annoy someone in a hurry or someone that was just a grump.Cold Stone Creamery would get a higher rating if they were less expensive. A medium with two mix ins was over $5 with tax.
5	Needed the sugar fix to end the night after a great dinner.  We are always pleased with the service at this location and we love the ice cream as well.  There were two employees working who kept up with the traffic coming into the store.My favorite is the Mint Chip Chocolate Chip, Husband loves the combo with Chocolate/Reeces Cup/Peanut butter, Daughter loves cotton candy with M&Ms/Oreo cookie in it.Everything is mixed fresh right in front of your eyes. If you have special requests like my husband who wanted lots and lots of peanut butter they gave it without any issues.  I wish they still had the punch card - but I will survive this and will come back - that is not going to make me go elsewhere.Very yummy~
2	I've really started to like Cold Stone again after years away from it but had a pretty crappy experience here today.  Waited 15 minutes with only one person ahead of us to order.  Asked for a sample of the Sweet Cream flavor but then noticed a hair in the container.  They changed it out and apologized.  No problem but ick.  We placed a custom order for ice cream cookie sandwiches; it took about 5 minutes to give the girl our full order.  She went to the back to make our sandwiches and, 5 minutes later, came back out to tell us that they were out of chocolate chip cookies and don't have a shipment coming in until next week.  Seriously?  25 minutes and left empty handed.  Next time I'll just buy ice cream along with my groceries at Vons.  (But we were pretty bummed.  Man, were we looking forward to those ice cream sandwiches!!!)
3	Ice cream is creamy tasting and the flavors are spot on. Service was on point. Both employees were helpful. Wasnt too thrilled about the speciality sundae I ordered though.  I got the one with churros but instead of caramel I substituted  it with strawberries.  The sundae they made me turned out to be a real let down.  I had more churros in there than ice cream.  Just two dinky scoops of it.  And even though the churros were heated up in the toaster oven, they were still stale in texture.  I asked to see the fruit topping and wanted to know if the strawberries were fresh and employee said yes they were, well it was anything but fresh slice fruit.  Oh well serves me right, I should've stuck to the froyo place down the street.
4	This is the only appropriate way to end a LONG week. I can have MY ice cream MY way. It's full of heavy cream and sugary decadence.  I recommend the Chocolate Devotion with a ribbon of caramel.
5	Ice cream is unreal, staff was really friendly:)
2	My family and I love Cold Stone but this place is a bummer. If you have a coupon, they won't let you use it and they are rude about saying no too. The woman that rang us up was very rude and smug the whole time. However the young guy that made out ice cream was great. There seemed to be confusion between the two about the coupon policy. As the guy said yeah, no problem with a smile on his face and the woman rolled with a stern no. Definitely won't be back to this place.
1	After coming to this location for years it is safe to say they are no longer a favorite. After the owner Nadia took over operations, prices have risen by almost 10-25%, toppings were cut back in size (ex: the cookie dough use to be a whole cookie for the mix-in and is now half of the cookie. Any additional half pieces are $.99). Also the employees that work here chain smoke outside of the building and have multiple piercings (bull rings, huge gauges) and tattoos. Don't get me wrong I have nothing wrong with piercings or tattoos but when I walk into this business now I ask myself if I came to get ice cream or a tattoo?! Sad! Ironically with summer being here now one would think this place would be busy but it's quite the opposite. Here it is a Saturday afternoon and there is no business at the store and the employee working here was sitting outside on the ground smoking. Way to go new management!!!!! Also once you enter the business all the signs are negative! No this, no that, no exceptions. Plus the signage is misleading cause one sign will say one price and the next sign will say another! Be careful and look to get your ice cream else where!!!!
