3	FAQQ: Oh man, remember when it was on the street level?A: Do I!? What a great place for a quick drink on the way to the Casino Royale. A great place to listen to someone butcher a Chaka Khan song.Q: Oh man, remember dancing there?A: Again, a quick pit stop for drinking and dancing before you head up to the Godiva Chocolate near Harrah's.Q: Oh man, what about the mist machines?A: Absolutely stunning when you realize that you made a mistake by wearing linen pants in the Summer. Sure, you're thinking, "linen pants! they're thin, they breathe, they're comfortable. how could i go wrong?"that's when you realize that it's 113 degrees (F) in Las Vegas, and really, if laws allowed it (and if there were more people in shape in America), you'd just go naked in that kind of heat.FYI ... It's dry heat. Get over it. I mean, have you been to Orlando, FL in the Summer? Forget it. You're sweating as soon as those sliding glass doors open on your way to the rental car. I'll take a dry 113 degrees (F) any day of the week and weekend.
3	i've only been here twice but i thought it was a lot of fun. some people get real competitive over their kareoke. it's so hillarious. i think it's amazing thogh, some people swear they're the next DIVA and yet they sound horrid. others sing pretty well and yet they think they sound awful. i'm not sure if they are trying to be modest or what but it's fun when you come across someone who can pull it off!! in general, it's a fun time and a place to get loose. i have to say, i come here for drinks every once in a while, as i'm on the way to meet friends elsewhere. it's always fun though too to see someone mess up such a FAMOUS CLASSIC SONG. the one thing that wasn't really my fancy was the nasty old ladies who were dancing on top of the tables. that wasn't fun!!
4	When in Vegas,1) buy a delicious "adult slurpee" in a delicious flavor right outside the Imperial Palace2) bring said special, yard-long beverage into the Imperial Palace Karaoke Club3) sing or mock karaoke4) enjoy!5) your pre-game is complete... time to go out!
1	This place is tiny. We were so excited to sing karaoke. Then we found out it would be 1 1/2 hours, before it would be our turn! And there weren't many people there. What a dissapointment.
5	This karaoke place is conveniently located in the divey Imperial Palace.  Tip: it is upstairs, just follow the signs and listen for the shitty singing and you've found it.It isn't a big place but there are ample tables to sit if you get there early enough.  Get a $5 pitcher of beer at the bar and then go to the back of the room and write down your songs from the books.  You can sign up for three songs at a time on the slip but be forewarned that they do not sign you up in order but pick and choose which one you sing in whatever order they want.  So if you have a signature party song like I do (Humpty Dance) then you might blow your wad early depending on what the karaoke masters decide.  Next time I'll sign up for it a little later in the evening!  The wait between songs is a perfect time to fill up your pitcher of beer and get some liquid courage going before you show off your singing skills.  At any rate, we all got to sing twice even though it was busy so that's pretty decent for a packed karaoke bar.Please take advantage of the people watching while here!  On this visit we witnessed an Asian guy absolutely ROCK "I Will Survive" complete with an almost disastrous rockstar jump off the stage and a "We invented karaoke!!" at the end; a guy with a completely shaved head except for a very disturbing looking "tail" left on the back of his head - it looked like a fucking squirrel tail back there; horrible dancing; my friend singing "I Touch Myself" while rolling around on the stage floor; and many many more antics than I can mention here.  Use some props while you are onstage to make it more memorable and please get your stage presence ready!! I come here at least one night on each trip to Vegas and you should too!  Fun fun fun!!!
4	Okay, so this place really isn't much to write home about, but is guaranteed to be karaoke and cheap drinks. They also have a good song selection (can't believe I found Ugly Girl by Fleming and John!) and props like hats and feather boas. Downsides: service sucks. You're better off going up to the bar because the waitress hardly ever comes around and when she does, she's likely to miss your table. The books are off in a corner instead of being able to look at them at your table, so it's hard to pick out a song and enjoy yourself at the same time. It can also get pretty smoky in here because for some reason people feel it necessary to smoke while doing karaoke. I don't get it, but I'm not a smoker. There are a ton of tv's, but only 2 are on and you can't always see the words to know how bad someone is messing up or to figure out what song it's supposed to be if it's that unrecognizable.
4	Sweet. Baby. Jesus.After a night that started off at Ellis Island (we left after one drink, or in my case, Root Beer), we found our way onto the strip on an impromtu bar crawl. And yes, locals DO go to the strip...the drinks are cheaper, if you go to the right places.We all had a hankering for some karaoke, and once we walked by the Imperial Palace, we decided to make this our spot for the evening.It's not nice. It's not fancy. There are DRUNK patrons everywhere. It is a clustersuck and a spitshow (why swear?). BUT.....You WILL have a great time. The drinks are cheap. 2 Pitchers of Miller Lite for 10 bucks!? Not bad at all. My club sodas were free. Another plus.The song selection is quite solid. I was able to belt out some Gin N' Juice in the key of Snoop. Couple things to note. This IS the kind of place where everyone sings along to all the good songs. Lots of people dance along. There is a varied crowd. Don't come here to pick up on strange men or women. Bring your friends here. Bring a large group. Everyone will have a killer time!
5	All that people know here is American values. Please stop singing Carrie Underwood. Always had my mind blown. Home Shopping Network executive may crash the party with a gaggle of middle aged swooning women. Unbelievable. A+.
4	The pictures speck for its self...
5	I love Las Vegas. Let me rephrase, I like anything that's like the old school Las Vegas. Things that seem pretty nice, but deep down inside there's a seedy, sketchy, beautiful heart in there.The Imperial Palace Karaoke Club is that place. I stumbled upon this place at approximately 1:00AM one night. I was traveling alone to Las Vegas, and somehow ended up a bit tipsy and running off of a high after winning a 5-team NHL parlay. I chose "Hey Leonardo" by Blessid Union of Souls. There's a few regulars in there, and they are older patrons who are very very cool and enjoy the fact that there are tourists from out of town. Some of them are transexual folks. Yay for diversity, right? There are people here of all shapes, languages, and sizes, but with one thing in common: a good attitude to go with their karaoke. I can't wait to come back here. It's a pretty cheap thrill. Hang by the bar with a friend, or come alone and meet new friends. Have a cheap pitcher of beer, or go downstairs to Fat Tuesday and have a yard of something delicious. Hell, play some video poker.Have a good time.
2	I had issues with this place for a couple of reasons.  #1 the waitress told us the special of 5 beers in a bucket for $20, but never once mentioned you can get a pitcher of the same beer for $7.  #2 they never called me up to sing and I turned my song in pretty early in the night.  Other than that the place was fun, typical karaoke.
4	oh my goodness. I had so much fun here.I am honestly not the biggest fan of Karaoke in general but wanted to get up and there and give it a go again.I was not that drunk either, or maybe i was (can't remember).  Last week Sunday night came here around  12 midnight and got to sing Jessie's Girl by Rick Springfield, lol .the ladies seem to just really like that song in general, always a party that busts out. Decent looking cougars there, if I say so myself...  yeah and I had a bunch of impromtu backup dancers dancing right at my feet.  So yeah it was fun but the song selection here was weird even some very popular artists there were only certain obscure songs from that person.  I like the song Jessie's Girl but it was not really my first choice or whatever.  There were drink specials like 2 pitchers of Miller or Coor's Light for 12 bucks. I think I drank 90% of one pitcher by myself..YEAH.
5	This by far was the BEST Highlight Point place of our trip.....We took my son and his buddy who were both  ( turning 21 by the way)   to Vegas !       I had never seen him karaoke before, I had heard about him through his college buddies, but OH MY GOD...he became someone I had never seen before on that stage...then he and his buddy took their act into the crowd......Our group laughed so hard at the HIDDEN TALENTS and all I can say is the pictures say the rest....SO MUCH FUN. He took a slow starting crowd and turned them into party city. He met some other college guys who joined in and a couple of girl groups....no need to pay for a show...we had it right there !!!
3	For those who know me - it is common knowledge that I cannot sing, but do enjoy mocking others for my own amusement. Being on the strip all week, I was looking forward to find a place that provided a break from the glits, glamor, and ridiculous prices. So off to old vegas we went.The club is right in front of the horse betting station, so you can imagine how "Classy" this place is. 2 pitchers for $12 daily deals, and a decor that hasn't been changed since the Reagan administration - I loved it.As to why this place lost two stars: The selections (old and new) were sparse. Worse than that - the DJ had an attitude. The one thing a Karaoke bar needs is an awesome DJ. When we walked in we were some of the only people there. Entered multiple selections, tipped him handsomely, and only got to sing once. Worse still - when a member of our group couldn't sing, and we tried to replace her with someone else the DJ kicked her off stage.Still, we had a great time. I figure everyone has at least one bad day, and we still had a ball.
5	THIS PLACE IS TO THE LEFT WHEN YOU ENTER THE IMPERIAL, AND UP THE ESCALATORS!-----I found this place on Tuesday Night. I came back wednesday...and I came back Thursday.... I LOVE THIS PLACE.But of course I love karaoke and all that it entails. The group of people here is SO diverse. It is such a cool blend. Everyone is way chill- singing out-dancing. So much fun. Song selection is fine, they have lots of books so multiple people can look at once. The DJ was really fun to work with he does a GREAT JOB, goes thru the list of people very fairly & fast. No messing around. You will get your turn fast! I sang "Summer Nights" every-time I went with a fun girl that was there! We were a hit! I didn't spend any money on drinks/beers/but from what I heard they were reasonably priced. I was here from 12:00-2:00 AM and it was jamming. I don't know about any earlier than that!GO & HAVE FUN!
5	Go forth, and sing thy ass off.I am a bit of a Karaoke aficionado... or possibly, a Karaoke madman.  Just saying, I sing alot, yo.  So, I've been to alot of Karaoke joints, and the two times I've hit up the Imperial Palace Karaoke Club have been some of the best.Convenient and requiring only the purchase of a single drink, its a good time you can't beat with a stick.  Being Vegas, the crowd is ridiculously diverse and by and large hilarious.  The song list is pretty impressive, and is mercifully lacking the mainstay non-karaoke-friendly material.  You will not have to listen to white suburban versions of 50 cent or watch a white-hat fratboy in khaki pants do a drunken rendition of "Enter Sandman".The DJs were excellent at their craft and the sound equipment is very quality. We witnessed some amazing talented singers and some incredible drunken incompetency; culminating in a guy who combined "Purple Rain" with an inebriated cell phone attempt to locate his drunken friend.  Also, a woman who rewrote the lyrics to Rod Stewart's "Maggie" into a poorly rendered ballad about her 2 dogs.  You just can't make this kind of golden material up...If you're at the palace and need some ridiculous events to attend, witness the Karaoke madness and preferably, sing along.
4	Came here 2 summers ago when the guys were looking for a low-key / budget type night. There were 3 of us and with a few beers in us, we decided that if 1 of us sang, we all needed to sing. Well after 1 of us went, the pressure was on for me and John. We grabbed the song book and WOW. I was impressed with the selections. They had damn near everything. Now I am a hip hop head, and usually, there is a very slim hip hop selection with karaoke. Not here, so I was happy about that. I had only ever done karaoke once in my life before, like 15yrs before this, so I was nervous. But I have seen enough karaoke to have a plan for success (if you dont have a great voice). 1 - Do a song that most of the crowd will be familiar with. 2 - Do a fun song.  3 - Do a song you know at least 80% of the words to already. I told one of my buddies, "If you get me 3 backup dancers, I will sing Baby Got Back". Of course, he found them. Well, up I went. Within a few seconds, the girls were dancing, grinding on me and each other and totally playing to the crowd. I know the words to the song, so I didnt need the TV screen.... I just performed like it was a stage show. Next thing you know, the audience is dancing too.It was a blast! So much fun that I asked for the DVD of the performance. And to my disappointment.... the dude said "it isnt working tonight". Talk about a let down! To this day, me and my guys still talk about wow epic that performance was. Oh, FYI... one of my boys did "Just A Friend" by Biz Markie. Sounded like a good idea........ except the only words he knew already was "You, you got what I neeeed!!..... but you say he just a friend". All he knew was the chorus, so even though the words were there, he couldnt catch up to the beat. He was terrible. LOLWe are planning to go back on our trip later this month.
