1	Not good! I had such high hopes for this place, but it was a real let down. We had the 2 meat combo plate with Texas chopped brisket and ribs. The brisket was moist, but lacked flavor and the sauce on the side overwhelmed it. The ribs were probably some of the worst I have ever had! The back membrane was not removed (a novice move in my opinion) and they were so salty you could babrely eat them. And I am a huge fan of salty food! There was also harldy any meat on them and the outside was so tough I had to spit a few pieces out. I had coleslaw and waffle fries. My partner had mac n cheese and onion tanglers. The waffle fries were ok, nothing special, but I had joked about how I wondered if they got the coleslaw and mac n cheese at the KFC that is across the street as it tasted just like theirs! The onion tanglers were horrible!!! Basically onion strings only a bit fatter. They were way over done and both of us still have heartburn and upset stomachs 3 days after eating there! What a let down!
5	I loved Dickeys. I got the two meat plate on one trip and the huge baked potato with chopped beef the next. The sliced brisket was very smokey and the turkey was amazing. The sides are average but they were about what I was expecting. They have BBQ sauce in warmers that was very flavorful. Unlike the other reviewer  i think Dickeys is head and shoulders above famous Dave's. Chopped beef is for sandwiches the sliced beef is better for the plates - it has a beautiful pink smoke ring! Made myself hungry - think I'll go there now :)
5	Loved it. The meat is authentic and the free ice cream is amazing. Go there - you won't be disappointed.
5	First time here and I'm sold! Brought my almost 3 year old and he loves his food too! I got brisket and pulled pork, onion tangles (amazing!) and Mac n cheese. He got the polish sausage and green beans.  Got 10% off for being a first timer so my bill was just under $16!!! Turns out you get a free ice cream come too! Flavor is legit for BBQ. Kids eat free on Sunday's so- I know we will be back!
4	Excellent food and great service.  Went with 4 other people and we sampled a number of things from the menu from the brisket to the green beans -- all good.  The free ice cream is a nice touch.  It especially helps cool the mouth down after you've been inhaling some of their hot sauces.
2	The food was okay. Nothing super exciting, and I guess since I've been to places that are more southern than Wisconsin and partaken of their BBQ, I'm expecting something a bit different from a place that calls itself a barbeque pit. Definitely a bit more spice, that's for sure.In addition, for what I paid here, I have gotten almost double the amount of food at said more-southern barbeque places. That's not to say the prices are ridiculous; I just wanted more a bit more food for what I paid.But hey, the cups are cool, and it's definitely clean and a decent place to eat. I just probably won't go back because its not quite what I want in a barbeque place.
4	Yum! Glad to see some new variety in town. The little spendy, but worth it!!!!
3	Not bad for fast food BBQ. The brisket is yummy, but the turkey is a little rubbery. The beans, slaw and potatoes are good, but the fried items leave a lot to be desired. On my second visit, they were out of all but 2 meats by 7 pm! Pretty bad planning.
3	If you read all my Yelp reviews so far, you will find that the majority of them cover barbecue joints. Yes, we like barbecue. My wife and I each have a sibling living in Austin, Texas, so we think we know the real deal when we taste it. Dickey's isn't quite that, but it's a nice addition to the Madison 'cue scene and I hope it's here to stay. The meats have a good smoke flavor and they're tender, if sometimes overcooked. But that's to be expected in a fast-food/fast-casual place where I'm not sure the meats are smoked in-house daily. They might be smoked elsewhere and delivered, but for the price, that's OK. The ribs and brisket are worth ordering. The chicken is a grilled breast you can get anywhere.The sauces (original, spicy), are served hot, just like in Texas, and they're of that thinner, Texas consistency. I like them. The option to top your meal with jalapenos and onions is also very Texas-like, but the smoked sausage isn't. The slaw and potato salad are decent sides; the others are unremarkable. Dickey's offers free soft-serve ice cream where the most clever among us can make a root beer float in our big yellow drink cups. Kids eat free on Sundays with each adult meal purchased. We are always satisfied when we leave. What more can you expect for under $20?
4	I  do not normally eat bbq out. I lived in South Carolina and know what bbq is suppose to be. But this place has some descent "q". I have eaten at the location in Madison, WI and Wheaton, IL., neither disappointed. I prefer the brisket and recommend it. The food is southern inspired as such you must remember that Mac and Cheese is a vegetable in the south. That said I enjoy the okra and green beans. They have good sweet tea which is known as the house wine of the south. They also have a soft serve ice cream machine, although the fresh peach cobbler is missing (at least I miss it).If you are looking for some southern bbq this is very close to it. Enjoy your "q", try the sweet tea, get some extra sauce, and don't forget the wet naps.
3	Solid 3 stars.  This is my first time at Dickie's and I might not be a repeat customer.  It was $9.50 for the manager's special of a pulled pork sandwich, two sides and a drink.  The special was basically a free drink.  I could have used more meat on my sandwich.  I felt like they proportion of bread to meat was on the low side.  That being said, the meat was good. Not overly greasy and decent flavor.  Now the sides.  Mixed reviews here.  I ordered the mac and cheese and green beans with bacon.  The green beans were fantastic.  They were a little watery but the flavor was so delicious.  They were seasoned and cooked well.  I could have eaten a whole other side.  Yum.  Unfortunately, the mac and cheese was awful.  It was no better than the noodles you get in a frozen dinner.  You do get free ice cream, so for kids this is a great place to eat.The barbecue sauce set up is awful!  There are only three tubs, each holding a different kind of sauce, set-up between the soda and ice cream in the main thoroughfare.  Wow, poor planning.  The original sauce is perfect.  The sweet barbecue is good but definitely sweet.  And unfortunately with short people problems, I could not read the spicy sauce to try it otu.
4	For a fast food type place this was excellent. They had a special- 2 pulled pork samiches for $5.50. The pork was super moist. They had several BBQ sauces to choose after and free ice cream.
5	My wife took my daughter and me here for a Father's Day lunch.  It was fantastic.   I got the 3 meat platter, my wife a pulled pork sandwich,  and my daughter got chicken nuggets.   I got beef brisket, pulled pork, and spicy cheddar sausage.   I had fries, and macaroni and cheese side dishes.   It was delicious.   My daughter had vanilla ice cream for dessert.   Every thing was so good. It was all what I wanted.   We will return some day soon.
4	I like going to Dickey's.  The food is consistently good, the service is outstanding (the guys behind the counter are always friendly and gregarious), and who can hate free ice cream?  The only thing that keeps my review from being five stars is their pricing. For the portion size, they seem to be a tad bit high.  I only go when I have a 2-for-1 coupon or something like that.
4	For a quick BBQ fix this is the place to go! Meat is consistent, sauce is good, I had the brisket, pulled pork and ribs all very good! It was almost as good as some of mom and pop joint in VA. The only thing I suggest is STAY AWAY FROM THE POTATO SALAD. The consistency was not that great and it tasted like mashed pickles. Overall delicious place I am going back as soon as I get a chance.
1	If you are looking for good BBQ-Move along-nothing to see here.
5	Dickeys catered our wedding, and everything was awesome!  The brisket and chicken we soo good, and all of the sides were delicious!Our guests had lots of good things to say about the food and the service!I can't thank Nick enough for all he did! Working with him was so easy,  really took the stress or of the meal part of our special day. I would encourage everyone to choose Dickeys to cater any kind of event!
5	Great quick service. Slightly hidden behind potbellys but worth finding.  Never been disappointed and like the free ice cream at the end.
