4	This "Old West" themed restaurant is inside the Fort McDowell Casino, in Fort McDowell.  It's nice inside, & you get your choice of a private high-backed booth or a table & chairs for your dining pleasure.  It's a very comfortable place, but it's kind of a maze inside, so pay attention to how you got from your booth to the serving area, or it might take you a while to find your table again!I started with some excellent "Tomato Florentine Soup", & then some salad capped with an amazingly good Caesar dressing.  The hot dishes included some very tasty cod in a lemon-dill sauce, spaghetti with meat sauce, fried chicken, meatloaf, stuffed cabbage, & more.  The selection wasn't as extensive or exotic as at some casino buffets, but there was plenty of good food to eat here & everything was flavorful & delicious!On your first visit, drop by the Fortune Club desk & sign up for your free card.  This will bring your lunch buffet price, including drink, down to around $8.50 or less, depending.  (They only charged me $6.95!)  The Fortune Club card comes with $10 on it to try your luck at the slots with!  Now they don't let you use the $10 for the buffet, but the card won me real money at the slots, & I ended up going home with a tum full of food & a pocket full of money!  As a famous philosopher once said, "This is good!"
3	Came here after golf. Paid $14.50 and they had all you can eat crab legs. I didnt get them because i didnt want to deal with getting the meat out but my cousin did and he ate alot of them. I had the shrimp and some steak with mashed potatoes. Nothing was bad and that i had. The desserts where ok. Not like vegas but it got the job done.
4	Alrighty besides the casino, the Red Rock Buffet is exactly what they say it is...it rocks!  I had a lot to eat mainly the crab legs.  Apparently there's a method to eating it, but I'm still the "grasshopper" at breaking it apart.  At first I was pretty skeptical about it simply because we're in the desert!  Crab legs! really!?  Yes, my friends it's not bad for the price and for the amount you're getting.  If you enjoy it as much as some of my friends and parents do...I recommend this place - enjoy!
4	It's been almost a year & a half since I reviewed this place, so it seemed time for an update!  Mike C. joined me today, & the food theme was Mexican.  They have remodeled the place, gotten rid of the "Old West" theme, & mostly gotten rid of the maze of booths you had to wend through to find your way back to your table from the serving area.After some excellent Albondigos Soup, it was on to the nice salad bar, which included real pieces of bacon, creamy cottage cheese, a good selection of cold fruit, & so on.  Unfortunately, it was somewhat downhill after that, as the "Mexican" food was VERY gringo-ized & blah, apparently prepared for the Minnesota palate, certainly not for us around here who eat spicy Mexican food on a regular basis.With that said, I still think this is a good place, & I'll keep it at 4-Stars...  just don't come on a Thursday unless you want VERY mild "Mexican" food!Lunch Buffet $9.50 or $8.55 for members of their (free) Fortune Club.
4	went here for lunch with Rand H. and as usual was looking forward to a good casino buffet. Well to start it was a good buffet but not great like some of the others. I started with a great bowl of meatball soup from there i had a lot of different Mexican dishes that were all ok  Rand thought they were not spicy enough but for me (spicy wimp) they were good. they also had oven roasted chicken that was quite good.then it was on to the sweets my favorite part. Well there was lots to choose from and i tried most but the only one that was was real good was the bowl of soft serve vanilla ice cream with strawberry topping. So instead of finding another 5 star casino buffet Red Rock only gets 4 mind you 4 is pretty good.rm
3	The buffet itself is worth it for the all you can eat crab legs.  My complaint is that they want you to pay full price for a two year old and an 11 year old.  I could see a discount for the 11 year old, may even of been willing to pay full price.  BUT for a 2 year old - serously - there is no way she would eat even $7.25 (half price) worth of food.  We won't go again till they fix that back to what it use to be.  We were regulars, monthly to every other month we would go for crab legs.  Well not any more.  They get it together then either raise the price to rediculous or charge full price for kids, common RRB. get it together!!!  Plus we are club members and were never notified of any of the changes.
2	Went for the all-you-can-eat crab legs at the end of the summer and ate all I could. It's all a blur now - as it was the moment I used the wet nap. The crab was acceptable because I'm a sucker for the little guys, but if you're at all picky you should run away. They had nothing else worth eating for the poor non-crab eater I went with. Leave those fools at home. If I'm hard up again I'd go back no problem.
2	I came here for the crab legs buffet too because the bf's family kept raving about it. When I arrived there was a kid standing outside and he just reeked of crabs. It was kind of funny, but also disgusting.If you're not into the (snow) crab legs then there really aren't a lot of options for you. I had some decent cod, fried chicken, ribs and mashed potatoes. I think there was also some fried catfish, fried rice, and lasagna. All of the food was brown which was a little unappealing (and unbalanced). There was also a pretty extensive salad bar and some so-so desserts. Everyone was really there for the crabs though. I made my bf crack and peel all my crabs so I got away with clean hands! Trust me, it is a lot of work for little meat. It's also amusing to watch people come back with plate after plate piled high with crabs. Definitely not a Vegas buffet. I think the $14 price is a little steep since I'm not really that into crabs. There might be a discount if you have a players card. Doubtful that I will return.
4	Mike C. joined me again today to stop back in here for another tasty buffet lunch!  Things haven't changed much from last time, except that the food differs by the day of the week.Red Rock here has very comfortable, semi-private booths, & offers 3 kinds of soup & a nice salad bar to start things off.  Some of the main dishes I enjoyed today were the cheesy cauliflower, flavorful beef roast with au jus, very tasty breaded Talapia, & the Salisbury Steak.  There were also quite a few good desserts on hand, including good soft-serve ice cream.Lunch Buffet $9.50, or $8.55 with free Fortune Club membership.  Sr. discount on Tuesdays.PS:  The VERY busy casino here rocks!  It had a zillion players on this Monday morning, & it seemed easy to win on the slots.  There are also HUGE Bingo rooms (smoking & non), & the Keno play opportunities are much more fun & varied than at Harrah's Ak Chin, for example, & you can play from 50 cents up!     :-))
1	There is a reason that on Friday nights the "seafood" buffet is only $14.50.  Pacific Coast seafood buffet is about the same price and is far better with way more options. I'd don't really have much in the way of positives to say about this place.Wait, my server was pleasant and enjoyable.Now, first off, I would never bring my child to this place to eat.  This has to be the smokiest establishment in metro Phx.  Even though the restaurant is nonsmoking, the casino's smoke proliferates into every available pocket of space!  At the end of your dinner, when you get to your car and open your purse to get your keys, smoke will billow from it.  Now, on to the food...  You walk into the establishment and pay for the buffet much like u would at any casino buffet.  You leave your tip at this point too. Not an issue for me, but what disgusted me was the cashier tried to short my server on the amount of the tip that I left!  I kept telling her she wrote the wrong amount on the slip and the cashier kept pretending to not understand me.  But I've waited on a few tables in the college days, so we got that fixed.So the seating area is approaching Dive-ey.  But looked clean.  They have an "overflow" room that people can sit in if the main dining room is full. The most disappointing part about RRB was the food.  I can deal with a shady cashier, dive-ey atmosphere, but bad food is not an option when I have driven 30 + mins to get to you!  The buffet bar is relatively small with salad options - green mix, romaine and Caesar.  There are the regular Salad bar staples.  They do have a lady who makes a great pepperchini and feta mix from scratch that taste great.  The hot bar has mashed potatoes and rice.  There is "prime riib" swimming in warm juice and over-cooking it.   There was stuffed cabbage that taste like u can imagine stuffed cabbage tasting like.  Oh, yeah, I'm forgetting something, the seafood... Crab legs and fried shrimp.  Suffice it to say, I will most likely will never return.
2	My review isn't fair because I didn't actually eat here... instead I walked in, walked around to see what they had to offer and left. The selection of food was very small and didn't look much better than school lunch food served at the cafeteria. Even though it was only $10 per person the buffet just didn't seem worth it. I decided to go eat somewhere else.
4	Skip to the last paragraph if you just want the summary/conclusion.We came here for their all you can eat crab leg buffet during lunch. We had gone to the crab leg buffet at Casino Arizona just the week before, so we were really coming here to compare. At first glance, I was very excited. It looked a lot more elegant than the one at Casino Arizona, and they actually had crab crackers and other crab utensils (I don't know what they're called)! (Casino Arizona only offered nut crackers, which are TERRIBLE for crab!) Their food selection was very small, however, and that was disappointing.My first plate of crab was mostly water & hardly any meat, which was bland. That was very disappointing. I ended up getting some of their prime rib and mashed potato and it was pretty mediocre. I had almost given up until I went back and noticed the crab looked different (it was redder). So I gave the crab another shot - it tasted better, but still pretty mediocre. We then came up with the conclusion that perhaps the buffet was just inconsistent about their quality. We were right. We waited until we saw a new batch of crab legs that looked a very nice red color. That plate was delicious! In fact, perhaps even better than Casino Arizona's, but not by much. We also went back for prime rib again when it looked a little more medium rare. The prime rib was absolutely delicious, too. Unfortunately, there was not much to say about their dessert, or about any of their other items. Everything else was either mediocre or nasty.All in all, the experience was pretty good. The quality of the food was good, but inconsistent. Their service was not too bad. but better than Casino Arizona's. I also think their price was like $1 cheaper? Unfortunately, because of the inconsistency with the quality of their food, as well as the lack in variety of buffet foods, I don't think we will be going back anytime soon. Casino Arizona's buffet is about the same, with a much more consistent quality, and also a much closer drive for us. However, if you are looking for a crab buffet with some good prime rib, this is the place to go.
4	Went to this buffet tonight for dinner and I have to say, it was not bad at all... After reading all the reviews and just the thought of it being a casino, I was a little worried... But I was surprised. The crab legs were tasty and pretty much everything else was good too. Not saying that this is a 4 star place but for a buffet, it is actually very exceptional. It was pretty busy around the 6pm hour but the wait staff was very helpful and attentive... I had the crab legs, chicken, shrimp, and beef and all were pretty good. I also had the blueberry pie and it was yumzo :) there wasn't a lot of cigarette smoke in the dining room which was great. In all, for a buffet this is a good choice...
4	It's been just a week short of two years since I was up here to enjoy this nice Buffet.  Today I was joined by Robyn N. for lunch here & it didn't disappoint.The Buffet featured 72 items, starting with three soups.  I had a bowl of the Cream of Mushroom and one of the Chili, & both were excellent.Next it was on to the salad bar, with lots of tasty things to put on your salad and to enjoy on the side, such as good cottage cheese.Over at the hot tables were a good number more things to enjoy, including numerous hot veggies, excellent fried chicken, saurkraut and sausage, fish, spaghetti with meat sauce and Lamb Roast with Demi Sauce!Desserts included very tasty soft ice cream, plenty of things to make it into a good sundae, plus a good variety of cakes, pies, cookies and so on.This excellent Buffet served up in their very comfortable, quiet (due to good acoustics) dining room is only $9.50 (Srs. $7.95 on Tuesday) and it easily earned a high 4 Stars!     :-))
1	fort mcdowell red rock buffet . i have been going here for 10 years and have noticed a big decline  in the food quality and employee workers. the workers are very rude and the crab legs steam section is in a very bad spot to stand in line for food. the freezer is located right in the standing line and you get shoved outta the way with super hot pans from the employees with a rude "excuse meee!!" after being crammed in a corner by standing in a 20 min line to get crab legs i see the employees wiping down the food bar with moldy stinky rags and carlessly knocking old food into the fresh food. i was sickly discusted by these dirty workers with sweat pouring down there heads. i would not recommend to go here . and the crab legs have declined in quality. i don't know how people can continue to go here with such poor food quality and employees.  once you walk in it smells like moldy mildewy  rags and unsanitary environment . ive had this experience multiple times as i was trusting of the place i went to for so loong. and now sad to say its gone down hill and needs some good culinary management . i will not be going here again . finding a new crab shack until this one gets cleaned up .
1	Walked in to turn around and get a refund it was nasty. Mostly fried foods. It's a white trash lunch spot.
2	2.5  but definitely not good enough to bump to 3 stars.Just to get to the restaurant you must navigate through the dreary casino that is Fort McDowell (see my review on Fort McDowell).  And this restaurant is CLEARLY an extension of said casino. Let's get to the point, the only reason your even considering coming here,*Drumroll*...ALL YOU CAN EAT CRAB LEGS. Yes, its true, for $9.99 you can sit for hours and eat crab legs until you can't can move. IMO, that is the only reason to come to this restaurant or even the casino for that matter. The crab legs were plentiful and were pretty good, these are snow and not king crab legs so they require a bit of work for the amount of meat you get. I ate my weight in crab and did not dare to touch anything else offered in the buffet. The rest of the food (enchiladas, green beans, macaroni, etc.) looked deplorable. I get, Crab is expensive, and if they must give you something else to eat in addition to the crab its going to be the cheapest side dishes they can call "food". No thank you.  The real question: Is all you can eat crab legs worth the visit? *sigh*, Kinda, not really. I don't regret making my 1st visit, but at the moment I'm not compelled to return. After I was stuffed to the gills with crab, and had to make the journey back to civilization, reality set in. The reality of having to drive 30 miles, 10 miles of that through surface streets, burn 1/8th  of a tank in gas, and walk thru a casino that is more like a smoky time portal to the Reagan era.. probably not worth it. I could save myself $15 in 91 octane premium petro and just eat at the local red lobster for far better food and a better experience.
2	I'm sorry, but this buffet just feels kind of seedy and run down. It's pretty cheap for snow crab legs, but you get what you pay for - about an hour of hard work for a few bites of crab. All other food was not terrible, but not great either. Pay the extra and go to Wandering Horse at Talking Stick. There you get king crab legs, already split for you, and the buffet is so much nicer, cleaner, and fresher feeling. I won't be going back to Red Rock Buffet.
1	The buffet is gross and not worth the money. We went here to enjoy a night of Bingo with some friends to celebrate a birthday. We decided it would be easier to eat at the buffet beforehand. Unfortunately, it was a huge mistake. The only thing that tasted good was the salad. Everything else was borderline inedible. Won't be eating here when we come back to the casino.
1	**Don't eat here - just don't do it!!Took my mom and auntie here for Mother's Day brunch and fully regreted my choice.For $20/person, I expected decent quality food - even at buffet standards. No, they really missed it here.I tried:*Snow Crab: okay but overcooked/rubbery. Fresh seafood in the desert is tough, in their defense.*3 sushi rolls: worst sushi ever! Tasted like it was made previous day. Rice was bordering on being a little crunchy. Didn't finish.*Seafood Pasta salad: decent, but a LOT of mayonaise.*Soft-serve chocolate ice cream: great! But it's made from pre-made mix, so not too tough to mess up this one.It was nice that they offered complementary champaigne, but again - $20?? Plus the overly-saturated second hand smoke is just disgusting. Plus, a small bug ran across the table. I felt SO dirty and will never be returning.
1	Ew. I think I'm still healthy after eating here, but it was the worst lunch I have had! Sorry to the really nice staff at this casino, but everything was cold or lukewarm. It was 4th of July! Use a Grill and grill some burgers and hot dogs!  Have some grilled veggies. I had cold Mac and cheese, and a premade hamburger with a too small bun. The salad was fresh and good, according to my husband. The food looked so bad that I resorted to eating the safest things, corn bread and apple pie filling. I ate one bite of green beans, they were cold but fine. The best part of the lunch!!!!!,,,,I won $200  right after the lunch!!!! Will not be back or recommend.......sorry. Ew.
3	love going here on thursday! they have a great crap special and they are on top of their crab game! they don't have much of variety on other food choices but if you are looking to get good fresh crab this is your place!
4	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Made it back up here today, joined this time by Mike C. and Jackie R.  They had a big selection of about 90 items out on the Buffet this time, including tender roast beef, Jerk Chicken, Talalpia in a sauce, breaded, fried Catfish (both fishes mild and tasty), 3 soups including great Vegetable Beef with big cubes of tender meat, lots of salad goodies including good Cottage Cheese, Swiss Steak, tasty chicken breasts in a sauce, Macaroni & Cheese, & much more, plus plenty of desserts including chocolate tarts and really good Coconut Cream Pie.This place has had its ups & downs for me during my several visits, but they were in top form this time and came close to earning 5 Stars...  really enjoyed my lunch here today.     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet is $9.50 or $7.99 for age 55+ with free Fortune Club membership.
4	Love the crab--all you can eat. Other items, veggies, great salad bar, soups and a variety of desserts and ice cream soft serve machine. Wait staff very friendly and.efficient. We will be back.
