5	Wow.  Those were good sandwiches.  We so were not expecting that.Wanted a quick bite to eat and neither one of us had been to a Capriotti's before.  We had a small "Bobbie" (tastes like Thanksgiving dinner all in one bite) and a small Italian (lots of good meats on that).We were very pleased and both had commented that we'd remember Capriotti's.Located in the food court in the Green Valley Ranch Resort.
4	First and foremost they were flexible.  I asked to change a sub into a sandwich on wheat bread and they had no problems accommodating me.  The sandwich I had was delicious and a bit unique (not your usual Subway type sandwich).  My husband had a club sandwich and also enjoyed it.  One unique thing I liked was that this place server their turkey like it was Thanksgiving day leftovers - shredded off the bone - not sliced like traditional lunch meat.   Well worth a visit for lunch if you're in the casino.
5	Thanksgiving in a sub roll!!! you will Love it!!
5	The best sandwiches ever hands down. Try the Capastrami, pastrami, cole slaw, russian dressing and melted provolone. You wont be disappointed
5	Had the Capristrami Subs - Delicious!  We shared a 12" and a 9" amongst 3 people and it was more than enough.  Cheap and resaonable and taste sooooooo good!  That's neat that there is a Capriotti's in the food court of the Green Valley Ranch Casino Resort.  Very convenient and quite affordable.
5	all i have to say is there sandwiches are the best in town.i live like a block from the Green valley ranch casino so its great i can just pop in and get a Sandwich on my way home. also they have fries at the gvr location .i heard that all locals don't offer fries. i suggest if you go and you haven't been before that you get " the Bobbie" its like thanksgiving on a roll. turkey stuffing cranberry sauce. amazing. i also dig the "slaw b Jo" i find that there sandwiches are filling ,creative, and down right unmissable.
5	I'm so pleased GVR finally got with the program and put one of these in the food court last year! I love that while this is in a food court, it's just as good as any of their free standing locations. The Bobbie is special and one of my favorite guilty pleasures in this world. I hate stuffing, cranberry sauce, mayo, and turkey (in fact I hate Thanksgiving!), but somehow I love this sandwich!!
5	Price...slightly on the high side for a sandwich shop.Taste...tipping the freakin' scales!!!  All kinds of GOOD!The Capastrami is out of this world!!  If you think you can eat a small, get a medium, you'll thank me after your last bite!The Bobbie is a very strong second.  That first bite makes you feel like it's the 4th Thursday of November. The other specials are good, but definitely try those two first. I could go on and on about how good the sandwiches are, but I think I've hyped them enough.  "Satisfaction = Expectation - Quality."
5	Capriottis is a sandwich shop that you must try when you are in las Vegas.  There are probably a dozen of them around town and now there is even one in Beverly hills, ca.  All the places are small and simple but they have two of the best sandwiches on this planet.  The first is the Bobby which consists of fresh turkey, mayo, stuffing,and cranberry sauce.  It's like thanksgiving in a sandwich.  Nothing beats fresh turkey in a sandwich and not many places have it.  I opt to have my cranberry sauce on the side.  My other favorite sandwich is called the capistrami.  This one consists of lean pastrami, coleslaw and a special dressing.  These two sandwiches are a must try, and I guarantee you will be hooked, as many of my friends have!!!
4	Capastrami is the best sami in town!
5	Try the Bobbie!!! Turkey and cranberries... It's Thanksgiving in a sandwich!!! The Cheese Steak is just as good...I love this place and so will you!!!
5	If you are looking for a great sandwich this is the place to go? I highly Brecommend the BOBBY. fresh turkey, stuffing, and cranberry. Just like thanksgiving.
4	One of the few restaurants I miss while living in Seattle is Capriotti's.  A good sub sandwich place is not always easy to find.  Needless to say, I made the trip to Cap's while I was back during the holidays.  One of the great things about this location is that being in a casino is provides you with a great food option while drinking/gambling.  There probably isn't too much detail needed here, as most reviews are already going to give you the details on sandwich options.  Bottom line: if you're at GVR or planning to head that way, this is probably the best/cheapest food option.
3	Fast, friendly service and a solid sandwich. Had the Bobbie, the turkey & stuffing sandwich. It had real (not lunch meat) turkey, decent stuffing, and a cranberry sauce. Earl of Sandwich has something like this, seasonally, that I remember being much tastier. I wasn't wowed, but it was a decent place that I'd go back to and try something else.
4	There are a bunch in town but this one is close to the house. Consistantly good food and servcie. I always go with the Capistroni (hot pastrami) but I see the Bobbie (turkey, cranberry, dressing) often ordered by others i go with. Most of the sandwiches come in 9", 12" and 20". The 12" is good for lunch and a snack at home later. They have Pepsi and Sobe which is a good match for any of their sandwiches.
5	Try the Bobbie and tell me you don't suddenly get the strange urge to start preparing a shopping list for Black Friday. It really is a reminder of all the yummy goodness that is Thanksgiving.  I also tried the philly chicken, which was just as good.  You definitely don't need to do a large, unless you're a fat-azz like I me.  It's good stuff.
4	What's not to love?Their sandwiches are fabulous and the service is quick. Be prepared to wait a few minutes for your sandwich (this definitely isn't Subway!). If given the option, the hot peppers are a must! I'm a big Capistrami fan, but the Hot Italian is hard to beat. Given that this location is in GVR's food court, right next to slot machines, I prefer to grab the food and take it home.
4	Capriotti's is a place that has off early hours so I normally eat dinner when the shops are closed. This one is a exception and will give you your late night fix since they're open til 2am. The BF and I stopped on the off chance we were on the eastside and needed a late night snack. I don't know what it is about Bobbies, but its a favorite of mine.  Thankgiving leftover sandwiches is one of the things I look to the holidays though I want and can eat this year round- this is where Capriotti's fills that gap for me. Sometimes I get the Cole Turkey or Capastrami, but Bobbies are usually it for me. Just a note that this location does not do the large 20inch subs. Only small and medium sized so XL appetites may be let down by that. Prices I think are the same so I don't think there is casino inflation (am I jaded by the strip to think all of them will inflate?).Not much to say here that hasn't been said... It's in the Green Valley Ranch, open late, has solid sandwiches and nice service.
5	I always look forward to a sandwich from here...lately that's been the chicken cheese steak, but I also love the Bobby and the slaw b joe.  I wish the GVR location had the large option, but they only offer small and medium.  Basically they have very good ingredients in nice portion sizes, so it's hard to go wrong.  This is one place that deserves its local legend status.
5	Always delicious! Great portion, even the small is huge! The capastrami is sooo good!I used to be a huge fan of the Bobbie. Thanksgiving on a sub! But even just there ham and cheese is delicious. Add on their delicious Sweet Peppers!Staff is always friendly and eager to give tips on new sandwhich ideas. Most are young employees, so sometimes I catch some coversations that make me chuckle. But I love this place, and highly reccomend it!
4	I am a huge Caps fan and I normally don't frequent this location a lot, normally we'll only stop here to get a bite before a movie, which we did last Friday night. I was quite impressed and felt compelled to share my good experience.Here's the rap sheet for this location:Pros:1.) Great customer service. There were 4 dudes working and they all had a grin on their face.2.) This location gives you a free, small bag of chips just for checking into Yelp. Score!3.) Service was fast & efficient, our sandwiches were made correctly...the turnaround time is swift.4.) This location serves french fries AND breakfast. This made me happy! Most locations do not serve either.5.) Awesome location in GVR. Around lots of things...including the pool, the theaters, and The District. Plus, this location is open late which is perfect for late night drunken munchies ;) You can order anything from there to-go.6.) I got a coupon on my receipt for $3 off my next Capriotti's purchase just by completing an easy peasy phone survey. 7.) Instead of only offering Caps' generic bagged chips, this location also has name brand chips as well (Doritos, Lays, etc.)8.) Clean!Cons:1.) Found a turkey bone in our sandwich. I just told management to be a little more careful. Luckily we didn't bite down on it hard.2.) The smoke flows in to the seating area of the food court as there are slot machines located nearby.You can clearly see the pros outweigh the cons. We'll definitely be back again and again. Who can resist their Bobbie? YUM!
3	Not much to say about this Capriotti's location. If you've enjoyed a sandwich at any of their other locations, you'll enjoy them here. One benefit to visiting the GVR location is the abundance of seating. A lot of the other Capriotti's locations have limited seating but this one is part of a food court and there's plenty of places to sit.
4	This place is in the food court at the Green Valley Ranch Casino. They open at 8am. The gentleman that waited on me was very nice and talkative. I got the famous BOBBY small. with a drink. He brought it out to my table. Loved itOne thing is I wish they would warm the sandwich before serving it. I have been to some Capriotti's that do that and it makes the sandwich taste even more amazing.
5	Love the Capastrami Sandwich!! Every time I'm here I've got to get my fix!! The guys are always quick, friendly and make a great sandwich. This is the perfect example of a 5 star place, I crave it when I'm in the area!
5	Best value inside GVR casino. Friendly staff. Best $3 breakfast sandwich ever! I don't eat anywhere else when I'm at GVR. The subs are great, but if you are looking for a great deal, try the sandwiches on sliced bread. I prefer the roast beef.
5	Veggie Cole Turkey. Love it. Vegetarian "turkey" was great!  Staff super helpful and patient. Made good suggestions. Veggie turkey can be hot as well. If you're all getting the same thing, get the 2 foot sub and have them cut it up smaller. Better value, though full price is worth it.
2	Was in town visiting a friend on a Sunday evening. We decided to make it easy and get some subs for dinner.  We tried 3 different ones, pastrami, steak and cheese and the turkey.  The each had a name but I can't rememberI was very y disappointed with two of the three.  Especially the turkey, stuffing and cranberry sauce one. I think they forgot to put the turkey on it.  Terrible. Steak and cheese a bread on bread  sandwich.   Pastrami was Okay.  I think what saved it was the coleslaw and I'm pretty sure I tasted some Swiss cheese.If you don't have much of a choice I suppose the place is ok but maybe they can offer a little up charge for some extra meat.  Or weigh the ingredients  of the  sandwiches so you get the right balance.
5	OmG! the Mecca of sandwiches I'm from Seattle and recently i came to Vegas for a visit and i was super hungry and i saw Capriottis my immediate reaction was "meh just some sandwich shop" do not let that stop you people! This shop has some of the best cheese steak and other sandwiches i wish Capriottis would open a shop here in Seattle!
5	Double up cheesestake baby you know me, if I ain't on San Diego at Gorgino's this is the place, cheesestake is my kryponite we all know this and I get weak in the gas pedal every time I have to pass up caps on the way home, huh? The wife's workin late tonight I think I'll sneak off and get me my fix! Hell yeah, see yall
4	Great cheese steak.  Add the hot peppers and the sweet peppers and the mushrooms.    Italian sub is a good second choice.
4	The food is always fantastic, and the people are really nice!
5	Love the service, love the food, love the location, everything is love. love, and love!!!
5	I have to start with i'm from philly retired now but used to work in Delaware.this place was our go to on Fridays when we were allowed to bust out a little bit. great to see them in vegas and just gives me a little bit of home. best cheesesteak in vegas. it's all about the roll. amarosas baby. wish I could still get my tastykakes here.
3	Location of it is inside the food court in the green valley resort and casino. Recommend parking by the movie theatres, since the food court is closest to it. Cole wasn't the best, but we still got extra. Service was great. Got our food fast. Only main downfall, they ran out of bread and we had to wait almost half an hour.
5	love - love - love the Bobbie!!!!!
5	for all those looking for a sub go somewhere else. they make hoagies at caps and will put any new York sub to shame.
5	Capriotti's really? Is this not the best place to grab the best sandwich in the world? I moved to Northern California, remote area 100 miles each of SF and the ONE thing I missed more than anything!!!! (besides my ex) was CAPRIOTTI'S!!! omg .. the capastrami / the bobbi / you cannot go wrong with this place it is THAT good.
4	One of the best sandwich shops in Vegas.  Love the cheesesteaks, the Bobbie, and the Capastrami. I have never had anything here I didn't like.  I've been to several locations.  This location is in the food court at GVR.  I work next door so it's convenient.  If your dropping in just to eat, park on the top floor of the north parking garage.  Entrance goes right to food court.
3	The food here is awesome!So why only 3 stars?Because they put a $200 hold on our credit card for a $10 sandwich!and used the name Villa Pizza.....which is in the same food court, but we didnt eat there...must be owned by the same people, but I'm not happy about the hold.We will eat here again, but will use cash instead of paying our credit card up ahead, and using that for everything except gambling....the perks of he card is not worth the stress of the hold.
