4	I always go to Radioshack when I have some off the wall gizmo that I need to buy. I recently bought some new phones for the house. After taking out the phones from the packaging the fine print in the instructions indicated that I needed a DSL Filter if I had the internet bundled with my phone. Funny, that little detail wasn't anywhere on the box of the product.So I just strolled into the store and showed the workers the literature of what I needed and they immediately plucked the product on the counter and I was outta there. That's how I like to do my shopping, no fuss and no hassle.
2	Dropped in here to pick up a few items during the Christmas shopping period. It was tough because they had a new guy working and he didn't know how to use the computer real well so checkout took forever. I normally wouldn't hold that against an establishment, but it was how the supervisor handled it that I'm giving them 2 Stars. Instead of helping the guy through the entire process, he would only help a little and then leave him alone, which made the process agonizingly slow. I could understand if he was doing this to assist other customers, but he wasn't. He was flirting with the other 2 girls who worked there...talking about whether they liked the new Samsung Galaxy or the iPhone 5...ridiculous. I felt really bad for the new guy. I hope it gets better for him. I bought what I needed and then bolted out of there. It took 20 min to get through my checkout....no exaggeration. Return Factor - 30%
3	When you come to Radio Shack for specific needs, such as buying an SD card, this location is fine. I've never had a problem in buying the specific parts I've needed.Sure, maybe they don't have the BEST prices, but for a location less than 5 minutes from home it's more than good enough.
1	today, 10-2-13, 4:30 I walked into my local R.S., which I might add I've been to many times.  Well one clerk was on the floor and helping a customer and, acknowledged me and said he would be right with me.  Another customer came in went to the back of the store to look at something and was told he would be taken care of.  I was at the front.  Then another customer came in, a clerk came out of the back and went to the other customer that was at the back and started to help him.  The one that told me he would be right with me finished with the first guy and as he finished another customer approached him and said I just have a question, stated his problem and that kid then went off to help him leaving me still standing and waiting for help. So I guess this R.S. doesn't ask whom is next and from now on I should just walk in, not show any courtesy, for the employees don't. and make sure I jump in their face in order to be taken care of.Poor, piss poor customer service, and these clerks are not new ones there.
5	Best customer service I've received in ages. I took up a lot of these employees time and I watched them greet, acknowledge, help, and ring up a dozen people without missing a beat. Personable, attentive, knowledgable and efficient. I honestly believe this store fell from a different place and time. Travis was tasked with assisting me in changing over my phone plan and did a phenomenal job with something that could have been a huge cluster.Thanks again to the Saturday May 31 shift. You guys seriously rock!
4	The guys who work here are great.  They are friendly, professional and know their stuff.  Travis, I believe, is the store manager and is very knowledgeable about their merchandise.  I came in to purchase my iphone 6 and my phone arrived more than a week earlier than scheduled.  The transaction was flawless.  They didn't try to "push" me to buy anything else (as others have written).  I'd definitely come back again if I needed to.
