2	I want to be careful in my review. I'll keep it simple. If you want sushi you never should choose a place that has "Express" in the restaurant name. If you're looking for some fried rice, some teriyaki chicken, then okay, they do that, but mall food quality. The two guys that were running the place when I was there were nice. Just don't expect high quality. This is express teriyaki.
5	The food was great. Very well priced. Great for dine in or carry out. I don't say this very often but the service was amazing. Very friendly hard working people.  We are so happy to have found our new sushi spot! The reviewer needs to give it another try!
5	I don't usually write reviews or anything like this ,but is sad to see the person that did the first review how bias is ,and you can tell right away when she said quality mall that she is related to them or there is something else. I've being in the mall ,and this guys used to work there ,so basically what you get here is what you are going to get there, for me the biggest example of this place is a great place is because is always busy, and when a place is not good you are never going to see as many costumers as you see here. the cleanliness and  quality of the food is awesome ,and the espress is probably because is super fast. is not that they are taking short cuts and give you bad or uncooked food. please visit this place ,and don't let the negative comment from the other costumer  that clearly is not fair in her comment.
5	Stopped in to take a look at their menu. The cook/owner gave me a free sample of their chicken teriyaki and, when I ordered it, offered it to me on the house. I'll definitely return as a paying customer!
3	I read the reviews of this location and decided to stop by myself since it is on my way home.  Pulling into the parking lot I noted it is in a strip mall next to a Little Caesar's and across from a DQ, so I did not expect Muramoto level sushi.  I think to honestly rate this restaurant it must be based on how well they do what they do.  And for roughly $6 entrees and around $8-10 for a sushi roll, I don't feel I was paying too much for what I got.  I do think the comparison can be made to the Japanese restaurant in the mall as the dishes are pretty much the same type and all served the same way in a styrofoam container.  I ordered the green dragon roll, which is on par with most "express" places.  So so flavor, good size portion and what I would get for the same price more or less at Whole Foods or Metcalfs.  I also tried the teriyaki beef, which I found to be similar to the mall fast food restaurant except that it lacked flavor and was not the rich teriyaki taste I was hoping for.  It was however a very large portion.  In addition, the staff is very friendly and the restaurant appeared clean.  To sum it up, I disagree with giving this restaurant a low score based on an unreasonable expectation of obtaining excellent sushi at a strip mall sushi express, however I also do not feel that in comparison to other similar fast food locations this deserves 5 stars.  I will likely not return, as it is not to my taste, but if you are looking for fast food Japanese and do not want to go to a mall, this place will do just fine.
4	This place is quite a steal for the price of the food.  Don't come here expecting the best sushi you've ever had. That being said, most of the sushi rolls are pretty good for the price. I particularly like the unagi roll. The spicy tuna roll was definitely a letdown though and was overpowered by the chili paste they used.The actual highlights I'd say would be the other options. Their teriyaki and bento box options are delicious and you get a lot for what you pay for. I'll definitely come here often when I need a quick fix of Japanese food and don't want to pay the premium price.
5	There teriyaki here is waaay better than the mall's & for the cost, you get a great portion.  The spicy shrimp tempura roll is delicious too, for a quick sushi fix.  Overall good food, especially for a lunch break!
3	I am really happy with the quality of the food. Price is all right, not the best sushi in madison for sure but not bad also. Come here for the teriyaki.
4	I haven't reviewed this place? Really? Ok. Let's do this, Teriyaki Sushi Express. You get to be my 100th review. Woo! Ok, down to the review. The best thing here is the sriracha mayo sauce. It really hooked me in. It's just so good. I tried to get them to tell me for years what the secret was. They would never tell me, but oh ho ho I figured out their tricksy little secret. Now I too can make the best sriracha mayo around. This has turned me into such a snob when it comes to that. So I have to give them props for making me upset with every other restaurant that has better quality sushi, but low quality sriracha mayo. Speaking of, the sushi isn't exactly the best, but it's really good for cheap sushi. Their teriyaki is also, of course, delicious. As is the tempura. They really pack a huge portion into those to-go boxes. Generally I prefer to sit down, although I have no idea why because I always end up hating it. There always seems to be children running around screaming with disinterested parents watching the tv. For some reason I always forgot to mention this place to friends. Eventually when I thought of it, turns out they already knew! Seems a good deal of people I know have discovered this place on their own and love it just as much. The food is great and for some reason I forgive all of the flaws and am semi-addicted. They can get a five star when the inside is less noisy with kids.
3	This place is pretty good for takeout. They serve some basic sushi rolls, tempura, and a teriyaki rice dish with your choice of protein. You get this with a minimal salad for just over 10 bucks, a pretty filling meal in a bento box.Pros:Tempura was good-- though a bit lukewarm when I got it.Sushi was passable, as expected for a place like this-- I only saw rolls with some shrimp or crab and veggies. Better than a grocery store, but not amazing.They have a good drink selection which includes Jarritos, AKA that one mexican soda AKA green drank.Salad was small and simple with a tasty dressing.Cons:It took a while to get our food, so I may do takeout next time. I didn't care too much for my teriyaki tofu dish, there just wasn't much flavor even with the chicken fried rice. Maybe some vegetables would be in order here? (Peas in the fried rice do not really count)Minor nitpick-- The lights in there are super fluorescent, maybe time to invest in some filters.Vegetarian rating-- 2/5 stars. The tempura (minus the shrimp) and tofu with white rice might be your best bet here.
