4	Ate here last Friday for a "snack".  Holy hell - their portions are huge!  Hadn't eaten a thing all day and didn't eat afterwards.  My husband and I both got the pulled chicken sandwiches with mac&cheese on the side.  All I can say is DELISH!  I couldn't finish my sandwich (HAD to finish my mac&cheese!) - it was so loaded with chicken than it kept falling out.  No skimping - that's for sure.   Wished my dogs were in town with us so I could doggy bag the spare chicken for them..they would both consider it a crime that I wasted so much pieces of chicken :-)They had a shelf of hot sauces if you wanted to use a sauce other than their house BBQ sauces on the table.  My husband used the house spicy and said it was HOT!  Definitely worth a visit.  Fun atmosphere - pictures of all the old west outlaws, Wanted posters, etc. Plus old westerns playing on the TV.  The staff were very friendly.   Clean bathrooms too :-)
4	Really 3.5.I felt more of a 3, fiance felt more of a 4 so I decided to round up. The place seemed to be family owned and completely empty at 7 PM. I hope they are able to make it! It's hard opening a restaurant in this economy... anyways, on to the food!Fiance ordered the pulled pork sandwich with no cole slaw. I ordered the pulled chicken. We had a side of mac and cheese. Cashier seemed friendly and excited we had actually stopped in.. lol. Sadly despite the fact that they were empty they didn't listen to our no cole slaw request.. no biggie. I realize that's just us being picky b*stards . They were both served on tasty ciabatta rolls. Weird for BBQ, but yummy. They had cute/bizarre brandings stamped on them.. Now the important part.. THE MEAT. The chicken was good.. I mean hell it's just chicken, what did I expect. The pork though was awesome. Tasty, juicy, etc. The mac and cheese was just eh... Basically they are getting the 4 stars because the pulled pork was good.. otherwise nothing terribly exciting about this place. I guess meat should be the most important thing about a BBQ joint anyways though.
2	My first reaction was that the food was kind of expensive.  There were recognizable barbecued meats, but it seemed more liked they were cooked on the kitchen grill than one of the barbecue variety.  There was a good variety of Barbecue sauces from around the country.
4	Ate here with the Henderson family, we had a party of 12+ and everyone had a good time and enjoyed the food.  We're from Cali and found this place thanks to Yelp. Waiter was friendly, food was good price vs. portions wise as well as taste. No one left hungry. Sides are on the small side, but you get two with every combo meal.  We did 2 1/2 ribs, 1/2 chicken, a full slab of ribs and the beef brisket and had plenty of food left over. It was TG weekend and they were busy so they were out of some stuff, but we'll be back the next time we're out that way to try them again.  Also, they had small games and puzzles at the tables which kept the kids (and some adults) occupied.
1	I think this place has shut down. No answer on the phone number, and no answer on the website number either. Shame.
