5	love this store,  im currently expecting and already purchased my babies bassinet,  crib with mattress and changing station for $250.  Maternity clothes is also very cute and affordable
5	Best store ever!! been shopping here since i was pregnant, now that my baby is 4 months old it still is a treat to continue shopping for him there. I've purchased everything from his crib to my breast pump, and it's always great to know that once he's outgrown everything including his clothes i can always go back, get store credit for them and use it for his next size up, it's a win/win situation. The girls there are always so helpful and happy to see us and they always have daily specials going on as well as their BFF card for frequent buyers.....!!
5	This store is awesome! A hidden gem. I shopped at this store for my nephews even before my daughter was born. I have purchased maternity clothes for me, clothing and shoes for my daughter and nephews and even toys. It is very budget friendly as everything is priced well below retail or mall prices. Every time I go into the store I am greeted warmly and they always make sure I am doing ok throughout my time shopping there. You can check them out on Facebook for pictures of what they have in the store or just got in. https://www.facebook.com/TheTinyWardrobe
5	Shopped here again on 3/23. Was welcomed just as warmly as before even though I was there near closing time. My little girl had fun trying out their toys for sale while I looked through the shoes and clothing. Ended up with 5 shirts/dresses and 2 pairs of shoes for $20 for her. Pretty good I think!
4	Cute store!  A little out of the way for me and I wish they had a bigger selection of clothes and shoes, but I have found some cute things here.
5	Love this store for my kids! Such low pricea and always have GREAT specials.
5	What a great place to get everything you need for the little one ones .Clothes-toys-gear some furniture.A great place with great prices. Buy used and save the difference. I also sold them a bunch of stuff and got a good price for all of it.
1	I bought a co-sleeper and did not realize it was missing the sound/light machine because I have never had a co-sleeper before. When I got home and realized it was missing this piece, I called the store several times but kept getting a voice message without a greeting, so I left messages. No one ever returned my calls. I also paid $28 for the co-sleeper. By the time I ordered the missing piece online, I could've just bought a brand new one. I feel so ripped off. The few times that I visited this store previous to the co-sleeper purchase, I saw that the clothes are not separated by one size, but by several within age categories. The maternity rack is not sorted at all. The cloths are hung up, but unorganized. When I asked an associate why the cloths were unorganized, she replied, "Oh honey, that would take too long to sort!"   I've been a Kid to Kid shopper for years, and have never purchased anything with missing pieces there. Also, the cloths is sorted by age or size over there. The prices are cheaper too. (Last week, I saw the same co-sleeper that was brand new in box for $18, with all parts.) They also pick up the phone with a live person.I have also heard employees discussing their personal life and plans in involved discussions every time I've gone to this store, which is unprofessional.Not going back to overpriced Tiny unorganized Wardrobe selection.
2	Very clean store which is great for consignment. However, i left an items to consign and was told if it didnt sell after 30 days I would receive a call to pick up the item or if my item sold i would receive a check in the mail. After hearing nothing, i called 6 weeks later and found out my item had sold but i never received payment. They told me I would have to come into the store and get cash they wouldnt send a check. I feel like if i never would have followed up I would have never been paid. Also, not a fan of only receiving store credit for items you bring in. After i use my store credit (amount written in pen on business card) i will not be returning.
2	No no no. Trust me, I am all for small businesses, but this place was not for me. It's basically used kid clothes at new kid clothes prices. A Carter's ONSIE for $5.99! What the heck! You can purchase the same onsie at Kid to Kid or Goodwill for $1.49 or less. The selection wasn't even that hot, don't waste your time. I will be fair and mention that they do wash their clothes before they put them out to sell.
5	I had a lot of maternity clothing I was looking to get rid of.  First, I took them to Kid 2 Kid.  I was told that my clothing was "out of style" (everything was purchased within the past 4 years from Gap, Old Navy, Motherhood Maternity and Pea in the Pod.) I wasn't aware maternity clothing went out of style so quickly!Then I took it here to Tiny Wardrobe.  The woman who greeted me was so kind and helpful.  I was immediately impressed by the store as soon as I walked in.  Where Kid 2 Kid is cluttered and messy, Tiny Wardrobe is clean, spacious and it's very easy to find what you're looking for.  She informed me that she would take all my clothing for $20 in store credit.  Great!  I was able to get 9 items of clothing for my 10 month old. When I was ready to check out, she asked me if I had gone over the $20 with what I had picked out.  I said that yes, I think I had gone $2 over.  She told me not to worry about it.  I was very impressed with the excellent customer service, store cleanliness and all-around experience.  I would happily drive the extra couple of miles to come here instead of Kid 2 Kid any day.
1	I called last week to ask about selling my clothes. I was told toHold while they set the phone down and I could hear everything. She finished up with a customer and I could hear the employees in the background laughing and joking around. I waited 10 mins and hung up. I decided to call back giving them the benefit of the doubt. She apologized and I just reiterated how rude she was for doing that.Today I decided to visit and speak to them in person and get a feel for the store. I arrived around 11 am. There was no one in there. No one greeted me. I browsed the clothes and clearance rack and then decided to check out the shoes. I was wanting to ask a question about something specific I was looking for and stood at the counter for a few minutes. No one came up to help me.  Horrible customer service and is like to warn future customers to steer clear in hopes they go out of business. Rude and inconsiderate people and they obviously don't want to make money to begin with if they can't even be present when you walk in to buy stuff!
