1	Decor -FailMenu -FailPricing - FailAmbience - FailTable setup - FailFood - FailManager/Owner - Fail/Fail6 Month and it will closed I feel bad for the people working for this dbag, run and find another job!1 star becouse you have to post!Details for rating:I was excited to see another open in place of TGI Fridays after all these years. But that only lasted a few seconds! A very weird buildup around the bar, it's like a box inside of a box and the tables are just an after thought for dinning! Black walls no decor but cheap beer neon signs, no lights just Christmas light strung overhead of dining tables, very dark and the print on menu is so small you cant read. No music just akward silence. Waitress said a lot people use there phones to read the menu!! Manager n is about this - that's a problem! It's like they don't know what they want to be - tortilla soup as the daily soup in an Irish restaurant - odd! Linen table clothes that continues moving all over table. There is only maybe 4 items that is Irish on the menu, it all over the place. Then they have steaks at the price of Shula's... Uh no way was I going to try that!Now let's talk about the food! It was horrible! The mozzarella sticks were barely warm and they serve the marina sauce cold, no really it's meant to be cold! The Shepard pie, well half of it was burnt and you could smell the burnt cheese. There was no flavor!! And it was suggested - no highly pushed to me and another table to use the HP Steak sauce to make it taste better! Really use a table condiment to add flavor!!! Wheres the meat???? I could barely find it among the frozen peas and carrots! That was disgusting! Sent that back and waitress was nice about that! Round 2 - meatloaf, again no flavor had to soak in ketchup, as waitress pwas asking me about the meatloaf the owner/manager approached table. I told him I'm glad I had ketchup! It has no flavor! He then asked with his hand in pockets and a bs attitude how they should cook! I then explained that my teenage daughter makes a better meatloaf and their shepards pie didn't have flavor either! He then asked how they should cook it and what I would add to make it better! I told him I'm not a chef but you can go to Cornish Pasty on Dobson and Guadalupe and ask them how one done! The guy was a dbag and after asking several times about -well if you can't eat it and it not comfortable for, I don't want to eating. so I told him fine. He grabbed my plate and ran away like a child. He didn't offer anything else or nothing. So We waited for the waitress to return and she dropped the check and they only took of my meal! Considering the attitude from the owner/manager the entire meal should have comped especially the display he made in front of my kid!
3	The inside of the place looks great and I dig the walls with windows separation between the different areas of the restaurant. It is super cool that in the bar area there is a tv at every table on the outer wall. I ended up eating a sandwich with fries. I have to say I am always impressed when I get steak fries with a meal. I feel like a lot of places over look the fries but they are important too! So thank you for the large quantity of steak fries on my plate and the real bacon and leaf of lettuce, not iceberg - yuck, in my sandwich. I appreciate those details. Also, the bread pudding is hands down the best things I ate there. Don't leave without getting some. It was oh so yummy. Yes, you can tell this place is new. The staff seems green. Overly friendly but don't give straws and constantly trying to take plates away, which isn't such a bad thing just distracting. We also tried the fried pickles and they were disappointing. Too thin. Make them thicker. Hand cut them instead of what looked precut from a jar. There should be a higher ratio of pickle to batter in my opinion. This place just has a few little kinks that need to be worked out here and there. I'm gonna give them another shot in a few weeks.
1	Attractive, but unfinished inside. Window still has previous restaurants hours and happy hour listed. No specials, no happy hour. Server was kind, but had NO menu knowledge. Our meal was way below par even for pub food. Owner/manager(?) had a perfect opportunity to take care of us being that we were served stale cold food, but instead invited us to:  1. Come back 2. Find him 3. Ask for free food to make up for the stale cold food we were served.  We won't be back.
3	The servers you can tell are new I caught them many times standing around while looking at us the whole time with empty water glasses.They were also over staffed so multiple servers all just kind of came to a table at once if it was a big table I would understand but for just a single plate 2 servers don't need to come to the table.But the servers were all very nice.We ordered jalepeno poppers as an appetizer which were very good.My girlfriend ordered a grilled chicken sandwich that she said was good but they forgot to cut it in half so she had to do it herself which isn't a big deal just a minor annoyance. I had their special 1 pound burger with 2 patties on it, i asked for medium rare What I got was one at medium rare and one well done,Which I can live with but they also didn't have much flavor to them. After it all fell apart on me I pretty much gave up.Awesome portions of steak fries though very good. I'll let this place work out everything before I give it a second chance.
4	There's no question this place is new, but it has real potential. This part of Mesa is lacking in non-megachain restaurants so to see a staff that genuinely wants to make your experience a positive one is refreshing.Food!Outstanding. Portions are pretty excellent. All I had was the Guinness Mac and Cheese and I was nearly stuffed! I say "nearly" because I had to make room for the bread pudding. More on that in a second.My wife has considerable allergies so when a friend proposed we eat here before heading off to a party, we were a bit reluctant. The server was a sweetheart and went in to speak with the chefs (chefs, not cooks!) they made her a custom version of Shepherds Pie that met her requirements. I was thoroughly impressed with their willingness to accommodate. My buddy, who recommended the place, was raving about the bread pudding so I figured I'd give it a go. My wife couldn't have any, so he and I split it. Good freakin gravy, that was the best bread pudding I've ever had. Staff!A lot of staff for a low volume place, but they just opened in an area that, up to this point, was essentially dead. They have their work cut out for them, but I think as they get their name out there, business will definitely pick up.The owner is a tried and true Bostonian (complete with accent). Incredibly nice guy who pulled up a chair and sat and joined us for a bit to chat, told us a couple of jokes and all in all, did exactly what an owner should do: meet the patrons.Decor!The one thing that struck me about the owner was his willingness to accept feedback. He acknowledges that it's still a work in progress and told us his plans for the patio and signage to differentiate the restaurant from the pub, which is located smack in the middle of the restaurant, away from restaurant goers so they can enjoy their sports on their many-TV walls. He plans on improving the decor so it doesn't look and feel so empty. All in all, there's a bright future in store for O'Briens. There will be new specials in the near future including happy hour and more. I'm looking forward to my next meal here just to see how much more they've done with it.Also, the owner does a spot in Rodney Dangerfield impression.Keep up the good work, guys!
4	I had been waiting for a VERY long time for this place to open, and I'm happy to say that I wasn't disappointed.  Thankfully, O'Briens is not a chain, which means they don't have the chain-restaurant mentality.  This can be both good and bad.  O'Briens didn't have the well-oiled-machine type of vibe that I usually get in chain restaurants, and that resulted in a few stumbles in quality and service.  The manager is often in the dining room or in the bar amongst the patrons. Every time that I've spoken to him, he's been warm, friendly, and receptive to ideas and criticisms alike. In the few instances that it was necessary, he has never failed to make things right for me.Every time that I've been in to O'Briens (and it's been MANY times, I assure you), the staff has been friendly, engaging, helpful and attentive.  I've even brought friends who have dietary restrictions and O'Briens' staff and chefs (CHEFS!) have never failed to come up with something to accommodate their needs.Inside, the decor leave something to be desired.  I'm told that it's going to improve, as well as the addition of patio seating soon.  I have no idea if these things will come to fruition, but I, for one, am looking forward to finding out!Overall, the food is VERY good.  Their Fish and Chips is EXCELLENT.  Their meatloaf was a little different, but I like it!  The portions are LARGE, so come hungry or be prepared for leftovers.  I certainly feel that O'Briens provides good value for the money.The Shepherd's Pie was good, but a little bland for my taste... however, I found out later that it was intended to be that way.  It was supposed to be served with a bottle of HP sauce so that the pie can be flavored to the individual taste of the guest.  My Shepherd's Pie didn't happen to come with a bottle of HP, which was a training issue that was quickly resolved when the manager heard about it.  Since then, I've seen people use a little HP sauce, use a lot, or none at all!  It's an interesting concept, but it works, and I think that it works well for the dish.Which brings me to the Bread Pudding.  Oh, where do I BEGIN??  It is, without any doubt, the BEST bread pudding that I've had in a restaurant.  PERIOD.  The first time that I had it, I asked the manager if he had a license to sell that stuff because it was DANGEROUS!I was happy when O'Briens opened and despite their first month hiccups, I'm happy they're still here.  I look forward to seeing them evolve into a neighborhood  institution.
4	Their food is awesome! The servers are very friendly. We've gone a few times now and we're never disappointed.
4	I thought a lot about this pub after leaving Friday night.  I love this hatch-ling.  The bar in the center interior is fantastic.  Intimate.  If you want your very own place where after a few visits you are a known regular with your own seat, then now is the time to claim your place.  I thought about ladies like myself who love sports bars and wish I lived near here so this could be my place for my gal pals and I to meet and eat and drink - alas I'm in Los Angeles.  The beers were larger than other bars - I have no idea but maybe over 16 oz?  I tried 4 peaks kilt-lifter - yummy.  We had "Irish Pizza" and "Shepherds Pie Sliders" split between 3 ladies these two apps were just right.  The seating area of the restaurant will need more time to be an outdoors indoors.  You have to see this place, the bar area is like a building inside of the restaurant that looks like an Irish pub.  The seating around this "building" could look more like an exterior setting.  I'm thinking street lights and twinkly lights and shrubbery.  Gotta love shrubbery.  They are finishing a private function room with big TVs that looks good too.  There are about 20 TVs in the bar.  We laughed a lot and had a great visit at this bar.  I'll be back at least once a year.  Thanks O'Briens and Thanks Mesa for a nice visit.
5	Glad I stopped , they weren't busy still a new place off the radar .  Man was that Beer cold!!!!  Great happy hour prices ,great food !!
4	Was just in Phoenix for a couple days and gave O'Briens a shot. I always try to find local gems over chains and I'm usually happy I did. And I was again here. The place is new and they could use a few more people in the place. But I think they have great potential. Good food. Nice servers. And the owner made sure we enjoyed ourselves and made sure we tried the bread pudding. When I go back, I may try to bring some of that stuff home. To die for!
4	Went back to try Happy Hour at O'Brien's and holy crap, those plates were huge and delicious! If you get a chance stop by for their happy hour it is well worth it. Staff is still green but noticeably getting better. It was just as cold in the restaurant as is was outside, fine once you start eating and drinking though. Perhaps a few degrees warmer would have been nice. A couple next to us was complaining about the cold too. Shouldn't need a jacket inside a building. Definitely, will be back to try more!
5	Finally got to check this place out. Had to try the cornbeef. Very good. The best was the stuffed mushrooms. Cant wait to go back.
4	I have lived in Mesa most of my life here in Arizona, and I remember this location when it used to be TGIFriday's. (when they were decent)  I typically do not drive on Longmore Rd. unless stopping at Fiesta Mall for something, which is rare these days; however, I did recently drive by and noticed O'Brien's "Yes! We're Open!" sign.  I thought, "oh wow! After all these years, it's finally occupied again."  I decided to try it out this past Sunday since I read on their site they showed "All of the games".  We got there right as they opened or maybe a few minutes just past, and I was impressed with the decor. I loved that they kept the bar separate from the restaurant and was right in your view as you walked in. Definitely inviting, and the color scheme is very warm with rich browns and dark wood.  And when they said "All of the games", they weren't kidding! 16 tvs (I believe is what I counted), in the bar area and they did in fact have all of the football games along with basketball, hockey, golf, and even bowling.  Definitely, something for every sports fan.We were greeted by two bartenders, one who had been there since they opened in September and the other was her first day. Both were incredibly friendly and I have to give props to the "veteran" bartender who informed me after I ordered a bloody mary that their mix was very spicey and she can make it less spicey for me if I like. I really appreciate a bartender who gives details like that and it was an A-MAZING bloody mary. To my surprise, it came with a slim jim. Who would've thought it would be good!? Well, it was and after I told a few friends about it, they made their way to join me in about an hour.  (And they too ordered a bloody mary)There wasn't much of a crowd but then again, it was late morning on a Sunday and most of the "good" games weren't showing until 2:30pm, so I wasn't too surprised. But by 1pm, the bar was definitely filling up and while the bartenders may have been frazzled by the sudden increase in patrons, it never took the smile off their face.  It was clear they were understaffed but those that were available definitely gave it their best service.We ordered the fried pickles and McNachos and I was incredibly impressed with the portions for both.  A nice helping of fried pickles definitely made me happy and the batter was nice and light and had a bit of flakeyness to it which was perfect. The McNachos were HUGE and very tasty. I also liked that they put the toppings off to the side, which made it easier to dip/dunk instead of having a plate of soggy nachos.  I'm looking forward to trying other items on the menu, for sure.They also did have drink specials which I learned once I asked, but they weren't listed anywhere.With some more advertising, stable wait staff, and a few tuneups here and there, this place can definitely be the new "it spot" for us in the area. I will definitely be back and plan to bring others with me. I would love to see this place stick around!
5	good food, decent pricing and good abiance, tons of tvs
3	Tried this place for the first time and it's okay.  Watched the owner refuse service to a guy in a tank top who seemed horribly offended.  The owner later told me that he's not running a dive bar.  Good for him!  Although I was unaware that only classless people who hang out in dive bars wear tank tops.  It was about 6 pm and there were 8 or 9 people in the restaurant.  We ate in the bar which was as quiet as a library.  16 televisions and no volume on any of them.  The owner remained sitting at the end of the bar the entire time we were there, however he was not drinking.  Our server who was also the bartender was very pleasant, but had no knowledge of the menu items and had to actually reference the menu to tell you what came with your order.  We had the fish fry dinners for $12.99 with an iced tea and Dr. Pepper.  The order came with 3 fish filet's, hand cut french fries, cole slaw, tartar sauce, and one large onion ring.  Our server told us the dinner came with onion rings at first and we wondered why they would call it fish n' chips.  The fish was just okay.  Small filet of cod and plenty of breading.  Nothing I would go back for.  The onion ring was hand battered and probably the best part of the meal.  The fries were good and not greasy.  The cole slaw tasted freshly cut, but had absolutely no flavor whatsoever.  The total bill was $33 and change, so I guess the (what we thought were free refills) were not.  Old bar trick...pack the glass with ice, so they drink it up faster.  It's just a matter of time before this place goes under.  Micro managing owner, untrained staff, mediocre food, and a near morgue like atmosphere is just not a recipe for success.
4	A great bar with individual controls for TVs around the walls. Outside the central bar area is restaurant seating indoors and a nice patio. Beer price per volume is excellent. Good selection on tap and plenty of spirits to be enjoyed straight or in cocktails. Food is uniformly well prepared. I especially like the fish sticks, cut fresh from filets. The owner is attentive to this new Irish pub. Great happy hour menu!
4	The set up of the bar has a lot of potential & the service is great.  They do have a lot of growing to do, but they are still a fairly new bar.  Give them a year or so of development & this 4 star review will become a 5 star review!
1	St. Patrick's Day and after a day of work and night at the gym I wanted to go out and get an order of corned beef & cabbage and a Guinness. After two failed attempts at other establishments (one $10 per person to get in and the second closed the kitchen at 8) I called O'Brien's. I was impressed that they answered the phone, it sounded quiet in the background, and their kitchen was open until 12. It is right behind the Fiesta Mall and had plenty of parking. When I walked in it was spacious and although there were several people it was not too busy - and it was quiet. We sat down at 9:20 in the bar area. There was a guy cleaning tables beside us and two servers that walked by multiple times. The hostess came in, gave someone a menu, and left. We still waited. I looked at everyone as they waited on surrounding tables or walked by, yet we went unacknowledged. I stopped someone and asked if we could get a minute. We finally received one and it was some minutes before the server came to our table. When she did she said "oh wait - let me get some paper to write down your order". She returned quickly and wrote down the corned beef & cabbage, a Guinness, and lemonade. We waited, and waited, and waited some more. I was growing increasingly impatient. I saw her occasionally walking around, yet we still had no drink. 15 minutes, 20 minutes, 30 minutes. Still no drink. I understand the food would take longer, but the drinks? I looked at their clock and it said 8:57. I stopped a different server walking by told her I was five minutes from walking out. She asked why and I informed her we still didn't have drinks. A guy came up, apologized and I said whatever - I am leaving in three minutes. He asked what we ordered. I said apparently a time consuming lemonade and Guinness because we can't seem to get one in under a half hour. He looked shocked and asked what food we ordered. He apologized and said he would check on it. I reminded him he was down to two minutes and I didn't care what he did with it. He did hustle and brought the lemonade and Guinness, and apologized. Then he went into the back and immediately returned with a plate of corned beef and cabbage. We had also at some point added mozzarella sticks and he returned a couple of minutes later with those. Our original server came by and she said "oh, sorry" and asked if she could get anything else for us. I said how about a second set of silverware. She said okay, but we never did see that surface. Another server stopped by, apologized and said "there have been a lot of mix-ups tonight". She said the manager would stop by and talk to us, but he was with someone else right now. The helpful male server stopped by again to see if we needed anything, and the manager showed up at the same time. He dropped off another Guinness and lemonade that must have been from the kid's menu. I told him I didn't think I would drink that other beer. He said "try", then he walked the male server to the side and asked where we came from....meaning whose table did he take over. Then he said something about taking the food and someone had been waiting for something for a long time - it sounded like he was getting in trouble for helping out. Maybe he took someone else's food. I don't know what their story was, and sorry I we ate your food. The manager never did speak to us other than giving us the free drinks we didn't want. They did not take anything off the bill - the corned beef, the cheese sticks, lemonade, and Guinness came to $26.45. We also never received the second set of silverware. I understand it is St. Patrick's Day and most places are crazy busy. This was not that busy and had sufficient staff coverage. For an Irish bar this is your Black Friday. You have one day that you are really busy and need to be at the top of your game. This was far from it. The food was good, but the service (except for the one guy who eventually got talked to) was horrible. It was slow and I was getting annoyed before it really was slow and I was annoyed. It should not take that long to get a menu, and then drinks should be immediate - not 40 minutes. I appreciate the server who tried to help, even if he got in trouble. Even though the food was good, I will never go back to that business. If someone were to take my dead body and put it in the restaurant I would turn into a zombie if nothing more than to walk out of there.
1	The worst St. Patrick's ever. We waited 30 minutes to be seated, and nobody helped us at all, so we decided to sit ourselves in the bar area. We cleaned out our own table (waitress left her cleaning supplies on the table and left to do something else and came back 15 minutes later). We ordered 2 drinks, and that was around 20 minutes wait. Then ordered an appetizer and 2 entrees, and after 40 minutes of waiting, we had to ask our waitress for the appetizer which she forgot to order. In the meantime, other tables (of people that got there way after us) where having meals that they didn't ordered, cold plates, etc. but at least they were having food. She brought the appetizer 15 minutes later, but not our food, waited another 30 minutes for the food and we had to look for her (she was all over the place and unavailable) to ask her about the food. She came back 15 minutes later to tell us they run out of what we ordered around 1 and a half hours before. We left right after, really hungry and after 2 1/2 hours of the worst service and wait ever. I don't have an opinion about the food, because we didn't "have the chance" to eat, but If you want to keep in business, you will need to hire qualified and more staff. Super disappointing experience.
4	The drinks at this place are reasonably priced without happy hour!  Well drinks are just 4 and guineas 22 ounce for 5. The bartenders are attentive and friendly. My husband ordered the blarny burger and he loved it. It was cooked perfectly.  I ordered fish and chips and I didnt love it. The fish was kind of bland and the cole slaw too. But...I will be back for the drinks!!
2	This was a descent place when it was open. It didn't even last one year. I blame the owner. The food was really good, the servers were eager to help you, sometimes too eager since I never saw more than 1 other customer there in their early days. I think the most I have ever seen was five tables being served in the dining room.Hence the problem. The owner acted like a stubborn ass, and would not do any advertising. He did not take any advice from local patrons or his employees. He did not seem to try and reach out to the community. He would also talk customers' ears off while they ate and would berate his employees publicly. This area of town is already struggling to lift itself out of the recession, and we could tell this guy's business was doomed from the start.It's too bad. it was a nice place with great food. Now it is another abandoned building adding to the already existing blight in this part of Mesa. I feel bad for the employees. They deserved better.
