5	Brand new Beer and more importantly, Wine Bar in the heart of Downtown Glendale.  Makes me so happy!  I had the opportunity of going in over the Glitters weekend, and having a glass of great wine, for a decent price too! (6.5)  They are nestled between the AZ Skin Clinic and the Gaslight Inn B&B (which also just opened up).  There selection of wine is about 12-15 or so options, with about 10 beers on tap, and around 40 total.  I may be off just a bit, but trust me, it's totally worth stopping by for a try!
4	This is a new wine and beer bar. They are just starting out and are developing their identity and style. We met Jody and Dixie, and they took great care of us. The cheese plate is just enough for two to share with a couple glasses of wine. They are connected to the Gaslight Inn B&B so they have the capacity to spread out if they need the room. Watch this place... It will soon be the place to go. My wife and I plan to visit on a regular basis.
5	Half price bottles of wine on Wednesdays!  Stop in and get an excellent bottle half off...loved the atmosphere too.  Right next door to Haus Murphy's & the Gaslight Inn.
3	I'm impressed by the attractive old world aesthetic of the building. The actual bar, from what I hear, is a couple hundred years old or so and brought in from London, and the tin ceiling, though painted (which makes me sad, because authentically distressed tin ceilings are the 'rage'- don't they know?) is original to the building and adds a lot of character. It's a small cozy spot that lacks trendy pretension.  I think it has more of a friendly neighborhood feel. The clientele kind of reminds me of clientele at a sports bar, but not as rowdy and the bartender is very boisterous and friendly. It's an interesting combo and a nice atmosphere with a decent libation menu.I'm giving OTG Wine and Beer 3 stars, because I think it's a welcome and needed addition to the neighborhood and hopefully a sign of good things to come. I would advise against eating here, as the food is made at the Bed and Breakfast that's attached next door (owned by the same people) and it is very poor quality. It's mainly just frozen foods brought in. They do not offer anything that's really house made, fresh or healthy. To me that's pretty terrible. I eat a "clean" diet, and I can't trust that there is anything on the menu I can consume. Who knows, maybe some cool restaurants will pop up in the area in response to a nice looking wine bar.
4	Wish it was more crowded, because this place could be so cool!
4	Great place to hang out! We stopped in here during the Glendale Chocolate Festival for a drink and to get away from the crowds. The bartender was super friendly without being overbearing, and he happily brought me a generous sample to try. They had a sweet moscato that I liked and enough unique brews to satisfy my beer-loving hubby. We didn't actually order any food so I can't way if that was good or not, but I love the atmosphere of this place and we'll definitely be back.
4	"Let's get our drink on in Old Towne Glendale!"-No one, everThat is, until this little gem came around. Taking a stroll between novelty stores and a pretty cool library, keep your eyes peeled for a little entrance reading "OTG". You've now stumbled in the best bar you're gonna find for several miles in any direction.Expect tasty taps and an expansive wine selection. They've even got some 'draft' wine from from little barrels. You know you don't get that often! I took a seat and had a Kona Koko Brown, but if you want something local, they've got ya covered, even if it's in one of the dozens of bottled selections to choose from. My only complaints are that tables were too close together, making it cramped. And that the lights are waaaaaay too bright. Like, seriously, it's 9:30pm, and it's so bright I feel like I'm in some office. Tone it down. Because it closes early, and is pretty quiet, I'm gonna go ahead and designate this as a great day drinking destination. Just make sure you have a DD...there is a giant police station just a stone's throw away!
4	On my recent stay in Glendale I found this lovely wine bar.  It's a cozy little place that doesn't seat many people.  The whole place is so unlike the rest of downtown Glendale that you feel like you're somewhere else while you're inside drinking.  Nice selection of wine.  I settled on glass of chianti but they had plenty of other reds to choose from.
5	There are not many taps at OTG. But they get rotated frequently. The bartender is always friendly and just the right amount of helpful while letting the wife and I chat after working too often.The selection of bottles is top notch for such a small pub. The run specials often and have plenty of events and even do fun things when downtown Glendale is running an event. They recently started serving app style food but I haven't tried anything yet.If you want a nice casual hangout for a couple of friends after work, this is the place to go.
5	This place is great.  The staff is very friendly and even gave me a little tour of the building.  Great prices and an amazing selection.  I live 30 minutes away and will be making this a regular hang out.  If you show up while i am there, chances are, i will buy you a round.
4	This is a new wine and beer bar. They are just starting out and are developing their identity and style. We met Jody and Dixie, and they took great care of us. The cheese plate is just enough for two to share with a couple glasses of wine. They are connected to the Gaslight Inn B&B so they have the capacity to spread out if they need the room. Watch this place... It will soon be the place to go. My wife and I plan to visit on a regular basis.
4	I love going to this wine bar when in old town Glendale, and not too many people have figured out it's there yet so it's not usually too busy. That's a good thing because it does not fit many people. The wine list doesn't change too often and the wine is pretty pricy without many specials ever going on, but it's one of the only places on this side of the valley to get a decent glass of wine. They also have a huge beer selection. The staff is very nice and always willing to let you taste. I have never tried their appetizers but it looks like they have yummy options. It's right next to Haus Murphy so I always drop by before or after dinner.
5	Went there last night with my girlfriend and had a great Bruschetta spread. They still had my favorite fall beer as well (always worth a star or 2). The staff was friendly; it's not too crowded or loud to hear your friends. Great food and great atmosphere.
5	What an amazing find.  Delicious local talent that deserves recognition.  Perfect spot for girls night out or a special evening with your special someone.   Amazing, hard to find Washington wine.  Most places only have CA wine, not here, many choices.  The food is worth writing home about.  Value, flavor, and originality make this a grand place to go.
5	Beautiful bar. Great food.  AWESOME craft beer/wine selection.  Friendly and helpful service.  Fun local hangout that is very welcoming to first-timers...definitely going back!
