5	Caring and professional.  The knowledgeable teachers at Madison Pilates provide individualized attention that assures safe progress.I have been a patron for years, taking 2 and 3 classes per week.  I credit Madison Pilates for my mobility and ability to enjoy gardening and keeping up with my grandchildren at 68.
5	The studio offers private lessons and a wide variety of equipment classes, from intro to advanced classes.  Classes are limited to five people, so you're ensured a lot of personal attention (you may think the instructor isn't looking, but in reality she's watching you like a hawk).   Class routines are never the same, something unique about MP.  One week you may be doing your entire 50 minutes on the reformer, while next week the entire session may be on the chair.  MP is a very beginner friendly studio.  All the legitimate studios I've worked out at have prerequisite requirements of at least five private one-on-one lessons for beginners before being allowed take part in a class.  MP has a two level series of intro reformer classes to acquaint newbies to the equipment.  All the instructors are all in-house trained, and well versed in the practice and the applied anatomy.  Prices are very reasonable for private lessons (~$65/hour), and group classes start at under $20 per session, depending on how many you purchase in a package.  The studio does offer introductory packages for first-time clients and Groupon specials from time to time; however, once you try it, you'll be hooked!  I've trained at a couple of different studios/health clubs in Madison and several others in LA, SF, and NY.   I've been going to MP for a little over a year.  I am definitely a satisfied client, and thus highly recommend the studio!  There's definitely a great vibe at the place!
5	I recommend the $25 consultation that they offer new clients.  It's a great one-on-one and well worth it.  I've done Pilates at a different studio in town, so I knew what I was getting into, but it's amazing how much there's still to learn.  And that's the best thing about Madison Pilates - you're never done learning which makes it new and exciting every time you attend a class.I enjoy the equipment classes, but the mat classes  kick my butt just as much if not more.  You're abs will be sore but you'll thank them later!
