3	Needed some household items, so I stopped by this location since it's nearby.  The store is organized like your typical Walgreens, very predictable location for items......so it made for an easy in/out.Friendly cashier was a bonus.Return Factor - 80%
3	Our family likes this Walgreens a lot and we're always stopping in during the week.One thing this Walgreens does have that the other nearby pharmacies do not is an on-site health-care professional called: "Take Care Clinic".  Last year I needed some shots for an overseas trip and I was able to come here to get them.  They also seem to do a good business with Flu and Shingle shots.The other positive is their drive-thru window which makes it so easy to pickup prescription when your doctor calls ahead.  Nice!
2	Ok... lets review this Walgreen. They sell drugs, and cigarettes. All they need to add is sex and rock 'n roll and they would have it all!  :)I never really understood how a "drug store" (aka a place that one would think is interested in your well being) (they even have a health clinic in this particular location) could sell so much stuff that is really bad for you.  Time to get off my soap box. I am not a overly big Walgreen's fan. I hate that they do not do the $4 generic prescriptions like many other large pharmacies do. There also ALWAYS seems to be a long line at this particular location when picking up medication. Nothing like standing in line in front of the "health clinic' full of sick people waiting to be seen by a "health care provider" (aka nurse), waiting to pick up my 3 month supply of Viagra... and a six pack of Walgreen's Brand Beer for $1.99. What can I say... I am a cheap drunk!
4	I don't know why everyone hates on this Walgreens.  This is the only pharmacy I go to since moving to the area.  Sometimes the drive thru is a hassle but usually I can get in and out pretty fast and they have whatever you could possibly need.
4	Living in Phoenix means I don't have to wear deodorant seven months of the year.The other five, there's not enough deodorant in the world to cover my pit stank. This is why I go to Walgreens.At Walgreens, I can buy Dial antibacterial bar soap, go home, shower, and while doing so, pretend like I'm a surgeon scrubbing in for a major procedure. Only instead of scrubbing my hands, I do my pits with this stuff.The result. I don't have to use deodorant in the summer either. And, no pit stank!Try this, you'll be surprised how well it works.So much so, you'll find yourself freakishly sniffing your pits throughout the day in curious disbelief. It's glorious. Note: Be careful your co-workers don't catch you huffing your pits in public or else they'll think something's wrong with you.
1	After work I walked to Walgreens to return some bandaids that I bought after I realized I still had a full box at home.  When I walked in I went straight to the register which at the time had no line.  Shortly after I got to the register two other customers followed in line behind me. I told the older lady at the register that I had a return and she said that it would take awhile and asked if she could ring up the two customers behind me first.  I happily said yes considering that they each only had one item. After she rang them up about 4 more people were behind me. The   Cashier then looked at me and said "I'm sorry but there is now a long line and there are customers waiting. Can you just go to the photos to get this done?"  In the past I have been treated differently with service because of being a teenager but did not expect this from Walgreens. If it had been an adult in my position she would not have put my needs or service to the side continuously.  It was incredibly unprofessional saying that "the customers are waiting" when I am just as much as a customer as they are and I had already been waiting. I was originally first in line and gladly let 2 customers in front of me.  By that time I just wanted to get out of there and went to the photo register. The lady there was done with my return in a matter of seconds! The manager there should really talk to their employees about treating everyone equally and not putting a customer's return or transaction to the side because of their age.   It was just ridiculous.
2	ALWAYS, always a wait at the pharmacy. No effort to accommodate customers. Seldom do they open the 2nd of 3 stations that they have back there.  I don't even know why they set 3 up???  They only use 1.  Getting eye contact is next to impossible. So is a sincere apology for the lack of customer service in place.  Its not due to shortage of staffing either.  There are usually plenty of people back there and despite a lineup of people, they always seem to prioritize the driveup.  Its frustrating, because you know that whomever just pulled up isnt waiting yet if you are in the makeshift waiting area they take precedence.  I need to figure out where to go.  There is no shortage of pharmacies to choose from.
1	I am reviewing the pharmacy portion only, not the main store.  I have never seen such inept customer service, especially when it comes to medications.  It is now 3 days and counting (today is Friday), as I have not received my visiting father's medications yet.  He lives in NY, but is visiting me in AZ and needed a prescription refilled, which requires Walgreen's to call his NY pharmacy for a transfer.  Simple process, takes a minute, as we have done this before.  Over the last 3 days, Walgreen's has had to take the information 3x, as each person on each shift apparently does not share information with each other.  As of day 3, they still have not called.  I followed up again today, and they said they would call.  10 minutes later, our phone rings, as they asked for the NY pharmacist!  Time to call corporate. Thank goodness is is not a life-threatening situation.  On a side note, I think that there also should be some level of professionalism, as being served by someone with visible facial body piercings/jewelry is just unsettling in a pharmacy.  And when I call, I should be put on hold when waiting instead of listening to employees talk about other people's medications and insurance, which happened today.  There has got to be some HIPAA violation there.  When I finally got confirmation that the call went through, I asked the pharmacist why this took 3 days, and my constant follow-up.  She said, "I don't know, I just work Thursdays and Fridays." I tried to explain that she was on when this happened, but gave up. She passed my info to the head pharmacist, who will be calling me when she gets in. Moral of the story:  if it's not a straight-up prescription, make sure you follow up.  Or just go to CVS or Walmart...they are much better at customer service.
1	I went to get a prescription filled there and I was told they did not have the item in stock but could order it and have it the next day.  I accepted as it was not something I needed immediately and a day sounded acceptable ( I dropped it off on Monday)As of Wednesday no word of my prescription so I go in to inquire about it.  The first guy I asks looks clueless and gets the pharmacist.  He says they no longer make the item I need and that they have sent a request to my Drs office.  I call my Drs office that evening, leave a message for the Dr, and she calls on Friday and speaks directly to a pharmacist as to what to change it to.  As of Monday, still no word on my prescription.  I call and ask what the problem is and they say my Dr has not called yet, so I call the Dr and leave another  message.  She calls me back the next day, lets me know that she spoke with them on Friday and that they just did not order it.  Finally on Tuesday  which is 8 days after I dropped my prescription off I get a call saying they ordered my item and I could pick it up the next day.  I am quite positive that they never sent a request to my Dr's office and I am certain that they yet again dropped the ball when she told them what to substitute.  My Dr's office is always competent and very efficient and I get the feeling that this particular Walgreens is most certainly not.  They did not keep me informed on what was happening and I shouldn't have had to keep wasting my time trying to figure out why they weren't filling my prescription and I also feel that they shouldn't be wasting my physicians time having to call them multiple times.  I got a feeling that they just really don't care about their customers.  They were not apologetic and I just got the feeling that not one person there cared at all.
3	I've been inside this Walgreens a few times now. First time was for a semi-medical emergency (hit my foot and was bleeding profusely with no bandages at work). Then I've been a few times to get a rental at the Redbox. Most recent trip was to see if they had zip ties. Well, no zip ties. (I know; why would Walgreens even carry zip ties? Ask my husband.) Needless to say, this Walgreens is conveniently located and easy to get in and out. They always seem decently busy and the cashier is always friendly with a smile and a greeting. Overall, it's a great place to come grab some quick medical supplies or rent a Redbox.
3	My neighborhood Walgreens.  I can always count on this place when I need to buy random stuff around the house or meds when we get sick.  Since it's located on the corner of busy streets, it gets really packed at times.  The parking lot is not very big and sometimes you have to park near Chipotle or AJ's.It's organized like your typical Walgreens and offers a drive thru pharmacy.Return Factor - 80%
1	Not an easy place to buy something. Long lines, credit card processing not working properly. Staff was nice but appeared to be unprepared for customer volume and procedures.
5	Great service love the look of the new design . Much better flow to store now.
4	"Drew" at the pharmacy answered all of my Mom's questions, was friendly, and even cracked a joke.  It was a very short visit, but pleasant.
