5	Amazing!  From someone who went to the taste of Chicago several times, taste of Madison is so much better!  Everything was priced from $2-6 and the average dish was about $4.  Variety of vendors (75 total I believe) and I had the fish taco from a costs rica place which was pretty good. Wanted to try the jerk chicken..next time!  The deep fried cheese curds with spicy sauce was the best!  I loved that it wasn't too crowded, and it was all around the square streets of the Starr's capital..loved it and love the people of Madison!  Also was the UW Badgers game so it was a sea of red!!  Lots of fun for families as well!
5	I like to taste. I like Madison. I liked Taste of Madison.
5	I work in Madison and live in Milwaukee and learned about Taste of Madison last year.  Sounded like a great way to sample the local food so the family stayed on Washington Ave at the Hyatt Fri & Sat night and it was awesome.First, everything is $4 or less.  That is amazing . It's a charity event, for who specifically I don't know, doesn't really even say on their website.We are headed back again this year staying on Washington Ave, just a few blocks away again.Lots of great food, but the one that I am craving and will be eating multiple of is from Caracas Empanadas--specifically the Sweet Plantain & Roasted Garlic Empanada for $2!!! Me and my wife will probably end up getting 6 of these before we're done.For anyone in Madison that hasn't gone here, you need to make it.  Anyone in the surrounding areas, there are hotels walking distance that makes it a mini-vacation.Enjoy!
4	A great way to learn about a lot of excellent restaurants around Madison. Definitely a lot of Yelp favorites to be found here, but a number of others as well that I had never heard of. One star subtracted because of the overwhelming amount of fried food present-- understandable, since it makes for easy food to walk around with, but not really a true taste of all Madison has to offer.
4	The Taste is a great time.  It is an easy way to explore the food of Madison by walking the block.  Though there are tons of people and typically, this is the same reason why I try to avoid the Farmer's Market.  I did end up choosing to have a pretzel, one of the longer lines, of course, but it was great.  No more of the plastic-like cheese!  We also had a bacon wrapped jalapeno popper...for $3.00.  One popper.  I thought they got the order wrong at first.  Yes, it was good but that was pretty steep.  The beer was also rather overpriced but I was not surprised.Madison does do a great job at having a variety of ethnic foods.  A great variety in items as well.  Smoothies, to cup cakes, to jambalaya, to deep fried cheese curds.  Who could expect less from Madison?Bands were also entertaining!  I was happy to be given the opportunity to let my tummy settle so I can make more room for another round of food!
5	I didn't exactly plan on being at Madison during the Taste of Madison.  But, it was super sweet that Labor Day weekend coincides with it.  My girlfriend and I did Monona Terrace tour followed by Capitol tour then got hungry at around 4ish.  We scoped out the usual suspects.  I felt kinda bummed not being able to try deep fried cheese curds at the Mn State Fair.  So, she treated me to some curds and it was really good especially with some ranch dip.  Afterwards, we tried some unagi (eel, rice, and some sponge-like fish stick.  Next, we tried a samosa which was good.  Then, we got a fried halibut fillet which in my opinion was the best.  Afterwards, we finished up with some macaroons- lavender and rosemary.  In my humble opinion, this far exceeds the Mn State Fair in terms of price and portion.  Mn State Fair costs $13 just to enter the fairgrounds.  Plus, you got to dish out more for those large portion sizes.  Unless you are traveling with a group of teenage boys, you have no chance to try everything and need to be very selective.  This is unless you are my colleague at work who carries in a bag with tupperware and wax paper plus cold packs to ice down the chocolate dipped bacon and also keep all the Martha's cookies separated.  On the other side, you have the Taste of Madison which has no entrance fee/admission.  Plus, all food is $5 or under which is what was advertised.  And, you get to taste pretty much everything without going into a food coma with the large portion sizes.  Yeah, it's 4 hours away but the crowd here in Madison was not bad.  Plus, we stayed at a super sweet location at Hilton Monona Terrace which was right on the lake and got lakeside room.  Hands down, the closest to a state fair without dealing with the crowds.  A few weeks ago, I could only count a few items I had at the fair- Martha's chocolate cookies, corn on the cob, and honey ice cream with sunflower seeds.  So, I would totally come back here again.  The only thing I would say would have made Mn State Fair a better choice would be the free things since I did score a sweet insulated lunch bag.  Plus, you do have more shows and exhibits- loved the agriculture and forestry bldgs (not so much with the barnyard animals since it was smelly).
