4	I only go on Tuesday for $1.25 Fish Taco night and they are yummy!   Where can you have dinner so cheap, besides Costco's hot dog and drink?
2	In general our family really likes Rubios.  This location does not seem to have the same quality or consistency as the one we go to in Surprise.  The few times we have stopped in, it has been somewhat disappointing.That said, we would still go back only because we really like the menu, and they have truly healthy options with some menu items.  Just wish the food looked as good when it comes out of the kitchen as it does in Surprise.
4	Service is fantastic, always friendly.  I love the grilled veggie burro, and also the portabello and poblano taco!  My son loves the cheese quasadilla kids meal, it's sort of rolled like a cheesy burro which makes it easy for him to manage.  On our most recent trip my mom tried the grilled grande bowl and really enjoyed it, she said it was perfect for summer, not as heavy as a burro but very yummy.
2	I'm spoiled by the old location we had here in Surprise where the staff was fun, friendly, and on point. This location, the staff is indifferent, in a rush, and don't even make eye contact with you when you order. I really hate that. The menu is the same and the food is good. But the staff is what really makes this location a 2 star joint. They really need to get a personality!
3	I have now been here twice. The fish taco is like nothing I have had elsewhere, and I enjoyed it. I can't say that I like it as much as Chipotle, but it is decent food and it has Chipotle slightly beat when it comes to price (although it is still kind of expensive for what you get). One great thing about Rubio's though that I love is that they give you a free meal on your birthday (with signup). That shows that they care for their customers and it was what brought me into the restaurant. I will probably visit from time to time.
5	Great food fast.  Clean place.  Good service.  Try the shrimp burrito and fish tacos.
5	This Rubios has gotten much better!  I think that the quality has improved all the way around.  Great service, and good good food.  Monica is always friendly and helpful and I think she is a standout star here!
4	Clean tables and floor. Outdoor seating. Tasty fish tacos. Great place to stop for lunch.
4	We've been here twice, so far I am fairly impressed by the location. Clean, lots of seating inside and out, fast service. Got a burrito both times and there is a ton of food and its very good. A little on the pricey side, at least the portions are big enough that we usually have left overs to take home.
2	I sure missed me some Rubio's while living in Texas for the past 4 years!The restaurant chain as a whole is one of my favorites, but this location is just not up to par. I'm rating based on multiple visits, all having a consistent "meh" experience. I have zero issues with the food. It's still the delicious Rubio's that I expect. My office is walking distance away; I would love to come here more often, but just can't bring myself to do it.The entrance leaves only enough room for 2-3 people to stand in line to order. And stand in line you will! Every time I have come here was during the lunch rush, and not once was there more than one person taking orders. You're forced to either block the entrance/exit or take the line outside (which is not desirable in the heat of the summer). Once you do finally reach the counter to place your order, consider yourself lucky if the employee even looks at you. Not once in 5+ times has anybody smiled and greeted me here, which I had come accustomed to when I worked over by the location on Tatum & Bell (5+ years ago). I have also never found an empty table that didn't require me grabbing a bunch of napkins to clean up so I can sit down.I don't know if complaints have been rolling in, but my most recent visit was a little better. Tables still had some mess, but not nearly as bad. And the guy that brought me my food actually smiled and asked if I needed anything else.I'm giving this 1 star for being Rubio's (I already said I like the chain) and 1 star for the hint and turning the service issues around recently. If it continues to improve I will re-visit my rating.
4	I stopped in because I never tried a fish taco. I ended up buying the Cabo Platter, a fish taco and a shrimp burrito. The Fish Taco's breading was way overcooked to the point of burned - I couldn't taste or feel the texture of the fish my first two bites. The Shrimp Burrito was delicious.  While I would go back again I'd probably avoid another fish taco as a result of this. Overall, it was a good eating experience and I would return.
