2	This place is an A&W/ Long John Silver's combo store so all your french fries taste like fish. They do have root beer on ice cold tap. Some of the items on the menu are ok, but most of time I leave disappointed. They do have a jukebox and lots of comfy boothes but its still fast food & its fish & burgers. Not the best but if your intoxicated it'll do.
3	Grr8 f@st f00d. S pee d srvice. A&W 2.Smtimes wh-n U hyr unqualified people 2 run ur bizness they do not CONVERSATE co-rec-ly across the DRIVEUP ORDERING PLACARD but when u pull up 2 thuh DRIVEUP wind doe they cant be bothered 2 spek CLEARLY so they can be Un Der stood instead they want to talk about playing grabass and FORGET to put a FORK in the BAG and KETCHUP even tho I akksed fo' it!The moral of this story: Hire Employees Who Represent The Image You Want The Public To See, and Fire The Lazy Ones.
3	I know it's not fancy, but I enjoy Long John Silver and A&W burgers. I get the fish and chicken platter from LJS and the bacon cheddar burger from A&W. I definately am addicted to the A&W root beer from the draft.
3	When I want a quick seafood fix, this is my spot. Only bad thing is, when I leave I feel like my arteries just clogged up.
3	Typical Long John Silver's fried chicken and seafood, but since it's attached to A&W, you can also get some root beer while you're here. Everything is fried in the LJS batter including the onion rings, which made them a little too salty for my taste. Service is fast here and my order was ready before I could finish filling up my drink. Only real downside was that a hobo walked in while I was there, asked for a drink cup and sat down mumbling to himself and sleeping at a booth...not sure why this was tolerated by the staff or allowed.
2	The food was really fresh and good however the building was really dirty and the bathrooms for filthy.  The dining room is dirty and there's no napkins or lids for the drinks.  The only way this place is open it's because the food is good the rest of the staff is lousy the dining room is lousy and everything else is dirty!
1	What are the chances of getting my money back?  I wanted to try your restaurant out for the first time. I had the 2 fish, 6 shrimp platter with rice. And the lobster bites. The lobster bites, fish, and shrimp were bland and greasy.  My fingers were literary greasy after picking up the food. The rice had zero flavor. The hush puppies were the most disgusting thing I've ever put in my mouth. Whatever fake butter that is used is horrible. It tasted like they were soaked in butter and then fried. The tarter sauce is sweet and the cocktail sauce has no kick to it. About 10 min after I had a few bites of each thing I literally vomited from all the grease and fake butter. I'm not sure why anyone would actually continue to eat this food. I would love to get my hard earned money back!
1	Ordered the cheese curds ($2) and the five piece dipping fish strips ($3) and somehow got a total of $7 with no explanation- and, after a ten minute wait during 5:00 rush, NO SAUCES with my order. That's right: no ketchup, no tartar sauce, nothing. All of this while the manager was standing by the register watching his staff working and chatting with them, but obviously not helping or correcting their mistakes.Ate the curds and hated myself for it- they were super greasy and half of them were more crunch than cheese. Tried to eat a strip without any dipping sauces (seriously, how did NO ONE in the kitchen notice this?!), and gave up, tossing the order.Never again. Grab chicken strips next door at Cain's, they have their act together even at midnight. And their sauce is delish.
1	Started the experience walking in and being told by the cashier that they were out of the onion rings as a side option.  Whatever; I ordered my L1 combo: 2fish/6shrimp.  Proceed over to get my beverage.  The condiment stand was filthy, the cocktail sauce pump and napkin dispensers were removed, leaving large holes.  The soda machine was out of diet root beer.  This is an A&W/mixed use venue...root beer is their trademark!  It was orange coming out and tasted like the orange soda.  I informed the cashier as he was handing me my order.  He said "no, it's just out".  So since I absolutely hate and cringe over diet Pepsi (the worst flavor in the world) I asked for some sweet & low packets for some fresh brewed iced tea...even pointing at the tea urns on the front counter.  He returns with Sweet & Sour packets.  I had to explain that I wanted the small pink paper packets of sugar-free sugar to sweeten up iced tea.  He responded with "OH, yeah, sorry, we're out of that too".  Upon seating at my table I noticed that my plate only had 1 piece of fish and the 6 shrimp.  Honestly, at this point I didn't even go back up since the math of counting up to 2 must be eluding them.  This was just a terrible visit.  I have been here several times before...never had a "great" visit...they are either mediocre or something such as this (this is my 3rd terrible encounter).
3	The fish is decent but the inside is very dirty and disgusting. When you come go drive thru and eat in the car it will be much better due to how dirty the place is. I will never eat inside again. Drive thru is the way to go.
3	This place has decent fish which is all I really ever get when I want some super greasy fish from a fast food place. The inside isn't that clean and the staff isn't very professional. The food from here is fresh most of the time, however you can sometimes taste the old grease. They need to change that stuff occasionally.
