5	I went to Party Planet (In Goodyear) today looking for invitations and not only did they have the invites I was looking for they were cheaper than another party store that is going out of business and has everything 50% off! They have great customer service and are family owned and operated. They also price match competitors ads.Party Planet does cakes and rentals. Their website has coupons for rentals, cakes, etc.I will be coming back to get the birthday cake, party supplies and balloons!
1	Very unimpressed with Party Planet all the way around. We ordered two balloon arches for our school promotion ceremonies and they failed to deliver one of them. It was due to arrive at 8AM and they argued with us about the delivery time being 8:30AM when we called. They called to tell us they were on the way to our school to deliver it and then never showed up so we didn't have an arch for our morning ceremony. I am sure that the only reason we got our second arch was because of our angry phone calls about the first one being a reminder that they had to bring the 2nd by the afternoon. Very unimpressed and will not be using them again in the future.
1	Your staff member was very helpful and made that visit extremely pleasant, but the order did not match those expectations. My graduation cake, did not even include my name and graduation class year, and congratulations. My balloons did not include the weight we paid for and was left out of the order, and I couldn't go back for it, so now I have to make another trip back for a refund. The balloon order was all jumbled up and tangled which was a pain to deal with. Also the balloon bouquet was not made, and after spending much time to untangle, we had to make them ourselves. This was extremely frustrating the day of a party to have to deal with.
5	I am giving Party Planet a rave review for customer service! I was searching for a cake for my husbands 30th bday party. I wanted something unique because it was also his graduation for his masters degree. Every private decorator was going to charge an arm and a leg for the "science" themed cake I wanted. I read a  review about Party Planet and their cakes, so I decided to stop in. I described the cake I wanted and the employee, Andrew, helped me design and cater one to what I wanted. We took a design they already had and just altered it. Not only that, he helped me do Periodic Table lettering by using his own computer to make the design. Then the store printed it on sugar paper. The price was right too!! This was above and beyond service. We picked up the cake a couple of weeks later and also decided to get balloons. We ordered a very small bouquet but the employee once again went above and beyond by putting a "long lasting" gel so they'd last through the party! He even offered my daughter a free pink balloon. She was ecstatic! Thank you Party Planet for helping my husbands party be a success. P.S. Everyone loved the cake!
