4	drive thru ATM's , walk up ATM's , no public restrooms, in the 99 cent shopping center.charleston/decatur. there can be some lines here. friendly tellers very efficient
1	This is that gigantic yet old Bank of America on Decatur and Charleston. There is a 99-cent store and a Blueberry Hill in the same shopping center.This place also happens to win the award for worst Bank of America in the world!I would expect such poor service from a Chase, but getting rude and incompetent service from a BOA is very unusual. All the workers here are angry and hate the actual concept of work. This attitude is typical of people who live here in Las Vegas. The reason why unemployment rates are so high here in LV is because people hate to work, and when they are forced to work they bring their lazy d-bag personality to the workplace. The midget they hired as the receptionist does nothing but condescends anyone who asks questions. His job only requires him to do one duty during the course of his 4 hour work day, and that lone duty they give him is to answer a few simple questions... yet somehow he can't even get that right. He is really defensive and passive-aggressive and does nothing but argue and snap on customers. An example= Some old man came up to him and asked him a simple question. He in returns just screams: "How is that my job? Stand in line and wait for a teller! That's why we have lines to stand in! Did you think all these people were standing in line for nothing!".   The banker I saw didn't do sh!t. The moment I sat down at her cubicle, it was obvious that she just didn't want to do any work. She was very unhelpful, lethargic, and lazy. The only skill she had was her incredible ability to avoid any type of activity that would be considered work. All I wanted to do was ask questions about upgrading my account and she calls the help-hotline on her desk phone. She then hangs up and tells me: "sorry the helpdesk seems to be offline. There is nothing I can do. Come back later". I then asked her to order me some new checks and she is like: "uuuuggghhhh....I'll do it later". WTF! She then tells me to leave and that she swears she will do it at a later time when she feels like it. She also promised to call me and confirm she did it. Guess what, she never called. She didn't do Sh!t! I logged onto my online banking a few minutes ago and noticed that she didn't even do 1 thing I asked her to do. I also wanted to update my address and she didn't even do that. The sad part is that she and the rest of the bankers here are probably at home right now in their Siegel Suites apartments in North Las Vegas, complaining about how "the MAN" makes them work their ass off for 18 long and grueling hours a week.Bank of America should fire these people. These people don't deserve a job that pays over min-wage. These guys ain't even qualified to pick up dogsh!t on soccer fields. These guys ain't even qualified to wear a Lady Liberty costume and twirl a sign that says "Tax Returns 20% off" at the corner of Maryland and Flamingo. I wouldn't even let these guys be around money in the first place. I seriously doubt these bankers can even count to 11..so how you gonna put them in a job where they handle money? That' f*cking nuts!
3	You might be in a questionable side of town of the tellers at the bank are behind a wall of glass. This was my first thought as I walked in.On the bright side, employees are quick, efficient, and friendly.Just a heads up, this location does not do money orders, only cashiers checks- and only for account holders. Also, why is it that Evelyn Aguyo has a plaque above her window calling her a Professional Teller? Is everyone else an amateur or in training? She's great, sweet and very helpful, but the sign is bizarre.
1	I only go here because I have to.  If you have an account at this branch I recommend driving two or three miles further to go somewhere else.  They always have a line.
