4	i'm generally not one to review chains, so when i do, it's usually for customer service (or lack thereof). such is the case with this gap.i don't even shop at gap. but the bestie and i were doing our usual shadyside rounds last weekend and he really wanted to check out the spring collection, so we dipped in.bestie found awesome pants suitable for both work and play but they didn't have the color in his size. the friendly (and super attractive) nate immediately asked if he could call another store for us. bestie and i agreed the pants would be a wise investment, so nate began calling stores nearby and, after several minutes, found them and placed them on hold.though i didn't look at the women's collection (like i said, i'm not a gap-goer), i did roam around the men's collection while bestie was in the fitting room and was amazed at how mostly everything was in place and cleaned up. loads of natural light also make everything even more aesthetically appealing. the only thing that would've been better was a sale. oh wait! bought three pairs of boxers for a lucky gent for only $15.95. no clothing tax in pgh = happy manda-panda.
1	I usually enjoy shopping at the Gap, but I recently had a really bad experience.  I went in to exchange a shirt and when I asked the orange face goblin manager if they had any more he was incredibly rude.  First, he wouldn't even look at me when I asked him a if there were any more of the shirt I wanted to exchange, and him immediately told me they did not have any of these.  Since I was in a hurry I just decided to return the shirt, then on my way out of the store I saw a whole table display of the shirt in several different colors.  The costumer service really ruined my experience.
4	When I shop at Gap about once or twice a year I head straight to the back of the store since that's where the sale items are. They usually don't disappoint! My most recent visit was in April and I purchased six basic tops for $47.26 (comes out to ~$7.88 each!). The girl at the register asked if I'd like to give them my e-mail so they could send me an electronic receipt and I did. It's pretty cool that they're doing this because I usually lose my receipts and/or they end up cluttering up my purse. If you decide to opt-in for the e-receipt thing give them a secondary/junk e-mail address though because they send a ton of promotional e-mails and/or unsubscribe from them altogether.
4	I had such a pleasant experience at this store, that I had to review it.  I generally like Gap for cheap basics.  I don't care for their sportswear nor their fancier dresses--I don't think most of it is high enough quality to be appropriate for corporate or even business causal workplaces.  But for t-shirts, button-downs, shorts, jeans, leggings, and other such items for playtime or to wear at my more causal workplace, it's perfect.  I pretty much bought a new summer wardrobe for under $100 by going in on a days where most items were 40% and by using a TON of saved up rewards cards that I get monthly as a cardholder.  Plus Tuesdays offer an extra 10% off for cardholders.  Let's just say that I saved more than I spent.What stuck out to me was that the girl--I believe her name was Georgette--who rang me up went out of her way to make sure that I got the best deal possible with all of my promotions that I could use.  It took three times as long to ring up me, but she was very patient and friendly during the process.  I actually filled out the store survey when I got home because I was so pleased!Bonus, you can now opt to save a tree and get emailed receipts.  This will also put you on the mailing list to let you know when the sales are so if you're thrifty like I am, you can save a ton.
4	This is one of the few stores on Walnut Street that I ever walk in- it isn't too upscale for me (though it's getting there), they are one of the only stores that have a pants size that fits me PERFECTLY, and their sale rack is da bomb. Just to say upfront: I hate to shop. It's one of the worst things in the world. However, once in a while I do have an itch that I have to scratch. And this weekend was one of those times- plus I had a $100 gift card that I've held onto for almost a year. I had a good experience here: the staff was nice, the sale rack was of course good (though the regular stuff didn't tickle my fancy). Anyway, I do like this place and I probably will come back the next time I get the itch.
3	I have shopped in this Gap several times. Even though the space is nice and large, I really don't believe that they receive any special product or assortment vs. all of the other local Gap stores. I think the store is worth checking out if you're shopping on Walnut Street, but I wouldn't make too much effort to shop here compared to the other local stores.
5	The guy who works here gave me the best customer service and helped me pick out my new favorite jeans. Probably the best experience I have ever had at the Gap.
5	All of the staff here are super friendly, and they let me bring my dog in as a I shop (Walnut is a very dog friendly street), so I appreciate that, as we often pass by here on our walks. My favorite Gap location yet.
