3	I don't feel like contributing too much to the Starbucks is too corporate discussion, since I'm a little too tired to beat a dead horse. Instead, I will say that this Starbucks location is, as expected, pretty similar to all other Starbucks I've frequented, except for one thing:The service is ridiculously slow. There were only 4 people in front of us in line, and we waited 10 minutes just to place our order. I feel like the airport is the one place where service should be expedited. Other than that rant (and the fact that the prices are inflated due to the airport location), this location has a few positive things going for it: plenty of seating, a pre-security location, and well-made drinks. Three stars.
4	This is for the Terminal 4 location, at the beginning of the 'D' concourse just past security.  This location, unlike so many outside of the airport, really has its act together.  They're fast, efficient, polite, and you shouldn't worry if the line is long because it will move fast.  I've never been impressed with Starbucks as far as efficiency & accuracy but this place shattered expectations.  Beverage quality was pretty much the same as any other location.
3	Quick and efficient service both our BSTL (black shaken tea lemonade) and drip coffee was provided immediately after ordering.... no complaints.
4	This Starbucks opens at 5:30 a.m., so if you're in there for a 6am flight it is such a tease to see them behind the counter setting up for the day and you cannot order! In the mornings there are about 10 people working so it goes pretty fast. That said, the line is ridiculously long since it's the first thing people see on the other side of security and since you cannot bring your coffee through with you, they are all salivating to get frisked so they can run and get in line.
4	A diary of Starbuck's.With two minutes before boarding, I head to the counter and ordered a Frappucino with whole milk, whipped cream, and a shot of espresso (an extra .79) I also took an apple danish since US Airways want up to $7 for a snack.It was made quick and both were tasty.   I don't remember feeling the espresso kicking in.
5	Triple Berry muffin was great. Fast service in the airport.
3	It's a Starbucks....Each gate section has one on the secure side.  At some gates it is centered (like A) it is located at the split.  With the C gates it is only located in one section of the C gates.
4	You know what the 'bucks are all about, get a Venti for the long flight you won't regret it!
4	The ladies working at this particular Starbucks were pretty damn peppy working late at night (red eye) and mid-AM.  A line with about 15 people in it, grumpy about their flights or having to pay for outrageously priced food (I fly first class, so this doesn't necessarily pertain to me) or their screaming child, these Starbucks workers had a smile.The drink could have been a little stronger, but I know now to ask for another shot next time.
4	AMAZING!  This is the first time I ever got what I ordered!!!!!  140 degree grande peppermint latte!  WOWZA!  YIPPEE!  Though the staff did not seemed thrilled to be there or had any sort of personality-it didn't matter because my drink was perfect:)  FYI-this was the location outside of the B security check-point.
4	Ppl at counter were very nice and cheerful. It was the Starbucks experience I would expect. Music selection being played would be what I least enjoyed...to jazzy for my taste.
3	I'm a fan of the caramel macchiato, both hot and cold. When I worked in Culver City, the closest Starbucks was hit or miss when mixing this drink.  I often got one on the bitter side.Served by smiling, friendly baristas in the Phoenix airport, I was happy to receive a delicious grande cm.
4	The coffee had just been brewed and the staff was especially helpful. I find that people working at airport Starbucks are either very amicable and pleasant or extremely bitter. At this particular location it was the former. The cashier helped me decide what drink to order and we had a chat about the microbreweries at my destination (Denver!). Personality is a plus. The barista poured me a sample cup of skim milk for my iced coffee--what a novel idea instead of handing over a jug!  Music was good today as well. A good spot to people watch if you have time before a flight.
3	Conveniently located after security at Gate B9 this starbucks at the Phoenix airport is conveniently located. It is not crowded and they have enough barristas to handle the coming passenger.They serve all the starbucks drinks and have a limited selection of food items. No seating, just take-out.The staff is friendly and effective.
2	They really need to add some staff. Each time I stop at this one it seems to take an usually long time. Add the fact that when I get an iced coffee here, hair doesn't start growing on my chest as it does when I order it at other locations. Boo.
2	had to go... I don't drink stuff here unless I must
3	I made a break for it from the gate and hit this Starbucks up to try and wake up."The Good"- The staff were very nice and the drinks were flying off the counter. They also knew how to handle the line that formed out of no where.- There were a decent amount of tables and chairs."The Meh"- The decent amount of tables were taken up by one wanna-be hipster each that did not always even have a damn Starbucks drink.... I think they need a bouncer."The Bad"- Nothing really bad ... its a Starbucks. They will most likely be busy with the same people you sharded a plane with. So, if you want to be the crowd, use the restroom, sit and talk with someone... then go grab a drink.
4	Always a good hot cup of coffee
3	So I recently stopped by PHX on a connecting flight and was welcomed by the 110 degree AZ summer desert that immediately turned me into a prune. So what better way to rehydrate than to go to the nearest beverage selling kiosk?! Hellooo Starbucks.First, I have to say that I have never been a Starbucks addict (i.e. not a gold card holder) and I don't drink coffee. I KNOW it's a coffee place, but they also serve surprisingly tasty tea, so try it out sometime! My favorite used to be the shaken passion fruit tazo iced tea (the lemonade version makes it slightly sweeter than I like, but still good). After my visit here, my current favorite (and possibly the drink that has gotten me hooked to Starbucks) is the shaken green tea lemonade with a packet of honey and 2 pumps of that good old syrup. SOOO GOOD. I can drink them all day. Though in retrospect, not a good idea if you're going on a long flight. Lesson learned.Anyways, the Starbucks here isn't really different from any other, except for the fact that it's in an airport...which when compared to other airport Starbucks really isn't different at all, BUT this one has AMAZING staff who's friendly and willing to make whatever your heart desires despite the long line of people they have to make special drinks for. And I think that in itself makes it stand out among the rest of the Starbucks I've been to.
3	Meah, it's airport SB and service is what you'd expect in PHX. Slow, slow, slow.
3	It's impressive the way that the staff at the airport can shrink a line. But with that kind of swiftness, I suppose an error or two is inevitable. Unfortunately, yesterday one of their errors was mine: they gave me a grande latte instead of a grande vanilla latte. Awww, boo!
2	Crowded they didn't honor my gold level for my Starbucks card
1	no refills on coffee, WTF
3	This place is hit and miss for me...line is 1-2 people or 10+...once you place order they do seem to be quick.  Always seems dirty...YMMV...
4	Starbucks in an airport. The baseline is long lines, but consistent Starbucks quality. This Starbucks certainly meets that standard. Even though the line was long, it moved quickly ("quickly" for the Starbucks world that is).
4	I am a fan because they do not price gouge.The price of a cup of coffee is the same at the airportas it is outside at any other Starbucks.Kudos to Starbucks.
4	Passion Tea Lemonade (sweetend) YUMMY! Redelijk geprijsd, de prijzen zijn hetzelfde als op een niet-airport locatie.
