5	I nervously went in AT today to get my septum pierced (the cartilage inside the tip of my nose).  I'd been in here a few times before to ask about stretching my ears, and every time I went in I was given excellent service by their piercer/tattoo artist up front, Brent, aka B-Bird.Unfortunately, they don't sell much jewelry beyond your basic needs.  No cool gauges or plugs for me, and the closest place is Halo and their selection is boring and overpriced. I usually just order my jewelry by way of the internet now (bodyartforms.com).I was told up front the piercing would be $40 including jewelry.  I signed my paper stating regulations regarding piercings as B-Bird got his stuff ready.  I sat down in the chair and tried to relax the best I could.  B-Bird informed me of all the precautions and how to take care of my piercings, then told me to take a deep breath and I closed my eyes.  The second it went through my eyes watered up, but before I knew it I was done. It looks awesome, I'm super excited for it to heal, and B-Bird did a great job taking care of me.
5	Went here for a cover up and Johnny did an amazing job! Can't even tell what was there before. Will definitely go back here again :)
5	The guys at Artistic Tattoo are awesome! I have been tattooed by Levi, Weeze, Brent, and their apprentice Candice. All of them are very professional and are incredibly talented. Weeze's color and shading is well beyond satisfactory and Levi's art work is one of a kind! Everyone is friendly and there is a great atmosphere about the shop! I highly recommend anyone to go there!
5	Artistic Tattoo is a wonderful shop! The shop has been around for years, and has always had a stellar reputation. I finally got my first piece done here, by Candice--a watercolor style rose with some script. She put up with my anal retentive attention to detail on the sketch, and I couldn't be happier with how it turned out. I got it done less than a week ago, and it's healing beautifully. Candice is fresh out of apprenticeship, and was honest about her background and experience--I'm so glad I trusted her with this piece, because it looks like someone seriously painted the rose right on my shoulder! I got my first compliment on the piece when I went out for dinner immediately after getting it done, and the compliments have kept coming!With tattoos, you often get what you pay for - but Artistic Tattoo and Candice are both incredibly fair and upfront with their prices!Once it heals fully, I'll definitely be putting a photo up.
5	Went in on Friday to see about getting a few pieces done. I met with Sam, one of the newer artists there. he was super helpful in giving me an accurate price, time frame and good sketch of what I wanted. I wanted some lettering done, and turns out that's his specialty. The shop is super well run, clean and the prices were right in line with what I was wanting. The work was done WAY above my expectations, just a great experience!
5	Going to have to give this tattoo shop a big two thumbs up! My artist has been Dawny. I have 4 tattoos from her now. I highly recommend picking her to do your work. She is very easy going and does an awesome job. The vibe in the shop is very fun and friendly.Should be headed back in a month or two to get another piece. Pros: - awesome artists- friendly staff- great line work- good pricesCons-place could have a cleaner look to it on the inside
5	Got a tat by Candice on my neck in Hebrew.  She did a great job and was very friendly.  Hubs got touch ups.  She did a great job.  The other artists also did beautiful work on their customers.
1	I would avoid this place. They have this feme Nazi chic working there with an attitude from hell. She got pissed because I "ASKED" if I could show her my tattoo (wanted to get it covered) away from the front desk. I didn't feel comfortable with several people around. This woman copped an attitude and kept making sly remarks as I waited. Another girl who was much nicer took me to the back so that she can take a look. While in the back, we could hear her talking crap about me. She apparently heard me asking about her because she showed up in the back going at me yelling. Then a back and forth ensued. It was a horrible experience all around. I came to the shop in great spirits and left pissed. NOT COOL. Come to find out this girl is an apprentice and gave my friend a hack job few months ago. I guess I was saved by her insane behavior.
1	When we asked the manager, Alan, how much he would pay for the tattoos my niece received the night prior and his response is "nothing" that is a clear indication of the quality of this tattoo shop. There is a big sign on the door indicating no one under 18 is allowed without ID, but no worries they won't ask for one anyway.  She and her friend (barely over 18)  were able to get tattoos by simply signing a consent form, and did *not* show their ID.  Mike did the tattoo and left her with dry blood and ink; I expect tattoos to bleed, but don't expect dry blood (that may have rubbed off his glove) 3 inches from the tattooed area.  It looked completely unsanitary and she left with no after care at all.  The tattoos were very simple in design, yet the quality is extremely poor with an outrageous cost -- as indicated by the manager's comment.  Yes, Alan did offer to fix the tattoos after they healed, but would you go back to this place?  Absolutely not.
