1	I thought this place would be nice because of the location. I was wrong. I have a nuisance neighbor who washes their dogs waste down from their balcony to my patio,  so I complain to management to no avail. Management still has not done anything to resolve my problem. I'm sure if I was late paying my rent, they would be all on my case. If you decide to rent here just know that they are good in collecting rent but not resolving problems. I've been searching to get out of here. There are other issues I can tell you about this place but I would be writing for a long time. Rent at your own risk.I heard that Avanti apt near by is a good place to rent, I'm going over there this weekend
1	Been here for about a year now and the property just went under new management.. The new management SUCKS. Don't seem well informed on anything and do not follow thru with things at all. Can't wait to get out of this place!
1	This complex is no longer a Broadstone property. Since the new management took over it is now called just Montecito Apartments.  The new management is horrible. The staff that work in the leasing office are rude, disrespectful, and flat out should not be in the customer service field. I am so disappointed in the changes that have been made, I'm actually breaking my lease early. I cannot fathom putting up with this management for any longer. Do not move here, unless you take kindly to being treated like a child in all matters regarding your residence. Shameful.Update: 11/05/2013 I received a message from the office manager, who also left a 5 star review as Kathy W. While I appreciate policy, and understand they must be followed, it is no excuse for poor customer service. Which is what this review is addressing. The office staff are rude, and thoroughly disrespectful. If you want people to honestly give you good feedback, treat them respect. I would suggest reevaluating the performance of your employees.
5	The office staff isn't rude, every time my husband and I walk in they are always nice to us. I really like this place the pool area is nice and now they are building a play ground which is great. Mike, dawn, and Cynthia are great with good customer service. And the rent is a great price. I really don't see why ppl complaining on here.  Maybe they saw everybody reviews and decided to act right . I'm moving in soon & I hope they give me no problems because then I would be pissed. I'll be sure to keep yelp updated !
1	So you want to rent and pay off their real estate taxes with a service fee of $4.50 per month.  I've heard of money grubbing corporate America but they really get their hands in your pocket each month.  This is on top of water, trash, pest control, sewer.The management also lacks the experience to deal with issues in a expeditious manner.  I hope people read these posts before making decisions on where to live.
