1	Not exactly sure how they intend to succeed in their new location (moved from Lawrenceville) downtown when they don't do take out and are cash only."We don't have to go containers here." If you are worried about the extra $0.50, tack it on to go orders. If the containers cost more than that, find a new supplier.Last, but not least, answer your phone at lunchtime and record an outgoing message on your voicemail.I didn't sample the food.
3	I'm conflicted about City Cafe. Let me say this at the outset: the food was delicious, and not the standard breakfast fare. (All vegetarian, which we didn't realize when we entered but made my vegetarian wife very happy.) I had huevos rancheros: fried eggs over pinto beans, onions and spicy potatoes. Wife had great Irish omelet, and friend had Mexican omelet. Fair warning: all meals were quite spicy with a generous dusting of cayenne, even on the Irish omelet. But all delish, different and prepared with care.Now, the warnings. We entered carrying Starbucks from our hotel coffeemaker. That set off the idiosyncratic proprietor, who went on a long rant about Starbucks causing the downfall of civilization by convincing people to drink from paper cups. Even brought mugs over and insisted we transfer our coffee to them.The service was not anywhere close to fast. Don't know if this is always the case, but the owner was the only one working. The place wasn't busy, but he didn't acknowledge our presence for 10 minutes or so. A couple people came and went without having orders taken. All told, we were there about 30-40 minutes before getting our food, which again was delicious.I expect that if the service doesn't improve, City Cafe won't be around much longer.
4	Ok. so this is a tricky place to eat. The other reviews are pretty accurate. The owner has his way of doing things and if you don't fit into that way, you'll hate him.When we got there, we were lucky and were the first people there. This meant his attention was completely on us, This is important because this is pretty much a one man show. he takes your order, cooks your food, and brings it to you. But here's the thing, he will pretty much only work with one customer at a time. He wants the entire process to be complete before moving to the next customer. That means if you walk in 3 min after someone else, you have to wait for their entire order process to be be complete. This seemed to be about a 10-15 min wait per customer. To be fair, when you walk in the door, when he addresses you, he tells you that you're probably going to be waiting for 10 min before he pays attention to you. If being ignored for 10 min doesn't work for you, go somewhere else. He won't care if you leave.I can safely say that, because in the hour or so we were there, he had as many customers leave as he had stay. some would stay for 3 min (knowing he told them 10) then leave. He is also very to the point about things. He's not afraid to tell it how he sees it, even if it means you get mad an leave. Example: someone walked in right after they got done smoking. He asked them if they were a smoker. then replied "I can tell because you're stinking up the whole place". Needless to say, the guy left. (and if you're wondering, he did stink up the whole place and we were all thinking the same thing the owner said to him)Ok, so the owner can be rude, short, and ignore you for fairly unusual amounts of time by american standards...why the hell would anyone eat here?Think of it like the soup nazi from seinfield. The food was so good, people were willing to conform to his rules to get his soup.The food at City Cafe is that good. 4 stars despite the awkward interactions.Sweet georgia brown was the food good. (the owner's quirks cost him the 5th star)If you're willing to wait a while and possibly be insulted to get some really really good breakfast food, then go to city cafe. As noted, it is cash only so come prepared.
1	So I stopped in hoping to get food to go.. let me start by saying I wasn't from the area and didn't know they did not do take out. After ASKING about it, the cook (who I am guessing was the owner as well) told me if I wanted food to go, that there was a McDonald's down the street. So I left....I agree places can do "No Takeout" but don't be rude about it. Also, when you tell me it will be 10 minutes before you can help me, and that I needed to tell the people walking in it will be 20 minutes before they are helped, you need to pay me the salary for my time.Needless to say, I will not be back, nor ever recommend it to anyone.
2	This place was just OK. The atmosphere was a little bizarre - Paris meets downtown warehouse. The tables were super small, we were only given one glass of water (no refills), and we waited far too long for our food. Once we did receive our breakfast meals, they were quite tasty, however we then waited too long for our bill, only to learn they didn't accept credit cards - just cash. If it weren't for the spicy food, this place would be one star.
4	Great place for breakfast or lunch only if you aren't in a hurry.  No Carryout.  Cash only.  The owner is a character but a good guy who does all the cooking himself.  Not the best place for parties of more than 4.  All of the food is delicious and fresh.  Coffee & espresso drinks are fantastic and cheaper than the big chains.  Fresh-squeezed juices are a good, healthy option too.  I've only been here on weekdays, so I'm sure weekends are busier.  Be patient.
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would. The whole "cook one dish at one time" doesn't work. We were told lunch would be ready in 40 minutes. An hour and 20 mins later we got our food: bowl of pasta with marinara; burrito with beans, rice, red peppers; omelet with a side of potatoes. I just don't understand why it takes so long for them to get food out. If you look at the menu it's all stuff that is pre-prepared (granola, yogurt, bagel, bread) or the ingredients are the same across dishes (pasta with beans and red peppers, burrito with beans and red peppers, omelet with beans and red peppers). The food was not mind blowing at all. I would expect totally delicious food for this kind of wait and it wasn't. This is not like the soup nazi where you put up with crap because the food is that good. It's not. Go somewhere else.Someone later told me that this place supposedly has the best coffee in town. I had a cappuccino and it honestly wasn't anything special. In fact it was bitter.Service was OK. Looking at previous reviews (after the fact, of course) I am grateful we didn't have to deal with the ornery owner. The waitress was nice but just seemed stressed out and unable to complete simple tasks - all of this with about 6 tables in the whole place. I asked for a glass of water with my coffee and didn't get it. 10 minutes later I asked for 3 glasses of water for all of us and the waitress brought out 2 glasses and left me out.This is not a big place so why the glacial speed at getting food and drink was kind of unexplainable. I could cook at my house faster than what was being done here. It was also *really* hot in there.Very disappointed. I spent almost 2 hours there for a mediocre lunch. Don't go.
5	Very interesting menu, very well done. My party had an omelet, a burrito, and the Brazilian peasant lunch all for a late lunch, and the service and food were excellent. The dishes are artful and healthy. Admittedly we were the sole customers at the time. There was a waiter and a cook (the owner, I presume). The juices were also very good. They accept credit cards.
1	The owner of this business, who also seems to be the only person to work there, is an insane person. He verbally harassed me about my appearance. He told me that the reason I have tattoos is because I wanted to mutilate myself to keep men from being attracted to me. He went on like that for a while as I edged towards the exit. I've never been more insulted in my life.
4	While the atmosphere is a little strange (it feels a little too industrial for a breakfast place), the food was very good. I had fresh toast with honey, and it was delicious. It was pleasantly surprising, and I would definitely come back again.
1	Walked out. Went with a group of five for breakfast and the owner said that "big groups should go to Eat-n-Park. We're just a little cafe." I suppose our money wasn't good enough. If you've got three or more in your group, go to Hanlon's Cafe just down the road.
5	I was introduced to City Cafe by a colleague who owns her own firm.  City Cafe resides along the Liberty Avenue strip across from The August Wilson Center.  I am impressed by this man's, a small business owner, attitude.  He made us great omelets at 1:30 pm.  We were the only folks there for a late lunch.  We were able to chat in peace at a quaint bistro table with two large cups of coffee.  100% vegetarian, my colleague asked for an egg white-only omelet, to which the owner (who was also the cook and waiter) granted her wish.  He has been in this space for 17 months with roughly 19 more to go.  That means, yes, he will most likely retire in under 2 years.  With no website, I love that you have to 'stumble upon' this joint.  I am not sure how he would handle a Pamela's or Eat'n'Park type rush, but that is the magic of the place.  You feel like you are at his home enjoying QUALITY food.  He seems to take life one day at a time.  Oh, and he bikes from his Point Breeze home to work.  #inspiration #yum
4	This is a hidden gem in downtown breakfast options. After talking to the owner, I learned that the cafe used to be in Lawrenceville, but has been located Downtown most of 2013. Lawrenceville's loss is Downtown's gain. The large space is softened by lots of green houseplants and tables for 2 accented by art deco lamps. The larger high-top tables fit about 4 people, so this isn't a good place for big groups. The food is cooked to order, but while you wait you are served fresh slices of baguette, jam, and butter to tide you over. The individual breakfasts are served piping hot and quite tasty. My husband especially enjoyed the Huevos Rancheros with its fresh roasted vegetables, spicy sauce, and home-cooked beans. I was a big fan of the super-fluffy Greek Omelette. Lastly, they serve big cups of La Prima coffee. If you want a hearty vegetarian breakfast before going to the Convention Center, this is the place to go. As an aside, some of the reviews mention the surly owner/cook, but I'm happy to report that he has hired a waitress who is very friendly. I found the owner to be a bit gruff but friendly.
5	Just had brunch here with the family and we all loved it. The food was very good, the ambience was very nice, and the servers were very friendly. The owner, who was celebrating his birthday, even came out of the kitchen to ask us how everything was. When we walked in we were told it would be a bit of a wait but the delicious cup of coffee came out so quickly that we hardly noticed that our food took at little while. It was actually well worth the wait for three delicious home cooked meals!  The sides were ample and we left more than satisfied with the whole experience. We are already planning another stop in on our next trip to the city.
5	The food is always excellent.  Very well prepared and always fresh ingredients.  I'm glad the owner sticks to his principles and focuses on the food rather than pleasing everybody.  He was always nice to me.  The bad reviews are hilarious and part of the reason I went there in the first place.  The coffee is also excellent - try a Mexican Mocha.
1	STAY AWAY! The owner is an insane man!  He locked me and my fiance in the restaurant.  I had to call 911 to get out.  My fiance and I went there for breakfast a little after 6 am.  No one was there.  He insulted me for my facial hair in the middle of ordering food.  I sat there for a few minutes and decided I couldn't eat there.  I went back to his kitchen area and told him we were leaving as I was insulted.  He immediately started screaming at me saying we have to pay for the food as he had already put it in the oven.  I refused and started walking out the door.He grabbed me by the arm, pulled me back inside the cafe and closed and locked the door all while screaming at me and calling me a thief and that I was going to jail (and had probably been there before).  I called 911.  He continued to prepare food so as to have it sitting out when they arrived.  Thankfully, it didn't take long for the police to show up. The owner continued to scream about me to the police while pacing back and forth through the restaurant.  A cop had to yell at him and force him to sit down and told him we didn't have to pay for the food and let us out the door.  I got a phone call from the Pittsburgh police about an hour later saying they might have to arrest the guy because he was repeatedly calling them demanding they pay for our $20 breakfast.INSANE!
1	Wow just called to place a order to pick some food up while im staying at the hotel across the street. Never have I been told by a place to go to McDonald's. This owner is a piece of work so rude to a payibg customer must be from out of the country doesnt have any manners or any idea about customer service. Would never recommend this place to anyone who is spending their hard earned money on a dump like this what a joke especially the owner wont be in business much longer.
4	I have need to come to Pittsburgh at least once a year.  What surprised me on my first visit was that there are very few places to find food in the evenings and almost none on the weekends.Staying at the Westin Convention Center you options are very limited for breakfast.  On this visit I found the City Cafe.  It is just a block from the hotel and even a single lady would feel comfortable walking to this location.  They open early.  I saw some of the other reviews about a "rude" staff.  I did not find that at all in fact they seemed very nice.  It is true they only offered the breakfast sandwich and bagel as too go options... I am not sure why they are not prepared to send any of there food to go.  I know a lot of people specially those travelling alone often like to take their food back to their hotel room.I think their price are the lowest I have found in any city.  I got a bagel and cream cheese for $2.41 and a Breakfast sandwich for $3.50.  Both were great.I would suggest this place for anyone staying down town.  How great they stay open 7-days a week.
4	Cute place. The music sounded like it was coming from a record player, very old-timey. Decor was cute but we stood helplessly for a while before anyone came out to help us. The fruit nectar juice with blackberry was amazing though! I'll come again. Great refreshing snack on a hot summer day!
1	I walked in one morning before catching the train to ask if I could have coffee and breakfast to go, I was told to "get out" and "go to McDonald's", seems like the owner was insulted to be asked to put his food in a container. Wow, it's gonna be difficult to run a successful business if you are that easily offended. Anyway, an owner has all the rights in the world to run a business in any style he would like, but I certainly also have the right to stay far far away from this business and suggest anyone I know to do the same.
1	I heard the food was awesome, a point that was confirmed by a older gentleman just finishing his breakfast. He warned that the service would be slow, but it would be worth the wait. I had nowhere to be for hours and looked forward to a lazy morning. Then the proprietor emerged from the kitchen, a stern-looking fellow with thick white hair and a mustache. He sized me up and asked, "Yeah, can I help you?"I knew from reading other reviews of this joint that I was in for something strange. I wanted to experience this. I said, "I'm just one. Can I sit anywhere?"  His response? "I'm alone here. You better go someplace else."I smiled. I wanted to laugh, but I feared he might not react kindly to that. So I left and went to Hanlon's down the street.  I'll try again next time. Getting kicked out is half the fun.
1	the service is terrible; the waiters (if you want to call them that) pay no attention to you after you're seated. the food is mediocre, like if I wanted to pay top notch for a plate of bacon and eggs I would have shopped at Whole Foods for the quality and saved me and my friends the hassle of going out to eat. the bathrooms are disgusting, this is my second time being in this place and I don't think that they've been cleaned since they opened. and to top it all off, the owner is an ignorant old man who has no conception of individuality. my friends aren't the polo shirt and boat shoes type, we have tattoos and gauges and we (God forbid) like to wear hoodies. the entire time we were seated this gray haired gentleman was harassing us, making fun of us, calling us names and basically making the whole dining experience uncomfortable. if I wanted this type of service, I would rather have asked the bums that sleep on Smithfield street to make me a hot dog. a one star rating is beyond too much to rate this place
5	Great little cafe, stopped in to wait for my ride after a long overnight bus ride. Good espresso and friendly owner. I just had the coffee, but the food looked delicious and really reasonably priced.
5	This was one of my favorite little stops in Pittsburgh! Cute ambiance and delicious food. Feels like a mom and pop kind of place. Definitely recommend it for a nice breakfast or lunch of you're in the area!
4	It's strange to see lots of reviews complaining the service. I've been there at least four times in the morning around 6:00 for breakfast during 2012. Lots of energy when you were young enough to catch a 6-hour night bus only to see your boyfriend in another city. Sadly, megabus has cancelled the night route from DC and I have to waste half a day on the bus instead of sleeping through the night. Anyway, I didn't come across one time that the old cafe owner ever was rude or insane. This little cafe is warm, limpid and comfortable for a lazy morning. Specially recommend freshly squeezed lemon juice
1	Line of 3 guests + 4 open tables = 45 minute wait, just for coffee... If you want to order from the menu... Double your time, and please don't ask any questions, too busy being annoyed by paying customers to answer questions... One star is as low as you can go...but somehow it's too much
4	Pleasantly surprised by this place. We were looking for a place to have brunch in town on a Sunday morning, and this one came up with decent ratings. I had the Mexican omelet, my girlfriend had the Florentine one. It was more of a scramble over potatoes, but the flavors were very different, in a good way. The pros: interesting menu, great portions for the cost, quick service, eclectic decor. The cons: small place, seating for maybe 20 people max, no meat on the menu (and I'm all for vegetarian friendly places, but give the carnivores an option, too) and the kicker, we didn't get a paper bill, our waiter just came to the table and told us our total. The amount was correct, but its nice to be able to check, and the awkwardness of it was a turn off. That all being said, we'd definitely go back again for a quick, inexpensive meal.
3	Food and drink: 5 stars. The coffee is from La Prima Espresso Co. in the Strip District, a local Pittsburgh neighborhood. I really like their stuff. I usually go here for breakfast and can't seem to order anything else but the Huevos Rancheros because it's so good. The portion is easily enough for one person and you possibly could split it. Space: 4 stars. I really enjoy the atmosphere. The natural light from the large storefront window fills the entire place. You also can sit facing the window and watch passersby on Liberty Ave., one of the main streets in Downtown. The area towards the back where the bathrooms are looks unfinished. There are about four two-person tables and two larger, higher tables for larger groups. I like that he has plants around the place.Service: 1 star. The owner is an older gentleman with white hair. His mood is very unpredictable. He can have a pleasant conversation, but most times his social encounters are awkward and rude. He openly admits that you might wait a while for your food since he is the only one who cooks, which is nice to tell people. The food can be worth the worth, but he goes about telling people in odd ways. During the most recent visit a group of 4 people sat down and he told them that they would probably have to wait an hour to get food, but said that they would be better off going to McDonald's or something. He never invited them to stay and have drinks, just dismissed them. It's as if he is miserable for having too many patrons to handle and seems to blame people for even going in, yet if you want to take coffee to go he gets upset with you. You also cannot take anything with you because they don't have containers. I would take your own. I can't figure out what he wants from or for his business or the customers, but he could be more accommodating.
1	Actually, no star!!! Called in to inquire if we can order to-go because we have to catch a train, but the rude patron told us to call McDnonald's and hung up. Terrible customer service...
3	Very tasty, eclectic, good & well prepared foods. Made with fresh ingredients & good coffee. Love it that the owner is full of stories, political opinion & fun conversation.
5	BEST BREAKFAST IN PGHCity Cafe is one of my favorite restaurants in PGH and definitely the best downtown for under $15 total. The owner is a passionate chef who is quite eccentric and a little flustered all of the time. The atmosphere reminds me of a Parisian cafe: plants, classical music, outside seating, great natural light. Food takes a while but is SO DELICIOUS and healthy. You can taste the love. Each dish is prepared separately. Good coffee. If you have time to wait for food this is a worthwhile breakfast/lunch spot in the heart of downtown.
5	Excellent friendly service. Excellent food all from fresh ingredients. Juices were fresh squeezed and very tasty. While eating breakfast, 9 people walked in and the last 4 complained the only waiter said it would be about 30 minutes for the food. I got the hue is rancheros and my girl got country breakfast and they were both delicious. Just the perfect amount of food. Props to the owners, cook, and waiter for everything here.
3	One thing I must say is the entrees are absolutely delish but the anti mass transit owner is a bit eccentric to say the least... I've indulged here two different pleasant occasions, you have to have time on your side if you wish to dine here because there is a strict NO TO GO policy that owner adheres strictly... I had a very tart and bitter banana strawberry smoothie... I would go back but I do not believe it'll stay open for the long haul.
1	Dude told us to sit at the one table in the restaurant that hadn't been busses. Then I he acted like a pompous ass. We left.
4	French toast was excellent. My friends enjoyed their omelettes. Be warned no meat on the menu but all enjoyed the food.
5	Great service. Warm, relaxed atmosphere. Classical music playing the whole time. It's a perfect place to sit and just drink a coffee with a book, or to meet a friend for lunch. The owner is so sweet and honestly cares about making you something you will like. He makes everything, so don't expect it to be ready like a fast food restaurant. All fresh ingredients, only uses the ones in season. I had the fruit nectar (apple, banana, pear and lemon, $4.50 in a 22ish oz glass) which was wonderful!
4	Our party of 4 was looking for a breakfast place during a quick trip through Pittsburgh.  We found the City Cafe.  We ordered the huevos rancheros, the Brazilian, the Florentine, and the oatmeal.  Absolutely delightful!  Vegetarian menu and classical music - a lovely way to start the day.  Would gladly return.
