5	I have been taking my Lhasa here for a few years now.  Clare has that special touch with animals. She has a way of making my dog feel comfortable. I was taking her to a different groomer but Sophie(my dog) was never a happy pup there.  As she has gotten older she requires special care.  I am fortunate to have found this place because they do a great job grooming, caring for & keeping my dog happy.
5	I have tested about 4-5 groomers in the area and each time I've had a less than perfect experience. Henry and I have officially found our groomer! Their space is super clean and spacious. There aren't tons of dogs running around like crazy-- the doggies that were there each have their own space with a comfy bed to lay in and seemed calm and happy. Henry was expertly groomed in just a couple of hours and was in such a good mood when I picked him up, he just couldn't wait to "rip around" and show off his new cut. I checked all the areas previous groomers have missed (ahem: his ears... He's part poodle) and to top it off the price was significantly less than nearby groomers!
5	My boyfriend and I take our Malti-poo and Shitzoodle here as regularly as possible. They truly do an excellent job, and trust me, we've taken the pups there in rough shape! I would highly recommend Clip n Clean.
5	It has been a few years since I have reviewed or updatedt my prior review on Clip & Clean. The original owner, Clare retired about a year ago & sold the business to her employees .  I still take Sophie to Clip & Clean because they are the employees, & now the owners that always took exceptional care of Sophie before & still do, to date.  Sophie is now 15 & blind. However, she gets around fantastic, but yet needs extra care when she is out of her every day environment .  Clip Clean goes above & beyond in caring for her while being groomed.  This place is not a typical grooming establishment .  They do not stick your dog in little kennels or take on more than they have scheduled by appointment.  It is a large open, clean space & your animal is under supervision at all times.  They have extra large open type area for your pet to play if need be, while waiting for you to pick your special family member up.  My little Sophie is really getting up there in age . Thus needs that extra special care.  I highly recommend Clip & Clean. They are just wonderful!
5	Great service and very pet friendly.  They are very gentle with the dogs and my pug enjoyed his time there.  Almost like it was spa time for him.  I recommend this place highly.
5	First time here, why didn't I come sooner?!Both my malteses look great. They are extra soft now!I really like how open the grooming room is - very clean! I was shocked to see no clutter or ounce of dirt!  Both dogs were done on time - which I am not not use to. First time visit- 10% off on yelp check in!Convenient, easy and friendly service!
