5	I wanted to give these guys a few months to get the kinks worked out before reviewing it (opening a restaurant is never easy, and there were some stumbles) - now I can safely give it 5 stars. Its not in the best location as far as visibility  (you need to know where to look), but the food is absolutely outstanding. Now every time I stop by I end up with a great meal. Strong coffee, good breakfast, and amazing bbq all of which is made fresh or they wont serve it. Owner is a nice guy and frequently comes out to check how everyone is doing. I just cant say enough about the place. Needs to be on "diners drive ins and dives".
5	Been looking for a new low key BBQ place ever since Hogs Heaven closed down a while back. Man have I ever found it! Got a big glass of excellent sweet tea as soon as we sat down (and I grew up on it in Alabama) and had our food out in less than 5 minutes at around 12:30pm. Awesome service, great food. We will definitely be going back! Keep it up Mike!
5	Great food and great people. You wouldn't know this place was there unless you were looking for it. Give it a try, you won't regret it! Oh and the sweet iced tea is perfectly made!
5	If I had only one word to describe this place...WOW!!! This is definitely a hidden gem. The food is fantastic and service is top-notch.
5	Don't miss out on this sleeper!  The food is fresh and the BBQ is some of the best in town. Even though you are stuffed after you eat you would be cheating yourself if you didn't try the cobbler.
5	This place was amazing. We went in and they were closing up at around 4 as they serve from 7 am until 4. Instead of saying they were closed they sat us down and served us with open arms. the food was amazing, everything is homemade except for the fries... but who would want fries when you have homemade mac n cheese, baked beans, potato salad.. anyway we tried the brisket sandwich and the turkey sandwich. The brisket was cooked perfect with a great rub and the most amazing homemade BBQ sauce to ad. The turkey sandwich was topped with fresh cut smoked turkey, cranberry sauce and stuffing. It came with a side of homemade gravy that was as close to Crack as I could imagine... I would bathe in it. The buns for the sandwiches were great as well. The sandwiches came with a side and we chose potato salad. It was darn good and reminded me of homemade family picnic salad. We also tried two side hot link which were amazing and about 10 inches long a piece. You could get it separate or with a bun and peppers and onions. I highly recommend this place as the owner Mike really puts his heart into making this amazing food.  We met the other cook and she was funny and had passion about the product. Celeste was our server and she made the experience that much better. She really enjoyed working there and she was a great person to talk to. This place is a one of a kind place that is lost in today's business world where the food and conversation bring a feeling of home and do it with a level of care that reflects in the food.
5	Excellent BBQ and exceptional service! Celeste was very friendly and treated us just like family!! We will be back to try more! We had the ribs, briskett, and pulled pork.....YUM!!!
5	We just moved to town. This place is a BBQ hole in the wall. When they care more about the food than the esthetics of the diner, you know it's good. It reminds me of the BBQ place Francis loves to eat in House of Cards. Cobler is great too. Iced tea is not watered down like some places.
5	Mike the owner is as upfront and honest as you get. On top of that the food is FIRE! Had the BBQ beef ribs, chicken, and beans. Everything was on point. New shop and mike sincerely asked how he could do better, that's how your supposed to do it! Kudos to you mike I'll be back for more.
5	Great food and greatService!! Mike has a passion for the food and it shows! He is always open to feedback and likes to try new things!
4	On our way up to base and wanted to get a good burger so we took a chance on this because of the reviews.  We did not go wrong. Had a couple of burgers and peach cobbler for dessert.  Very very good! Fresh burgers and fries and the cobbler was the Bomb!  We will certainly be back.
5	Breathe taking, awesome BBQ.  Little hard to find, but way worth it !  Look for the SNS sign !
1	I was there 2 weeks agk. I had the ribs and lousiana link. My friend ordered the rib and brisket and my other friend ordered the smoked chicken and link.  The friend that had the link  and I got sick that night.  Took me 2 days to recover.  Th buddy that got the ribs and brisket didn't get sick.
5	This is the real deal, people! I've eaten here twice so far and there is no doubt that I'll be coming back soon. I'm from the southeast and have had a great deal of trouble finding a proper BBQ place here in NV (Carolina Kitchen in Sparks is the only other one that I've found so far). It wasn't until I moved out west that I first heard the term "Nevada style BBQ", and it wasn't very long after that that I realized that it was just a euphemism for "we don't have a clue what we're doing" or "just smoke the hell out of it, then cover it in molasses and ketchup". I mean, come on, it's a sad state of affairs when the best, most authentic BBQ "joint" in town is a Dickey's or Famous Dave's, right? Well, now that I know that is very definitely no longer the case, I am beyond happy to sing SNS Diner's praises loud enough for the entire valley to hear. Take heed, suckafoos!This place is just flat-out awesome and any BBQ (or breakfast) fan really owes it to themselves to check it out. The menu is small, simple, focused and on-point, featuring all of the fare you would expect: pulled pork, beef brisket, ribs, chicken, hot links, hamburgers, baked beans, mac n cheese, etc... The brisket sandwich was very, very good, and so insanely tender that even a toothless person would have no difficulty at all polishing one off. As good as it is though, the real stand-out at SNS (so far) is the pulled pork sandwich! A heaping mound of tender pork topped with homemade slaw and a drizzle of their own spicy mustard on top. I'm not a huge fan of slaw normally, but they do it just right. It's not drenched in profane amounts of mayo and, as odd as it may sound, it has chunks of banana peppers mixed in. The result is something almost too tasty to even be called mere "slaw"...and a perfect texture to really set the sandwich off without sogging it down. The smoked beans and macaroni are the only sides I've tried so far, but they were both excellent! In fact, the mac n cheese is probably the best I've had (at a restaurant) in years. They also have several desert items that I fully intend to try one day. If I can ever manage to save enough room for some, that is. Wish me luck.Okay. So beyond the food, right? The service is genuinely warm and friendly (without being pushy) and welcoming. They actually seem happy to see you come through the door and, I don't know about you, but I really dig that. The place is a little hard to find, being located in an old truck stop type building. And in all honesty, it's a little bit of a dive....just like all the best BBQ joints always are. "Holes in the wall" are always your best bet for quality, authentic BBQ, and this place is no different. But also, like other real BBQ joints, the quality of the food more than makes up for any shortfalls in the decorating budget. Just how it should be. I don't know what else to say about this place, but that I'm so glad that we found it! It's quite a drive for us, but I see us making it many more times. Check it out.
5	Come check this place out, it's worth it!!!If you're anywhere close by, or for that matter far away, and just looking for really good bbq, this is it!! I personally find it hard to find good brisket but this is some of the best!! Very moist, good smoke flavor but not overpowering or like eating a campfire at some places. This place is the epitome of a place that should be on diners, drive-ins and dives! Also had the beans and pulled pork.. ..Both awesome as well. I def want to try the ribs and hot link next time.The sauce (not on the meat which is a plus cuz I like to sauce it myself), is good but not great. We'll be back to this place for sure!
5	First walk in right at 11:00 AM, I'm the only customer in the place. You know that feeling you get when NO ONE is in a restaurant you walk into, it's like uh oh, this place must be bad?! As I stand looking around, asking my self if I really want to stay, I am greeted by Celeste, she kindly tells me to have a seat anywhere I like. She honestly made me feel welcome right away, so I decide heck yeah I'm eating here! Celeste and I strike up a conversation about BBQ, and she tells me all about the sausage that is ground in house, and how much pride and time is put into the food at SNS. Then she tells me something that means a lot to a true BBQ aficionado, they serve the smoked meats here WITHOUT SAUCE!!!! Ever wonder why most places serve Q drowning in sauce? its because they are hiding the fact that they can't smoke good Q! Not here, SNS serves some kick ass Q, and they don't cover everything in sauce because they let the flavor of the meat and smoke shine. I ordered the three meat combo with one side. BrisketPulled porkRibsSmoked beansEPIC MEAL!! Brisket had a wonderful pink smoke ring and was cooked perfectly. Pulled pork was so tender and buttery, like pork heaven. Those ribs are unreal, full of flavor, meaty and oh so tender!! Smoked baked beans are also full of flavor with the perfect balance of sweet and heat.Hands down one of the best Q restaurants I have experienced. Celeste is a wonderful lady and made me feel so at home, and the food is full of love and pride!Oh and that empty restaurant I walked into, quickly filled up 5 minutes after I walked in!! P.S. That cup of beans was full to the top but I snuck several bites before I took the pic! Muahaha
5	We've been to the SNS a few times now, and every time, I leave happily full and raving about how good it was. I've had the pulled pork sandwich with macaroni, pastrami sandwich with potato salad, and biscuits and gravy, and all of that was fantastic. The potato salad was not my favorite I've ever had, but was good. The macaroni may well have been my favorite I've ever had, and that's saying a lot because macaroni is itself one of my favorite foods. The pulled pork sandwich with slaw on it is nothing short of amazing. My husband has had the brisket sandwich with beans, the pulled pork sandwich with macaroni, and the pancakes with bacon. He's been kind enough to let me sample his items, and none have disappointed. The bacon was especially tasty. The service is always friendly, and the prices are great. All in all, I give this five stars with no hesitation. I'd give it six if I could.
4	Good BBQ, the cobbler is to die for. Very filling. I will try and get there before 10am next time for breakfast.
5	The best kept locals secret in NLV! Stopped in for the first time about two weeks ago. Why write the review now? Because I am STILL thinking about that pulled pork sandwich with mac n cheese. AMAZING! If you would have asked me before my rendezvous with SNS, I would have told you that me and pulled pork don't mix, apparently because I had never had it done right until these guys. MUST TRY!
5	Great place in N Las Vegas. Went for breakfast this morning. I had eggs, potatoes and bacon. The bacon was amazing!!! The cook/ owner told us that he smokes his own meat and you can tell. I will definitely be back!
5	Great restaurant. Food was awesome and well cooked. One of the most delicious breakfast I've had in a long time. I had the biscuits and gravy that tasted like some home good cooking. Nothing frozen here all fresh and just well-made deliciousness. portion sizes were very big. The staff was very friendly and approachable.
5	This place is amazing! Don't let the location fool you. The moment I walked in the door, I knew I was in for a treat just by the way it smelled. Everything is homemade except for the fries (which were delicious too). Pulled pork, shredded chicken, brisket, ribs, amazing potato salad, cobbler...need I say more??!!! I am a native Nevadan and this truly is the best BBQ in town. Super friendly employees, super casual setting, super delicious everything!! Give it a whirl, you won't be disappointed.
5	My favorite little hole in the wall. Try to make it there at least once a week and have never been disappointed. The BBQ is some of the best I've had and the portions are nappy time big. The pastrami sandwich is off the hook!! Mike and his team are super friendly and really care about their customers. Cheers!
5	Bar none the best BBQ in the west and the staff was the nicest around. Today we visited them and had two of the three meat platters ending up with Ribs Chicken Pulled Pork and Brisket for sides we had Mac & Cheese and Potato Salad. All of the meats were incredible nothing was wrong with any of them. The Mac & Cheese was better than some five star restaurants have produced. The potato salad was amazingly on point!The Berry Cobbler was outrageously good. Lastly the prices were very reasonable with all that food and two drinks was 30.27. Rollin Smoke and Road Kill Grill while they have been on TV and get the tourist stand 0 chance against the quality of food here.
5	Great food! Went there for breakfast the pastrami hash is unbelievable, the bacon smoked with brine and thick cut. Take the time to meet Mike the owner. You'll love this place!
5	Simply the best BBQ in Vegas. I don't even like baked beans and I get them every time I am there. Mac and cheese is killer and every smoked meat is fantastic. The personal touch in every dish make it a go to place. Keep it up Mike
5	Don't be afraid by the exterior or interior (including if there is no one there), this place has delicious food. My husband and I ate breakfast and it was delicious!!! I had the pastrami hash (huge portion) and he had French toast with homemade bacon. Everything was incredible including the sweet waitress.
4	Mom and pop shop. Hole in the wall. Locally owned. Take your pick. Actually all three apply. Before my initial thoughts, here's the back story.After speaking with the owner Mike and the nice server Celeste, I found out that this place is an actual truck stop/wash. They decided to start serving breakfast and lunch because of all the numerous truckers coming in complaining about eating fast food at the McDonald's on the corner.So SNS Diner (SNS stands for Southern Nevada Services) was born. They have been open for about a year. They are located off of Colton but the main cross street is Losee Road. As soon as you turn on to Colton, the place is on your right. Just look for the barbeque signs. At first look you might think that this place could be where they would film a CSI episode. But after coming out of your car, the smell of would smoke (hickory maybe? I should of asked) should tell you that there is some good smoking going on and im not talking about weed.Now for main reasons why you should go here: The good food and great service.For breakfast I have had the Biscuits and Gravy ($6.99), Pastrami Hash ($8.99), Eggs Benedict ($8.99), and 2 Eggs over easy with Bacon and Potatoes (6.99).The Biscuits and Gravy came highly recommended so that was the first item my wife was looking forward to. The gravy itself has breakfast sausage mixed in it and had a little bit of a kick to it. After taking one bite you will know that the biscuits were made fresh from scratch.The Pastrami Hash was just a tad bit salty but with a bit of ketchup or barbeque sauce it rounds out the flavor. I can only assume the bit of saltiness is from the chopped up bits of pastrami. With that it is comprised of green peppers, onions, scrambled eggs, and black pepper. It it topped off with 2 fried eggs cooked to your liking.The Eggs Benedict were decent. They were definitely better than the ones I had a couple weeks ago at another breakfast joint.The 2 eggs and bacon with home fries were just average.For lunch, (this is where they will definitely keep me coming back) I have had the 3 Meat Combo ($13.99) and the Rib Tip Sandwich ($8.50).The 3 Meat Combo you have your choice of ribs, chicken, brisket, or pulled pork, all which have been smoked for whatever designated time they did it for. I went with ribs, brisket, and pulled pork. The St Louis Ribs have this rub on it that makes it very flavorful. It's not fall off the bone tender but tender enough for you to eat it off the bone with ease. The Brisket was juicy and tender as well. The Pulled Pork was good too. The common theme for all these meats is that they all have the great smoke flavoring and are not dry at all as evidenced by the juices at the bottom of your foil lining of your basket.The Rib Tip Sandwich originally I thought it said Tri Tip so when I got my sandwich I was surprised to see that the chopped bits of meat were actually rib tips. Nevertheless it was good. So good in fact that I didnt even need the bread just to eat the meat! Dont get me wrong, the bread was good too! It was all buttered up and grilled to a slight crispiness on the inner portion. the rib tips also had a mixture of some kind of rub that has a kick to it. The plate comes with Carolina Mustard and a Vinaigrette Slaw that is usually in the sandwich but they will ask you if you want it on the side instead of inside the sandwich. Both plates come with your choice of one side which consists of Mac n Cheese, Smoked Beans, Smoked Beans and Rice, Green Salad, Vinaigrette Slaw, or Potato Salad. All are good choices.Service is excellent! Celeste constantly walks around making sure you are ok. Sometimes Mike the owner will stop by and confirm that everything was ok.Some random info: Business hours are Monday thru friday 7 am to 4 pm and Saturday 7 am to 2 pm. Closed Sundays. Breakfast hours are until 10 am. You can only order breakfast. After 10 lunch items only. They take cards.In closing, I say give this place a chance. Even though it is kind of in a hidden spot, you will definitely remember where they are once you eat here! I know the hours dont extend into the dinner slot but you gotta remember, this place was originally for truckers making their way through town during the day. Im sure once they start getting busier the owner will have to do something about it, which was pretty much my last comment right before I left. Also I keep wanting to try their berry cobbler which other Yelpers have mentioned but I always find myself too full to order it! Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #194
5	Highly recommend the tri-tip sandwich. The spicy mustard and homemade vinegar slaw really make the sandwich!
5	This place is a truck wash and bbq diner.  I got the bbq chicken and brisket with beans.  My dad got the bbq brisket with ribs.  Everything was great but the brisket  way fabulous.   Tender, full of flavor, juicy with just the perfect amount of fat.  The beans were awesome,  I ate every last one.   The staff was very friendly.   If the breakfast is as good as the lunch they will know me by my first and last  name.  Highly recommended!
5	omg! the bbq is awesome. I wouldn't insult the chef by putting bbq sauce on anything. it's smoked to perfection. brisket, ribs, pastrami, bacon, and chicken are all mouth watering. you get that home style feeling here, and the friendly service is excellent. I will definitely drive back across town for this. I recommend this place to anyone.
5	SNS Diner  Restaurant has been at htis location for many years serving customers of all types. The service provided is consistently top notch and all customers are treated GREAT! The coffee is GREAT!
4	I knew what I didn't want to do - stop in the heart of Vegas and blow by fortune on a breakfast buffet.  I wanted something hearty and delicious and relatively fast so I can be back on the road.  SNS Diner is a great hole in the wall alternative if you're traveling on I-15.Driving up, I couldn't tell whether it was open or not.  It does seem a bit like a truck stop/diner, but have no fear and enter through the doors.  The staff is quite friendly and will take good care of you.  The interior isn't much to look at, but it's clean and comfortable.  The food is where SNS surprisingly shines.I admit I was a little disappointed that I missed breakfast - switches over to lunch at 10am - as I was 45 minutes too late.  A bit grumpy, I had to put on my big boy pants and "settle" for a brisket sandwich and fries.  To my delight, the brisket was delicious.  Not quite a Texas style brisket, but really good regardless.  The side of fries was also amazing - some of the best I've had in a while.If you're looking for something different and you don't mind getting out of central Vegas, SNS Diner is a surefire pit stop.
