1	The super shuttle had to pick me up at the airport and bring me to a hotel. The shuttle was prepaid and reserved a week in advance. Upon arrival they told that they had no shuttle available the next hour. What is the point of pre-reservation if it is not honored?For my return trip to the airport they never showed up. For an airport shuttle to be more than 30 minutes late it is completely useless. The service delivered is unacceptable. I have never seen such poor airport shuttle service before.
1	My flight was delayed so I called the super shuttle to let them know I would be in around 1230, the lady assured me no problem! Arrived at the airport, found the shuttle kiosk and printed my boarind pass which said the shuttle will be there in 15-20 mins. After waiting for 15-20 mins with 3 other people we decided to call and check on shuttle. Costumer service said oh the shuttle isn't coming! you need to take a cab. Good thing we called instead of waiting for an hour! They have a deal worked where cabs will accept your pre-paid shuttle pass which is fine. However at 1 am there was ONE cab. ONLY ONE. and no more were coming. So all 4 of us decided to share. But had there been more what would have happened? This system was just so ridiculous, if you want people to take cabs you need to TELL them they need to do that and assure that cabs actaully exisit. I really don't know how I would have gotten to the city if I had missed the one cab that we caught.
3	Certainly not the brightest people at the airport.  The lady couldn't answer questions like, "how long is the wait?".  Surely that must be a frequent question.  She actually had to overhear the answer from another worker before she could tell me.  You show up and give them your name, if you called ahead to 1-800-Blue-Van (Super Shuttle) you can get transport for 19 bucks.  You wait for the van to come and the driver to call your number on the receipt.  The van is full, they pack you in like sardines.  You can tip the driver on your credit card when you reserve or give cash.  If you know you are running late, like your plane is delayed, call and let them know.  It was ok.  Not the most personable or helpful staff, but I got to where I needed to be.
2	According to my driver, the rule is "don't take the super shuttle if it's late at night and you want to get there in a hurry." My flight arrived around 9:45pm. We waited for the shuttle for almost 45 minutes, and then since he was the only driver, they put everyone in the same van - that meant that only the downtown people got dropped off quickly. Also - no GPS in the vans, so you have to hope that your driver actually knows where they're going or that you can direct them. At almost $30, I thought it was a bit lame to get home past midnight, when I could probably have taken two buses to get there at the same time, for $3.50 including the transfer pass. (I live in the city.)
5	Rolled into the airport at 8:30am, dead from flying all night and switching from sunny Las Vegas 70 degree weather to snowy Pittsburgh with a super chill (feels like -1, according to the weather channel!)I wasn't sure I was going to get a shuttle for a while until two other people showed up to share the ride. Roughly 20 minutes after I sat down (I had an internet reservation) the shuttle arrived. The driver collected our passes and luggage, did a little prep work to make sure the drive went smoothly (he didn't want to use his Nextel on the road, which was perfectly fine with us!)He was very friendly and kindly took us on a shortcut through town, noting that it's normally a longer route, but traffic was just awful this morning (probably because of the new snow.) We drove through Pittsburgh, admiring the lovely brick houses and learning tidbits here and there.Once we got downtown, he started pointing out local tourist attractions. He must have read my mind, because he noted a few good places for shopping near my hotel! The total was $18/way if you book roundtrip to or from the airport, plus you can pay gratuity via credit card if you don't want to bring cash. It's roughly half the price of a taxi and much more personalized!
1	Terrible service from the airport. They go to  the whole Pittsburgh area and if other customers live 10 or 20 miles from the city the shuttle goes there before bringing you to your destination. Adds 45 minutes to your trip. At least. In brief it sucks.
5	Not all Super Shuttles are created equal...For instance, I will NEVER use one in San Francisco ever, ever again. Thus I'm a bit wary of it, and opted for a cab on the way into Pittsburgh. ...and, after shelling out $50 for a cab to my hotel (The Priory)...I was bound and determined to find a more efficient and cost-effective way BACK to the airport. Since I still haven't managed to hone my teleportation skills, Supper Shuttle seemed like a great option. I went online, booked my return trip quite easily (they also have an iPhone app now!) and at exactly the appointed time the following day my Super Shuttle and kind driver scooped me up, didn't even need to print the voucher! We made one additional stop and were on our way to Pittsburgh International Airport. I arrived in plenty of time, our driver helped me with my bags, introduced himself, explained the layout of the airport, thanked me for using Super Shuttle and it was just overall a very friendly, efficient and inexpensive experience!$25 (inculded tip), resulting in a 50 percent savings. I'll be using SS on my return trips back to Steeler Country! Much cheaper than a cab, and much faster than walking.
1	I reserved a shuttle from Pittsburgh downtown to the airport. The shuttle arrived to early at the meeting point and apparently left before I got there. It left without giving me a notice, despite the fact that they had my phone number. I called the super shuttle customer service and got told that the shuttle would come back, but the shuttle never came back. So I called them again and got told that the driver came back and waited there for 5 min. I reassured the address and apparently either the customer service or the driver were lying through his teeth.  I told them that I would still need the shuttle. Now they told me that they don't have an available shuttle and couldn't help me further. They couldn't even call me a cab.The money was booked from my credit card anyway.I had to take a cab to the airport to get there as soon as possible, to catch my flightStay away from super shuttle in Pittsburgh. They are unfortunately unreliable and fraudulent!
4	Contrary to most reviewers, I had a great experience with SuperShuttle going there and back. Going there, my SuperShuttle was on time and they even notified me by cell to let me know what time they'd arrive. Going back home, I was delayed and had missed my original SuperShuttle but I was able to catch a different one just as they were about to leave. The SuperShuttle agent who was at the airport was super nice and said they were around 24/7 (so I'm not sure why the other reviewers had a different experience...)? It was about 11:10pm.
4	When I have to schedule a 4:15 am wakeup call for myself, I pray that my shuttle is on time. Not late, not early, on time. No one wants wasted time at that ungodly hour of the morning. While SuperShuttle was 5-10 minutes early, I tried my best to rush my sleep-deprived body downstairs to avoid making the other passengers wait. Notes about Super Shuttle:1) Booking online is a total cinch - and you can pay online! Anddddd...you can add gratuity. This is great for those people, like myself, who rarely carry cash. 2) The online available times for pickup are roughly 2-3 hours before your flight. I understand the purpose for ensuring that passengers get to the airport in advance of their flight, but I was there more than 2 hours before my flight. And damn, that's early. 3) 10 minute automatic "Super Shuttle" is on its way before the driver gets to your destination. This is critical when it's 4-5 am. I'll certainly use Super Shuttle again...but I'll keep in mind that the shuttle will likely be early...especially if it's an uber early pickup!
1	While I agree the online reservation is easy.  I had a bad experience overall.  First, it's easiest to pay with a swiped credit card rather than entering all information online.  Then the shuttle schedules you way too early for your ride.  In my experience in Pittsburgh, the shuttle came almost 20 minutes early.  I received a 4:47 am call say, "your supershuttle ride will be there in ten minutes.  Out of courtesy to other passengers, please be ready." my scheduled time for pick up was 6:15-6:30!  What was most obnoxious was no other rider was waiting!  Then it was pouring, and the driver wouldn't even get out of his car to open my door or help with my bag.Then we ended up waiting almost 15 minutes picking up the next passenger, because we were so early!!!!Would not recommend! Take a cab!
4	I'm a fan indeed! I had an early morning (7AM) flight recently and normally would drive myself and park at the airport but this time it wasn't possible to do that. So I looked for options to get there. I checked cabs and the rate was pretty much standard at $95 one way. I checked local hotels to see if they had shuttle service I could use. They use alternate services that ranged from $90 to $105. I checked Enterprise Rental Car since I know I could get a car for about $20 a day - their kicker was that they inpose a $75 drop off charge at the airport. Seems like this $95 is a fixed price no matter what the option! BOGUS!I checked SuperShuttle online and the rate was $44 - plus I could use a 10% off coupon code. Now that's more like it.  I booked online by giving them my flight time, it offers a pickup window of 15 minutes with a warning that they're likely to appear at the early point of the window (and they did!), and paid for it all ahead of time. Knowing that this is a shared ride service, I was a little nervous about how many stops we'd be making and if I'd make it on time. Luckily for me, no one wants to be out and about at 4:30 AM and we had only one stop. Got me there in plenty of time!One nice thing is that as you're waiting for the van, you can check online using the "where's my van" link and it tells you exactly where you're ride is! Prettty good service!
1	Note to self DON'T take super shuttle when needing to get to airport!!!!! Late & Lost...WTF
4	After a ridiculously troublesome trip from Los Angeles to my beloved Pittsburgh that included a terrifying, stormy stop in Chicago and an unscheduled 6 hour layover, I got into PGH at 3 am, and I was loopy and obnoxiously irritated. (OK, irritatedly obnoxious... gimme a break, though) Freya saw right through that, talked me through what I was doing wrong (my dumb a$# forgot to print my hotwire voucher out first... hey, reader... don't forget to do that, it sucks...) And I was on my way eventually. The ride was smooth and quick, the conversation was good... honestly, ended up being the best part of a bad situation. Thanks for throwing me a bone, guys!!
4	While visiting my friend in Pittsburgh, I opted to use SuperShuttle at the suggestion of said friend - she was in no position to pick me up (totally fine), so this was the next best option. My trip to her place (she lives in the Squirrel Hill area) was fine, although there was a short-ish 20 minute wait for the reserved shuttle. Freya, the woman working the counter, was very nice and accomodating - she explained that all the drivers were independent contractors, and as it was late at night, there were fewer on call than during normal business hours. I ended up being the only passenger on the road. I was chitchatting with my driver about the city, and upon hearing that I'd never been, and that the drive in was quite spectacular, he stopped to let me get into the front passenger seat, so I could properly enjoy the view. What a great ride. The way back was not as smooth. I was the first to be picked up, and my driver was indeed a good 20 minutes early. Because I don't like keeping people waiting, I hurried outside (I was pretty much ready), but then he told me I didn't really need to rush - when they're early, it's on them to wait if necessary. But I'm glad I rushed. I was the first of three passengers for pickup, and he got lost on the way to the third address. I ended up having to guide him (I get that older folks aren't always as tech-savvy with their nav equipment), but that was more because I felt that he wouldn't have figured out how to get out if I hadn't been able to read the map (I mean, seriously, I'm not from Pittsburgh, and this was my first visit). We all ended up being early to the airport, but I feel that, if your job is to drive people around, you shouldn't have to rely on other people on directions for pickup. I could only imagine if there wasn't anyone else in the shutle to help...
3	A bit of a nightmare. I'm an out-of-towner who had to go to Monroeville, way on the other side of town from the airport, on business. I thought I'd save the client a little cash. I'm used to taking Super Shuttle in San Francisco, where the ride is usually about 30 minutes. Maybe my expectations were too high for Pittsburgh, but I didn't expect to be the last of 6 to be dropped off, and being given a tour of what seemed like ALL the suburbs in town. At least 1.5 hours later I arrived tired at my hotel.     Plus 1.5 stars for the driver, who was a courteous and friendly as a driver could be. I wish I could remember his name to give him props; alas, that's not going to happen.
3	So our driver was nice enough to allow us to go on an earlier shuttle after confirming that he had extra room. I had booked my reservation online earlier in the day and had added a gratuity at their prompting (they suggest 18-20%) but you can also add whatever you want. After a great ride, I mentioned that I hoped my driver would get my tip because I had switched to an earlier shuttle. He reported that the drivers do not get the tips-it goes to the company....I found this to be misleading and a bit unsettling. I will never choose to tip on the website again but rather will give directly to the driver. I felt seriously misled and thought the driver would actually see the tip I gave on the website but that is not the case.
5	Great service and reasonable price.  Through their website there was a 2.00 discount for a shared ride.  My price from Monroeville to Pittsburgh airport was 50.00. My driver,  Mark,  was early which I liked to pick me up and I was his first passenger.  He was pleasant and courteous and a safe driver.  Our van was full by his last pickup and my departure and arrival times met my needs for my flight time.  I especially liked getting a text message 15 minutes prior to his arrival letting me know his expected time of arrival.Note: you should really wait and tip your driver directly vs. Pre tipping online even though they let you do that. In fact,  from now on,  that will be my policy for all tipping just to make sure 1) I'm happy with service and 2) the tip gets to the person I intend to receive it.
5	Our super-shuttle experience was overwhelmingly positive. We booked the service online when we were almost out of the airport gates, and yet, we didn't have to wait more than 10 minutes. There were 7 of us, with tons of luggage (~20 huge suitcases weighing 50 lbs each, ~5 smaller suitcases and lots of laptop bags). The shared-ride service just about managed to fit us all in the same vehicle; all credit to our wonderful driver, Jason.Talking about the driver, he was the reason our experience was so good. Not only did he load all of our luggage without complaint, he provided us with ample information about the city. He also gave us plenty of tips about restaurants and coffee-shops in the area where we are going to live. He clearly loves the city, and his enthusiasm rubbed off on us. Many of us were coming to the country the first time and it was a pretty awesome welcome for us!
5	Helpful staff, Thomas, our driver was very knowledgeable. Let him know I was new to Pittsburgh and gave me some valuable information. Thanks!
2	Unnecessary frustration.Route made no sense geographically, as admitted by the driver and the dispatcher that I called as soon as I found out that after being picked up in the South Hills of Pittsburgh we were headed back into downtown AWAY FROM THE AIRPORT for 2 additional pick-ups "add-ons" that were last minute after my reservation. The driver was courteous and the 1-800 answered the phone.
5	We have been using Supershuttle for a while, but reviewing for the first time. We took the Supershuttle this evening. The staff at the Pittsburgh Airport was very helpful. Our driver was also very friendly, helpful and courteous. He brought our luggage very cheerfully to the front door. We wish him all the best. We highly recommend this service to go to the airport and also from the airport.
5	Our driver got us to the airport safely in an ice storm.  Wouldn't have made it without him.  Thanks Michael!  We will use again and again!
