5	have nothing but great experience at this place. Staff are friendly and place is clean. I have taking my dogs there for over a year and I never had problems with the place.
5	I read horror stories about this place, but have never experienced anything less than great! We sometimes take our small dogs there for quick nail trims (no appointment required and only $8)! We get our long haired dog groomed here and they have done outstanding everytime.
5	fantastic place to go to take care of your pet.  staff are friendly and its alsways clean....price has gone up since new owner but overall love the place......
1	Never again!  I brought my dog in to use the self-service wash.  First, the place is dirty.  It was shortly after they opened in the morning, so it must have been still filthy from the day before.  Second, the water temperature (the primary reason I brought my dog in, instead of washing her in the backyard) was all over the place.  Lukewarm to really cold.  The receptionist said it was because they'd been using the water all day.  Third, the shampoo they supply is so watered down that you have to wash the dog 3 times to really get them clean.Forget it.  More hassle than it is worth, too expensive and cold water.  And just gross.  Your dog would be better off being stinky.
4	I brought our dog here on the recommendation of my coworker, despite the bad Yelp reviews. I was very happy with everyone that I spoke with. They were very friendly and kind to my Bassett. They did an awesome grooming job! Thanks!!
4	I have been coming to this place for 5 years. My dog is very finicky and crazy and Ellie the owner has such patience and care for him.  She was also very kind to let me self wash my rescue dog, and she groomed him as needed with great care.  The owner is awesome - Ellie - she's a truly giving person and has a lot of experience too.
5	my new pugs looks very cute now and doesnt smell lol. Dropped off at 9 and picked up at 12.  Great concept. Leon the grommer was very helpful.
1	We have been going here for about a year. Some cuts better than others but we aren't picky.  Took our little guy last month and told them how we wanted him cut (short). They didn't listen at all, left it longer than they ever have and he needed another cut in a couple of weeks. His face and ears were so uneven that he looked silly. We tried to politely talk to them but the receptionist was rude. We left and tried to call, leaving a message for the owner twice, but never got a call back. Took him to Wiggles and Wags. They listened to us, suggested we look at some pictures to make sure they got it right, and they sure did! Refreshing! And they cost less!!
5	Great service and super cheap! I love this place!!
4	They have been grooming our dog for 6 years and do a great job. They can always fit us in for an appointment and know how to work with our dogs special needs.
5	Again they came through once again. I need family pictures taken and I had them perform a nice cut for my pug. Great service and  friendly people employee!!
4	I have been taking my dog here for maybe 4-5 times, she always comes back looking great, they are friendly and seem busy, but still can get me in within a few days of calling. The only negatives are that it is a bit messy/hairy there, it would be nice to see the hair/ mess not make it all the way to the front desk/ waiting area and they are a bout $10 more expensive from where we used to go before we moved.
2	I took my dog here to do a self-service bath.When walking in, the place appeared messy and dirty. When assigned a bath tub, the receptionist pointed out the shampoo and conditioner (which is not marked and there were about 4 bottles on the shelf). They provide a scrubber, brushes for very long haired dogs, a 'blow dryer', and towels. The supplies were covered in previous dog hair. The bottom of the tubs were rusted. The sides of the tub could have been taller because my dog could have easily jumped out. The walls came up to above her knees (a lab/boxer mix) As I read in other reviews, the water temp was difficult to control.The price was appropriate and it got the job done. The staff was fine. I would probably check out another place next time due to the cleanliness.
1	New to the area and drove by this place and was excited to see not far from home.  Got home and emailed some questions but never got a response.  Drove down here today to wash my dog and got here at noon.  Website says open till 4pm.  I asked if I could wash my dog but was told no.  When I asked why not I was told they were closing.  I can't recommend a biz this irresponsible.
