5	I recently brought my C7 2014 Corvette Stingray to Las Vegas to meet up with some friends.  The long drive from Los Angeles in addition to the recent ash and dust from the fires didn't help the finish.  I called around and Edwin was available immediately to address the issue.  He brought his mobile detail van to my location and in no time my beautiful Corvette was back to showroom status.I stood there the entire time and watched as this guy buzzed around the car.  He used the best products, at least the ones I have used before on my previous vehicles and some commercial types that were better.  I recommend Mr Garcia over all those hard sell locations around the area.  His prices are fair and he is a very nice guy.  I will bring my car to him or have him come to me every time I'm in Las Vegas.
5	I went to this guy based on the first customer's review and I was not disappointed! Hubby and I think he did a more than fantastic job! We saved $60+ if we went to big car cleaning chains but got more for our money! We loved it so much we paid more with tips LOL definitely call him for interior detailing and he'll meet up with you! Just remember it's MOBILE! I didn't realize this until I went to the Flamingo address on yelp and called him asking where his business was... And yes I totally missed the mobile part of his business name!
5	These guys did an amazing job on my (very dirty) VW Rabbit. I have a dog that loves to swim and shed. I had my seats, carpet, everything done. Exterior looks like new. Highly recommend and super convenient.
5	I really don't do reviews, but this deserves one. He came out and washed my bike and my car, excellent job! Great customer service , fast and very efficient. I'm not going anywhere else. I really appreciated the service.
5	I called this guy to come by & wash my car at work he came around the time expected. He did an amazing job with my car better than other mobile car wash guys forsure. I will definetely be calling him again to come wash my car and refer him to my coworkers!
5	After a night out, my wife got sick in and outside of my car.  I called around noon to set up appointment and he came to my work around 4 pm the same day.  Very friendly and professional. .  When he was done(about an hour later)  there was no smell or trace of what happened the night before.  It looked and smelled like it did the day I drove it off the lot.  All for a price that was half of what I have paid in the past.  I highly recommend him.
