2	Stopped into this cute little place to purchase a pie to share at Thanksgiving. Though there was only one other couple in the place the energy was chaotic...now granted they were cranking out a lot of holiday pies but the girl at the counter did not even know the types of pies in case and seemed pretty clueless. Since they were out of many pies on the day I stopped by I was told that if I returned at 7:00 AM the next morning ( today) they would have extra pies that did not have to be pre- ordered. My husband headed down there today stood outside the door and was greeted at 7:05 by another clueless employee who had no idea what was going on but said that if you did not pre- order there were no pies available. My hubby was not too happy needless to say. Need to get it together and make sure all of your employees are on the same page and educated in your product!
2	Had the great time having the delightful latte here. The steamed milk was perfect, I did liked it when I had the first sip to it.This place could be better if they had good place and good service.
5	Popped in with my mom on a sunny Tuesday because who can resist a place called The Pie Hole? The guy working behind the counter was super friendly and helpful; he chatted with us about all the different flavors and his favorites. It was a tough deliberation but my mom went with the caramel coconut creme pie and I with the brown sugar peach pie. Both were so, so, so good. Amongst the best pies of my young life. The coconut creme was rich and smooth, and not cloyingly sweet. My brown sugar peach was filled to bursting with ripe, juicy peaches and had that nice warm undertone that brown sugar gives.I didn't try out the coffee this time, but I thought it was cool that all their flavor syrups are homemade. I'll definitely be giving that a shot next time.One other thing to note is that they are going to be expanding their space to accommodate for a bigger menu with breakfast items! They're decorating now and everything looks really cute. Can't wait to go back and see next time I'm in Phoenix!
