2	Its ok..got mine done here ..a little pricy on some of the package..when i got home and check my interior some parts was not cleaned very well...
3	I came here for the first time on a Friday afternoon and they were really slow. In fact, I was the only customer there for a while. This place is really new and I wanted to give it a shot because the last car wash that was here (which closed in 2010-11 I think) was really good. Unfortunately, the one thing that knocked off 1 star was when I was pulling in to the actual carwash part. I lined up with the chain that pulls your car and the man directing me approached my driver window and said "go ahead and roll your shit up". Look bro, you're working and making money. Leave that talk at home and treat people with some kind of decency. Second star was knocked off because I paid $33 (+$5 tip) for a carwash that really should have cost about $20 in regards to quality. It is my fault I didn't thoroughly walk around my car and check, but I was pre-occupied with asking the guy to dry the edges of the trunk lid so I just forgot to check the rest of the car. When I got home I noticed all the spots that were missed, including an entire rim that wasn't even polished or tire-dressed. I'm a bit confused as to how this could happen, being that two guys were working on my car, one guy covering the left side and the other covering the right. Secondly, it was so slow that there is no excuse. I can understand sometimes especially when its busy and they're trying to get people out that spots can be missed. I'll give this place one more try. Maybe I just got them on a bad day so no big deal.
5	This is a new place and it looked pretty good so I went to get my car washed. The staff was very friendly and helped me pick a good wash. The tunnel guy was good and the guys wiping off my car were good too. I will be going there again.
5	Great service. I hadn't gotten my car wash in over 6 months and it was caked on with dirt and gunk everywhere. After they washed and detailed it, I almost couldn't even recognize it. My car looks absolutely amazing and I am very happy with the results. The staff was also very friendly and worked fast. I definitely will be coming back!
5	I liked my car wash at Gary's...there was another car wash company there before that the owner kinda creeped me out (and once claimed that I had redeemed my 10th car wash free card when I had not.)I did not pay for the most expensive one ay Gary's and my car looked fine ...AND I liked the free vacuum. I really like that it's close by. I've been there twice since my first car wash.
5	It was my first visit here and I must say that I am very much impressed. Matt (manager) was extremely friendly and very helpful in helping me decide what wash I needed. My poor baby has been neglected for months now and it needed a thorough cleaning inside and out. The staff there really pay attention to detail. They had me run through the wash twice just because I missed a step in the washing procedure. As for the detailing and vacuuming...IMMACULATE! They had me check my car out to see if they missed anything and said they'd redo it before I leave. Complete opposite of any other car wash that I have been to. Overall, staff here are awesome. Attention to detail is great. They actually care about their customers and the customers satisfaction. I will definitely be back!
1	I bought Winners Circle. I have bought it before and they missed a couple spots. This time however, they made my van more of a mess. They left the back windows, left a couple of skittles on my front seat, left spots unvacuumed, they did not wipe the back of the seat and so much more. I kind of want to cry because I have been so busy and I just really wanted my van cleaned. I seriously won't ever come back here. Even though they have me a 1/2 off coupon. I won't wont use it. So so disappointed.
5	I am new to the Summerlin community and have been in a look out for a good car wash service. Thank goodness to Yelp, I found Gary's speedy car wash. They are fast, professional and they did clean my car well.  Will definitely go back.
4	They are quick and offer great coupons, so it is not pricey.  But, they only do an okay job.  The details seem to be missed - door/window jams and other areas still have dirt on them.  I go here when my car just needs a bath but not a detail.  I have never tried their more expensive details however, so maybe they do a better job if you pay more for it.  nice staff though
5	2nd day in a row here the guys who work here are so nice, quick & good at their jobs. Loving the 1/2 off coupons! Will not take cars anywhere else!
2	The wash was less than ok.  I quit Terrible's for the same experience here.  Inside, didn't bother to vac the crumbs on the seats, mats had crumbs. didn't swipe the drink cup holders.  They cleaned the inside windshield and top of dash but didn't bother to wipe down the instrument panel, steering wheel areas, etc.  On the outside didn't wipe down the white wheel wheels and other details like that.  I hope I caught them on a bad day because I like having a carwash close to home.  I'll give them one more try and that's it.  Otherwise it's back to Freddy's who have yet to give me a bad wash, even if I have to drive a bit further.  They are overpriced too.
5	I received a coupon for 1/2 off car wash in my mailbox. it was close to my house and i like their hours. i wasn't really expecting much; after all, a car wash is a car wash. i was wrong. Gary's Speed Wash is amazing: great deals/coupons for repeat customers, variety of choices for levels of wash, fast and thorough, staff is super patient, and best of all, the owner speaks my native language of Chinese! this is impressive considering he is a full blooded American. he was surveying the crew and make a point of smiling and greeting customers. i have been going back once a week. i try out different packages and trust me, you want to treat the car to their ultimate wash-inside/outside, wax, shampoo carpet, Armoral dash and door, wheels, tires, and the whole nine yards. i was in/out in less than 15 mins. they have a nice waiting area that is quiet and clean. the outdoor sitting is great for my kids to eat lunch while we wait. they are open Mon-Sun. from morning until sun down. best part is the location: you can't miss it on the corner of Twain and S. Fort Apache. at the end of the cleaning, they sincerely thank each customer, hand out couple of  1/2 coupon for next visit  and one for anyone else you know. The owner Mr. Gary is trying to build a long term business and create relationships with customers. it is very different from others. i love it here. i would not go anywhere else.
5	Gary's does a fantastic job! They pride themselves on good service and the owner takes time to assure that they have done a satisfactory job. The signature wash is a great value for getting the inside cleaned along with the exterior. If you are in a hurry you can use their complimentary vacuums and do it yourself. All new equipment and a very professional staff. Highly recommend!
3	I received a flyer in the mail for a free wash. I've noticed the place, but had never been there. I decided to go there, and try it out.From the minute I pulled up, the service was great. The guy who was helping me advised me the flyer was to promote their monthly program. Basically it would have cost me $23.00. For an additional $12.00, I could get unlimited washes for a month. I was supposed to get a Superior Wash. A total detail, including an air freshener, I got the wash but didn't get the freshener. Considering I drove the car through the wash, it was a good wash. The kid detailing, didn't do an exceptional job, but did a acceptable job. He missed a few minor details. While the kid was drying my car, an altercation broke out between a man and woman walking down Ft Apache. It began to appear as if the man was about to get violent! 2 other customers and I, became alarmed and started watching, in case the lady needed help. I noticed several of the guys that worked there keeping an eye on things. I left my iPhone in my car, and it was still there, when I returned to the car. Also, I know exactly how much change I have in my car, and it was all there as well.My overall opinion was good, when I checked in, I received a 10% off my next wash. When leaving I received 2 coupons for 1/2 off future washes. I will continue to go there.
4	I used to live right across the street and never went, but now that I live way farther, I found myself going here since the car washes around me weren't as reputable. The guys here are hard workers and want to make the car washing experience as seamless as possible for you. I also didn't realize how dusty/dirty cars could get in Vegas. I usually let me car look grimey for a little bit until I'm too embarrassed to drive it around and then end up here. We've always gotten a card after our wash that gives us 50% off subsequent washes for the month, but I've never fully taken advantage due to laziness, Vegas showers, etc. Free vacuums are also available for self-serve. Don't forget to tip though, I wasn't sure of the etiquette for this and had to consult google (http://www.angieslist.com/articles/top-10-services-tip.htm).
1	Gary's put out a coupon that "Expires 12/31/13" I got there at opening this morning and he said they were not open today and yesterday was the last day to use the coupon. That is not how coupons work, they are valid through COB of their expiration date. Terrible customer service, I will never go back. BBB will be contacted.
1	Before New Year's Eve, I would have put 5 stars.  I've always had a great experience and Gary's has always done a great job on my car.  However, I went on 12/31 to get my car washed for the new year and Gary's was conveniently closed.  When you send a coupon out with an expiration date of 12/31 wouldn't that be the very last day to use it?  How is doing that helping this business.  Gary has personally helped us in the past and it is disappointing that my coupon would not be honored due to closing the car wash on a day it normally would be open and a day that is not a holiday.  Again, we get our 2 cars washed at Garys about once a month or every other month...depending but I will no longer give my business and hard earned money to a place that gives a "holiday gift" coupon and then is closed on the last day to use it and then furthermore doesn't honor it after they re-open.  That is bad business practice and I'm sure Terribles and Fabulous Freddys will be more than willing to take my money and not close on the day coupons expire.  I'm surprised because as I said, Gary was excellent when we met him and didn't seem like the kind of owner to pull something like this with a coupon.  It's disappointing but my truck needs to be cleaned and I'm heading to Fabulous Freddys later in the week to accomplish this.  I no longer can recommend this car wash unless Gary can make the situation right.
2	I've been here about 10 times now, and out of all of those visits, only 1 has been up to my standards. I had written this place off after the first time, but they sent a flyer out in the mail and I decided to give it another go since I needed to get my car washed and detailed anyway.When I got there, they were trying to sell me on a monthly package, and the idea wasn't unappealing since I like to keep my car immaculate. I just remember that during my last wash they had missed so many things on the inside, and was reluctant to commit to them since I had already found another place that did a perfect job.The guy that I was speaking to asked me what was missed the last time and I went over the long list. He talked to the guys who were currently detailing my car, and by the time I got it back, everything was done just right. So I signed up for the monthly ($35/mo) because I thought it had improved.Two months later and every time I go, the windows are wiped- but streaky. Whenever I drive at night you can tell and it's so obnoxious. Simple things are missed, like the metal detailing on my steering wheel which always has smudges on it after they turn my car over to me again. The space between the seats isn't vacuumed. My sunroof always looks awful. I'm going to cancel the monthly and return to my other detailing guys at Tivoli Village (have your car detailed while you're having lunch).Their hours aren't correct as they close at 4:30 I believe. And I've skipped getting my car washed twice because the line was too long.
4	This place is pretty good for unlimted washes for 35$ a month . I literally wash my car every other day . Sometimes the detailers get lazy and wont vaccume the back seat but i just let them know i notice and they have no problem cleaning that up for me . The product they use to armol the tires doesnt last very long & the dash board is always kinda linty . If they used better products id give this carwash 5 stars hands down .
3	Ok wash experience. This was my second time here and the second time I had to ask for my rear window to get wiped down on the inside. There was also dog hair all over my backseat. For the extra $10 to clean the interior I want more than a half done vacuum and some armor all on the dash.I'll probably go back for the exterior, but not pay for interior again... It's not worth it to me.
1	This place is absolutely terrible. Finally got around to canceling my monthly, and when I did they just said "sure, we'll take you off the list." They weren't curious at all as to why I would want to cancel. To me not caring is a lack of customer service.They close at 5 supposedly, but I arrived at 4:55 and they were already all closed up. This is the second time they've closed early on me. The reason I was there in the first place was because I had just gotten my car washed there the day before and they did such an awful job that I came back to have it fixed. Whatever they sprayed on the dash splashed onto my windshield and left a spray of stickiness that smudged. The rear view was also not wiped. The sunroof was cloudy. I asked them what time they closed and a guy told me 5. It wasn't 5 yet.. But he said once they've closed the wash that's it.Hold on now- my schedule is currently stupid cramped and for me to take the 30min to get my car washed is kind of a big deal. To have to go back to have it fixed is even worse. To go back (driving ACROSS town from where my next appointment was) only for them to be closing early is unacceptable. They didn't make my schedule, that's fine. But they did make theirs and the least they could do it stick to it.This kid sees that I'm obviously pissed off, and he hands me his towel to wipe my windshield down myself. Umm.. That's definitely not why I pay a monthly price for service here. Jesus Christ. I almost lost it.So I go back AGAIN (three times now for one wash) the next day when they're open.. I came before 4pm just in case they decided to close early again. While I'm waiting for my car to be finished one of their employees  is flirting with one of the customers. The customer pulls out someweed for him to smell and they act like they're being sneaky. You're not. I can smellit from my seat across the way. This is one of the most unprofessional businesses I've had the misfortune to deal with. I've cancelled my membership- good riddance.
5	They are closed now and have been for the last few weeks :( it's too bad because they had great prices and always did a good job on my car.
1	closed
