4	It isn't the best BBQ in AZ, but it is good. I liked the beans and meat, but not so much the cole slaw, which was too sweet, and the mashed potatoes, which were rather pasty.They serve a side of sauce in a piping-hot miniature cast iron skillet. I thought that was kinda cool. They also serve your drink in an old fashioned Mason jar. More cool-ness.More to go for: They have friendly, fast service and the store is very clean.
4	Just plain ol' good BBQ.The atmosphere is nothing too special (good lunch spot), but the BBQ is really tasty and a good value. Definitely try the pulled pork sandwich and the corn on the cob.Nice family run outfit.
1	I took the word of an acquaintance about Kinfolks and dropped in one Thursday night to give it a try.  And yes indeed I was genuinely hungry for BBQ.  As noted, the place is unimpressive but this is rarely important as long as the food makes the grade.  Sadly, the gloomy interior was the highpoint.  I ordered the sampler plate, setting me back almost $15.00, with drink.  When Mr. Kinfolk placed the platter on my table, I couldn't believe he was serious.  The sausage looked as if it had just been peeled from underneath a semi-truck tire.  All the meats were tired.  Worn out. Spent. It was all dry and had a chemical aftertaste of petroleum.  My heart sunk.  It was clear to me my meats had been lounging under the warmer, tanning perhaps after having been cooked earlier in the week.  As my Dad says nature has a way of getting rid of the weak. It would have been nice had this occurred before losing my fifteen dollars.
3	I have eaten here several times and always found the food to be good, but pretty greasy.  I often opt for the sampler which is supposed to be beef, pork, and chicken.  However, if they are out of one of the meats they will do a substitution.  If you're not a sausage fan, you should ask what you'll get because I've gotten sausage several times.  Sauce is served on the side as it should be.Meat portions are huge.  Last time we ordered take-out, we were eating barbeque for 3 days before deciding to call it quits, for more than one reason.  You definitely get your money's worth.Restaurant itself is clean, but simple.  They certainly did not hire an interior decorator on this one.
4	I try to make it over her for lunch at least once a month. The setting is so-so, but the smell and taste of the food make up for it. The bbq pork and chicken are very good, as well as the slaw and corn bread.
5	I don't understand anyone not loving this place.  It destroys Honey Bears and Big City BBQ.  The guy who owns the place resembles Michael Clarke Duncan and is extraordinarily friendly.  He gives us free sodas often and used to break my balls when I wasn't over-the-top gentlemanly with my girlfriend.The food is relatively expensive, but he gives you a large volume.  You'd have to be a big boy to finish the entire thing in a sitting.  The brisket melts in your mouth.  The rib meat falls off the bone like it was never attached.  Yes, it's fairly greasy, but the food is absolutely delicious.  The sides aren't anything special, but they are good.  The meat earns this place five stars, along with the character of the guy who owns the place.The atmosphere is somewhat minimal, but I actually like it for that.  It's just a simple bbq place.  You get jars for your drinks, and the tables have traditional picnic table cloths.
5	They say the best BBQ comes from Kansas City.  However, this place comes pretty darn close!  I live up the road from this strip mall bbq joint.  It's mouthwatering good!!  They call their BBQ Pork meal - THE PIG!!  It's very good.  Oh, and the RIBS?  Well, the meat FALLS OFF THE BONE!  There are usually only two folks there.  The main guy looks like and old school BBQ man from the south.  When you order and give him some money, he whips out a ROLL OF CASH and pays you back your change OLD SCHOOL STYLE!  Forget the cash register - this is old school!  If you order a side of fries, they will usually give you way more than you can eat!  The TV usually has sports on and the noise level is very low.  Once when I was in there, it was just the owner and me.  He made conversation with me about the basketball game!!  Oh, when the food is served to you if you eat INSIDE - they will serve you a little extra BBQ SAUCE on the side!!
2	So I had just gotten back from a weekend in Kansas City where I ate BBQ the entire weekend, I had been craving it since coming back to Scottsdale so we decided to try this place because of all the excellent reviews.  What a mistake!  The ribs were inedible, burnt to a crisp, I don't know how my boyfriend even ate them.  I ate a little of the beef brisket, it wasn't bad, the cole slaw wasn't too bad either but I still can not get over how bad the ribs were.  I will never go there again.
4	I just moved into the area near the restaurant this past weekend, and decided to give it a try.  I took my parents (since they helped me move), and they always love BBQ.The inside of the restaurant was simple, but the mason jars you get your soda in were a nice throwback touch to the BBQ joints of the old days.  It has table service, but the service was slow.  I am pretty sure it was the owner who does all the service, but he is extremely friendly.  I got the hot link sandwich.  It was huge, and pretty tasty.  I recommend getting the grilled veggies as your side, because it helps make a killer sandwich.  I tasted the pork and brisket as well.  Both were worth time.This place is unassuming and serves some mean food.  The kicker was the fresh Peach cobbler dessert that came at the end of the meal.
5	This place is great! If you are looking somewhere with "atmosphere" then this is not the place for you. It is simply about the ridiculously delicious BBQ here! I usually get the pulled pork sandwich topped with coleslaw. It is so huge it takes me two sittings to finish it! The fries are fresh and also quite delicious! You know what come to think of it I dont think I have tried anything but the pulled pork because it is so damn tasty I couldnt resist ordering every time! The owner is nice like alot of the other yelpers have said and his place is definetely worth checking out! I dont know why people say its expensive though it is super cheap! The pulled pork sandwich with a side and soda is about $10 and you a heaping pile of food that almost anywhere else would cost you 15-20 bucks! Overall I give this place a "Mmmmmmm, so  much tasty pork I'm gonna sweat barbeque sauce on the way home!"
4	While my band was recording our latest album nearby, we ate here about 3-4 times a week....Full of kicks and the fries are definitely complimentary to the overload of flavors.The only reason it doesnt get a %100 percent review is because the beef ribs are not bad, but they are not noteworthy.....Try the Jamaican Jerk wings if you are into spicy food.... they will burn your tongue for days!! hottest sauce on earth and I have had them all!!!
5	the best in Az no doubt, fresh corn bread comes with everything , the sides are huge and very inexpensive wow!!! try the spicy fries (they are not too spicy) the BBQ sauce is amazing perfect for the dry rub ribs you can make them as wet as you want..... love it ! get to know the owner Ivan he has got some great history about his business, lots of good stories, he is in there everyday everything is always perfect and how it should be Ivan gets a strong 5 stars because even if you hate BBQ you have got to give this place some play
5	What a wonderful find!  We were looking for a low-key place with good BBQ and came across Kinfolk's.  Our group of four "oohed and aahed" our way through the entire meal.  We had never tasted such good BBQ before!  It was unbelievably tender and the sauce was absolutely delicious! PERFECTION! We had to ask for three quarts of it to take back home to Minnesota!
5	I didn't expect to find a place with some old style BBQ surroundings in Scottsdale. I had the half slab baby backs $16.99, comes with 2 sides, and comes with cornbread. The cornbread, well is a little different, darker, and denser than most, tasted ok. I had cole slaw which was slightly sweet and very good, and the spicy fries which were not very spicy but cooked very well and taste near perfect. The Ribs, moist, smoky, and a nice rub. It all comes with a fry pan of BBQ sauce. The sauce is slightly sweet, hot and very good.I saw someone else get a sandwich, and it had almost 2 inches of meat on it. Maybe that's next.Fast subdued friendly service and odd, funny signs on the walls, sure this is Scottsdale? I highly recommend it
4	After golf today, I just didn't want to eat at the course. Nothing against the little snack bar there, and I'm sure it's just fine, but this was my chance to hit Kinfolk's again.I try not to eat barbecue too often...my doctor is on me about cholesterol, etc., so I try to be good, as much as can, but sometimes you just can't resist and this is that day.I have been going to Kinfolk's for the past few years and I think it is one of the top 2 barbecue joints in the Phoenix area.Today I had the standard...pulled pork sandwich, fries and quart mason jar full of coca dieta...wow did that taste great!The pork is tender and juicy, very smokey (no parboiled fake barbecue here). The sauces are homemade and extremely flavorful. The hot is not so hot that drowns the flavor out, the sweet isn't so sweet that it drowns out he vinegar bite...just great stuff!I have had the pork ribs, the chicken, the brisket and the beef ribs. I agree with another reviewer that beef ribs could use a little something...the only place I have ever found beef ribs done right is Kansas City...but I digress.The sides are terrific, the beans, the slaw, the fries are all very tasty and the only problem is that there is just too much food (I ended up bringing home 1/2 my sandwich again today).The prices are really very good...it seem like the price for sandwich or a rack of ribs is the same as some other places (Honey Bears, etc.), but the portions are so much larger, so I think it's a bargain.Great guilty pleasure and a kind of a hole in the wall at the same time, so a twofer!
2	Being from Texas, and having moved to the Phoenix area about a year ago, I am always on the hunt for good bbq. "Back home" we are blessed with the most amazing bbq of Rudy's. A friend of mine from Tennessee, who has lived in Phoenix now for about 4 years, introduced me to Kinfolk's and I was pleased. Everything that the 5 star reviews say is true of this place. The portions are huge, the prices are decent and whether you like the brisket or the pulled pork (sorry, never tried the ribs), this bbq is the best I've had in Arizona. If I had written a review for this place just a week ago, I would probably have given it 4 stars.After my second attempt to take my girlfriend here and not getting to eat, we will not be going back. I was always impressed with the older guy running the place, pretty much solo, other than the cooking. He takes your order, he brings you out the food and he rings you up. The problem I've always had is his grumpiness. Well, on Saturday he went a little too far. When we arrived at 7:45 p.m. and saw the closing time on the door, I wasn't particularly certain what it read. Plus I was craving some Kinfolk's. We went inside and there were still a lot of people eating so I thought we were safe. When I began pouring my own drink (as you do), the older man told me they were about to close and that it "better" be to go. I apologized for coming in so close to closing time but explained that it looked like the 8 on the door was scratched to look like a 9 OR that the 9 looked like it was filled in with liquid paper to look like an 8. Either way, I wasn't sure but I was hopeful. He then began to argue with me. He was totally out of line. He could've politely told me that they were about to close and that I could get something to go and I would've been happy. Instead he chose to be a shithead and in turn, drive me to go to a chain bbq restaurant (Famous Dave's, not too bad plus they serve beer). I've since sought out another decent place in Dickey's BBQ, off Shea in Scottsdale.Sadly, Kinfolk's is still the best bbq I've had here in the Phoenix area. I will not, however, give my hard earned money in this tough economy to a grumpy, broken body, old man that cannot be bothered to be polite. Good luck keeping your small business going during this recession when people like myself are being more choosy about where to spend our money.
4	Great food, love the atmosphere, reminds me of my time in Mississippi, (that's not really a compliment) just get that authentic southern hospitality feel. Had the "pig" sandwich with the jambalaya side. The pig was good big and hearty, lots of food here, and the side dish was really good too, probably don't wanna know they origin of the seafood in the jambalaya, but it tasted fresh...But hands down the best part of the meal was the cornbread, so soft so flavorful, some of the best I have ever had, I think I complimented the owner three times on it.
4	I haven't been here since this place was Waldo's a million years ago and almost didn't make it there today.  It was lunch time and I was on the hunt for Barbecue. For some reason when I reached the car in the parking lot my first thought was Dickie's.  However, I really do like to keep things local and while Dickie's is a decent little chain, I thought it was time to go and try Kinfolk again.  When you go there, you go for the food. The ambiance is nice and all but it isn't what is bringing people in. What is bringing people in is the huge portions and reasonable prices. I ordered "the pig" (pulled pork sandwich) and I chose the corn on the cob as my side.  Before I even ordered the hot, fresh cornbread was already out at the table.  Unfortunately there was no whipped butter to go along, just the single serving packet that came with it, but the corn bread was still warm and soft and delicious.  After ordering the food, I got right up and filled up my mason jar with root beer from the fountain and then waited the 7 or 8 minutes for the food to come out.  I am going to admit right now that it has been some time since I thought about turning in my man card because of a meal, but there was no way I was able to finish the entire corn on the cob (which seemed to be crispy and fried which was something new for me) and the enormous pork sandwich that was served on a warm buttered bun and probably weighed in easily at over a pound.  I managed to eat most of the meat out of the sandwich and it was juicy and smoky but maybe slightly a little too chopped up for my liking however it was still amazing.  I did finish the corn (at least I finished my vegetables) and still have half a sandwich left for dinner.  Before I left, 3 of Scottsdale's men in blue all came in and ordered half a sandwich and fries. I am thinking that if these guys are all ordering the fries, there has to be something to them and I am going to have try them next time and definitely stick to just half a sandwich. Plus a half sandwich also saves me 2 bucks.  But I still got out of lunch today for 10 bucks which included the corn bread, the corn on the cob, the huge sandwich, unlimited fountain drinks from and with tax and tip so the deal is there.  Be aware they are closed from 3pm to 5pm which means there won't be much of a blue hair crowd for dinner in the afternoon.  It is also interesting to note that this is  the first barbecue joint that i have been in with a prominently displayed cappuccino machine. But as the owner responded when my buddy mentioned that was the first time that he had ever seen one of those in a barbecue joint, "there is a first time for everything." I am glad to say that this is the first time that I have been in the building now that it is Kinfolk and definitely not the last.
5	5 Stars - Probably one of the best BBQ in the valley...yes even better than Joe's BBQ...the cornbread and butter makes my mouth salivate...nowhere else does cornbread taste so good.  The spicy BBQ sauce is the best in the valley.  The meat quality is good, the BBQ sauce is what makes this place 5 stars.0 Stars - Problem is it is CLOSED forever.  spot is available for lease.
5	sad that this place closed last yr we would go to this place all the time MR kinfolk was super nice he would always give us extra food and idk about you but im glad to get up and fill my own drink so it can be full all the time great BBQ and great place sad this place is closed
