5	EXACTLY what James had promised. No schedule changes, on time, fair price, done professionally and good communication pre and during project. Good job Robbie! You are definitely my go-to guys for all things concrete.
5	Part of our job involved the foundation of our back-patio roof.   James (the father) formulated a plan to bring in supports for the roof while the old cement was removed and replaced.  Robbie (the son) and his crew implemented the plan impressively.  Now some formerly vexing areas have a beautiful new look, tripping hazards have been resolved, and the patio roof is more secure than it had been before.   We are completely happy with Belville's work and customer relations, and we would recommend them to anyone.
1	Think twice before hiring these guys!!! they did a horrible job on my floors and claimed they were going to patch all crack and make repairs where ever needed. The patch work they did do is so bad and I am embarressed with what has been left of my floors! After spending nearly 3000.00 I may have to lay tile or hardwood to cover up...
5	I would recommend Belville Concrete to everyone.  I hired them to stain my patio and it turned out beautiful.  They exceeded my expectations.
5	We recently used Belville Concrete to fix some places in our foundation stem wall that had started spalling.  When making initial contact, James came out right away to provide an estimate.  Once we were ready to do the work, he got us scheduled very quickly and had his crews out within a few days to start the job.  They did an EXCELLECT job!  We highly recommend them for any concrete needs.  It was a pleasure dealing with them.
1	really james...you set up the appointment for me 2 days ahead of time...i switch my work schedule to meet with you, then i get a call right before appointment saying you wont be there at 9:30 but will be able to meet at 11:30 which i thought ok i can work around this...at 12:25 i get a call saying you will be another 30 minutes???  when i express that you have already started out on the wrong foot you just laugh and said then your not coming at all!   this is just rude!!! no customer service at all???  glad i didnt go with you...who knows how you would have been once you had my money...please think twice before calling this business!
