5	Melissa is such a wonderful florist and her bouquets she made for my wedding were amazing! She was very attentive to what I wanted for mine and my girls bouquets. My bouquet was SO BEAUTIFUL! It was just amazing. It had all my colors - green, pink, and yellow.She met me near a Starbucks by my house and she is very flexible with payments. She arrived right on time on the day of my wedding with all the flowers. I didn't have to worry once about them not being there, I knew I wouldn't have to.Crazy Daisies is a definite must if you want beautiful, big bouquets for your wedding. Check out the pictures of my flowers!
5	I found Crazy Daisies on wedding wire, liked the pictures and called to set up a consultation. Days later I met Melissa and went over all of my ideas for my wedding. She was great form start to finish, Melissa worked with me for six months getting everything perfect. Her flowers were so beautiful, when I saw everything the day of my wedding I was amazed. Not only did Melissa do all of my flowers but she also did extra set up for me at three different locations of my wedding. Other vendors you might have trouble getting a hold of but not with Crazy Daisies. She keeps you involved 100% making sure that she does her best to make your event memorable. Melissa with Crazy Daises is the best and I hope that I get the chance to work with her again.
5	Melissa is phenomenal!! Truly THE best florist there is! Not just because her work is PERFECT but because she genuinely LOVES weddings! She is soo amazing and helpful and sweet and talented! Oh I wish I could have a bouquet of her flower arrangements in my home EVERY day!Trust me, book her! She will seriously make you feel like you are the ONLY bride in the world! She care so much, and is willing to do ANYTHING to make you day perfect! I LOVED her! We LOVED her! How much she cares SHOWS in her work!!We LOVE Melissa at Crazy Daisies!!
5	Melissa was absolutely amazing to work with and I would highly recommend her to anyone who needs a florist in the Las Vegas area. Very easy to communicate with and was even able to work with me when I had people back out of the wedding party last minute. The flowers were absolutely gorgeous and I don't think I could have loved my bouquet anymore. Thanks again Melissa for making my special day beautiful.
