4	Another great thrift store. Obviously, it's only for girls (if you couldn't tell by the name). The entire store is furnished in pink and girly things. The clothes (not all pink haha) were definitely cute and kept in good shape. This store is half thrift and half new. I will be coming back here for sure!
4	A thrift store with a surprisingly good selection of well kept clothes at very reasonable prices. A lot of Bebe, Express, Guess, A&F, Charlotte Russe and Forever 21 from what I saw. I got two outfits (a dress and a denim skirt with a pink top) for $25. I got complimented on the dress by my boyfriend the first time I wore it, so the clothes there aren't just garbage rejects. Since it just recently opened I think the selection is still great, we will see if it lasts.  It is very close to my place so I will be stopping by periodically to check for other great finds and maybe bring in some of the stuff I no longer wear.
1	This place is to much! Not only do they sell knock offs they cant tell the difference. They dont have any idea what they are doing. Went in with a friend because she recieved a flyer she took in some clothes, shoes and jewelry. The lady didnt want to look at her belongings while she was there she wanted her to leave her things, she said to come back in 45 min. What was that about??? DONT TRUST THIS PLACE!!!!!! I'm sorry when a womans fashions leaves a 15 try old in charge and He can't help. He was trying to dress a maniquin but was making to much fun of the (female parts) Not very professional. To bad to it is close to home. Personally I would rather pay a little more for products I can trust and personal service by professionals.
1	This place is TERRIBLE!  Looks like cheap knock-offs and trashy clothes from Walmart!  I took in well over $2000 worth of clothing and they did not want anything, including accessories.  I looked over their items (cheap and not gently used) and I would never spend my money there.  A complete waste of time.  By the way, they kept my clothes to "assess" them and put them in plastic garbage bags to return them! (Rude!)  Seriously, don't waste your time or money there!!!
5	awesome clothing, both new and gently used, got a very good deal, its a lil hidden so i like to think of it as my hidden treasure. i don't have to go very far to buy my friends and family great clothing  from all the brands that i know they'll love
4	Cute little store. Sells new and used clothes. Great Customer service. On Tuesdays and Thursdays you can bring in season specific clothes for store credit. For the most part clothes are pretty current and well priced. For example super cute used tan shirt for like $8 and a silver Tiffany bracelet for $20 (barely used) New Abercrombie skirt for about $20.Take a look you never know what you'll find.
3	This place is okay. Not a lot of selection and fairly small. Not a lot of variety of sizes either. The hours posted on here are wrong! I went there at 11am and they weren't open they open at noon to 6pm. I came back at 12:15pm and no one was there. I waited a lil bit longer and finally someone showed up. I sold some stuff there but didn't find a whole lot. Trading isn't worth it there. It's an okay place not that bad but Platos Closet is way better as far as selection. The lady that works there is really nice and professional. I think they just need more stuff to sell there and more sizes.
