2	01.24.13 UPDATE: I've heard that La Lumiere has stepped it up since my August review and a bunch of my friends love this platce. As soon as I go again, I'll update my review, hopefully adding some stars to the walk!08.30.12 REVIEW: really wanted to love this place. Around the corner, fresh vegan food, grassroots feel, crayons for the kids, courtyard in the back, nice people, etc.Perhaps four years ago when this place opened it was really nice. But there has been zero attention paid to physical upkeep. Now, what I can imagine was once funky and cute has devolved into dilapidated and careless. Tables were falling apart with nails sticking out of them, courtyard actually backs up to a bunch of garbage bins/dumpster which stinks, etc. Food was slow, but decent (probably a three). However, with places like Aux Vivres down the way and Panthere Verte around the corner, well, I think La Lumiere needs to  try harder. A week of scrub-a-dub clean-up and refreshing could have that place back in effect.  Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: Risky at best. 3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I eat here regularly if financially and calorically feasible.5 Star: I'm comfortable taking other chefs here.
2	Postage-sized old-style hippie joint, complete with emo folkie music playing in the background and a motley assortment of salvaged furniture all cobbled and slapped together.Vegetarian mains,smoothies,tisanes, (they're not much for the real stuff) fair-trade coffee. The proprietor suggested I bring groups here in summer for vegan lunches/dinners, as she has a beautiful backyard.  I saw the "beautiful" backyard, and it looks like a dump site! Afraid to imagine what it looks like in summer! Me thinks not, sorry! I've no idea what the food is like, as I've not tried it, but after seeing the backyard, and overall place, I'm frankly, afraid to.
4	I thought the place was great. The vegan dishes were delicious. And as far as the place, it had a great vibe to it.
5	I go here at least once a week.  It`s always fresh and always amazing and totally affordable.   The staff is friendly and sweet.  I highly recommend it!
