4	Having stayed at most of the theme park-like Vegas mega-hotels that are practically big enough to be cities unto themselves, I opted for something a little more sedate and a lot less expensive for my last visit. Hawthorn Suites (part of the Hyatt chain) is located just off the strip, tucked between the Tropicana and the San Remo and directly across from the MGM Grand. There's no  casino, no all-you-can-eat buffet, no 24-hour lounge with third rate singers - just spacious and comfortable accommodations a short walk away from all the properties with slot machines and blackjack tables. One and two-bedroom suites, all with a balcony or patio, are available. Each has a fully equipped kitchen (with all appliances, including a microwave, dishwasher, and coffee/tea maker with complimentary coffee provided daily), dining area, and living room (with sleeper sofas) with plenty of room to spread out. Each bedroom has its own bath (with hair dryer). Other amenities include cable TV (equipped with Nintendo and pay-per-view movies), modem/data port connection with high speed Internet access, iron/ironing board, and voicemail. A complimentary newspaper is left at the door. There are laundry facilities on the property. There is a large pool, daily maid service, plenty of parking, an on-site convenience store and ATM, and the front desk is manned 24 hours. The hotel is pet friendly and features both handicapped access and non-smoking rooms. Cribs are available for families with infants. Unlike many of the larger hotels, they permit a Saturday arrival. Rates vary greatly, depending upon season and guest affiliations (AAA, AARP, etc.), but a one-bedroom can be had for as little as $89.00, with a two-bedroom going for $134.00.
4	clean, spacious, nicely air conditioned, well supplied (kitchenware with wine glasses, champagne glasses, cute bowls, comforters, extra pillows, three tv's in a two bedroom suite, towels, etc), complimentary breakfast (no hot food items, mainly pastries & cereal/oatmeal, juice, cappucino coffee machines), tasty complimentary coffee in each suite (with just the right strength of caffeine), close to MGM, quiet and not outrageously expensive even for a holiday weekend! i didn't expect much, but this "Desert Rose Resort" really impressed my friends and i, we didn't want to leave! it magically even made "just my luck" with lindsay lohan enjoyable to watch! much more comfy than our stay at the monte carlo the night before (even though it's off the strip)...minus one for somewhat lumpy beds, at least the pull out sofa and king sized beds were...the two twin beds were fine. i like my bed nice and hard. i could hear the springs from the pull out sofa bed, good thing i was hecka tired from the shopping marathon in hundred degree weather.
3	Note that this is now the "Desert Rose Resort".  I've stayed here several times over the years, and consider it one of the very best deals for basic condo-style rooms within walking distance of the Strip. You can walk to the Tropicana, the MGM Grand, and the monorail stop behind the MGM.
4	I apologize for writing my review so grossly late, but I have been globetrotting around the planet since visiting Las Vegas, NV!Anyway, I took my Mom here for her birthday present on June 25, 2007.  We stayed in Las Vegas for seven glorious, fun-filled days!Surprisingly, the resort is a very peaceful place to stay and very clean which is located off the strip within walking distance!  The resort is kitty corner to Hooters.  The only thing bad about the resort is the hot tub jets were inoperative when we stayed there and the food/beer around the strip was very EXPENSIVELY PRICEY!Other than the two negatives, this place is cool as Vino Bello Resort in Napa, CA, but not as cool as Vino Bello!Please take a peek of the pics I took with my Nokia 6260 camera phone inside the two bedroom condo we stayed for seven days.  BTW:  The living room couch was quite comfy when made into a queen size bed.  O=;-)
3	Back in May my good friend bought four tickets to see Tom Jones who would be performing at the MGM. My bf and I had seen him there three times already and once got upgraded to a two bedroom super corner suite at the MGM. It's hard going back to those small rooms after you see how the other people live, ya know? So, after much research and connections that fell through we came across the Desert Rose Resort. A two bedroom suite was about 200 bucks a night on the weekend. Cute, well maintained, clean and spacious rooms. Full kitchen but no mini bar. Coffee maker but only decaf coffee. (More on that later.) Three TVs with cable, two bathrooms with full showers... Nice. Not amazing, but definitely good value.We arrive to check in at 4:30 and we are told (after confirming the day before) that there is no room. Not "Your room isn't ready" just "We don't have a room" After several moments of unnecessary panic we realize that what he is trying to say is that it's just not ready yet. He says "Well, check in isn't until 4pm, sooo.." I make note of the time to him and we all just get a blank look. "Do you know -when- it will be ready?" one of us asks. He picks up a phone, mumbles, hangs up and says "Uhhh, I don't know, like 15-30 minutes." "Can we start the check-in process now?" "Not till the room is ready."Silence.This place isn't a casino, so you can't just belly up to the bar, or slot machine to kill some time. "Can we leave our bags here?" Someone asks. "Uh yeah, how many tickets you need?" He slaps down four tickets and quickly busies himself. "Can I borrow a pen?" I askYou catching the vibe here? Absolutely no service. No sense of keeping people at ease, making us happy by suggesting -ANYTHING- other than "there's no room." A compete dick.So, 45 minutes later when we call from Hooters to see if our room is ready, he answers the phone, asks the name of the reservation and then says, "I don't have a reservation under that name" Fuckyouyoufuckingdick! Don't play games with me, you know who we are, this isn't some giant mecca of a place! We spell the last name for him and yes our room is ready.We check in, get our room with parking lot views and get ready for a night with TJ!Next morning, er afternoon, we wake up and want some coffee only to find that the four packets are all decaf. KJ, being the most pleasant of our group calls down and kindly asks who we need to talk to about getting some caffeinated coffee. Okay! It's on the way. We wait 25 minutes and call again. We wait 20 more and call again, KJ asks if she could meet them somewhere to speed the process up. So an hour later we got our coffee.We go out, have a day, come back to the room and the house keepers tidied up our space and left us a passive aggressive mound of pre-packaged coffee on our counter. I'm guessing they just really like us. I don't know. I'm not sure how to read into that one... We also overheard other guests complain that they wanted to use the BBQ, which is part of the package, but the hotel rented out the space two days in a row to a group of cyclists and that area was now off limits. "They paid for it." Is what I heard the charmer behind the desk tell them. These guys with their corn on the cob already wrapped in foil and ready to go on the grill who also "paid for it" walked off in disgust for the second day in a row they said.Upon check out we got our bill and were charged for a $7 phone call to LA while we at the TJ concert. They would not just take our word for it, that we all have cell phones, that we were not in the room at that time and made us stand there and argue with them about it for ten minutes...So why three stars? One star for big clean rooms, one star for value, and one star because I think people and attitudes can change. I would go back there again but if I had the same experience I'd burn the place down."Don't even think about getting accommodated here" should be their motto.My motto "What happens in Vegas, ends up on Yelp."
2	I went with a large group of friends to Vegas and we ended up staying at Desert Rose, a bit off the Strip next to Hooters and Tropicana, instead of staying at a place on the Strip.  Location wise, this place is decent if you want to stay close to the fun without dealing with the hastle of driving through the Strip, but IMO, why come to Vegas if you're not going to be at the Strip?!  Me and my friends ended up walking everywhere, and this took a LONG time.  Getting to MGM alone (which is the closest big casino to it besides crappy Tropicana) took around 10-15 minutes.  Another thing that bugged me was that there's a big wall surrounding the place because it is private property.  On my trip, walking back from the tropicana side, I decided to jump over the wall because I was lazy and didn't want to walk alll the way around...and because I was a little tipsy and didn't care.  They have security guards on bikes riding around the property, and he caught me jumping over the wall, so it was just a pain knowing that I had to walk all the way around the wall every time.  The amenities are nice though, can't complain about that.  In the end though, I recommend just paying a few bucks and staying on the Strip since you will most likely spend most of your time there anyways.
4	This is a very impressive hotel. It's perfect for families because it's not on the strip, but still walking distance. It will get you away from the insanity that the Strip can offer so you can actually get some sleep at night. The rooms are very nice. They are more of a mall apartment with a kitchen, living room and bedroom. The breakfast was really great too. Most of the stuff is just standard, but there is one plate of smoked salmon with capers that was fantastic and made a normal, standard breakfast something special. The one thing about the hotel that wasn't really great was that the supposedly free internet wasn't working. But all this for $50 on priceline, is a great deal.
3	We just spent the weekend here in a very nice, clean, huge suite.  The bed was very comfortable.  The pool area is very nice...BUT the pool wasn't heated and the water was freezing!  We even noticed comedian Bobby Slayton was haning out by the pool and he also complained that the water was too cold.  The strip is a decent walk away, MGM and Hooters are close.  Cabs don't come by this place unless they are dropping guests off, but you can walk up a block to Hooters to catch one easily.  We ended up getting our own taxi driver, Ted, and whenever we needed a cab we'd call him.  This place is a geat buy compared to the resort rates on the strip, especially when you don't spend time in your hotel except to sleep.
4	I like this place. I have been to Las Vegas quite a few times. I have always stayed on the strip but this July 4th weekend we decided to stay here since everything was WAY too expensive. Even Luxor was in the $200. Our rate at Desert Rose was much lower than that. Who can beat that for a weekend? We didn't care if it was off strip because we rented a car and also we already had the vegas experience before. It's not like we were missing out on anything. In fact, I like the intimate settings yet it is not too far from strip. The value for this hotel is excellent. You get a 500 sq ft 1 bedroom.  I like it....There is free breakfast even though not the best. But come on...free soft drinks and juice in the morning when you don't want to go too far.
2	I was really surprised to see all of the positive reviews for The Desert Rose because my experience was not a positive one.  First the good things; I am a Shell Owner so staying here is part of my plan but from what I hear the place is a great value for a location this close to the strip.  The lobby is nice and our room was also well decorated despite some shabby furniture.  But the biggest problem we experienced at the Desert Rose were the cockroaches, and when I say cockroaches, I don't mean one little beetle-like bug, I mean that once the sun went down the entire grounds were infested with them running all over the paths, up the exterior walls, in the elevator and unfortunately in our room.I happen to be deathly afraid of insects, all insects.  My husband took me to a butterfly conservatory once and I nearly had a stroke so when we parked and went to bring in our bags and saw the nasty little buggers all over the path to our room I just about had a nervous breakdown especially since this is Vegas and you have on cute little strappy sandals, not army boots to protect your feet.  But once I made it to the door of our room I thought I was home free until I saw them on the door to the room.  Finally my husband cleared the way and in we went.  Not ten minutes later we placed our first call to the front desk about the fact that we had several roaches in our room.  They were not surprised to hear this and said they' d send someone to spray.  This helped for a day or two but soon our guests were back.  Several in the bathroom, one in the kitchen, one in the living room and though it traumatizes me to write it, one on the sofa that ran across my lap while watching TV!  We complained to the front desk to which the woman responded, "Well, we're in the valley and it is summertime."  As if by some strecth of the imagination a roach infested room is seasonally acceptable!  They offered us a second floor room, reasoning that they may not be AS BAD upstairs.  Well, in truth they weren't that bad but they were still there and I still had to run screaming down the paths if we were out at night.  The registration desk said that they would offer us a discount on the room, but since we are owners there was nothing they could do for us.  Unfortunately complaints made to Shell Vacations Club later went unanswered.The pool area was kind of dirty with bandaids in the water, cigarette butts and roach carcasses around the pool.  I loved Las Vegas but I would never stay at The Desert Rose again, no matter what the season!
5	after staying at the hotel from hell, walking in to this place was like heaven.  i just love condo-style places.  i'm not much of a vegas party girl so i didn't mind being off the strip.  there is no casino here so i didn't have to worry about smelling like smoke.  the staff is very friendly.  check-in was at 4 pm but they allowed early check-in since there was a room available.  the phone rang about an hour later which scared the crap out of me but it was just the concierge calling to say welcome!  the one-bedroom suite had a full kitchen, dining area, living room, two TVs (one in living room and one in bedroom), and patio for the smokers.  the chaise in the living room was super comfy!  i want one!  the bed was even more comfy with the best pillows.  i wanted to take them home.  the whole place was very cute and cozy.they have happy hour from 5-7 on weekdays, and free continental breakfast every morning.  i'm definitely pickin this place for my next vegas trip.
5	Always stay here when attending convention at Mandalay Bay. Right across the street, adjacent to Hooters and The Tropicana Casino. Perfect one or two bedroom, full kitchen. Perfect price for the hospitality and cleanliness. My fav, every space has a walk-out balcony.Love it!
4	The location of the Desert Rose Resort is great if you want to be close to the Strip, but not on it.  Our room was very nice-full kitchen, one bedroom suite.  Very comfortable and spacious.  A very relaxing place.  My only real complaint about it is that the continental breakfast was pretty lame, but with a full kitchen, I guess you can make your own breakfast.
1	-WARNING-   -NOT RECOMMENDED-  Let me tell you about my night here at the Desert Rose. This place looks nice at the front desk and the room was what you would expect out of any random hotel to be, as far as looks and overall feel of the room. Not the best, but feels inviting to stay. So, after hitting the strip up for a bit, we decided to go back to the hotel. When we got there, things where fine, we all were sitting down talking about what's next and then I see this thing moving on the floor. I grab a glass to catch it, and when I did, I see what it is. It's about an inch and a quarter long COCKROACH. We walked up to the front desk to tell the management, and when saying that we caught a roach they give us this look like it was no big thing. They asked if we wanted the security to come to our room!? We say no thank you, we want our money back. After going back and forth with Expedia and the front desk for about 2 hours about how we just wanted our money back so we could leave, the management tells us good luck on finding another room. Then while on the phone I catch another one. I was sick! At this time it's 2am and all we want to do is go to sleep. We feel that it is not worth it to spend full price on another hotel just to be there for a handful of hours. So we decided to drive 330 plus miles back home. This vacation turned out to be not only a big waste of time, but waste of money because of this roach situation. My biggest worry is that the roaches didn't get into my bags and then transported back to my house. When I got home I was so tired I just dropped my bags and went to sleep not even thinking about this until I just woke up. Driving 5 hours in traffic there and 4 hours back in the same night sucked. This hotel did nothing to help us, just wanted to know if we were leaving.-NOT RECOMMENDED-P.S. It seams that this roach problem is new? by the rest of the reviews. So if your staying here, ask before you book the room, if security has man handled the roaches out of the rooms yet!
1	After sitting in the car for hours driving from so cal to vegas, we check into the Desert Rose. It is a decent looking hotel for the price and seems clean. Everything is cool at first and we head out to the strip. At about 1:30 AM we decide to return to the room for a bit and turn the lights on. All of the sudden, my friend catches this little critter moving across the room. It's a cockroach! We let the front desk know about this and tell them we are going to leave and are not paying for this room. I did not hear one apology nor much concern about this. They acted as if these little critters were indigenous. We were told that since Expedia booked the trip, we had to call them for a refund. We go back to the room to pack and then my friend catches another cockroach! So we quickly finish packing so we can leave and hope that there aren't any cockroaches that crawled into our bags! It would be difficult to find any available rooms in other hotels at that time and we did not want to pay for a room just to stay until 10 or 11 am. We ended up driving home. Out trip to vegas was ruined!
3	uummmm yeah....Very different than any Vegas spot I've stayed at...More like a one bedroom apartment. We stayed here 2 nights...sorta off the strip...they say its a block away but more like a 10 min walk...I guess its a VEGAS block...huge..The place was clean. The AC was excellent except in the bedroom...sorta hot in there.  It had a full kitchen with stove, microwave, fridge.....which was nice since we took a quick trip to the grocery store to pick up things to munch on.  I like the fact that every room has a balcony so it was nice to be able to sit out there and enjoy a few drinks before heading out for the night. Pre-Party is always fun. We had continental breakfast every morning...it was light breakfast but still free! Every time we went to the pool it was loaded with kids....this hotel is a kid zone....so if you have kids and want something relaxing this is your spot!
4	Would definitely stay at the Desert Rose again, if I ever went back to Vegas. Happy to find somewhere at a very reasonable price for a Saturday night  (booked through Hotwire), I was even happier when they upgraded us to a 2 bedroom suite, no prompting required! Full suite with kitchen and balcony, 2 bathrooms, 3 televisions, free breakfast, no annoying valet parking. Also stayed in a suite at the Signature @ MGM Grand, which came a sorry second. Good stuff.
4	In planning our next trip to Vegas, we're going back to the Desert Rose!Its incredibly affordable considering it averages to less than $150/night for a suite that has a full kitchen and sleeps at least 4 people. For my 30th birthday some of us went to Vegas and this was barely off the strip, just across from the MGM and behind the Tropicana. Every room has a balcony, beds are super comfy, free continental breakfast and a nice workout room. The kitchen is a FULL kitchen in that it has everything you'll need except the food. A grocery store is roughly a 10 minute drive awaySince my birthday is in January we didn't get a chance to enjoy the pool but overall this place is definitely worth it. I like to spend my $ on eating out and hitting the different spots on the strip. This place offers comfort for a reasonable price.
4	Stayed here for a week and was happy I made that decision.The place is a low rise condotel with all the amemities like gym,pool,laundry. Breakfast is free everyday at the main lobby, there is always a crowd and no place to sit because of the limited seats available. They also have happy hour at the same venue where free beers, soda and fingerfoods are served. EXPECT a full house.The rooms are clean and maintained. The maids clean and change the towels everyday,The carpet is a bit worn .Location is just right besides HOOTERs casino.WOuld come back and stay here again without batting an eyelash.
4	My husband's parents have never been to Vegas. We decided to meet them there for a weekend touristy trip. It was my job to find a place to stay. After reading tons of reviews and searching for the best deals on the strip, we decided to give Desert Rose Resort a try. For the price we paid here, we would of had to share a room at any other place on the strip. The two-bedroom worked out perfectly. The two rooms are on opposite sides of the common living area so there was plenty of privacy. Although the view from our third floor balcony was the rear parking lot of Tropicana, it was nice to be able to open up the sliding door for the fresh air. The kitchen was fully stocked and would have been great if we really needed it. The bathrooms were nice...our master shower even had 4 extra shower heads mounted lower on the wall. The beds were comfy, although I think they were aging because the edges were saggy and I felt I was going to fall off if I was too close to the edge. TVs are old, but that's not what we were there for. In reading other reviews, I expected to see at least one creepy crawler somewhere, but I saw none at all. Our room was at the back of the complex and it was very quiet, other than the occasional Las Vegas Blvd ambalamps siren. We didn't venture to the pool area, don't even know where it was. The breakfast on a Sunday morning was okay. There was quite a crowd, but it seemed like there was enough food, even at 10:00am. Cold cereals, boiled eggs, yogurt, toast, English muffins, apples, instant oatmeal, Starbucks coffee, instant cocoa juice and fountain drinks. Even though it wasn't right on the strip, the walk wasn't bad. We were there to do the tourist thing, so walking all weekend was expected. We only had to take a cab to get to the Planet Hollywood buffet before breakfast prices ended. :)It was a great deal, $200 for two nights (Friday & Saturday) for 4 people, and I would definitely return.
4	Really nice rooms. TV in main room and has DVD player. Bedroom also has TV (no DVD player)Heated pool. Gym to exercise in. Access control gates (can't reach any rooms without your card to let you into the hotel room areas).Cell phone reception seemed pretty bad in this place though. I had at least 3-4 bars in all the major hotels but in this small place I was lucky to have 1-2.
3	Our visit:I stayed at this resort from the evening of July 15th to the morning of July 18th with four friends. We enjoyed a two bedroom suite. Here is a break down of the Pros and Cons:Pros: -     Our three night stay cost us each $55 total. I was shocked at how inexpensive this was. -     We were issued a key card for every person in our room, so there was no waiting on anyone else to get into the room. -     The location was wonderful. It was right next to the airport, so a taxi-van for five cost $12 total. It was also right off of the strip. It is located directly behind the Hooters Hotel and Casino, one block from the MGM Grand, Luxor, Excalibur, and New York-New York. -     The main common area of the suite had a sectional sofa with a chase-seat, cushy chairs, a dining table and chairs for four, a large television, and a dine-in kitchenette (fridge/freezer, toaster, sink, dishwasher, microwave, and full set of dishes). -     There were two large bedrooms, each with large closets. On bedroom had a full bathroom, and another full bathroom was located just off the hallway. -     Large hall-closet with a safe. -     The whole suite was very clean and comfortable. It was like a small apartment. -     There was a pool, jacuzzi, and sunning chairs (with and without umbrellas) all in an enclosed courtyard. Endless towels were readily available.Cons: -     As great as the price was, I've been told that a group can stay in a similar suite in the MGM Grand or the Luxor for that same price. -     The phone in our suite didn't work. It couldn't make outgoing calls. We had the maintenance guy come fix it three times in the four days that we were there. It wasn't until the third day that they phone actually worked. When we reported the problem, after the first time, the desk kept insisting that the phone had already been fixed. -     When we tried to call the concierge, the phone wasn't working. We called the hotel from a cell and reminded them that our phone still wasn't working. Then asked to speak to the concierge. The woman at the desk told us, "The concierge can't help you." We explained that we didn't want to ask the concierge about the phone, we wanted to ask her about dinner. By time the woman got done arguing with us about how "The concierge can't help you," the concierge had left for the evening. This was 4:30pm on a Saturday. It just seems like a time when a hotel would want to make sure a concierge was on duty. -     On the day we arrived, our key-cards didn't work correctly. One of them worked alright, but the other four didn't read correctly. If you stood there and swiped them over and over, they would sometimes work after about twenty tries (not exaggerating.) The key-cards are necessary to get into the room, from the lobby to the rooms, and into pool area. This caused a LOT of problems.       When we went to the pool, we were locked out of the pool area. This was particular annoying because it was about 110 degrees that day, and the metal gate of the pool area was too hot to touch. When we returned from the pool, three of us had our key-cards and none of them worked. We were trapped in the lobby in swim suits. One friend went to the desk to explain our delema. She showed the woman her key-card, but the woman said that she couldn't let any of us into the building from the pool without our drivers' licenses. Having come from the pool, we didn't have IDs. Finally, one of us came down from the room and let the others in.       On another occasion, one of us left the room alone (the rest of the girls were already at the pool), and realized that she had left her card in the room. The door had already shut behind her. The housekeeper was in the hall and witnessed this taking place, but said that she could not let the girl into the room without ID. The ID was in the room.       Finally, on the afternoon of Saturday (we left Sunday morning) the hotel answered our request and sent someone up from security to check our key-cards and issue us new ones. The security lady said that we had probably done something to mess all of the cards up and to be more careful with the new ones. -     Saw a cockroach in the walkway to our room. It was only one (which I know doesn't mean there's a full on infestation), but it still really weirded me out.
5	2 Nights; Four People; 1 Bedroom suite; Complimentary parking spacePaid $49/nightReview for May 2010Pros:+ Convenient location; close to the strip without the traffic of the strip+ Condo-style; so, it was a very comfortable stay+ Private entrance to building+ Full kitchen with kitchenware... so you can have a 'home-cooked' meal!+ Spacious... everything.  Room, Kitchen, Bathroom, Living area+ Non-gaming hotel; very peaceful atmosphere + Complimentary continental breakfast (I wish we took advantage of that)+ Alarm clock had a dock for my iPod/iPhone... which was coolCons:- Because there were 4 of us... the bathroom was inconveniently located in the bedroom.  The bedroom door had to be unlocked so there was access to the bathroom.  haha.  not really a 'con', but it bothered me.I can't wait to come back.  I'm not a fan of large crowds, so the hotels on the strip are not for me.  Desert Rose Resort is definitely a 'home' away from home. :)
5	8/13-8/15Love this place everytime we come! it's easy convenient and the staff is super friendly...we came during NYE weekend and had a blast..this time i think we were put in a newer accommodations but the setup was still the same...and we love the easy and laid back feel...as well as the ability to store your own food and drinks in your own kitchen which you can't do in any of the hotels...it's also very nice and quiet and since there is no casino, you actually feel like your coming back to get some rest after a long day out roaming the Strip and hopping from casino to casino! They also have the easiest check out ever...super quick!
4	Pretty nice place if you don't want to deal with all the gamblers. Room is nice and big with two TVs, one with a home theater DVD type set-up. The work out center is large and had good equipment, lots of people using the pools even when it wasn't that warm outside~
4	I got a deal staying at this place through Bloomspot.com. $106 a night for weekend! Loved staying here too. It's like an apartment. Full kitchen, 1 or 2 bedroom rooms, pull out sofa bed. Amazing. They even have dishes, pots and pans to cook with which were all new and clean. Plenty of parking around. No need for a tag or sticker of any sort to park. The free continental was a big dissappointment for me. All they had was cereal, oatmeal pouches, canned fruit, boiled eggs, and toast. I don't know about even calling it continental breakfast... Coffee and juice machines as well. I'd love to stay here again for the right price. It's not super close to any of the big casinos. More near Hooters. MGM is like a 15 min walk I think. It's pretty quiet around too. This would be a great place for a group of people to split the costs.
5	Yes. I have a time share. But as time shares go this place go this place is pretty bitchin'.  I loved our condo. When you're staying in Vegas, food can get pricey. I'm sure you can find that famous 2 dollar Vegas buffet somewhere but not  near the strip. We had our own kitchen which came in really handy in the mornings about before party snacking. The Desert Rose also offer free continental breakfast and has an evening cocktail hour that is also free. Our stay here was great and I can't think of staying anywhere else in LV. The Desert Rose isn't on the strip but is a very short cab ride and all the excitement.
4	I been to LV a lot in my 30+ years of life, and I've stayed in many a hotel/resort. From high end, to with the fam bam (they live in LV). On the strip and off. The Desert Rose lives up to its namesake, it truly is a rose in the middle of the desert.Let me just say up front, I'm a Shell Vacation Homeowner, and the DR is one of the properties that I have access to, so price, well let's say I'm in good standing.The wifey and I took a friend to LV for his first ever trip to LV over the Turkey Day weekend. We spend it with my family, but to be honest, I really don't like staying with the fam bam at their house (too much incense burning all the time). So I decided to utilize my benefits for the first time.Check-in was a breeze...we got complementary breakfast delivered every morning (nothing huge, but it was nice) with juice, milk or coffee, in addition to the continental that they serve in the lobby in the mornings. I was given a parking pass to park in the lot so my car wouldn't get towed, and parking was right next to the room (bonus!).We had a wonderful corner two bedroom suite so we really didn't have to worry too much about noise from the other rooms, and with two full baths, it was a definite plus. A full kitchen with bowels, pots and silverware at our disposal as well as some complimentary teas and coffees for brewing.The room was cleaned everyday and the place was free of any creepy crawlies. Beds and rooms were perfect for the three of us, and as an added bonus, we got use of there "gym" and got to see the pool (dead of winter...not swimming. Don't care that the pool is heated....the air when I get out isn't! The gym wasn't great (it's not a 24 hour or anything) but it got the job done.As we walked throughout the resort (had to got to the front desk), everyone would stop whatever they were doing and greet us with a good whatever, and ask it everything was ok. That's just never happened in any of the other places I've stayed.So, am I a fan? Yes.This place was perfect for me...close enough to the Strip that I could walk, but far enough away that I don't have to hear the Strip.
4	1 block from the strip. NOT in a casino. Room was clean and comfy. The kitchen was useful, at least the fridge was.
3	I'm going to start with a very important fact about this resort that I was not aware of until I got there -They do not take check cards. Of any kind. For any reason. Not for paying for your room, not to hold for incidentals...not even to use in the gift/snack shop.I understand the first two, but the latter just blew my mind. Fortunately, I had a "real" credit card on me and I was able to check into my room with no problems. Still, it would be a real pain to find that out if you got to Vegas with only a check card and expected to be able to use it here. I was staying here as part of a week-long training I was taking with a company called NetCom. They have an office in this resort and they offer a package deal with travel and accommodations to go along with their boot camp training sessions. Because of that I can't really speak to the rates in this place. I understand they paid something like $86 a night for my room, but that could be part of a deal they have with the resort and not a rate the average traveler can get. My room was comfortable, huge, and clean. More like a spacious one bedroom apartment than a hotel room. There was a full kitchen with a confusing mix of appliances (I had a blender but no microwave...I guess that's for all those folks needing to make mixed drinks in a Vegas room). The bed was nice and cozy, and the pillows were great. I wish I had asked what the brand of them was, in retrospect. The location is excellent. It's just off the strip behind the Hooters hotel. Close enough to all the action that the only time we took any kind of public transportation during our stay there was to go to Fremont street. Many of the popular hotels on the main strip are within relatively painless walking distance. If you aren't used to walking you'll probably want to catch a bus if you're going as far down as the Stratosphere or the Hilton.My biggest complaint about the resort is that the free breakfast is the exact same thing every day. The hot food consists of scrambled eggs, sausage, and toast. They have a variety of cereals, some fresh fruit, and oatmeal. Every day. Not so bad if you're only there for a few days, I suppose, but I was there for 8 and by the end of it I was really, really sick of sausage and eggs.I've seen other reviews that mentioned bugs - specifically roaches. I saw none on the campus of the resort or in my room. I did see a few flying bugs (I think they were moths), but definitely no roaches.If you go down for the free cocktails during the week make sure to take your room key. They have a fake door set up next to the bar and they may ask you to swipe your key before they give you anything. Mind you, this only happened to me once (and it was after I had checked out that morning so I kind of had to bluff my way into free wine while I waited for the shuttle to pick me up for the airport).
4	Since it's walking distance, you can enjoy the strip without being right on it. And you can't argue with the room price or the complimentary happy hour mon-thurs
5	Very close to the strip. Rooms are clean and spacious. The staff is very pleasant.The breakfast is great. Price is amazing. Definitely recommend.
3	Stayed here in 2009Besides a roach being in our room and the staff providing us with spray so that we could handle the problem ourselves; it was a nice stay. The staff overall was kind and helpful and the resort was very close to the strip.
4	We stayed at the Desert Rose over Labor Day weekend and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We usually stay at a hotel on the strip and it was such a pleasant change not to have to walk through HUGE smoke filled casinos just to get to our room. We visited friends on Saturday at their hotel pool on Saturday and it was so crowded, it would have been difficult to extend your arms and not touch someone. We opted for the Desert Rose pool on Sunday and while almost every chaise was taken, I was the only one in the pool for long periods of time. So relaxing! It was also nice to have a one bedroom suite vs a tiny hotel room. Our friends decided to drive up with us on Friday instead of driving by themselves on Saturday but they hadn't booked a room until Saturday night so it was great to say "just crash on our sofa bed!" It's a very short walk to the MGM and of course from there, you can get everywhere on the strip. Taxis were easy to get (just ask at the front desk) and since it's not far off the strip, the cab fares weren't bad. I'm a night person and didn't get back to our room until 3am - 4am each morning so I was snoozing through the breakfast time....with that, I can't comment on the long lines that I'd read about. The staff was friendly, the resort clean and pretty, the location great.......this is the third Shell Vacations property we've stayed at since we became owners and we were not disappointed! We'll definitely be back!
4	My parents stayed here on our tip to Vegas this past weekend, and though I was with my friend who has a place out there at his frat (he goes to UNLV), I ended up sleeping here a couple nights. There wasn't anything that I found wrong with it, except maybe for the slow Internet but that wasn't so much a big deal to me. The rooms are nice, and cheap for the quality ($80 bucks a night off Hotels.com). They have a full kitchen with stove, fridge and freezer, sink, counter space, and dishes. There was a small dining table which was nice to have. The couch was comfortable, a good plus since I was sleeping on it. The air conditioning was a little noisy but who's complaining about that in the middle of September in Vegas. The place had a free happy hour with drinks and snacks from 5 to 7 on weeknights which was nice as well. It's not all that far from the strip if you don't mind walking. Located a five minute walk from Las Vegas Blvd. right around the southern edge of the mid strip. If you have the money I say stay in the strip if that's where you're going to be spending most of your time. However, if you don't want to waste all your money on lodging then this is a good alternative for a very decent price.
4	This place is great for a big group! We stayed here for a friends birthday a couple of weeks ago and it was pretty nice. It is located behind the MGM hotel and right by Hooters hotel. We rented a two bedroom villa and our room was very spacious. It also came with a fully equipped kitchen and it had everything you need to cook food. There were two full bathrooms and they had extra pillows and blankets. It said it sleeps 6 people but it could probably sleep around 10 people comfortably. It was reasonably priced and it was very quiet. The continental breakfast is probably the best breakfast I have had. They had a lot of variety and options for people. Overall a good place to stay if you don't mind staying a little bit away from the strip.
4	Great location, conveniently located, spacious, clean, free breakfast, free wifi... But the walls are thin as hell and horrible cell reception. I was able to manage so not a huge negative for me. Definitely would stay here again.
4	Visiting Sin City on business, we booked 3 mid week rooms at the Desert Rose. Over all it was excellent. I've stayed in a number of places on and off strip: Luxor, TI, Excalibur, and I think it was a Hilton by the Convention Center many moons ago...Desert Rose Resort is my favorite so far.PROS:Very friendly service.Rooms were clean and comfortable, well decorated.Bed was very comfortable - a pillow for every taste! Balcony, Kitchen, Chaise lounge at the end of the couch.Walking distance to the Monorail station at MGM. Quiet - not like staying in a casino.On departure, there was an airport shuttle that offered us a very affordable ride.Minor Cons:Continental breakfast was edible but nothing to write home about.have a map - the layout of the resort is complicated.If I go again - I'll stay there for sure!
5	Loved this place. Slow wi-fi but other than that... Loved it. The room was big. The FULL kitchen was fully equipped. The bed was comfy. The tub was deep like a jacuzzi... Great! The staff is very friendly as well.
5	My family and I recently visited Vegas and stayed at the Desert Rose from Monday to Friday. We stayed in a room with two bedroom and had enough space for all of us (we also used the pull out in the living area). The room was very clean and the beds were comfortable. There were 2 bathrooms which is always a plus! The kitchen was fully loaded so we were able to run by a grocery store the first day and stock up on some food. We also had a balcony and were located close to an exit. It was close enough to the strip that we could walk behind Hooters and end up in the Tropicana parking lot (close to the MGM).Monday through Friday there was free happy hour from 5 pm to 7 pm in the main lobby that included snacks (veggies and dip, meatballs, etc.) and free wine and beer which was a plus. They also provided a continental breakfast which wasn't amazing but it gave enough options that everyone in our group left full. The pool area was nice with enough room that it wasn't too hard to find places to lay out. Neither the hot tub or pool was packed which was nice.Overall this was a nice place to stay close to the strip with very friendly staff. I would recommend staying at the Desert Rose and I would stay again.
5	This review is coming from a guy who stayed at this resort for a month!! - work related. I already know all the pros. Spacious living rooms, full kitchen with utensils (and I mean 5 piece set for every kind - 5 pc shot glasses, 5 pc wine glasses, 5 pc whiskey glasses...you get it), tv in your room AND the living room, nice big comfy bed, a sectional sofa, your own balcony, complimentary breakfast, guest reception cocktail - free beer, drinks snacks from M - Th, 5 - 7 pm etc etc.But I wanted to go through the negative reviews and the two that stuck out were the roach issues, and both were back in 09. I haven't read about any roach issues in recent reviews so I would say they've managed to eradicate that problem, or contained it at least. Look, just google "bed bugs Las Vegas hotels" and you won't find a single hotel, on or off the strip, without a bug report. Ironically, the big hotels have the most complaints. All I am saying is that I've had a pleasant experience here at the desert rose resort. You get a mix of tranquility and  the "sin city" flavor within a few sq miles. At least I did...without any roach encounters :) viva Las Vegas! viva desert rose resort!
3	Great perfect awesome...why the -2 stars?Well let me tell you. . .It began Sunday when I called the Front Desk  to inquire about a late checkout for Monday. The receptionist was really rude and said i needed to call the day-of the requested late check out and ask then. So I packed up sunday just incase they said no, because checkout was at 12. I call Monday morning after just a few hours of sleep.."Good Morning, I was told to call today to ask about Late Check Out"-"What is your name...Oh no we are not accommodating late check outs today."Why the heck not? Ill pay the extra fees and we're all happy.Maybe they have a thing against party kids in Vegas! but we work hard for our money and we want to spend it!!!!! Its beautiful for family type stuff or to chill out and explore, but if you came to party don't stay here as we did for EDC. Maybe the rave goers upset them idk? Where is their PLUR? ;) lol
5	Great place to stay in Vegas. Calm and tranquil. Away from the craziness of Vegas but close enough to get into the Vegas lifestyle in 3 mins....free wifi!!!! Hahahha awesome!
5	This is a great place to stay if you don't want a casino in your hotel. It makes the place much more relaxed. The pool area is small but well maintained and also very relaxing compared to the hotels.The rooms were large enough for me and my two buddies. They got the bedrooms and I slept on the pull out couch, which worked fine for me, no after vacation back aches. We didn't cook but the kitchen was fully stocked. The room also had a small terrace.5 minute walk to Hooters and 10 minutes to MGM. Made it very convenient to get those morning bets in before the afternoon games.The free breakfast is about what you'd expect, which was good enough for us. They had Starbucks coffee, as well.Only negative I can think of was the spotty WiFi. Which I think was only true for the mornings. Later at night we didn't have a problem with it.
3	Very fair 3and star place.AC problems that rattled during night that kept me up.smoke filled carpet and room for a non smoking place.Pool very small compared to other properties in VegasApartment conversion to timeshare that doesn't deserve the Shell brand.
4	We enjoyed staying in this timeshare hotel. It was very family friendly, being that you don't have to smell smoke,liquor, and gambling on your way to check in as in the cases of hotels along the strip. They had a decent continental breakfast so that's a savings. For some mornings, we had our left overs, since they have a full kitchen. Can't say anything bad too about the front desk and hospitality staff. They will even load your dishes in the dishwasher and clean up the kitchen so you're really on vacation even from the chores. We'll definitely use this again for the next times we'll go to Vegas.
4	Very reasonable price. Not a bad location. Pretty clean. Breakfast not very good but what do you expect for free. Nice staff. Liked that there wasn't a smoky casino to get to the room. Didn't like that housekeeping didn't freshen up the room/towels until around 4pm and even then they took away the open soap/shampoo and didn't replace it in one of the bathrooms. Will stay again.
4	Large quiet rooms with full kitchen. Close walking distance to Vegas strip. Friendly staff. Clean accommodations. Buffet style continental breakfast!
4	I felt safe here, the room we stayed in was very nice, and it was close enough to the strip!
4	Recently my partner and I have relocated to Vegas for work. We were placed at the Desert Rose Resort behind the MGM for an extended stay.I just had to give my feedback. It feels like home. The room is clean, quiet and cozy. There is plenty of space and the layout is apartment style. It is far enough away from the chaos of the strip but close enough if you want to feel the action. There is a supermarket a short drive away, so cooking at home is a breeze. I cannot forget to mention the fantastic heated pool and jacuzzi. As well the resort staff is considerate and extremely helpful. Perks: Breakfast served in common area daily-not the best but it works and its free, welcome wine and cheese happy hour 4 nights a week in the lobby that has a cute fireplace with couches, table and chairs; free wifi access, starbucks coffee available all the time; a fair sized pool, quaint bbq area(s), large jacuzzi, child's mini pool, fitness center with showers, computer and printer in the lobby, and Free USA Today newspaper available from the convenience shop. The apartment style large rooms have a balcony, the televisions with HBO, laundry facility in the buildings, complimentary parking and full kitchen with all amenites including a dishwasher.There is very efficient and green housekeeping service. But the best part is the genuinely friendly and helpful front desk staff and conceirge (Lisa was my favorite but she transferred to a different property)!!Cons: Water temprature adjustment in shower takes a minute to get acquainted with. But that's all I can think of!! Isn't that great!?!I don't have children but I can see how it can totally be kid friendly. P.S. Engineering accidently broke my HDMI cable during routine maintenance of a television but was quick to replace with a brand new one without any hassle.
4	We recently stayed at this resort for 6 nights. Loved it!! All the staff was beyond friendly, very clean resort and the price was great for all we gained. Very impressed with the size of the room, comfortable sitting areas, good lighting and having everything we needed in the full kitchen made it wonderful. However the bed was very uncomfortable and I slept on the couch the last couple nights, which was the less of two evils. Also twice the housekeeping staff didn't knock before coming in!! Not good!! We had a little problem with our door, but the Engineering dept came right over and fixed it and were very friendly. The pool, exercise room and hot tub were great. The freebies such as free internet, hot breakfast, parking and the evening reception were great perks!! I would definitely stay here again. Highly recommended.
4	For the money this place can't be beat. I was traveling alone for business but this place would be great for families too. The pool is nice, there are bbq grills, the apartments are truly stocked with everything you need to cook...it is like a home away from home. The staff is friendly and it is just a short walk to the strip. I was thoroughly impressed and really enjoyed my experience here
4	This is a Shell Property (timeshares), Wyndham just bought Shell so I expect there to be some upgrades in the next year or so...I am a Shell owner.  First time at this resort.I've stayed at nicer Shell resorts (Kauai Coast, Vino Bello in Napa) but this was pretty decent.  The property is on the older side than Vino Bello, and the less renovated side than Kauai Coast.  The rooms are nice enough, full kitchen.  Very close to Hooters Casino and Tropicana.  About a 5-10 minute walk to the Strip, depending on what ridiculous heels you are wearing and how drunk you are.This was purely a place to lay our heads down at the end of 2 very long nights.  I would not ever hang out at the pool here, at least until I have kids.  It's still kind of on the small side and boring.  I'd go to a better pool probably, even with my as of now imaginary children.  We went to the Tropicana pool, always one of the most fun pools in town, IMO.  It looks much newer and nicer in the pics online...it's nice, don't get me wrong, just not as sparkly as the pics make it look.  Close enough to the strip and for me as an owner of Shell timeshare points, paid for already, so the price is right for me!  I'd stay here again, I pretty much use rooms in Vegas for getting ready to go out for the night, and passing out at the end of the night, so I don't need a penthouse suite with a stripper pole anyways.
3	This resort is more like a hotel than a full service resort with lots of amenities.  The rooms are nice and the exercise facility as well.  It is a couple long blocks from the Strip but not too bad of a walk.  You do have a full kitchen that you'll most likely never use as the dining options are too plentiful and good on the Strip to eat out for every meal.
5	The Desert Rose Resort was perfect for our group vacation. The staff was outstanding in every way, handling room modifications, delivering shipped business items to our room, providing us a welcome gift and greeting us personally upon our arrival.  We were pleased to encounter such a friendly and helpful staff during our stay, and the facilities were great! Everything was very clean and well maintained, the rooms were spacious and comfortable and the daily breakfast and happy hours were a bonus! We definitely look forward to staying with Team Desert Rose in the near future and we appreciate the staff whom is dedicated to providing great customer service and a wonderful family atmosphere for our group vacation.
4	This was the fourth time I've stayed at the Desert Rose.  It was the first time with my family. The location is a short walking distance to the Las Vegas Strip.  The room was clean, had a kitchenette, living room, and two flat screen televisions. Housekeeping was generally helpful and quick to respond.  Security was always present.The front desk and Concierge were both very helpful.The included breakfast was more than a Continental and had options for every member of my family. Nice pool that was centrally located in the middle of the property.   The Desert Rose is a nice place to stay for a family without being at one of the other larger time-shares. We only paid $80 a night for our 5 night stay in the single room suite.  This was a phenomenal price given the accommodations and location.  I paid approximately $400 for a week-long stay with no yearly maintenance fees from a time share.  We would definitely stay there again.
3	I echo the previous review by Heidi about this Las Vegas property. I am also a Shell owner and this was my first time to the Desert Rose. I agree the photos on the website make it look more high-end than it really is.  While the property and room were clean, the room was a little drab and is in need of updating. The bathroom tub did not drain properly and the bathroom itself is in need of a complete renovation. The location of the resort is convenient, located at the south end of the strip, near to Hooters and the Tropicana and across from MGM Grand. The pool was crowded when we were here in June and we basically only used the room to sleep anyway. Staff were nice and competent, however the concierge on duty was a joke and not helpful at all.
3	We stayed at the Desert Rose for a night, on our way to an extended camping trip to Yosemite. We were looking for a place that had a full kitchen so that we could go to the grocery store to purchase most of the perishable food for our trip, and prepare it. This property fit the bill. Plus the price was right.Overall, it was a decent hotel. However, there were some small issues that keep me from giving it a higher review, and likely would prevent me from staying there if I was looking at a Las Vegas vacation.First, upon moments of arriving in our room, we received a knock on the door from a maintenance employee. He asked if we had called about a broken lamp and a loose handle. When he saw my stunned look, he mentioned that housekeeping must have called so he came in to try to find the repairs. he found the lamp but gave up looking for the handle after trying one. I walked over to a drawer and found the handle right away. While I am glad they fixed these problems, I am puzzled as to why they let us into that room when it still had repairs that they were aware of. Later, we actually discovered another lamp that was broken!Second, the sofa bed (which is the second advertised bed in the one bedroom suite) did not have any sheets on it. Most hotels I have stayed at in the past with a sofa bed have that bed already made. But even this wasn't a big deal...if the sheets were in the room. However, they were not. Which leads me to my third issue...The paperwork we received when we checked in stated that there were enough towels, silverware, etc. in the room for the number of people that were legally able to stay in the room. For ours (a one bedroom suite), this was four people. We had no spoons or forks and two towels. I called to get those sent to the room (as well as the sheets for the sofa bed) and they transferred me to housekeeping (even though that was the number I called on the phone). When I spoke to them, they said all of the stuff would arrive shortly. After 40 minutes, I called back. I was once again transferred. I spoke to a different person and they had no record of my previous order. So, we waited again. About 10 minutes later all of the materials arrived. All was in order except for the bed sheets. They gave me to flat sheets instead of one fitted and one flat. By this time, I was frustrated with the service, so I decided not to call back and correct the error.On a good note, the rooms were clean and the full kitchen was nice. It is in close proximity to the strip.
1	I booked this place the week of the 24-28th of July  (VERY EXCITED WITH WHAT I SAW ONLINE) well I will never, ever, ever stay here again! It was supposed to be wonderful and it turned out horribly before I stepped foot on the property.Had to still stay here because of the events in town alot of sold out hotels or I would have cancelled!  I will put this out to every site I can after my experience. First an employee (resort denies its an employee) stole my credit card info and charged items the same day I sent a pre-autho for my daughter who was going to arrive the day before me. this is under their supposed "investigation team" yet I havent heard back, unless I make the initial contact. We were there 4 days and didnt get housekeepng services 1 day and inadequate service on another. We were here for a basketball tournament so I had to use the laundry services. The laundry room in my building had only one washer workng had to walk load of laundry to another building because the one washer that was working was in use.  I am horribly disappointed in this resort! The identity theft is the scariest part of all since my drivers license was provided as well as my CC so now I will have to watch my credit report due to this issue. Dishonesty shouldnt be tolerated for a minute and i dont think they are working hard enough to resolve and disolve that employee! so look out if you stay here it could happen to you!
5	You literally have to only walk through the reception doors to see while this desert paradise is rated so highly on Tripadvisor. It has a multitude of different features and facilities that render it a very desirable and affordable place to stay while in Vegas (for families and couples alike).Our entire experience here was beyond reproach. We were checked in promptly by the very friendly and approachable hotel staff who thoroughly explained the hotels extensive features and facilities. They were very welcoming and even rang us on the second day to give us a gift of random toiletries and provide us with helpful Vegas information.We stayed six nights and thoroughly enjoyed everything about the resort. The fully stocked kitchen was amazing (it even had a blender, which we utilized for vivacious Vegas cocktails). The bedroom was large and very comfortable. The lounge was the ideal place to chill after a hard night on the town. The room really was without fault and included everything you might need for a comfortable stay. The pool, fitness room, huge guest laundry and on-site BBQ's were great additional features.Arriving on a Thursday we were also lucky enough to indulge in the Welcome Reception that night (which includes soft drinks, beer and wine). It also includes a rotating selection of snacks (in our experience nachos and cheese/crackers). Likewise the breakfast buffet features rotating hot items (any given morning there would be a selection of either bacon, scrambled eggs, breakfast potatoes, sausages and waffles) along with toast, boiled eggs, cereals, juices and Starbucks instant coffee. It was a pretty extensive selection and I enjoyed the different choices that added some spice to my morning meal.Another sweet feature of this hotel is the location. It is literally only a five minute walk from The Strip and such Vegas powerhouses as the MGM Grand, Tropicana and New York, New York. Nonetheless it retains its un-rushed, peaceful and secluded feel.Perhaps most importantly is that at the Desert Rose Resort you are able in indulge in a five star feel for half the price you would pay for any of the nearby monoliths. It's the best bargain in Vegas - a sure win.
5	All I can say is excellent hospitality, large free breakfast in the mornings and located right on the strip!
4	I'll probably never buy a timeshare, but it's cool to reap the benefits of friends who have purchased. Pluses: -- friendly front desk gals-- pool & hot tubs are very spacious. Although, temp for the pool could be a touch warmer. -- rooms that are super cozy & well decorated. I could see being comfy here for a few days -- cheese, crackers, & wine for happy hour...perfect to be eaten poolside-- fireplace & plenty of couches in the lobbyOnly minus, which my friend pointed out, is that the lobby & other common areas are showing wear & tear. Apparently, timeshare holders pay more than enough to keep the place looking pristine, holes in the couch upholstery are appalling. Thank you to my homie for letting us chill.
4	My boyfriend and I stayed with another couple for the weekend in a two-bedroom suite. Overall, I was very happy with the resort. It's only about a 10 minute walk away from the strip, and it is directly behind Hooters (which came in handy at 2 in the morning when we were looking for drunken munchies -- wings, YUM!) The room itself is nice enough, each bedroom had its own bathroom which I was really happy about. Also the living room was really comfortable. We didn't use the kitchen much, but I suppose if we were staying longer it would have been more useful. The building is a little older, and its starting to show. It was very quiet however, and it was appreciated to be off the strip to get some uninterrupted shut-eye. My only complaint would be the continental breakfast is very so-so. Cereal, and pre-made waffles aren't really my idea of a nice breakfast. And not a single piece of fruit!Overall, I would probably come back if we were staying with more than just 2. However for a quick weekend I would probably go back to somewhere on the strip.
2	I wish I had nice things to say, I don't. I am a timeshare owner, not for this place, but I know the drill. Was forced to stay here while my son played in a soccer tournament and not only was the room not stocked it was very small. By very small I mean the bathroom that holds the tub/shower and toilet was exactly 5ftx5ft. If you are at all larger than I am you can't close the door while inside and I am small. And that one bathroom was for four! Ya right. Kitchen wasn't stocked. Housekeeping came at 8am day two, we were still there, they never came back. Requested they come the next day, they did but only to throw a stack of towels on the sink. No vaccuming, no bed making,nada! The free breakfast was a joke, but it's free so I gave them a pass there. Front desk service to check in/out was awful. Hot tub and pool were heated and nice but that was the best part. I hope I never go back
4	Stayed here for 9 days when my boyfriend and I went to Vegas in May. Our room was perfect, and stocked with everything we could possibly need. It was more of an apartment/condo then a hotel room, which was excellent. Our balcony overlooked the center area of the complex, so we didn't have a great view, but it was still nice to sit out there, and relax. Desert Rose is not located on the strip, and is about a five minute walk to the MGM grand. At night, we would often see prostitutes walking up and down the street, and hanging around the Hooter Hotel. Didn't bother me too much though, cuz they didn't bother us. The only complaint I have is that one day when housekeeping came, they threw out some papers we had left on the kitchen counter beside the sink! We still don't know what was thrown out, but we're guessing it was nothing important. I went to the front desk to let them know that the person cleaning our room on that day threw out some of our stuff, and the receptionist apologized for it. Also, a couple of times the toilet and/or shower was not cleaned, which is not a big deal, but when you ask to have your room cleaned, the bathroom should be cleaned, bed should be made, floor vacuumed, etc. We always kept our passports, and any other important things in the safe that is in the room. Overall, I would recommend Desert Rose Resort if you want a large apartment style room that is rather inexpensive, and close to the strip.
5	I know that some people like to stay close to all the slot machines when they stay in Vegas, but I'm not one of them. You can graciously leave all that noise behind when you turn in, and our room came with a full kitchen and separate bedroom, which was a nice amount of space for pre-gaming.But what put them over the top for our trip was that we made a goof on our reservation that had us worried that we had lost the rooms that we had got at a special rate, but they worked with us to fix it beyond what they were required to do, and we had an awesome trip as a result.
1	HORRIBLE Service. Lack of professionalism, hospitality,  and BASIC listening skills. Have requested room cleaning since Thursday and it is now Sunday.  James- "supervisor" doesn't care about making things right.  This place is a JOKE. Motel 6 would probably be a better option.  Unfortunately that isn't a joke - only dealing with this place is. Extremely disappointed. One star is being generous.
5	Great location, huge suites, and super helpful to have the full kitchens!I brought a group of high school kids to Vegas for a tournament. We booked 17 rooms and the Group Sales office was fabulous. Helpful, accommodating, on point.When we checked in they were ready for us and handed me the stack of room keys, labelled and ready to go. Phew! One less thing for me to do!We had very minor dealings with the front desk but I talked to Betty one evening and she was wonderful! Helpful, cheerful, funny. We made good use of the kitchens, cooking dinner two nights while we were there and serving the entire group. Of course, we had a lot of trash. When we called for someone to pick it up, they were there in less than 5 minutes.I got to meet the security guards (when your bus is leaving at 5:30am, you get to meet the security guards) and they were friendly as well. They thought I was an idiot for not knowing how to get through the security gate, but they didn't say it out loud, which was nice.It's a timeshare and they do not do housekeeping (maybe they do if you're staying a full week, they didn't for just a 3 night stay). They let me know this in advance and we were fine with it.My son went in the pool and used the gym. He liked it. The rooms were quiet and very well insulated. This was a great location for kids because it was smaller and away from a lot of the hustle of the Strip. There are 4 separate buildings so even if you have some raucous teenagers in one building, the other buildings would be completely unaware.
3	Been here twice -- first visit years ago seemed to have much better customer service. I checked in early because the room was READY, and they charged me $25 extra. I paid it, but ridiculous! Then, because I was traveling with my infant and other kids, I needed an extra "hour" to get checked out.... And, they told me it would be another $20. Talk about nickel and diming their customers. We rushed out of there, but I let the kids swim first (so i could nurse my baby, since i couldn't in the room) and noticed that 1.5 hrs later... Cleaners had not been to the room yet (yep, I kept an eye on it!)Why do they need to charge for early check in, or late check out!?!? It isn't costing them anything extra!!!Dishwasher beeped on and off, annoyingly so, during our stay. Traffic is quite noisy... You hear everything!Beautiful accommodations just off the strip, at a reasonable price... Until you make the smallest of requests -- then the CHA CHING price tags begin! :( Leaves a sour taste in my mouth at the end of our trip.
2	We are shell vacation owners. We have visited the desert rose about 4 times now. #1 we always get the room with the vie of the laundry. Even though we make reservations 7 months in advance!! No matter the time of year! However we do notice that the "paying" people get the rooms by the pool or overlooking the pool. At best better than a Shell/Wyndham owner. We were a sure in an owner update meeting that if we purchased the newest elite package we would get better service!! Really? Wow. We told them as soon as we got better customer service FIRST. We would maybe consider it!!!NOT!! Plus I have to say you can stay at this resort for about $86 a night. Way way cheaper than our maintenance fees!!! And if you are a paying customer you get a much better room too.  BTW. Place is getting pretty run down. :(
4	The hotel is just off the strip and a few minutes away from the International Macarran Airport.The two bedroom suites come fully stocked. The kitchen comes with everything: plates, utensils, pots, pans and even dishwasher detergent. We booked through Expedia at a rate of $1088 for 4 nights. The closets include 2 extra pillows and sheets. The two bedroom suites can comfortable fit 7 adults. The master room has a king/queen sized bed. The second bedroom has a queen/full size. The L-shaped couch is a pull out sofa.I was surprised with their fitness center. There are no free weights however there are two multi-purpose machines (think Bowflex) along with 2-3 cardio machines and a dip/pull-up power tower station.
3	I kinda refuse to stay off the strip when I'm in vegas but we stayed here during the Edc because the rates on the strip were ridiculous. We thought this would be a good compromise because it wasn't too far off the strip and we had got a one bedroom suite which was perfect because I can stay in the living with some privacy. It wasn't the fanciest or most modern but it did the trick because all we did was eat sleep race repeat all weekend. I would say more than half the hotel were fellow Edc-ers so it was good that we were surrounded by like minded people. I can't say too much about the level of service because we didn't interact with any of staff except upon check in. It's open parking but we never had an issue finding a place close to the room.  It's no wynn but no Days Inn either. I assume it's more of a family type of place. Except during Edc weekend of course.
5	Very nice. I love this place. It's better than any hotel! It's got security & respectable staff. I feel very safe & secure should my husband leave me here alone. It's smack in the middle of everything so I can have tons to do. The room I have is super huge super comfy.  And yey I get free wifi shhhhh I don't know if it's free I just know I'm getting it free. (Giggles)
4	Great affordable suite hotel. we went to Vegas almost 2 years ago (in November 2012). My parents, hubby, two kids and I went, so I was looking online to reserve a room that had at least two seperate rooms. I got a suite with two rooms, two restrooms, a sofa bed and  kitchen all for about $300. It was great, the place was clean, it wasnt far from the strip and they served free breakfast in the morning. :-) pretty good.
1	I am a Shell Owner. I have been to the hotel in the past and things were great. I checked into the dirty hotel 7/31/14 and spent 4 days in hell. Avoid this place at all cost! I went to a timeshare owner meeting and they tried to sell me another package for $12,000. I was told that the place is run down because the place is used by 30% owners and 70% renters. Do the math. No excuse. Place a Motel 6 sign on the door and call it a night. Second thought, Motel 6 is cleaner and they have better customer service. If you see Wyndham/Shell on a building. RUN!!!!
4	I loved this place! Very close to MGM. The hotel is a time share resort, family oriented, clean, small pool and jacuzzi. Our room was a suite- kitchen with dishes, dining table for four, living room, balcony, the bedroom was very nice and comfortable, the bathroom had a great tub. We had a view of the pool. We stayed for two nights.
3	Overall we had a good stay.  Not very modern, off the strip enough for some quietness.  Could walk to most of south end of strip but far from north end.  No restaurant, housekeeping extra.  Nice to have full kitchen.  Price was decent for busy weekend in vegas when top hotels were so pricey
1	this was the worst visit we have every had here. We are owners and I am no proud to say that about this place. Our couch in the room had a BIG stain right in the middle of it, the room was old and wore out carpet bad and kind of dirty room. the bathroom door missed hitting the toilet by about 1/8th of an inch very cramped. The elevator was dirty and smelly. the light in the hallway was held on by one screw, carpet was dirty and tore in some places. the lady in front of us at the desk was mad because her room smelled so bad she cold not sleep she was asking for air spray and they said they could not give it to her but they would send some up to spray AGAIN...which I guess did not work either time. They no longer offer the breakfast and happy hour any more...we were told as owners if we sit and listen to the boring sales pitch again we could have some eggs sausage and coffee... which is sad and not worth our time. This place has gone so far down hill and it looks like it will go even more in the hole every since shell sold out and the new company took over....if you just needed a bed which by the way was so shall we call it soft....wore out that you sunk so far in it was hard to sleep. This place is just a room with nothing else to really offer anymore...
3	2 to 2.5 stars. I'll be generous and call it 3, because the staff is nice. Thankfully, most Vegas staff IS nice, but still -- a little kindness and courtesy goes a long with me. I bet most of the reviews above 2 or 3 stars are due the staff's friendliness.The first thing you should know is that this NOT a true resort. Not unless you're on strong drugs and can hallucinate as such. I've been to more resort like properties in middle of nowhere Ohio and Wisconsin, nevermind Vegas.Family oriented. Mostly decent, clean clients overall (higher prices automatically sort out much riff raff), but our particular room was badly in need of renovations.  The hotel lobby is quite nice, but the room itself was rough looking with random chips and dings and all kinds of bad details everywhere. The style is like a throwback to the tacky version of the 60s (and not the funky psychedelic part, unfortunately, hahaha). Some of the pieces, like one of the dressers, were very cool. But overall, it's more like a cheap old place in Scotland, or a slightly better maintained version of $40 hotel in the less than good part of town. That kind of style. In fact, when checking in to the room, I immediately went back to the front desk and asked if they had a renovated room available. They said all other rooms are the same. They aren't renovating until 2015 (even though they are sure charging as if they have renovated already!) This type of poorly maintained room always has me worried I may be charged for damages previous residents caused. This should be your concern, too, because it can and does happen sometimes. Tip: Make sure you document move in damages in such hovels with your camera phone.The walk to the Mandalay Bay Convention Center (which is where I needed to go for work daily) was much longer than I anticipated, and there was no shuttle to this hotel. I could've stayed a bit further away and it would've been more convenient. So not a good choice on my part. I probably wouldn't stay here again until it is renovated. For around $180 a night before tax, it really was FAR too much on the gross side. For that type of money, you can stay in near luxury in Vegas, so why bother? Seriously.A few more points:-- Carpet was overall very dirty. Not just dark spots and cigarette burn marks (even though I had a nonsmoking room!), but deeply filthy. Walking on bare feet will yield black feet in short order. Very unusual, as most hotels clean their carpet regularly. This hotel should do so, too. Feet are very porous, so who knows what kinds of vile and evil you're getting transdermally should you forget to wear socks.-- How is this a resort? It has a pool, sure. But most hotels have a pool. Many much nicer than this. This is just a hotel with a pool and jacuzzi, period, which all hotels in the area have. A bit of false advertising that they should discontinue immediately.-- Layout of the rooms is practical, with easy parking and quick enough access to rooms. Hotel will likely be lovely after a significant remodel is done. They also need to stay up on maintenance and repairs.-- There's a nearly new looking stove WITH oven, which is cool, but there's no oven pans. Come on, guys. The rest of the kitchen is well stocked, however. Thank you.-- There's central air conditioning, but it doesn't seem to have a humidifier like some of the fancier hotels have. Beware, because the air gets immensely dry when you combine moisture sucking AC with Vegas' already dry air. Make sure you get a lot of electrolyte containing drinks. Magnesium, potassium, and even sodium help to keep you hydrated.-- There doesn't seem to be any active air exchange, just air recycling, so your oxygen levels go down and CO2 with time. This means you do need to open the windows from time to time for fresh air if you have a lot of people breathing it all up.The problem with that is that there are no window screens or screen for the balcony. Yet there are bugs in Vegas. Humans haven't killed them all yet! I saw crickets and even a scorpion. Don't want that bugger crawling in. Not to mention the random crackhead (although, thankfully, there seem to be few in this particular area). Please install screens, Mr. or Mrs. Desert Rose.-- They have a blender! One of the nicest touches I've seen in a hotel.-- They do have a large size trashcan like you'd find at hme in the kitchen, which I commend them for. Too many extended stay type hotels with kitchens and kitchenettes still only have teensy tiny trash cans, which can be annoying. Thoughtful touch here.-- A shuttle would be VERY nice to add.Overall, I regretted staying here, despite seeing a better future for the place. Thumbs down until after their 2015 renovation. At least the hotel has potential. It's not far from attractions, and the layouts make good use of space. It's just kind of gross, and has a few design flaws that could be fixed. A good renovation will do wonders.
3	We did a timeshare exchange.  Comp parking with free wifi and free USA Today paper.Pros - very quiet. Nonsmoking units.  Close proximity to the airport.  Even though the Desert Rose offered free wifi, it was easier to get a hotspot off of Hooters Hotel Casino located next door.  We lucked out and was assigned a corner suite.  Our view was of the resort parking lot and the back side of the Tropicana.Cons - the parking permit is issued at the concierge desk.  A gimmick. It's the only opportunity for the concierge to hook you for a sales presentation.  We declined.  Just give us our parking permit.
5	I love this hotel so much! Comfortable, clean, quiet, and just a short walk from the strip. You can't beat the spacious suites with full kitchens and a comfy sofa!
1	So it started off with the heavy attitudes if these workers the moment we walked in, they did NOT look like they wanted to work , like quit your darn job if you don't want to work! with that being said, the room we stayed in on the second floor, the people upstairs kept on banging on the floor and the hotel is so cheap, gross, and old you can hear everything it was the most disturbing thing ever being awakened everyday for the three nights at 6 am. When we called the front office all they said was okay well talk to them no worries. Instead of moving us or least moving them. They didn't give a crap because they don't care about customers majority of the employees did not want to work there they looked tiered of their jobs and their lives. This hotel needs to be bulldozed and be re created, it is old and nasty looking. It looks like a 70s shack inside each room. Such an ugly low class looking place. This place sucks poor customer service and ugly decor. I would never in my life come back here or ever recommend anyone to come here. In fact i will dis encourage all my friends and family to stay away from this gross place.
