4	Hello lovely neighbourhood spot. On my most recent visit to Montreal I had the good fortune to visit Voro on two occasions. Between sips of prosecco and roses, I dined in the company of good people and delicious morsels of food. Delicious and memorable mentions: pickled beet salad, gravlax and stuffed eggplant with onion confit. Better luck next time: potato latkes. I'm pretty sure my homemade latkes and can take yours in a schoolyard fight. What I love most about Voro is the real neighbourhood feel. Staff mingling with patrons, chatting like old friends. That's the kind of place I like to call home.
5	Excellent restaurant. Great food, excellent cocktail list (Vesper Martini is a must) and a fun and inviting ambience.
2	Oh corner of Jeanne-Mance and Fairmount, you've housed many restaurants! The latest is Voro, and so far, it's had a much better run than its precursors.The space is modern with some rustic touches. Actually it reflects the food, surnamed "rustic Mediterranean" by the chef - it's essentially a modern take on traditional ideas and dishes from all countries that border the Mediterranean (plus a few token American recipes thrown into the mix). The menu is impressively inexpensive, especially for a place that's been a major source of Mile-End buzz.We started with a bottle of wine; it was both good and very decently priced. The homemade foccacia followed. Verdict? Fresh, spongy and delicious, especially with the accompanying olive oil.We ordered three dishes. First came the salted cod and tomatoes with olives, capers and fresh dill ($7) and the grilled calamari stuffed with Phoenician rice, chorizo, and olives with a yoghurt sauce on the side ($8). Meh. Times two. I realize that "salted cod" is the big dry fish in Portuguese grocery stores that's so salted that it doesn't even need to be refrigerated, but I also know that to become edible, it must be soaked in water for hours and hours. In any case, the fish was slightly tough and seriously "salted". I've never made it myself, but maybe it wasn't soaked for long enough? The fish was just ok but the tomato sauce was good.Next I had the calamari. It was ok, but nothing special. And actually, the fact that it was stuffed with rice was awkward. Why not just lay a nice piece of grilled calamari on some nice rice? That's what I ended up doing - de-stuffing my stuffed calamari - and I enjoyed it a lot more. In the end, it was good.We also had the grilled cheese with Camembert and BBQ sauce on the side ($5). When you think of grilled cheese, what comes to mind? A decadent ooey-gooey cheesy sandwich that's too good to be left in your childhood memories. However, this grilled cheese was made with the homemade foccacia, which, while delicious, is much too thick for sandwich making purposes. Inside? A half-melted piece of Camembert with a slather of Dijon mustard. Sad face.Finally, we ordered the chocolate mousse. Whoa boy, it was watery and excessively sweet. The chocolate mousse was not ok. Un point, c'est tout.In all, the space wows and the atmosphere is great, but the food just doesn't live up to the rest of the package. Or, maybe it was the dishes I chose? Don't know. But, despite the slightly amateur-ish cooking, the place is very affordable, fun, and has an upbeat atmosphere. Instead of dinner, I would suggest a cocktail or glass of wine with a nice cheese plate to nibble on. And here's something to remember - the lighting is perfect for a date. Slightly dimmed, it creates a warm effect and makes everyone ridiculously good-looking.Food 6.5/10, Atmosphere 9/10, Pretty people 8.5/10, Music (funmixofoldandnew) 8.5/10, Service 7/10.Pictures: http://belledenuitmontreal.com/posts/voro/
4	GREAT little spot. After breaking the bank at several other locales across the city this one was a hit! A good friend of mine suggested after I put forth my suggestions (cheap, good, nearby) she came back with 3 options. This one seemed the best and a reso was made. Our gang of 5 was busily sipping wine at a friends place nearby and so we decided to call and push the reso by 30min. Considering how busy places get on a friday night I was surprised it was not a problem. When we arrived, we were pleasantly greeted and showed to our table. I liked that Voro also has a communal table although it is a bit wide...2 people sitting across from each other would have a hard time having a convo given the distance, other people and music. We had 2 bottles of wine, an appi and entree each...all delicious (stuff calamari and chicken tagine were both delicious!) and at the end of the night the bill was about $40 each! WHOA!! About half the price than what we paid at Le Bremner although we were much less boozy. They did have a really great looking cocktail list but given my imminent 5am wake up call for a flight back out west and knowing full well we were going to be dipping into the mezcal later anyway, we didn't really see the point in excessive boozy mixing. Ah maturity!!! Sometimes you are wise. Would definitely recommend this spot.
5	I was visiting my sister for the weekend when we came across this sophisticated restaurant in Montreal's Mile End. The food was very high quality for the price. We were served a large portion of soft herbed focaccia bread accompanied by olive oil and balsamic vinegar. We each ordered salads for main course: she had the goat cheese, beet, spinach, shallot and walnut salad and I went for one with tilapia, green beans, chickpeas, new potatoes, walnuts and watercress. Our waiter was friendly and attentive. Since we're both students we chose the cheapest white wine and he didn't react with any snobbishness or disdain. The food came quickly and was very filling.I would recommend this place to anyone looking for an affordable yet elegant meal.
4	Since Lawrence was closed for holiday, we found Voro by chance for brunch.  We sat at the bar, and had excellent service from the bartender.  My vegetarian frittata was delicious and packed with lots of veggies. I ordered a side of chorizo and it was good, not the ground type that I expected like I find in NY Mexican restaurants. No drip coffee here. Their cappuccino was good, and espresso better.Free wifi. Their bloody Mary with clam juice was delicious. I forget the name of it. Check it out.
2	Let me preface this review with something good.  The food was spectacular.  Breads were done in house, flavors were paired well, and the plates were wonderful and felt as sharp and artistic as the restaurant itself.  ...Now for how this place lost 3 stars even with some of the better brunch I've experienced in the greater Montreal Metro.  How good is good food, though, when the service is abysmal?  This is not a philosophical experiment on human nature, state of nature, etc.  This was common sense (lack there of it), misapplied.   Honestly, after waiting 20 minutes at the door without even eye contact (no problem had the place been busy) but then the only apology we receive is from a staff member who wasn't working that day.  He was there to enjoy lunch himself. A big thank you to him too, for suggesting some truly wonderful meal ideas.  He knew the menu well.  Now why on Earth am I so thankful to someone who was off today and not my waitress?  It felt like my waitress had zero concern that customers were even about.  And then to find out the owner was in house and could care not?  Enough said.  Perhaps it was an off day, perhaps, we came at a time where they were inconvenienced, but with a smile here, or a simple "sorry about this" there, and all that weight on our consuming shoulders (and wallets) would have been alleviated.  Food was good enough to want a return, but maybe the experience of this charmer is better kept as the home game.  Ill take it to go please...
5	Awesome place!!!! Great ambiance, amazing food, good service. They let us stay a long while to study and no one bothered us!!! I highly recommend it for a sunday afternoon lunch.
4	Hello Voro. Cool mood lighting. Way to set the tone. But it was unmatched by the shrieking French man who felt the need to clap, sing at max volume and bang on the table. Who knew we were also getting entertainment! It was not a flash mob. Even the servers didn't know what to do! So I continued eating my kale and lentil salad. I know, girl choice! I just care about health like that. It was delicious, a bit spicy. My partner had the pulled short rib burger. Verdict: "Can you say it was OK but not incredible and they are also using the words 'patatas bravas' WRONG." Basically - we were wronged. But here's to hoping another visit, sans loud Frenchie, will do us right.
