4	This place was recommended to me by a co-worker.  I went in today and was able to get all 4 tires (80,000 mile warranty) plus free tire lifetime rotations every 6,000 miles and a $20 discount on each tire ( I asked if he could help me out since I got 4 instead of 2) Very friendly efficient service - as I was in and out in 20 min. As they explained it, puncture a tire within 80,000 miles then get a free one replaced no questions asked. The customer next to me smiled and said "I can vouch for that!" It's certainly nice having peace of mine - at not too shabby of a price!
5	It is very uncommon for me to blown away by someone doing what they say they will do but doing it faster, better, and cheaper than first quoted.This place is awesome, the staff is excellent, I scheduled an appointment, arrived 10 minutes early and I was gone in 40 minutes.  As far as car maintenance goes that's a friggin' land-speed record.  I cannot remember the guy who specifically helped me out but from what I recall everyone was friendly.There was an odd fellow in the waiting room who kept ranting to me about how good the tire pressure gauges were and how he couldn't believe they were only $2 and that I'd be a moron if I didn't pick one up.. I didn't pick one up, I just kept playing Angry Birds until my tire was changed.
4	Driving home last week, one of my tires decided that it wasn't happy with being round anymore and it wanted to spend more time playing golf. A flat. I managed to get the donut on and got to Discount Tire the next morning.The staff were quite friendly and very knowledgeable. No problems at all with the explanation of how much it would cost and how long it would take. I walked down to the nearby shopping plaza for lunch and when I returned, they were just pulling my car out of the garage.The only reason I couldn't give it that magic fifth star was that I realized later that they never offered me any choice in the replacement tire. I might have wanted something just a little less expensive. On the plus side, he did offer me their road hazard coverage not just on the tire I purchased, but also on the other three that were still okay on the car. And he gave me a slight discount when I twitched at the $162 bill.
5	I was so impressed by how professional and friendly these guys were.  They were great with my husband but I was worried being a woman that they would try to take advantage and make me buy things I don't need.   They were quick, charged me very fairly, and were perfect gentlemen :)
5	Quick,friendly and knowledgable staff .
5	These guys are all awesome!! I have bad luck with nails so i visit here often. They never make me feel like some dumb chick because I don't know anything about cars, and everything I've ever had done here was free. They don't try to convince me that something's wrong with my car/tires, they just get the job done & quickly!
5	I had a flat tire before work so I put the spare on and saw the huge screw in my tire. I took it into Discount Tire to see if they could hopefully patch it and if not sell me a replacement. Not only were they able to patch it and remount the tire, but they did it for free despite not having bought the tires from there in the first place. I was in and out within 20 minutes. Best experience I've ever had at the tire shop and some of the nicest guys I've ever met.
5	I bought a car after my last one caught fire over a year ago (Yep. That happened. In a grocery store parking lot. I wasn't in it. Whew... lol)...  Anyway, the only thing that has been bothering me about this new ride is the tires... Luckily this place isn't far from my place...Apparently I ended up with two nails in one tire and one in another...  Not to worry, though! They repair tires and fill them up with air with no appointment... For free... And it doesn't take a thousand years, either... Mike, Seneca and Adrian are fabulous... I've run into them a lot more than the other guys and they are a dream... The other issue I've had?  A tire blowout... It was awesome! On the highway at 5:30 in the morning, alone, with no cell phone... Luckily, I was near my office and no one was hurt... YES!  After I had my fantastic tow guy (His name's Corey with 24-Hour Towing... He is also the best... Call him anytime and he's there...) drop me off with my vehicle, they found that my tires had wheel locks on them... Know what they are?  I didn't! lol These special kind of lug nuts that require a key to get them off... Did the place I bought my car from give me the key? Or tell me they were on there?  Nope!  So they ended up having to strip the lug nuts, so they could put the new tire on for me... They gave me places to go to buy a new wheel key for my old tires and gave me a really decent price on a tire... And it STILL took less than 2 hours! I've waited longer for an oil change... Fabulous...My favorite thing about this place, though?  They tell you what you need... NOT what they want you to buy, what you actually need... They don't go for the hard upsell, they don't try to slide things by you and as a lady that often takes my car in for service, I definitely appreciate that...
5	Best place to get tires in Charlotte!!Quick and professional everytime and I have been coming here for over 5 years at least.They will also meet others prices if lower!
4	So the time is has come for $1 truck to need new tires.  So you are probably thinking i was more excited than a teenager watching scrambled channels.  Well you were wrong. Fortunately though this place roxxors my soxxors.  I pulled up figuring I would have to say no to a million questions and just want to blurt out give me the damn tires that i came in here for. In this case I was wrong. Derreck has very good customer service skills and made everything quick and easy.  I found the tires I wanted at the lowest price I could find on the net and I was in and out with 40 minutes.  Also, they took my best tire off and even put it on my spare.  The next time I need tires I definitely will come back.  Great service, quick, affordable, and i believe there is even a warranty.
4	Went in because I had a nail...nay, a screw, in my tire and I needed to patch the sucker up. Further realized, I needed new tires. They have a friendly group of dudes working there and had fun making jabs at my G6...jealousy? I think so. Took care of the problem and got four new tires for an even $700 --- best deal? I don't think so, but I wanted to safely drive away so I went with it. Enjoyable experience overall though.
