4	Great buffet, with a hibachi grill, dessert, seafood, sushi, and a variety of traditional and not so traditional Chinese buffet fare.  Everything looked fresh and everything I ate was very good.  Sushi included tuna, white tuna, salmon, shrimp, and crab nigiri, plus six different kinds of rolls. On the bar they had peel and eat shrimp, craw fish, crab legs, coconut shrimp, fish, and crab stuffed mushrooms. Black pepper chicken was fantastic, and so was the pineapple pork. For $10, I am impressed. I went at 6:30 on a Thursday and the place was about half full. There is a $2 off coupon on their website also.Yelp Mobile has updated the address correctly.
1	Stay away!!!  Yes it is inexpensive, but you get what you pay for.   READ ON!!!!!This is a hard review to write.  I gave them a one, yes a one because the at peak lunch time, the sushi bar was empty for the hour we were there.  The sushi chef made no effort to replenish it.  In fact, when he did make a roll, he did it slow and only one at a time.  I stood there for ten minutes while he looked at me.  He made a roll and the four people waiting each got one piece of it!!!!  I asked for my favorite, Unagi (eel) and he looked at me like I was crazy.  I think it is a requirement for the sushi chef as well as the servers to be rude.  Everyone at the table laughed at the nasty attitudes.On top of the above, the server, did not bring our drinks out until we asked for a third time, then she never refilled them.  We were half way through the meal and she brought the bill.  WTF?
3	Okay, I have moved this up to a 3.  Maybe a 3.5.  I have eaten there twice since the first review, therefore this review is actually two in one :-)Lin's Buffet has redesigned their entire restaurant.  I like the layout.   The bar was clean and freshly stocked with food.They now have a hibachi bar that looked good, I did not have any.Now for my review of the sushi bar.  The sushi looks fresh and is good for a Chinese buffet.  The chef does not speak English, so ordering special rolls was difficult.  I did manage to get an Unagi roll, Tiger roll and a Dragon roll out of him.  They were a solid 3!   Good eating!  Keep in mind I am not a sushi snob, I am from the sushi school of thought - either sushi is excellent or it just sucks.  Hard to call in between, mediocre sushi!!!  This would be it I suppose.  Just so you know the sushi chef did a good job keeping up with demand and did not fall behind.So for under 20 bucks, two adults can eat and have a drink for lunch time, not bad at all...........
4	I have eaten here at least 8 times so far and I must say it is a pretty good buffet.  The Sushi is quite varied and probably in the upper tier I have experienced as far as sushi at a buffet.  The Habachi - or as we call it in Michigan - Mongolian - portion is a nice start, with a good selection of raw meats and veggies - it could be great if they would actually add a "sauce bar" for you to add your own sauce and spices....frequently the dish after it is cooked looks like no sauce was even used.  I mentioned this to management and hopefully they will take it to the next level.  Overall the rest of the buffet is good and affordable - my measure is usually how much soft drinks are....in this case I believe they are $1.55 w/refills.
1	I remember when this place first opened near Northlake Mall. I remembered that the food wasn't that bad, but it wasn't amazing, so yesterday my boyfriend and I decided to give this place a try. Horrible.We filled our plates from the buffet and ate one bite of each different item. For me, the chicken pieces for the sweet & sour chicken were very tough - I couldn't even completely bite a piece of it off. The vegetable fried rice was hard and crunchy. My boyfriend tried the sesame chicken. There were no sesame seeds on the food, and it was a red color. Anyone who has had sesame chicken knows that this is wrong; it should be brown. He couldn't even finish his bite because it was so bad. We decided that we just couldn't eat here and went to the front counter to tell the lady there why we were unhappy with the food. We were polite about it and told her that the food wasn't good and we wanted to leave. She even remarked that we had just entered the place no more than five minutes earlier. She became very short with us and said she would only charge us for the soft drinks which we believed was very fair (considering we needed to drink that soda to get the nasty food's taste out of our mouths). As soon as my card cleared and I started to sign the receipt, she became incredibly rude. "We are celebrating our 5th anniversary! Look!" as she points to a sign. She then picks up all the paid tabs for the day  and says "Look how many people come here! No one complains about our food, so I don't know what your problem is!" All in front of other people who were waiting to be seated. I just signed my ticket so I could get out of there, but really.. this place is terrible. There are better Chinese restaurants that are not that far away such as Golden Taipei at Davis Lakes on Harris Blvd or if you really want a buffet that's offered every day, the Lotus buffet in the University Area. Don't go here unless you enjoy eating garbage.
4	The buffet isn't huge, but I like their offerings -- especially the stuffed mushrooms. The food is refreshed often and not all dried out like other places I have frequented. They have hibachi and sushi stations as well that I have not had a chance to try. I will return.
1	What the hell was I thinking?  It has been over a year since I have been..... My review stands, move on.   Terrible service, terrible food......  I am sad to say the least, there was so much potential, great location!!!  There is no buffet style anything anywhere close.   So bummed, I actually only went to the Sushi bar once, and it was a disaster.
1	Why did I go here?I had a little voice telling me "Your going to be sorry" I knew better who is Lin? and where did she learn to cook? Or did she... GREAT location Poor food  I mean POOR I see there is alot of reviews does that not tell you something? This is another one of those " Gordon" help these people moments.. I do not think even he could help this place TERRIBLE. Lin has left the house.. and so has the food
4	I don't know where these bad reviews are coming from, but my husband and I had a much better experience than what I've seen posted here. We've had our fair share of Chinese (and not just the standard stuff, but seriously authentic from the time we spent in Hawai'i, too). Anyway, the General Tso and hot and sour soup are genuinely HOT and spicy. HUGE PLUS. Egg rolls were very fresh, and there were unique offerings like spicy zucchini and a Korean  pork dish, too. They also have a great hibachi bar, and lots of fresh fruit and ice cream for the end. Just try it, you won't be sorry.
3	Normal Chinese Buffet. People's complaints about the freshness of food during hours between meals is an erroneous and obvious remark. It's a buffet! That's as smart as complaining about the lack of ambiance while shopping at Sam's Club. If you choose to eat here, understand that buffets are not either, real seafood, fresh seafood, or presented in a fancy way. Oh yeah, and people bring their kids, there may be sticky shit on your table, if this is a problem, spend more than 8 bucks on a feast you Food critic wanna be.
2	As with all Chinese lunch buffets, I aimed to hit it at the height of the lunch rush.  I do that for obvious reasons.  The more people eating, the faster buffet food turns over and the fresher the food is on your plate.  I should have known this was not going to be good when I walked in at 12:30 on a Friday and only saw about 10 people scattered throughout the restaurant.   I sat down with the intentions of hitting the buffet up for some of my favorite dishes, General's Chicken, Sesame Chicken, Crab Rangoon, Egg Rolls, Sticky Steamed Rice amongst a few.  I was severely disappointed upon returning to the table and taking my first bite.  Everything was cold.  I mean the kind of cold that makes you think your are eating leftovers from the fridge.  The rice wasn't cooked thoroughly and had that crunchy around the edges taste.  The cream cheese filling in the Crab Rangoon was not only cold, the whole Rangoon seemed to be a warmed over two day old version.I'm a cook, and while I'm not trying to be overly critical, I know when something is two days old and reheated.  That's how most of the buffet tasted to me.  I would probably skip this one.  It may be different for dinner, but based on the location, I highly doubt it.
3	Selection and taste for the money make stopping at Lin's a decent lunch option.  In and out quickly and a pretty typical array of tasty treats are all on the "pro" side of Lin's ledger.  My wife said the ladies room was clean and well maintained.  The biggest "con" is that the place looks and feels tired.  Most of the seats in the booths were torn, the carpet is old and worn out, and all the tables and chairs are old and loose or wobbly.The best thing we had was the sushi, fresh, well prepared, tender and a very nice variety to choose from.  The dumplings were homemade and all of the usual suspects among Chinese buffet's seemed to be at least average or above.  Though I didn't try it, the Mongolian barbecue station seemed very popular, fresh and well run.If I was in the area and needed a quick Chinese lunch, I would go there again.  Would I make a special trip to have a nice dinner there? Sorry Lin, no way.
1	A few years back, I used to come to this buffet fairly often but I started going elsewhere after a while. I went back yesterday and was truly disappointed. The sushi was dry, as if it had been sitting out for several hours, the quality of the other food was iffy and there was dirt pretty much everywhere. Honestly, you are better off going to Fuse Buffet in university area or Ru San's if you want to make the trip to Dilworth. Even Bento's Japanese buffet in university area is better than Lin's. Lin's Buffet needs to step its game up if it wants to keep up with its competition.
