5	I work for a transportation company, and Justin from Wright A/V has installed various sound systems, lighting systems, and TVs in our limousines and party buses. He also installed our camera security system, and after seeing the excellent results at work, I didn't hesitate in asking him to install a surround sound system at my house. I couldn't be happier with the results! Now, my house is the go-to for movie/wine nights, and all my friends love it! His prices are amazing, too! I got quality work for a low price. Trust me, you can't go wrong with Justin at Wright A/V!
5	Justin recently installed a digital store front display in my office. The product was purchased through an out-of-state company and Justin was hired to do the install. Although the company provided him very few details about the system in advance he did an incredible job. In fact the company representative took photos of Justin's work to show their in-house installers how the system should look and how to improve their install jobs. Its always hard to find good people who do quality work but Justin is without a doubt one of those people. He will be the go-to guy for all of my future A/V needs and will be the only person I recommend to friends, family, or business associates who need those services.
5	I found Justin on Craigslist when I was looking for someone to install some wall and ceiling speakers for my living room.  Justin gave me a quick and reasonable estimate, showed up on time to do the work and cleaned up afterwards.  I liked his work so much I had him install speakers in my family room as well.  Overall, a great guy who has reasonable prices and knows his stuff.
5	Very pleased with Justin's work. Professional, clean and fast install of my surround sound system as well as mounting additional TV in My master Bed Room. I will defiantly use him again.  Thanks againCraig
5	I'm loving my new surround sound in the great room, outdoor speakers and television by the pool.  Justin of Wright A/V installed five speakers and a sub-woofer for me in my great room and configured them with the receiver.  He also ran wire and installed four more speakers outside along with a television mounted on the wall.  I can listen to music or the television both inside and out, or have a combination of music in one area and the tv in another.  All the speakers look great with a very clean install in the ceilings, walls and outside stucco.  Justin is very professional and does great work.  His quotes are accurate, keeps exactly to the schedule and shows up on time.  Thanks,Greg
5	Paul A.   6/19/2014Recently had Justin diagnose a few problems with home theater system and second audio system. Very professional and reasonable pricing. Made repairs, showed up when scheduled, and worked around my schedule. Highly recommend, would use again.
5	Can't recommend Justin highly enough!  Great work at a very reasonable price.
5	I called Wright A/V and spoke with Justin on Thursday, and he set me up for an appointment for Saturday 9:00 per my request.  His prices are amazing! (like a third or less than Best Buy).  He is super friendly, very knowledgeable, goes the extra mile, and his work speaks for itself. From now on, I will only use Justin, for all of my A/V needs.
5	Justin installed a full motion wall mount for my tv. His job was pretty clean and nice. He also put up a shelf above my TV and and it blended in really nice. Overall I'm very happy with his work and I would recommend him.
5	Justin has helped make our home look amazingly better but installing our HiFi electronic system. Watching TV, playing video games, and sitting on the couch with popcorn and my son has never been more enjoyable because of Wright AV.  I have recommended Justin and his professional crew many times now and he's never let me down.  Keep up the great work
5	We had to have all of the electronics in our home disconnected due to a remodel. Due to this, we called Wright AV to come out and reconnect everything back up for us. They came out for a fair price and did excellent work. I highly recommend this company. Their pricing was not only fair but they were clean and made everything look better than it did before. Thank you Wright AV and thank you Yelp!  Don't call anyone else- call these guys!!!!
5	My son recommended Justin and Wright AV to me. We had moved into our house three years ago but could never get our sound system working optimally. True, it was not a high end system but we weren't interested in an upgrade at this point in time. I had three different companies look at it and none of them really had it working well. Generally they were trying to sell me an entirely new system costing thousands of dollars that I wasn't interested in spending. Justin came over within 24 hours of my calling and in short order had my system working beautifully!! In addition to being very reasonable he explained the operation of each aspect of the system. I very highly recommend the work of this ultra professional young man!  Charlie B.
