5	When I heard about this place, I was super excited because there's a void for a dessert place in NoDa. It's a great location and a very cute establishment. Really nice ownership. I went to the preview tasting and immediately thought "Oh man, this is trouble" UNTIL I learned that it's actually low in fat AND calories and gluten free. Definitely the most tasty, healthy dessert I've ever had. Make sure you check it out. You won't be disappointed.
5	A couple of coworkers and I visited Tasty Yo on friday (Oct.16th) in search of dessert after eating at Cabo Fish Taco.  Across the street, we noticed the blue flourescent sign for Tasty Yo and headed in.  Tasty Yo specializes in tart frozen yogurt, meaning it is NOT sweet like "typical" frozen yogurt. This is the kind of yogurt that Pinkberry is famous for.Tasty Yo yogurt comes in three sizes: small, medium and large. And for each size, you get the choice of three of different toppings. I found that to be very reasonable since the small costs $3 and you can get a choice of fresh fruit (available courtesy of local farmer's markets!), various cereals (cap'n crunch, cocoa pebbles, etc), chocolate chips and so on. Also, you have the choice of "drizzles," such as chocolate, caramel, and other seasonally available options.I admit that I was very overwhelmed when it came to choosing toppings for my yogurt and ended up only chosing one toppping (although I was still very happy with it).  However, one of my friends ordered hers with mango and chocolate drizzle and devoured it in under 5 minutes.Also, I really appreciate the fact that all of the products (cups, napkins, utensils) are eco-friendly. The spoons are made out of cornstarch! Tasty Yo has a very laidback and friendly vibe. It's a family run business and on the night we visited, the owners were extremely friendly and accomodating. Tasty Yo offers special deals or coupons on their yogurt quite frequently, so there is no reason why you shouldn't try it.If you ever find yourself in NoDa for a gallery crawl, dinner with family or friends, a yoga class, etc., make sure you find some time to stop by Tasty Yo for a yummy treat!
4	First of all, I have been chanting Tasty Yo Ho to the tune of here we go yo, since I left the store about two hours ago.  I wanted to check out Tasty Yo based  on the name alone and I love soft serve anything.  So, its real yogurt, not processed stuff that taste like ice cream, so it has a kind of tangy edge to it or something not sweet about it, but then you top it with your poison.  Fruity Pebbles, M&Ms, Capt. Crunch.  All kinds of good things and somehow it still remains healthy.  I intially stuck with peanut butter Capt. Crunch and M&Ms, but then the girl behind the counter told us Fruity Pebbles were the most popular.  So then I asked her to put some Fruity Pebbles on mine and guess what?  DELISH!!!  It took a little getting used to the yogurt itself, but I could see where it would grow on you.  Seems like a nice little place to support.Tasty Yo Ho!!!!
5	Take that- I am changing my rating of four stars to 5 big ones.  Tasty Yo is a great local business, they are so nice when you go in there.  I am totally addicted to Fruity Pebbles.  Hey, thanks Tasty Yo.
3	So...I've been sort of obsessed with this froyo craze!   I first tried it in the DC area at Yogen Fruz about 1 year ago.  Then I had Pinkberry about 3 weeks ago on a trip to LA.  Since I've been back, I've been completely obsessed, looking online for local places, looking on all these websites to see if they are opening any nearby, etc.  Then I found Tasty Yo.I LOVE froyo, but was not overly impressed with Tasty Yo for a few reasons.  When I walked in a guy greeted me.  I looked at the toppings and noticed that there were no bananas.  I asked him, "Do you guys have bananas?"  He said, "No because we tried it out and couldn't figure out how to not let them turn brown and ugly."  I didn't wanna tell him how to do his job or run the business, but at Yogen Fruz and Pinkberry they would just take a fresh banana and cut the needed amount out each time someone asked for it.  I don't think this is too much to ask for.  Banana is just the perfect amount of sweetness to counteract the tartness of the yogurt (without having to add all the syrup and stuff- I like mine kinda plain since it's nice to have a healthy dessert).  So, since they didn't have banana (and I'm always so indecisive about choosing things), I didn't know what to get!  It took me a few minutes to pick something since I changed my mind about 3 or 4 times.  The guy just stood there and looked at me as I continued to change my mind and made me feel so uncomfortable, so I felt forced to choose toppings that I didn't want.  He honestly didn't say anything to me to make me feel uncomfortable.  It was the lack of that made me feel uncomfortable.  He didn't even offer a suggestion-not very personable.  Just stood there and stared at me.  After I chose my toppings (that I hated-trust me, I know this is kinda my issue, but he didn't help at all) I noticed a list of suggested concoctions behind him on the wall.  But at this point I felt so bad about taking so long that I felt embarrassed to ask him to change it again.  I wish he was a little more pleasant.As for the froyo itself, it tasted great-despite the absence of banana.  I was a little disappointed that they don't have other flavors like Yogen Fruz, Pinkberry, or Yoforia (coming soon to South Park and Myers Park).  I'm sure they will jump on the band wagon and have more flavors soon.  I like that they are a green company though.  And they do give you 3 toppings and a syrup choice with any size.  That is a definite plus!  And they also offer coupons on their website. I will definitely be back, but once Yoforia opens up I will probably go there to enjoy their flavor options and their BANANAS!
4	A refreshing end to a day in NoDa. There's one flavor of tart frozen yogurt and tons of healthy (and not-so-healthy) toppings to pile on. The place is adorable, the staff is friendly and the only bad thing about it is that it's closed on Mondays.
3	I've been to Tasty Yo quite a few times.  I remember how exciting it was when they first opened since I had been hearing about this tart yogurt stuff from my out of town friends.  I will give it to them - they were (as far as I know) the first to bring the tart yogurt craze to Charlotte.  The Yogurt:  It's tart frozen yogurt with different toppings offered.  They only have one flavor at this location - plain.  They're going to have to step it up a bit with all the other tart frozen yogurt places that seem to be popping up all around Charlotte.  When you go in, you choose your yogurt size and you can add up to three toppings + one "sauce" (caramel, condensed milk, chocolate).   The toppings range from fresh fruit to sugary cereal to homemade granola.  I personally like strawberries and mangos on mine. The Service:  I find it a fun experience... most of the time.  Love the friendly guy with glasses.  I always get a weird vibe from everyone else - like I'm not cool enough to be in their of froyo club.  Overall:  The yogurt is good and good for you.  It's fairly reasonably priced.  It's a nice end to a night in NoDa.  A little friendlier customer service overall wouldn't hurt. Good news is that Tasty Yo isn't the only place in Charlotte with this frozen treat... there are many places popping up all over - and all of them offer more than just one flavor.
3	I know I'm waaaaaay late to the froyo party but this weekend was my first. I am ALL about that yogurt tang. Seriously tasty. But overwhelmed by toppings? Not I. I found myself looking for things (peanut butter chips, semi sweet chocolate, something spicy, maybe) and settling for mochi (didn't work, but only because of the texture) and coconut (delish).Space is a little cramped - maybe with those empty shelves in the back replaced with tables or stools, the seating issue would be solved. All in all awesome, tho, in that tiny yogurt town minimalist design way. They were playing a mix of local bands, which made me smile. I'll be back.
4	I am not quite sure if I am ready to jump on the tangy frozen yogurt craze, but Tasty Yo isn't too shabby.  It takes me a little bit to get past the tart flavor, because with dairy products that almost feels like it is on the brink of going bad in my mind.I am a little thrown by the fact that there is only one flavor that you add toppings to.  And while the fresh fruits that are brought in from the King St. Farmer's Market are the perfect touch, there is also contributions from the cereal and candy aisles at the grocery store.  Fruity Pebbles is one of their biggest sellers.I could not resist the "Strawberry Cheesecake" sundae that they have listed on the big board.  The tang of the yogurt almost reminds me of cheesecake, so it is easier to convince my brain that it's what we are eating.  You are allowed up to three toppings for the size pricing listed which is pretty cool.  And I learned that the sauces and syrups don't count as toppings, so you could get REALLY creative if you were so inclined.  Gummi bears, granola, and nuts?  GO NUTS!  And if you don't already feel good about yourself because the yogurt is probiotic and will make your ummm... body more efficient?  You can also feel good about the fact that all the paper products are recycled and the spoons are biodegradeable.  How cool is that?Ooo... and there is free wi-fi...
5	Sour and sweet and relatively good for you...you can't beat it. I'm a fan. I like the Tree Hugger best, but it is also really nice to get just strawberries and condensed milk. I also had the Key Lime Pie one time, and it was amazing as well. You get big portions for a great price.I also just kind of like being in the place. They have a nice couch and WiFi, and while I haven't set up to work in there yet, I plan to at some point in the future. Hopefully, I won't freak out the employees by putting in a full day's work alongside them. They seem to be a pretty tolerant bunch.
4	Move over Dairy Queen and Baskin Robbins...Tasty-Yo is a fresher, healthier alternative for your (frozen) sweet tooth.  I visited the NoDa location yesterday and was pleasantly surprised by the service, flavor, and even the price.  Mmkay. So basically, they got 2 flavors of frozen yogurt-plain and mango peach. I'm guessing the exotic flavor rotates?  There are 2 sizes and you get a smorgasbord of toppings.  I opted for the berry delight.  Its plain yogurt with FRESH strawberries, blueberries, and raspberry drizzle on top.  This was $3.50.  The young man taking my order was very friendly and asked me if this was my first time.  He explained the "system" and gave me a frequent flyer card.  Their frozen yogurt is so creamy and has a unique texture-like soft serve ice cream.  And its supposedly fat-free.  What's not to love?  Perfect location to get a frozen yogurt and stroll around NoDa .  "Check In" with FourSquare and you get a 20% discount the 1st time!
2	The employees at Tasty Yo are great, but the quality of the yogurt here is average at best.  They offer only one flavor, original tart.  So basically, you come here to get tart yogurt, choose your size (small to parfait, $3.00 to $6.50, I believe), and then choose your three toppings (liquid toppings free).  The toppings seemed a bit limited and they did not really offer any cool or special toppings, like mochi, for instance.The interior of the store is small, wooden, and narrow.  Tasty Yo reminds me a lot of Yogurt Tap in Decatur, GA both in its design and quality of yogurt and toppings.  It's got a more humble, down-to-earth feel than the usual modern and chic-looking froyo shops (e.g. Yoforia).  Good, honest effort, but Tasty Yo is still a notch below froyo shops I frequent in Atlanta (Pinkberry, Yoforia, and Yogurberry).
3	I wasn't really impressed.  I like the frozen yogurt trend of the last few years, but the selection was very small here and i felt like there could have been some more options in terms of flavors and toppings.  It might have been because we went late.  The employees seemed friendly and it was a good location.
5	I was over in NoDa with a friend the other night when all of the sudden my sweet tooth smacked me across the face and demanded dessert!!! I was tempted to drive over to Amelies and pick up a chocolate croissant but my laziness took over and said "You don't want to get in your car and I drive over to Amelies, you want to walk across the street and order frozen yogurt." And order frozen yogurt, I did. I walked straight in and right up to the counter where I saw *any 3 toppings free and free syrup* and I knew I was going to like this place. I ordered the original yogurt with blackberries, strawberries, coconut, and chocolate syrup. The price was SUPER cheap and the staff was very nice! I walked over to one of the comfy couches and began to enjoy my tasty treat. The blackberries and strawberries were so fresh and sweet, they tasted like they came from the Farmers' Market. The yogurt was tart but sweet enough. I loved the addition of the chocolate syrup and really appreciated the fact that they offered it free! After I was done with my bowl of deliciousness, I wanted to lick the container but refrained as that is not socially acceptable. To top it all off, the small frozen yogurt I ordered only had 90 calories! Everything is on point at Tasty Yo and I would definitely recommend it over Pinkberry! I am sure I will be back again and again!
4	I'm not sure when Tasty Yo opened but this is clearly another pinkberry but under a different name. Nothing wrong with that...just sayin. If you're coming here for fro yo make sure you like tart yogurt - because that's the only flavor. While most places offer you only one topping choice Tasty Yo offers you three AND you get unlimited syrup of your choice. That being said - I still think it's a bit pricey - $4.50 for a medium serving of yogurt? I dunno about that... The place itself is sleek, clean, and inviting. The staff is friendly and displays are taken care of very well.
4	I love fro yo but I love supporting local business even more. I've enjoyed Tasty Yo immensely each time I have gone. They have a friendly and knowledgeable staff and while they may not have tons of crazy add ins that put you in topping overload, they keep it simple and it works. And they are one of the few places that still honors the pinch card. I  wish more places did this still!  The fact that throw in a  complimentary green tea wafer stick doesn't hurt either.Stats  for 4 oz-*90 Calories*20 g Carbs*3 g Protein*13 g Sugar*60 mg sodium
3	Yo tasty, yo tasty, yo tasty yo!Tasty Yo has frozen yogurt that is all good for you and stuff, but it's only one flavor, and it can have that funky fro yo aftertaste, which sucks.  On that note, Yoforia is better.But for toppings, I have to give the nod to Tasty Yo, both because they have some suggestions on the board which means you don't have to figure out what to put on your "yo" (uh, well, I trust you know what I mean, yo?), and because they do it for you, which means that you don't have to deal with someone else's nasty hands digging into the bowls.The other thing that is cool is the serving size is perfectly reasonable.  You get a bowl that looks about like what you'll end up with - even a pretty little swirl on top (think DQ).  Then they give you up to three toppings.  That's nice.At Yoforia, for example, you get these bowls that are so big that you can almost bathe in them.  Then when you fill it up with everything you can, they weigh the bowl and you pay by the ounce, which means you need to take out a mortgage to buy your yo.  Yo.  So again, Tasty Yo wins.The only downside is that the place looks like a dorm room.  It is a decent dorm room, and they (apparently) have wifi.  If you do foursquare, you can check in for the first time and get a discount.  If you're the mayor, the deal is even better.  But it's still a dorm room, yo.
3	Before the trove of death threats and hate mail starts rolling in, let me first clarify; I am not, was not, and still not a Froyo fan. The obvious: Tasty Yo has some real stiff competition offering just one flavor. They are doing their own thing though. They have another business model that is a great selling point.It's local, family owned, friendly, cute and quaint. They pride themselves in their product and being eco friendly. Not only are the utensils made from plant cellulose, but all the paper on the walls are made from recycled products.
5	You either aren't, or you are a Fro Yo fan, I'm not one of those "I'm trendy so I eat Fro Yo" kind of persons. I love yogurt and that of the frozen variety are super tasty in my opinion. I actually try and find the best fro yo places when I am in a new city. Tasty Yo is an amazing option for what it is plain and simple: Frozen yogurt, fresh toppings, and a fun place to eat it.Tasty Yo is defiantly a fun place to hang out, eat and go. They actually have crammed a couch in the store and a coffee table. They actually want you to stay a while and enjoy their product. The color scheme of the store is also appealing. The people who work here also totally rock. Beacannon (sorry just butchered your name) in particular is always friendly and FABULOUS. People always complain about only having one flavor... my question: "WHY?" Tart tastes amazing and when you can choose up to 3 topping and a syrup there is no reason to complain about one flavor. Their toppings are fresh and delicious. They try to use in season produce from the farmers markets whenever possible. They also have Moochi, Which is a huge favorite of mine. Glutenous rice cakes come in very many flavors and styles, theres is the small white kind, similar to the size of mini marshmallows. The choices are endless and the choice is yours... so if what u ordered sucks in flavor combos maybe you need to rethink it.
3	I like Tasty Yo, I do,  but I can't help liking Yoforia better,  I get pretty much the same thing at both, the tart original flavor w/fruity pebbles, kiwi and sometimes other fruit.  I just can't help thinking that the flavor at Tasty Yo seems a little weaker, a little watered down almost.  As far as price, well I don't find either to be cheap.  Its definitely a solid, convenient local choice though and I wouldn't turn down a trip!
5	YUM! I had the blueberry acai today after going to the gym for my toppers I had pineapple, granola, and coconut! The best part is it's healthy for you so you don't have to feel guilty eating it. Plus it is super tasty and tart that to me equals delicious! I love it because I defiantly have a sweet tooth but tasty-yo satisfies it without me ruining my diet!
3	i want to love Tasty Yo because it is delicious froyo without the corporate feel. Their quaint NoDa location and charming whiteboard menu really make me root for them to rock my socks off. You know, that and the fact that they are the closest yogurt place to my house AND my work. I want to love Tasty Yo but I think we make better friends.I could get over the idea that I am restricted to the 2 flavors of yogurt they have "on tap" at the time, but when you add the odd way they section the toppings you start to lose me. I appreciate that they have standardized sizes as opposed to charging by the ounce because it allows me to budget better, but at the same time I miss the freedom to make exactly the yogurt I want.I will by no means avoid Tasty Yo in the future, but if I have the option I may head over to Selwyn for a more personalized yogurt experience.
4	Great product, friendly service, amazing neighborhood. What more can you ask for? Fantastic!
5	You can't beat this place for totally naked, stripped down frozen yogurt.  I can eat the plain variety all day with no complaints, but then they go and offer a generous choice of toppings and sweeten the deal.  I like the "key lime" topping mix.Every day they have plain and one additional flavor (rotating) ready to pour, and I think their prices are quite a bargain, especially when compared to the inexplicably outrageous price tags at baskin robbins/cold stone, etc.Best of all, this is a friendly little neighborhood place, and service is always bright, cheery, and efficient.
3	OK a frozen yogurt place in this prime location needs to be open later than 8pm on hot summer nights - just sayin!  The boyfriend and I were here last night, and I have to say when the waitress says 'original tart' flavor she is NOT kidding!!!  Think lip-puckerin-feel-it-in-the-back-of-your-cheeks-mega-tart!!  Yes it is fat-free (what is the difference between fat-free and non-fat???  I have no idea?  I know Frozen Aisle uptown has a ton of delicious non-fat options...)  The 'original tart' flavor needs another adjective: citrus-y.  I got the small Almond Joy concoction and it was inedible.  You would think anything covered in chocolate and coconut would be finger-lickin good.....um no.  It was like putting chocolate sauce on lemon ice cream.  I made a face when I had a bite at the counter and I just looked at the sweet waitress and said 'this is horrible'.  She was very nice and offered to refund my money but I said no, I would just eat the chocolate and coconut around the yogurt lol....what a little wine will inspire you to do....The boyfriend got strawberry shortcake with the 'original tart' yogurt and it worked much better with the fruit flavors.  Both smalls together were under $8 bucks but be VERY aware that not all combinations are matches made in heaven.  We will be back now that we know what to (and what not to) order!  :-)
3	Lemon...citrus based yogurt? WTF.  I thought the point to fat free yogurt was to make it taste as close to real ice cream as possible?  Apparently I am wrong or maybe Tasty Yo is....you be the judge.  Either way, if you like a lemon-y tasting yogurt then you will LOVE this place.  I will say that if you get a topping like strawberry, etc it doesn't taste quite as bad as if you get a topping like chocolate.  Chocolate and lemons DO NOT combine forces to ever create anything tasty IMO.  I'm also confused as to how you can shut down at 8pm on a Sunday night during the summer.  Business must be good enough to sustain the short hours.On a brighter note, the staff was super friendly and even though it was like 8:10pm they let us in and served me and my girlfriend right away.  Also after figuring out the reality of the tarty treat they offered to refund our money so at least they are customer focused.
4	I'm a big Tasty Yo fan. I love the taste of their plain yogurt with some fresh fruit toppings. You can always get fast service and a sweet treat here.
5	I really like this frozen yogurt spot being in my boyfriend's 'hood.  We can easily walk there, get our yogurt & sit on the bench outside with Milo. They get extra love for having a dog water bowl out front, :)I always go with the tart flavor, kiwi, blackberries (when in season) & fruity peebles.  YUM! The place is quite small & can get busy on No Da crawl nights & spring & summer afternoons.It's quite the dessert stop for those leaving nearby Cabo Fish Taco or Crepe Cellar.Employees are nice & friendly, too!
4	Yelp reviewers, y'all are gonna have me wearing a size larger by Christmas!   :)My daughter and I tried Tasty Yo, spurred by the good words here and my craving for something sweet.The guy behind the counter described the tart yogurt as tasting similar to the Greek yogurt, which I happen to love. My daughter's sweet tooth is different from mine. She doesn't eat a lot of sweets (she's a cheese head) but she likes her sweets SWEET.I got the tart yogurt with Oreo crumbles, strawberries, and granola. My daughter tried the peach mango with sprinkles, Oreo crumbles, and chocolate chips.The store is rather small but I like way they've made use of the space.  Why did I have the impression that it was a self-serve place? (It's not.) This is my only grumble. We'll go back but not too often. I love fro yo but I don't always tolerate dairy well.We both enjoyed our choices and it was a nice way to break up our day.
5	I'm really impressed. I'm also a bit ashamed I haven't been in to Tasty Yo and indulged before! Yes, I've had their delightful frozen yogurt at a variety of events, but I'm so glad I finally got a chance to try it in store! I went with the cappuccino - um, yum. Super fresh, not saccharine-y sweet and a perfect mix of smooth espresso and creamy, cool yogurt. The size small was plenty for me and for my three toppings, I chose strawberries, Oreos and coconut. Hungry yet? For $3 and change, that treat was a dessert worth noting. The flavors change daily and the toppings are plentiful and fresh. The shop is full of bright whites and greens with a smattering of chairs to grab a seat while you enjoy. Get yourself some Tasty, yo.
5	When it comes to frozen yogurt, i'm likely to bring a bit of scrutiny to the table. Tasty Yo, however, has never ceased to entertain and impress.I had the pleasure of visiting the NoDa location when they had first opened and I must say that it has only improved. The Goldstein family is so friendly and always willing to get to know you. The way they run a small business is so personal and welcoming. I love walking in and striking up a conversation with Mishie or Debbie. It's such a quaint little shop. Lots of local art on the walls, a few seats, some beverages and Tasty Yo swag available for purchase. The yogurt is incredible. Definitely the best blend/brand of frozen yogurt I've had to date. The flavors are great and they change throughout the week so make sure you check their site, Facebook, Twitter, etc. to find out which flavor is available when you go. You really can't beat the original tart flavor. Perfectly sweet and tart and perfect for loading on the toppings. The toppings are prepped with precision. All of the fruit (pineapple, mango, strawberries, kiwi) are cut into perfect pieces to be placed on your Yo. Not in big chunks like Yoforia and Pinkberry. Also, the granola is the best I've ever had. Homemade in a commercial kitchen in town and spiced to perfection. Definitely try it with apple sauce and sweetened condensed milk. Tastes just like apple pie. Scout's honor. The prices are very reasonable compared to other places as well. Small is $3.50, Medium $4.50 and Large is $5 and you get 3 toppings on each. It's a steal. All of the combos can keep you coming back all summer long. Great to have in the shop or have whilst walking around a Gallery Crawl night. Pints to go are always a joy. Grab em on Wednesdays and they are buy one, get one half off!The best yogurt in the Queen City for sure.
5	Tasty Yo is the first and best local frozen yogurt establishment I've tried in Charlotte. Before the mad TCBY and Yoforia rush hit the streets, Tasty Yo was taking hipsterville (NoDa) by storm. I had always thought that the existence of frozen yogurt was based solely around its poor substitution for ice cream. A friend told me that I HAD to try tart frozen yogurt. At first, my skepticism kept me away. After all, if I wanted tart frozen yogurt, couldn't I just throw a Dannon in the freezer and do it myself?I was so wrong. My first visit to Tasty Yo had me hooked. Perky, creamy, and perfectly swirled with my choice of three toppings mounding over the cup. The fruit toppings were finely chopped so each bite could accommodate all three fruits. When I finally caved and asked for honey on my tart yogurt (with pineapple, kiwi and strawberry), I was in heaven. Truly.I've heard lots of people tout locations with monstrous self-serve stations and gobs of toppings. If that's your thing, have at it. I prefer the simplicity and delicious texture of Tasty Yo's creamy, tart yogurt with fruit toppings.Of all the yogurt shops I've tried, Tasty Yo boasts the best tart yogurt for both flavor and texture. If you're looking for an ice cream stand-in, don't come here. But if you're hankering for a perfect frozen treat that will leave you salivating for more, do yourself a favor and stop in at Tasty Yo.
5	Definitely my favorite local fro yo joint. Shop is small, but that's fine. The tart is to die for! Just remember that you can't fix it yourself (like Pinkberry).
4	When it comes to frozen yogurt, Tasty Yo is great option.  They may not have as many flavors as their competitors, but the flavors their flavors are so much richer. Their chocolate froyo is the best I've had-  and I have had a lot! My one complaint is the weird hours, they are closed Monday and Tuesday and then only open until 830 the rest of the week. That being said, if you are in the mood for froyo when they're open, make the trip to Tasty Yo. Not only will you be indulging in some tasty froyo, but you are supporting a local business!
5	The toppings are awesome and they feel special. I'am so glad I discovered this place they rock with yogurt!!!!
3	Headline: Simple, little fro yo shop. Almost too simple for my taste. They were closed last time I tired to visit. I found out that they were remodeling. I learned they recently changed ownership. The interior is small. They had a list of fro yo flavors on a chalk board. Some of them said scoop next to the flavor. I was confused, so the guy at the counter clarified that they actually scoop the fro yo out of a container. That's a first for me. I tried the original tart and the peanut butter chocolate, which was scooped. I didn't much care for the texture of the scooped fro yo. The original tart was nice and tart so I went with that. I wasn't the largest fan of the texture. A bit too icy for my taste. Their pricing is set by size but I didn't like how they charge 50 cents per topping. A cup of fro yo can get pricey quick that way. I was intrigued by the taro mochi but disappointed after trying it. Way too gummy in texture and, except for being purple, didn't remind me of taro at all.I'd be willing to try them again next time I'm up in Noda, but they don't make my list of favorites for fro yo. Note: Seating is a challenge and the sidewalk outside the shop gets really crowded when it's busy.
2	Recently changed ownership, but kept the name.  Owned now by a couple that runs a couple other froyo places and I honestly like the new place less.  Before it was nice and having the owner working there most of the time was a nice sight, but when I went in this time the music was blaring and a fan was blowing so that the kid behind the counter had to ask us what we said multiple times.  The new owners said they were going to bring a little bit of their own flare to the business, but all they brought was new chairs, louder music, and non-fresh froyo (Yes thats right they have some flavors pre-made and sitting in the fridge instead of making it fresh from the machine.)  Disappointing.
5	Better since the owners changed.   They have more flavors now,  better toppings,  better options,  friendly staff.   A nice addition to the noda streetscape if you are in the moodfor dessert.
