4	I wasn't expecting much for a $70/night hotel that offers a kitchenette and a large room, for the same price as the Super8 on the other side of I-10.  However, I was pleasantly surprised!  At ESA, you get a two burner stove, a full size refrigerator, a bed, a couch, tiny dining table, and small bathroom.  Best of all, it doesn't smell like stale cigarette smoke, and it's pretty quiet even though it's right off the freeway.  There isn't free breakfast, but there is free wifi.  It's certainly not as nice as the Residence Inn, but for the price, it's hard to beat.  If you're on a budget, it's much better than Super8 or Motel 6.
3	If you have a choice, stay at the one about one mile farther north. (14245 S 50th St) The rooms are nicer, and they have indoor corridors.  Might cost an extra $10/night, but it's worth it.
2	First time and last time staying here.Got a $20/night discount.  Needless to say, the place had a number of issues:1) toilet clogged up2) messed up reservation - smoking room instead of non-smoking3) no linen on hideaway4) smell (it was a smoking room)5) customer service - would not give me a non-smoking room6) computers down - could not check on changing a room for me.7) spotty wifi - paid $3/night and litle good that did.7) locked doors @ 6pm...wtf?!?  Had to wait 30 minutes to talk to desk clerkNever again!!!
3	The bed and pillows are super uncomfortable. It's like sleeping on a rock. It's not a full kitchen either. Stove only has two ranges. They only supply two of each dinnerware (not good for a family of four). Rarely any maid service and if u want one u will have to pay $10 per request but u get 1 complimentary maid service per week. I felt like I was living in a cheap apartment than on vacation. I'll stay elsewhere next time.
1	Eeeeeek is right....Horrific ....This place is Great need of fumigation and Deep Deep cleaning. It smells, it had spiders, and just all around filthy. The beds seemed clean....the refrigerator smelled and the ice cubes had an odor from hell. And that's what they expected you to use because they have No ice machine. And their soft drink machine was broken. Complained but did no good. Had three days of softball tournament  with little sleep to keep watch on the HUGE spider we couldn't kill because it jumped when you got near it! Awful experience. 11-14 to 11-18 2013Annie G. irvine CA
1	I stayed at this hotel March 1-2, 2014.  BIG MISTAKE!  There was something sticky spilled and not wiped up on the bathroom counter. There was dried food in the microwave. There were moldy coffee grounds in the coffee maker. Worst of all, when I woke up in the morning, the room was crawling with roaches. BIG roaches. The desk clerk claimed she has never heard anyone complain of roaches there before. I wondered if the sheets had even been changed prior to my stay. It felt disgusting in that room and I couldn't wait to get out of there. I will never stay there again. I wish I had done a little research before booking a room there. The desk clerk promised to mail me a certificate for a free night at ANY Extended Stay America Hotel. We'll see if it arrives.  UPDATE:  Because I posted a review on Trip Advisor, a manager responded to my review apologizing, yada yada yada.  After waiting several weeks, I emailed said manager and asked about the certificate for the free night that the desk clerk had promised and, BIG SURPRISE, no response.  Needless to say, I will never set foot in any if these roach-infested, flea bag Extended Stay America Hotels again.
5	We booked the hotel through Hotwire.com and got a great deal. Once I saw where we were staying and the reviews I wasn't happy at all. We had actually stayed at the hotel about 3 years ago and I knew all the reviews were spot on. The room wreaked of cigarette smoke and was very run down and gross. Nothing I could do though since we booked through Hotwire.However, I was very shocked when we checked in to learn that they were in the middle of remodeling all their rooms. we received one of the rooms that had been recently renovated and loved it! The nasty carpet is gone and replaced with a laminate hardwood. The kitchen and bathroom were very clean and updated. The bed was comfortable and very clean. Overall, I loved our stay and will definitely be staying with them again. Once they get all the rooms updated, this will be a great hotel. Oh and the horrible smell is gone, if I remember right, they are now a nonsmoking hotel. Our room had a faint paint smell to it but nothing that was unbearable. Give this place a chance and try requesting one of the remodeled rooms when you make your reservation.
3	OK, it's not the Ritz Carlton, but it doesn't come with Ritz pricing either.  The rooms are comfortable enough, come with kitchens and dishes/utensils upon request. Like all Extended Stays, housekeeping only comes once a week so don't expect turndown service. Or chocolate on your pillows.Close enough to walk to a 7 Eleven and lots of places to shop nearby.  The entrance to the 10 freeway is 100 feet away from the driveway.  I found the staff to not be overly warm, but helpful when you asked them for assistance.  For the money I'd stay here again and think it's a fair value.PROSCost - try looking at Priceline for the Express Deals to save a few bucks.Location - close to Chandler Fashion center and right off the 10 FreewayKitchen in rooms are convenient if you don't want to eat out everyday - no it's not a Martha Stewart layout but it gets the job done.Laundry facility onsiteTreadmill and lifycyleFree coffee, muffins, granola bars, oatmeal, fruit for breakfast in lobbyFree WIFI.  Not the fastest, but it comes with the room.CONS$2.00 for a load of laundry and $2.00 to dry it.  The dryer I used only got my clothes 50% dry after 45 minutes.  The front desk didn't have quarters so I had to air dry them the rest of the way.Would not give me a 1:00 check out.  I would understand if the place was busy, but it's empty and asked me to leave by 12:00.Room had a stale smoky smell to it.  It wasn't repulsive, but it probably could use some carpet fresh.Light fixture cover in bathroom MIA.
3	It's priced well and it's clean. Don't expect this to be a 5 star hotel. The price is well worth the stay, as long as you remember that you will have to get your own linen and kitchen supplies at the front desk.
