5	Life saver! Ran over a bunch of sewage which stuck all over my tires! Sooo happy this self serve car wash is open 24/7!! It is $1.00 for 3 min.
4	I will be the first to admit that I dislike full service car washes. Especially after reading  several one star reviews. I will be the first to admit that self service car washes give me a slight case of motion sickness. And I will be the first to admit that Legacy Self Service Car Wash is a good car wash.   Legacy Self Service Car Wash features six bays, one self service drive thru car wash, and vacumn bays. In my opinion it provides the best car wash attendant to wash your vehicle. A car wash attendant that is honest and give your vehicle some tender loving care. That car wash attendant is You.  I have been to Legacy Self Service Car Wash four times. From my experience, the car wash has been as rewarding as the effort I put into it. To get my car clean, I feed $2 to the change machine, press "refund" and drop the quarters into the money meter at the bay. I place the hose setting to low pressure wash. I believe this pays for three minutes of water and soap. When the water stops, I use their mounted brush to give my car a good scrub. Then I feed another $1 to $2 to the meter, place the hose setting  to rinse, and drive off. In the future, I might buy a soft rag to dry off the car.    Legacy Self Service Car Wash is hidden at the southeast corner of Pecos at Windmill, in back of Arbys, Del Taco, and Arco. It is hidden from Pecos and Windmill in a safe and relatively populated location. With an office building, auto repair store, and Ginger Mill Restaurant in eye range; plus cameras the location appears safe. If it was isolated, I would not recommend it.I would like to close off the review by mentioning two tips. 1) I placed a picture of car wash settings and directions. And 2) as I write this the Arco a few hundred feet away-at Pecos and Windmill, is one of the least expensive gas stations in the area.
5	I feel obligated to add on another review for this place. When I moved to Las Vegas 2 years ago, I quickly became fearful that I would be out of luck when it came to washing my own car. Thankfully, I found this place and have been at least once a month ever since. Easy to get to, no problems with any machine, and very affordable.If you are tired of using the automatic machines or hate dishing out too much money for someone else to wash your car or even just hate trusting the job to anyone by yourself, this is a great place to go.
2	Was good car wash up until the summer of 2012 - last four times there has been either no wax and/or no soap - Management does not keep the hours listed as available for on-site help. Generally clean, but poor oversight of equipment - vending machines rarely operate and one out of three times you actually get the products (I.e. Towels, etc.) you paid for.
1	Are you kidding me? Couldn't believe that I was excited about this place. I guess there is something for everyone, but this was not for me! No stars really.
4	I started to figure out that those auto car washes which you pay for and manually drive into, do not do a good job.  Granted most of the dirt on your car is just plain dust, no worries for mud, road salt like I'm used to in the mid-west, but still the under body needs a good scrub every time I come out of one of those.Behold the Legacy Self Serve Car Wash!  They have plenty of car ports and shaded areas for vacuuming your interior.  The thing I like about washing my own car is I can do a better job than most car washes and for a cheaper price!  Start by rinsing your car and then going for the foam brush and really scrub at the bottom and than rinse again.  I think today it took me $3-3.50 and it looks wonderful, the only thing is to remember to bring a towel so your car doesn't get water spots!
3	It's a self-serve car wash that has enough bays that there's not usually a line. Convenient location.Hoses that make washing most types of personal vehicles a breeze.I would have rated it higher, but the change machine has never worked in my five times there and the length of each cycle could be about 30 seconds longer. Said another way, be sure to bring plenty of quarters with you. I've never tried the credit-card machine.
2	Nice building and clean. Cheap but very little soap in the high pressure soap mode. I won't be back
5	There was no line. Being it was my first time doing a self serve car wash, I took 19 minutes to go through all the stages. The first machine I used did not work, and the machine automatically charged me the minimum $2. I went to the on-site worker after, a ripe-aged Midwesterner, and he took my word and returned the money. He then volunteered two towels to wipe dry when realizing I didn't have enough, saying: "We appreciate your business." I like the feeling of a washing your own car, and Legacy Car Wash makes you a pro at it.
3	1 dollar for 2 and a half minutes.  When I went I needed about 10 minutes to complete the entire cycle of options (prewash, power wash, brush soap, etc.)I ran out of quarters but luckily they have an option to use your credit card to pay for the wash.Self Serve Car Washes are a good way to reach spots that an AUTO-wash would never reach... but theres nothing that seems to set this place apart from other car washes.This place serves the purpose and gets the job done, nothing flashy, nothing impressive.
1	By far the worst car wash I've used. My car ended up worse coming out. I had to go to the gas station next door to wipe down my windshield since there was soap streaks all over it. It looked like my car was rained on and left to dry. Save yourself the time.
4	This place is great when you want to clean your car yourself. The prices are reasonable and always kept clean
