4	Very, umm, interesting location for this store. Compared to other TJ Maxx locations this one is great because there aren't dust bunnies all over the dressing room. That was ALWAYS my biggest complaint and annoyance when I go to other discount retail stores. Besides the clothes (PLEASE expand the atheletic department!) there is a nice home goods section. I picked up a nice slab of marble and marble coasters for a very low price.
4	TJ Maxx has long been a favorite. Even in the strange land that is Westgate Mall, this location can offer up a treasure now and then. They have a particularly good homegood section and I've been known to find a killer handbag there as well.
3	Wide selection and pretty decently put together given the constant ransacking that these stores tend to go through.  I mean, really, it's a 4-pack of underwear, why do you need to tear four of them apart to put together a pack of the same color?  Asshats.  Deals are generally good, and much better on some things than others.
3	Whelp... one week I found a radtastic solid wood import from India... a rocking buffet that would look great in my new place, but the next week it was gone. I'm not knocking stars because I'm an idiot and can't make a decision to save my life (if it was meant to be it would have been there, right), I'm knocking some stars because there's little to no organization and outside of the folks up front who'll check you out, I don't know that they staff the joint. I had a few questions but wasn't able to track anyone down which was a bummer. Stock is always changing (grumble, grumble) so it's worth repeat visits if you're just browsing.
4	I really enjoy shopping at TJ Maxx. It is one of those places I can just wander around. You never know what you will find and that makes shopping fun. The store is clean and pretty organized. Staff seems pretty friendly overall.
4	I just keep coming back!!!  Sometimes I can come out with 45 items (maybe a little bit of an exaggeration...) but times where there is nothing at all.  I think that is a lot of why I so dearly love going to this place, you never know what you are going to get.As a West Coast Native, I have several brands that I can never find in the Mid West, and if I do, they are not the styles I like.  I do find the brands here...sometimes.  Roxy, Element, Billabong, for fairly cheap.  I get so excited!!!My usual rounds starts off by going through the hair, makeup and accessories area.  Most of the time it is a disaster but even more thrilling.  I started to find Essie nail polish for $3 but they began raising the price to $4.99.  I have also found great name brand items that I usually was buying at Ulta.My next stop is the shoes.  Now, I have shoes.  I have enough shoes to last someone forever.  But that is never enough so of course, I always peruse.  My most recent find was a pair of Sperry's with blue leopard print and sparkles.  Gawdy, yes, but OMG!Next through athletic clothes.  My collection of athletic clothes is up there with my shoe collection.  For working out, I hate paying full price for items that I am just going to sweat in.  TJ Maxx gets the job done with a lot of Nike, Under Armor, Reebok, Adidas...Clothes.  Yup, there is lots of it.  Name brand expensive stuff to cheap, random stuff.  A lot of times, the clothes come directly from American Eagle, Hollister or any other random brand.  Now, home goods.  Candles!  Holy candles!  Yankee Candles for $12.00.  Their bedding was pretty good until prices went up but still reasonable...and food.  Ranges from coffee, to tea, to chips, to chia seeds...and evoo.  Yup.  Never know what your gonna get!
