5	Just stopped here during work as this is located in the Esplanade, near my office b/c I needed a quick watch repair. The staff was friendly and my watch was fixed in a matter of minutes. And, as they said it was a simple repair, they did not charge me! I offered to pay, but they refused. Excellent, old fashioned service. Also, though I was only there for a few minutes, I did note that they had a wide selection of cute fashion jewelry as well as some lovely, higher end pieces.
5	I stumbled across Jay's store a few years ago when he was at the Esplanade just down the road, and his craftsmanship and impeccable attention to detail have kept me coming back over since.  The moment you step into the store you are taken back to a time when customer service and loyalty weren't just tag lines but real experiences to be had.  They treat you like you've been with them for years, even if it's your first time.  I've had everything done from watch repair to jewelry appraisal and I've always walked away happy.  I do have to add that I love his new location.  There are a handful of great places to shop and eat there and the Town and Country is about to add even more so you couldn't ask for a better location to wait!
5	Had a need to sell some gold (a watch and a few rings) and thought I stop in as I've seen the store many times while in the Town and Country shopping center.  Met with the owner and was more than pleased at the price he paid me.  Not only that, but I explained to him that the gold was my mom's who fell on hard times and that it was hard for her to give up the watch.  He was so kind and literally gave me two costume watches so that she would not have to go without.  While he was was putting new batteries in the watches (great service) I looked around and found a beautiful bracelet that I figured I couldn't afford.  Not only could I afford it (I bought it) but I will make this my "go to" place for jewelry, both for myself and as gifts.  This store is a great little find!
5	This is one of those places where a native Phoenician will appreciate. It has been around for awhile now. Its been here before PHX was considered city. I support this busy for many reason that I will not list, for reason that I hope you will find out for yourself. Thank you J Goldman.PS: I'll look for those rocking chairs. :)
5	Found this place on yelp and called to ask about getting a watch fixed. Jay was so extremely helpful and even included the battery for free. I've found my watch spot. Jay is so helpful and so kind. I highly recommend going here for any watch or jewelry repair!
5	Great service, I asked to resize my ring, did it on the spot, and allowed me to take it home before payment.  I love supporting local businesses, especially the mom and pops!  Highly recommend!  Oh, they have the best selection of turquoise jewelry.
2	Recently visited this jeweler to have a ring resized. Was quoted a resize at $80, then $85 when I brought it in to drop off. Furthermore, the gentleman told me that he keeps any gold he removes as that is included in his price. Upon shopping around, I was able to get the ring sized and rhodium plated for $40 bucks out the door! It looks beautiful and I felt much better dealing with someone who was straight from the start.
4	Great Place, Nice People, Excellent Service. I sold a bunch of my mom's old jewelry and these guys handled my transaction quickly and safely. I got my cash right away and I couldn't be happier with what I received for it because I didn't think it was worth that much.My friend referred me to them and he explained that if you go pretty much anywhere other than here, you would get ripped off. I took his word for it and I'm glad I did because these guys couldn't have been any better, seriously.
5	Here it was, an ordinary day and I had recently lost my wedding ring. We were driving by JG and I said, "let's just stop in so I can see possible settings."  I had seen others on TV, etc with the halo setting, but never saw it on my hand. I walked in, and was greeted by Jay who was very welcoming. The store is small, but has a nice selection. I told Jay I would possibly be interested in the future in a halo setting diamond band w/solitaire. He pulled out the most beautiful halo band ever. I put on my finger and it was love. He told me he could get it sized, order the solitaire and have it ready in a day or two. He honored his promise with the most perfect ring for me at a very reasonable price. Everything he told me he lived up to his promise. Jay is a man of integrity and would highly recommend to anyone looking for a reputable and reasonably priced jeweler.
1	I took my dad's old, wind up watch in for a quote to fix.  It was over xmas/new years and Jay said it would be about a week and he would get back to me with a quote.  Well, a week came and went, ( MORE LIKE 2 WEEKS) and I called to check on my watch.  Jay told me he sent it out, he would have to check and call me right back.  He did not.  Another week went by, I called Jay again, he said he would check again and call me back.  I obviously was getting concerned that I was never going to get my watch back and made that clear.  He called me back and said he would have my watch by the end of the week.  He called me at the end of the week to tell me my watch was fixed and it would be $135.  I asked him what happened to the quote?  That I didn't authorize him to fix my watch and he apologized but said I had to pay.  Since my dad passed away, the watch had sentimental value so of course I paid.  He did discount the price to $100 but I think the guy is a shyster and would not recommend him.
4	Took my Movado dress watch into Jay Goldman Jewelers on a Friday, to replace a dead battery. I brought their coupon for a Free replacement battery, from a local coupon ad packet. Trudy greeted me warmly, wrote up my repair invoice, and gave me a copy. Gave me tips on how to extend the battery life, and said the watch would be ready Monday. Sure enough, I walked in Monday afternoon, and Jay greeted me at the counter, meeting for the first time. My watch was ready, he wrapped it for me to carry. We chatted about my being new to the neighborhood, and he invited me back anytime I need anything in jewelry, or to market something on eBay, through their authorized online store. In all, they were very friendly, professional and accomodating. Just what you want for having a relationship with a trusted local jeweler. I'll be back!
