2	A co-worker and I went for lunch one day, because she had a buy 1 get 1 coupon. I ordered a patty melt with fries, the patty melt was good, the fries weren't. My co-worker ordered a grilled chicken salad. It was OK. After taking our discount we still ended up paying about $10 each including tip. It might sound cheap, but for a mediocre lunch, its not. Not only did it take about 10 minutes for someone to acknowledge us for the first time, but our waitress was a bit wacky and didn't seem to care to ask us what we wanted, she just wanted to suggest and rush off. I wont be going back anytime soon for lunch.
5	Sometimes we have late night cravings.... and my neighborhood IHOP is just a few minutes away... Yippy Hooray!We ( my date and I ) used to be regulars here, since it's the nearest 24hr. place to eat when he gets off work late and he doesn't have much of an appetite to eat alone unless I accompany him, so usually around 4a.m., we eat together for early breakfast/late night dinner 3x a week... yes the pounds did catch on, but luckily we don't have our ritual of weekly IHOP anymore or we would be in big trouble.Our server Monica usually takes care of us... She's upbeat, great sense of humor, cheerful, and loves to sing out loud... which I actually admire. It really puts us in a extra happy go feeling to witness it. One of the reasons why we always go back there :)This visit... Monica remembered us after being MIA for the whole summer, which was really nice to hear her say "how you guys been?!?" Love her warm welcome and remembering our fruit drinks order every time. I asked her how the new Pumpkin Pancakes are and she was so animated and held her hands to her chest and told me it's to die for. So by that remark... I ordered the Pumpkin Pancake Combo - which comes with eggs, hash browns, and either sausage or bacon. I ordered mine with egg whites only and sprinkled with cheddar cheese, since she asked if I would like some, but was charged an extra $1 for that cheese, which wasn't worth it, since it was just a few sprinkles. The Pumpkin Pancakes were not huge in size, but almost the same size as a hamburger patty if not a bit bigger. I drizzled some Pecan Syrup and didn't really need butter, since it's the salty kind, not rich and creamy. It was flavorful and the notes of cinnamon and allspice danced in my palette. My egg whites were fluffy and good. My sausages and hash browns were all quite tasty and yummy. The second dish we ordered was the Build Your Own Omelet consisting of: Provolone Cheese, Ham, Green Peppers, Onions, and Over-Roasted Tomatoes. I believe it was very hearty and delicious since he didn't offer to share a bite... usually that means too yummy to share. We always seem to enjoy our time here with the service and food. If you're ever craving late night food or just Pumpkin Pancakes that's only being served for a limited time... please take advantage of this before it's off the menu. I don't usually like pancakes, but this one was tasty and fulfilling. We left as happy campers as always....
3	IHOP has never really been a place that I get excited about going to but late at night when nothing else is open, their chicken fingers are divine.  I had a great experience at this particular location, the service was excellent, the facilities were clean, and the food was great.
3	service from nay was awesome :)the only down side was it took us a while to get our food, but dispite that the food was pretty good. there apps are better than a majority of places.and knowing that this location is 24 hours well be back
5	I always enjoy the omelettes specially the big steak omelette, today our server is Ramiro, he is very friendly and he is always checking what we need. My wife love the nutella crepes.Very good food and excelente service... When You go to the store in rainbow and spring  mountain ask for Tracy, she is the best, there is always a smile on her face and always taking care of your needs.
1	what is wrong with you people, horrible horrible service luke-warm food, innattentive staff, understaffed, very expensive. never again.  you people must not be used to anything nice at all.never again, although all employees were still polite and smiled.
4	When I walked into the building, I was expecting great food, friendly waiters/waitresses and and friendly atmosphere, and when I walked out, I was happy, full and in a very good mood. It went far beyond my expectations. It was everything I had expected and more. It was a very friendly, comfortable atmosphere. Everything felt exceptionally friendly and comfortable inside of the restaurant. I had the smokehouse, and the sausage was phenomenal and full of flavor. The pancakes were also very good and fluffy, just the way I like them. Our waitress was very friendly and constantly checking up on us, catering to our every need. I'll admit, it was a bit on the pricey side.... okay, it was VERY PRICEY (each breakfast costs more than $10 a piece), but I think it was worth it. I wouldn't come here every day at such high prices, but I think it would be fine as an occasional stop (celebrations, random lazy mornings.) If you are ever visiting here, like I am, or if you live here and are looking for a quick bite to eat, full of flavor, I would definitely suggest eating here. My compliments to the chef!
1	This place is pure crap! I brought the family here for a late breakfast/early lunch. My wife and I each ordered a Belgian waffle combo. When it came out the eggs were barley even warm. The waffles were both almost cold! There was butter on top of each that wouldn't even melt. I asked the waitress if the waffles are even fresh and I was assured they were. Well long story short I asked for new FRESH and HOT waffles for myself and my bride. 10 minutes later we were given one slightly above room air temp waffle and 5 minutes later the other one came out. Same condition. If I could only give 0 stars I would. Funny thing happened after I got my bill. They had a survey available and I took the 8 minutes to call and answer the questions. 10 minutes later I was contacted by the regional manager! Asked why I rated the survey the way I did I was completely honest and he wanted me to come back and spend my hard earned $$ in his store again and give them another chance. I told him there was no way that was ever going to happen. Never going back!
4	I love coming here at night. Not too  many people and very quiet. After working a long day with constant noise around you, I come  here for a peaceful meal with my boyfriend.
2	IHOP definitely fills the need for breakfast food in a jiffy. But to say that it's good breakfast food is a hit or miss. This location is busy on Sunday mornings. I'm sure it's busy at all IHOPs on Sunday mornings, but it was especially cramped here. Not too bad of a wait - about 5 minutes. We were seated at a small two-seater booth an arm's length away from a table of eight. One of the members at this table was a screaming baby and his screaming kid older sister. The mum of the screaming tyrannical kids was completely ignorant while she chowed down on her food. Cue the migraine headache. Can't ding IHOP for the screaming kids. But I can ding them on their food and their service. My mom and I both ordered whole wheat pancakes with blueberries that came with scrambled egg white substitute and turkey bacon. She says that was decent. I ordered the Split Decision plate. Two buttermilk pancakes, 2 French toast triangles, 2 eggs, 2 slices of bacon and 2 sausages for about $10. Simple, right? Can't mess this up too much here. Except they did. My breakfast plate came with a tub of butter right on top of my pancakes and french toast (or should I say my butter came with a side of breakfast?). I tried scooping the butter off to the side of my plate, except it melted onto my eggs and my bacon. Mmm. Bacon and butter - the ultimate greasy delight...not. Service was a joke. Our two-seater booth was very small. No biggie if there isn't anything else on our table. We didn't order coffee, but the coffee pot and the dish of creamer stayed on the table. I thought a server would be mindful enough to take that stuff away. Nope. It stayed until I flagged someone down to take those away so my mom and I could have some arm room to eat. I've been to this location a few times during late nights. Breakfast at 10 PM here is much better than breakfast at 10 AM. No questions asked.
4	Very surprised - excellent service. Super friendly hostess and server. Not what I was expecting from a late-night experience at an IHOP.Food also was more than acceptable, it was actually good.
5	Had a late breakfast here on a Saturday afternoon.  No complaints from me.  The service was friendly and fast.  The booth was clean as well as the carpet and walls.  Our waiter was friendly and fast to give a refill or check to make sure we were ok.  The food was hot, fresh, and good.  Nothing more I could want from an IHOP.
4	IHOP is cheap, reliable and tasty.  When I want pancakes, I usually want IHOP pancakes.  We brought a friend visiting from Brazil and he very much enjoyed it.  Red velvet pancakes are not so much an international phenomenon.  ;)
5	Food was what I expected from I hop, not good but not horrible. The reason for the high reviews is Blanca B was a fantastic server. She made our morning with her attentiveness and kindness as well as always keeping a smile even when she was busy. Superb job and thank you for being so polite and courteous.  She even ran over when she saw me reaching for the coffee pot just to pour me my next cup. She went above and beyond. Thank you again. Great way to start my morning.
1	Friends and I were out drinking singing karaoke and of course when it was time to go home everyone wanted to go eat. We were in china town I wanted to go get some delicious pho or something. I got out voted and ended up here. Never ever ever again will I let my "friends" talk me into coming again.The service was TERRIBLE and so was the food. I could make better breakfast in my most drunken stupor with my eyes closed! I'm so over it I don't even want to write about this place anymore....moving on
4	Great service, IHOP food standards, and a location right where I needed it. My only complaints were that we had business to do, and they sat us at a table that could barely fit our plates (it was soooo small). They also had run out of whipped cream (take $5 out of the petty-cash and go get some at the store across the street). On a more positive note, Gabby our waitress was very personable, and attentive. She made sure to come up with a couple alternatives for us, because of the no whipped cream situation. Great job.
5	Great atmosphere and great service love to dine inn at places were the staff make you feel welcome great service and great food ;)
3	Food OK.  Really empty here. Out of drink flavors for special drinks.  And who would serve fish and chips without having vinegar available?? These guys!  Dumb.
5	Stopped in after a night out at Ghostbar. Our server was extremely friendly and quick. She took the time to chat with us and ask where we're from. We ended up being from the same area so we talked about that for a while.Food was good, space was clean.Good experience!
2	01/05/15  3:30 PMCame in today to enjoy my free birthday pancakes. Sign up at their website for their mailing list. Retail $8.99. Your choice of World Famous pancakes, top with Peach, Cinnamon Apple or Glazed strawberry.Juan was our waiter, he's very friendly.  Our drinks have not hit empty. I had the Cinnamon Apple compote it was very good. A bit on the sweet side but very good! Next time I rather get the Strawberries. Food was hot but NOT great.. it was edible that's for sure.  Juan was a fantastic waiter we tip him 26% since he did pay close attention to his tables. You can eat here for under $10 a person it's a nice cheap place.I still rather go to the crap location near us on Fort Apache & Tropicana. It's busier, with a bigger staff. That being said I updated my profile to that location, until next year.
