5	Clover Joes is so good!! I never went to it when it was a food truck but I've been to the shop location several times and I'm hooked. The prices are very reasonable for what you get. I recommend the burger with bacon and cheese or the Reuben. They are both always so fresh and good. They have awesome fresh cut French fries as well. I've never had the steak and cheese but I've had many coworkers rave about it. I will be back again
4	Perhaps the best non-gourmet cheeseburger in town. That is to say that I have had one at another establishment where they used the best ground meat possible and you can taste the difference. They also charged me $15But Clover Joe's Bacon Cheeseburger is exquisite. It is a perfectly seasoned large patty with Bacon, Cheese, lettuce tomato, ketchup and mustard. For under $8. If you are Uptown and craving a burger, it's a must have.Burgers aren't your thing? Try the marinated chicken sub. It is out of this world also. I don't even know where to begin writing about it, you just have to try it.Honestly, I can't say much else because this is where I stopped on the menu. I didn't need anything else. But they have Philly Cheesesteaks and a host of other sandwiches. I think their fries leave something to be desired but only because I'm not a huge fan of the soggy boardwalk style fries. Other people are.Careful during the lunch rush. They make everything as you order it so with that quality comes a wait when they are busy and there is only ever 2-3 of them running the kitchen (that is all that can fit). If you have the time, it's worth the wait.
5	Clover Joe's is hands down the best sandwich Shoppe in Charlotte! I work close by and this is my go to lunch spot they have a huge variety of sandwiches and they are all fabulous but my favorite wpuld have to be Joe's famous cheese steak!     You cannot beat the price and the service and experience has been wonderful every time I have been! I would recommend this place to everyone!
5	We had their cheese steak sandwiches.  Very good and very reasonably priced.
