5	I love the food. It's amazing and prepared fresh.
5	I had never tried Moroccan food before.  It was absolutely amazing!  I had the cous cous plate with chicken.  It was wonderfully spiced, much more than typical mediteranean food found around Madison.My friends tried the falafel and said it was also amazing.  It was fresh and moist, unlike alot of falafel you find.I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant and will be returning soon.  I just hope they make it in their location.  Easy to get to though...
5	Free WiFi internet available.
2	- Friendly but very slow service - cook's fault, not the waitress'- Small portions and overcooked, dry meat- More bland than I expected. Not terrible though
3	This is a place with a talented cook.  All the food we had was excellent and well prepared.  The bastilla (slightly sweet chicken pie in filo dough) was delicious and the kofta (meat ball) tagine I had was delicious.  The portions were very generous and I brought home half my entree.  Only problem was lack of a liquor license (it is in the works apparently) and also the annoyigly loud Moroccan CD playing the background that repeated  the same song over and over.  I will certainly go back once they can serve wine and beer.  Although it is not in the best location in the world,  the food was lovely.
5	This out of the way restaurant is a must try! The food was delicious, and reasonably priced for the portions. They are open from 10am to 10pm and have both a lunch and dinner menu. There are non-Moroccan choices on both menus such as wraps, sandwiches, and burgers, but no children's menu. Most of the dinner meals have a choice of chicken, beef, lamb or vegetarian. From the dinner menu my sister and I chose the Sauce Sampler which included hummus, baba ghanoush, couscous and guacamole and is served with pita bread. As entrees we chose the Moroccan curry w/beef and Falafel. We were served hot bread with olive oil and spices, and also a wonderful bean soup. For drinks we both chose the Moroccan hot tea w/mint. Our total bill was about $33.00, and we ended up taking food home. The food tastes very fresh and of good quality. The beef in my curry was very tender, and perfectly cooked, and the falafel was crisp with no trace of excess oil. The baba ghanoush had a smooth consistency (not mushy), and the hummus tasted homemade. Everything was spiced to perfection, not overpowering, not too subtle, and the hot tea w/mint completed the meal nicely.From beginning to end it was a delightful experience!
5	6 of us had dinner here this past Sunday evening.  The Moroccan coffee and mint tea were a huge hit.  About half of the group were vegetarian and we had no problem finding something to love.  The meat eaters loved the lamb.  The sauce sampler platter was obviously freshly made.  There were several of us that were wary of the Baba Ghanoush (it is so easy to screw up eggplant!) and we loved it.  My friend needed a decaf tea and although it wasn't on the menu, they did have it available.  Generous portions, almost all of us had leftovers.
1	As of March, 2011 this place is out of business.  Sad I didn't go more when I had the chance.  Food was great.
