5	Todd and Randy and their service crew worked to get our car in top condition. Good service and trustworthy.
1	I called this particular Pep Boys and asked how much it would cost for an oil change.. They said $32.95. So I went and dropped my car off, returned to pick it back up, only to get charged an additional $20 for LABOR! Ridiculous. They should've disclosed ALL costs that I was going to be charged over the phone. I would go somewhere else if you're looking for an oil change. That was an extremely shady tactic, not disclosing everything I would've been charged.
1	I made an appointment for today, arrived 10 minutes prior to my appointment time and was told they were too busy to fit me in. No courtesy call, nothing.I have filed a formal complaint. Not sure how they keep customers with this sort of disregard for common sense etiquette.
1	Older customer service man refused to help me with a check engine light... Said he could hook up the car and read the codes but would charge me $89.99 to look them up and tell me what's actually wrong!  Never coming back here again ... Previous visit they sold me the wrong back breaks and spark plugs.. After they looked them up on line for 20 mins!Only plus was Sean helping us out even though pep boys doesn't work or carry older Jetta parts????? I have a 1996 volkswagon jettaGOING BACK TO AUTOZONE!
5	Took my car here a few times for some little stuff.  I have had no problems with them so far.  Decent prices, professional and courteous.  They even waived a diagnostic charge for me before.  Jose at the service desk is pretty nice.
1	I would normally have given them 5 stars from past jobs over the last year because of our fleet account and all the guys there are great and the mechanics work so hard.  But recently I brought in my 99 Cadilac to have the A/C worked on as the air flow was coming out of the defroster only.  It was fixed by AJ and off I was with great air flow and cold air.  I was happy, until I realized it wasn't coming out of multiple vents at one time when it the knob was on blower and feet it came out only at the blower.  So I brought it back to be fixed.  They said it was probably a faulty actuator so ordered another one and put it in.  Now not only does it not flow out of multiple vents, but the air isn't flowing at all.  It flows a little bit but it's back to the defroster area only again!!!  Whats up with that?  So they kept to see if they could fix it.  A mechanic told me something had broken off a part and is blocking it from doing anything.  Another one said something fell down through the defrost vent and is blocking something.  With my passenger air bag blown previously they said; AFTER HAVING MY VEHICLE FOR OVER 2 MONTHS,  that they can't fix it because of my air bag.  NOW I ASK YOU, IF MY CAR WAS BLOWING COLD AIR WITH A HARD FLOW AT EVERYVENT AREA JUST NOT 2 AT THE SAME TIME, SHOULDN'T I GET IT BACK IN AT LEAST THE SAME CONDITION AS I DROPPED IT OFF?  So now I have to call the corporate office to get it fixed or my money back from the previous A/C work done on it.  Glen the manager for the mechanics didn't do anything to help me fix the situation, nor did he approache me during the problem matic month and a half.  He sent his workers to relay messages.  How unproffessional is that?  He is new to the Rancho store and if you ask me they need to get rid of him as he has just lost there store a very large nice fleet account.  The store has gone downhill over the past 3 months.  So my advise to you is, if Glen is still the manager there then run out the store and go somewhere else to get your car fixed because he will not care if it leaves worse off than what it was dropped off!!!!!!!!!!!!   Taz & Pete the manager inside the store is the only manager that tried to do anything to help.  The others only spoke to me on the phone and said', I need to talk to so and so to see whats going on and I will get back to you.  Which they never did!!!  I hope this helped at least one person.
5	Well I had recently left a 1star review as my vehicles and I were neglected and broke.  Since that review I was helped by Pete and Taz at the store and they seemed to have fixed the problem in no time.  I'm happy that they now have a responsible manager/s handling my account and the store.  That's who I will be going to every time now when I need help.  Thank you guys.  Also, the guys that work there at the counter and on the vehicles are great as well!!
1	Worst customer service. They lied about how the tire warranty works and wouldn't check the manufacture warranty when my fairly new tire had wires popping out of it and even tho they said it was a manufacture defect I had to pay for a new tire. The service guy mike was nice and tried to help but his big boss with the beard is really rude. I understand that it may not be in their control since its pep boys policy but I don't want to deal with a company that doesn't take care of its customers. Ill be taking my business to discount tires
4	I needed to buy a new bulb for my car's headlight and I wound up here by sheer chance. I was driving around town on my way to who knows where and had one of those, "oh yeah, I forgot I need a new bulb for my car" thoughts. About that time, I saw this Pep Boys and pulled in. I'm a stereotypical female who knows jack squat about cars so if anybody could get ripped off, it's me. Well, I waltzed in and the employees were SUPER friendly and helpful. I guess they know that when a chick comes in alone that she most likely needs a lot of help. The store is very old inside but the guys working there know their stuff. They even felt so badly for me (I really turned on the pitiful look) that one of them came out into the parking lot and installed the new bulb for me. Yay!
