5	This Home Goods location opened about a month ago.  We made the mistake of going in on opening weekend - it took 15 minutes to find a parking spot.  But, I digress.Home Goods, in my opinion, is the perfect store.  Here you will find a cornucopia of merchandise, from home decor and pet supplies to kitchen gadgets and gourmet foods. If you're looking for it, Home Goods has it.As soon as you walk through the door, you begin to have an understanding that you haven't come to your average, everyday kinda store.  Where on earth will you find a 4 foot, gleaming gemstone globe with a $3000 sticker price?  Pray tell, what store have you frequented that sold an 8 foot giraffe made from sanded, braided driftwood? Not too many, I would imagine.Many will say that Home Goods is a store where you will find seconds, flawed items, and poor quality products.  To them I say, "How dare you, sir?"  Yes, they have some stuff that won't cut the muster.  But there are many more diamonds in the rough than not.  Want some Ralph Lauren sheets?  Home Goods has them.  Jonathan Adler fan? Yep - they carry his stuff too.  The point is, Home Goods has a little something for everyone.  And this particular location is the place to be.I'm assuming that because it's the newest Vegas locale,  they're getting lots of corporate support.  The shelves are well stocked, well organized, and there are smiling, helpful staff members around every corner.  The crew knows their store very well and they're knowledgable about their inventory.  The checkout process was also very friendly and very fast.  And the place is absolutely spotless!  Kudos to the management at this location!If you're a closet interior decorator like me, than you know that Home Goods is the first place you go when looking for that perfect piece.  Whether your looking for contemporary, classic, modern, or even haute couture, you'll be sure to find it here.
4	I first fell in love with homegoods when I moved into my first apartment some years ago, right after that "holy shit I have no bed sheets/ towels/ front door mat/ non-plastic utensils" feeling sets in.  If you've never been they have nearly every sort of home decor item (candles, paintings, picture frames), every thing to set up a kitchen (plates, silverware, pots and pans, and even "gourmet" (I "" because I don't really trust food stuffs from a discount home store) non refrigerated foods and seasonings, bed and bath linens, and a smaller selection of home organization and cleaning products.  As far as brands go I would say I recognize about 40-50% of the brands they have like DNKY, Ralph Lauren, Le Cruset, Oneda, Yankee Candle co., Nicole Miller Etc. About 80% of things are good value (I recently got a set of 550 thread count king sheets for $40!), But some of the stuff (usually unknown brand decor items) are a bit more than I would pay in a regular store... But maybe I can chock it up to its not my style haha I really like this shop, when it was first opened I felt like it was really picked over, so i held off writing a review... and now 2 months later their stock has replenished and its great! Go in with an open mind... you might not find sea foam green bath towels with embroidered seahorses.... but you'll find something to fit the bill.
