5	Great sandwiches, fresh, economical.  Authentic Charlotte without pretense.
4	Nice neighborhood place that is part of my staple diet.  Friendly staff and very affordable. Lots of sub combinations to choose from.  Compared to other sub shops, this is my favorite.
4	One of my secret addictions, especially on road trips, is the veggie patty sub from Subway. I hate hitting the 'way if I don't have to, so I was happy as hell to discover this sub place, right down the road, that has not one, not two, but THREE veg sub options, including a garden burger sub! Dude, no way!Wait, it's the same price?Um, I can get hummus as a side, or in a wrap, if I want?Wait, you have a Eggplant Parm sub too?! How long have these guys been here? 20 years? I definitely had a moment of realization and embarrasment surrounded by the eclectic group of regulars patiently awaiting their subs when Dude #1 had to tell me what to do with my ticket. But I got it now, and will be back, often. Maybe I'll even think ahead and pick up a to go order next time a long, hungry road trip looms. Yeehaw.
4	The Hummus wrap at Sub Station II is by far, hands down, the best hummus wrap in the area. The bread is also fresh. For the life of me, I have no idea why people go to the Subway that is near it. It is a hangover cure. It is cheap. They have Dr Brown's root beer. AND my dogs are happily posted on the wall (the Christmas chihuahuas- one is the devil and one is the angel).
4	Goodbye forever Subway. Why would you want to go anywhere else after having a sandwich from here? Love me some Sub Station. Never have I had a bad sandwich here. Meat & breads are always very fresh, meat sliced when ordered. Have some very good hot subs too.It is a little more expensive than other sandwich places, but you get what you pay for. Its worth it to me. Consistency is also a huge plus, you can always count on leaving full without eating crap!Staff is always helpful, and friendly, which is hard to find at "quick food" places.
4	These folks serve up some good food, and they have a very broad menu,  primarily salads and sandwiches. The ingredients are fresh and tasty, and the portions are nice. The crusty sub rolls are so good that I buy them separately for use at home - they freeze very well. They have daily specials and combos that are a good value. The hot dog is enormous - it is actually served in a small sub roll rather than a hot dog bun. All the sandwiches are very good, and their chef salad is one of my favorites.This is a little slower than fast food because your order is made from scratch. They have a drive-thru, as well. Nice place, good value, great service.
4	A neighborhood stalwart and a gem (21 years strong, I am told).  I love this place if no no other reason than meats and cheeses are not sliced until ordered and their staff are not faux "sandwich artists" programmed to put exactly 3 tomato slices and 4 pickles on my six-inch sub.  Veggie friends will love the options here (don't skip the hummus!), but carnivores have the appreciate the fact that there are something like 60 different subs to choose from.  I even love their outmoded ticket system where the cashier has to hit a button on their register to print out what extras you want on your sub.  It's like a flash back to the mid 80s.Though it's at the dead-end of a strip mall that needed an update about 10 years ago, make no mistake that this sub shop is well-loved by the local community.  They have a community board where locals can put up a business card or pictures of their family pets.  If nothing else, this is a perfect distraction while you wait for your sub to be made.  So yeah, it's a sub shop, much like the dozens you've seen before, but here's a local business that's tied into the community and makes a solidly consistent product.  And oh yeah, free wi-fi!
5	HANDS DOWN favorite place to get a sub! Meat, cheese, and other ingredients always fresh and tasty; I love the sweet tea; and every time I come here the staff is always nice. No complaints!UPDATE: They're called Sandwich Max now...and I havent had a chance to go back since they've changed the name, so a follow up will come after that!
2	This Substation II used to be my favorite place to grab a quick bite... but this past year I've been really disappointed. Either my tastes have improved or the quality has gone downhill.The hummus wrap used to be my jam, but lately it's been bland and water-ed down tasting... maybe it's the iceburg lettuce? I do really still like the quality and quantity of the hummus and feta they add, but it seems the other toppings/condiments are lacking in quality.Recently I placed a take out order. Decided to try the 3-cheese veggie sub instead. They totally botched our order. Half of the toppings I asked for weren't there, and things like tomato that I requested be excluded were in abundance... UGH!  The quality of the sliced cheeses were yummy, but the wheat roll was dry and overwhelmed all the toppings.What's going on here?
3	Probably one of the better locations in Charlotte for this sandwich chain.  I don't know that there are bad choices on this menu.  None are 'the best thing I've ever eaten', but all are pretty darn good quality and are recommended.  There is plenty of seating in this location and the area stays very clean.  I think I still prefer the bread from the Independence/485 location, but that location doesn't have wheat and this one has the good dark brown wheat bread.It's definitely one
5	Number 19 All the way everyday!  Can't beat this spot for a consistent high quality lunch at a great price.  Always fresh sandwich with awesome bread in a clean environment. To top it off the service is fast and friendly!
4	Right next to VisArt, I've been meaning to try them for awhile now and finally did a few days ago. It's a unassuming place inside but I was pleasantly surprised by their sandwich special. So much so that I went back again the next day for lunch. Definitely worth a try.Note: They're called "Sandwich Max" now... not the "Sub Station II".
5	Great Subs!
