4	When we lived in Arizona, we came to this bar frequently during football season (as we are Eagles fans and needed to watch them somewhere with a satellite).  The food is pretty standard bar food, but there were lots of TVs, both indoors and outdoors.  They have the waitresses all hooched out, but we always received fantastic service.  Food is not overly memorable, but I did like:Cajun Chicken Salad ($7.25) - Just like it sounds, and I would get the fat-free tomato basil dressing.The Big Club ($7.25) - With fries.  Pretty good club.
1	I know it was after lunch on a Sunday, but I was totally not impressed with this place.  You have to know something is wrong when everyone is sitting at the bar and stares at you while you walk in.  No one greeted us and we figured right then and there not a good place for lunch.  Bad service is sooo not cool.
3	Baseline Sports bar is not a bad place to hang out. I've been there twice and would probably go there again, but with the following expectations in mind:** A friend and I have been mislead on the price of pitchers twice now and ended up with a bill twice as much as what we were expecting** Service can be slow and I've experienced some forgetful staffOn the plus side though the place is very clean and well kept. Additionally, they have some good bar food. It's also a great place to watch a football game or an MMA fight.
4	Would be the best dive bar in tempe if Doc and Eddy's wasn't around (and walking/crawling distance from my place). Most nights baseline is pretty empty and a great place for a few drinks and laughs with friends without too many other people around. On fight night though get here at least 45min early as the place gets packed and even though they have tons of tv's the layout isn't the best for a huge crowd.I have to say as far as bar food goes this place is up near the top with the chicken parm melt being something that I actually will have a craving for once in awhile. The only food that isn't up to par is the Queso as it is just nacho cheese with chopped tomato and jalepeno. As for drinks I have never really had a problem with anything the one time my buddy and i did get one slightly weak we walked up to Eva the bartender and asked for it stiffer-MISTAKE- but in the best way possible as she loaded up the captain in our captain and cokes and did so till i had to ask her to stop so that I could get over my sea legs. Otherwise the drinks are decently priced(even rounds of shots and bombers) and well mixed.On nights when it's time to just hang out in a more sedate bar and have a good conversation and maybe a bite to eat this is the place for me.
1	First clue: afternoon of the Final Four and this sports bar wasn't crowded. Second clue: in a group of 9 at least 3 people were asked for their drink orders multiple times. They ordered water. Forty-five minutes after arriving one of our group still hadn't received his food. Almost everyone else was done. He ordered a salad. Our waitress had disappeared by now.  So one of our group got up and found another waitress and got the salad.  30 minutes later, when it was time to pay, we saw the waitress had exercised her menu-mentioned discretion to charge a 20% gratuity.  Probably (and accurately) sensing she had no chance of making that much on her merits.There's nothing special about this sports bar unless you consider slow service and the usage of buffalo sauce to make things spicy as special.  The TVs are old, none were on a HD feed, the service was lousy, the food was bad and overpriced.  Money is better spent just a few doors down at My Big Fat Greek Express.
3	1st review here...  3 stars means "a-ok" and that what this place is.Nothing fancy but at least the bar is clean and the wait staff is attentive.  If your looking for a local sports bar, this is the best with in walking distance of  mill/baseline.  Lots of TVs in viewing range of most of the seats.  However, this place is lacking in the HD department.  Lots of older, fading, rear projection models do not make up for a few well placed HD panels IMO.  Good variety of channels showing.  They did not have the MLB package and its June so... not much else to watch.Food was ok, maybe even a-ok.  The best appetizer has to be the fried mac n cheese bites.  Quesadillas not great, but after a few drinks they sure hit the spot.Shuffle board and golden tee live available.
2	Went there around midnight on a Saturday night (10/09/10).  There was a group of about 6-7 college guys hanging out in the corner, balancing drinks on their friends head who was asleep on the table.  Other than them, the bar was completely empty.The guy behind the bar was either helping himself to all the booze he could drink all night or needs to be drug tested.  He was a complete jerk and seemed like he was on something.  There were no other staff that I saw.  A group of girls came in about 30 mins after us and instead of sitting at the bar, they sat at a table.  Instead of going up to their table to take their orders, the bartender just yelled across the room and asked what they wanted.  If you are looking for a low key dive bar I guess this would be your kinda place.  They do have a shuffle board table which was fun.  But this is very much not a social scene hangout.
3	The Good: They advertise free Wi-Fi and once you can track down the password, it performs admirably. And the bartender was very helpful in getting me online.The Bad: The Thai Chicken Wrap was neither Thai nor Chicken.The Ugly: Too much Dave Matthews. Update your juke, brah!Baseline Sports Bar gets 3 stars because it is what it is and pretends to be nothing more. If you want a sandwich and a pint after the softball game you could do a heckuva lot worse.
3	Fried mac and cheese.. yum
4	Working so close to this place is a blessing and a curse.  The service can be slow during lunch, but the food is worth it.  Great burgers and even better fries.  Drinks are not expensive and they don't hold back on the alcohol in the mixed drinks.
1	5 Words:Avoid This Like The Plague.This was a terrible experience.  I came here with a couple of friends one night, and it was completely awful.I don't even know what alcohol they were using, but it was nothing I recognized... It was probably some bottom shelf liquor from the nearest gas station.The bartender had no idea what we were asking for.  One of my friends asked for a dirty martini, and he mixed up a drink that looked like a Coke and Rum.  Needless to say, we did not stay long.Do not come here if you are looking for a good time.
3	Quick update on a previous review that I did.I went back here two nights ago, right after I wrote my original review.  I wanted to see if the place had changed.It turns out that I had a decent time.  The bartender knew exactly what I wanted, and the food options that I saw were not too bad.  Now, it still was a little bit dirty, so I'm only going to give this a three stars.  It certainly does it's job if you are looking for a drink.
1	A lot has changed and this place is less of a sports bar and more of a biker bar. Food is still bad, service sucks and is'nt worth a visit.
5	Baseline sports bar, well its a nice bar with a huge screen to view sports and events.  Lately it has become a biker hangout but with class.  They have lots of cool events going on during the weekends like bike stunts, girls wrestling in a pool of noodles (whoo hoooo!) and Ive witnessed a few MMA matches going on outside with a cage set up.  Overall i think its a cool place. I havent had the chance to try alot on the menu. and ive only had a few pitchers of beer..    I may be back to try it out again.I had the chance to go out again on Tuesday nights but just now had the chance to write a review.  WOW , free dinner and good food , plus a showing of Sons of Anarchy, whoa you cannot beat that with a stick.  The cook/chef comes out and announces his dishes, and boy every time ive gone its been Delicious and they have introduced my pallet to new foods. many are simple dishes made with a twist of Fabulous!  The bar itself is clean, full of cool people and again during the weekends its get loud , crazy and fun.  I dont drink anymore, but boy can I eat!  This place is definitely keeping up with being "The best bar in Tempe" and Im glad I keep going back.  The staff is great and any time my Dad comes in from California he always says, lets go to The Baseline Sports bar.  without a doubt he knows a good place once he recieves great customer service along with good food and beer.  Cheers.
1	This place went from being a decent sports bar to a place where bikers hang out. The management has adapted to the new crowd and changed their bar slogan to "Represent Mother F****" Not a great place, feels more like a private club you're waking into that you weren't invited to. Shame for what used to be a nice neighborhood spot.
5	Dude this place is the shit! The fastest way to ruin your business is to mix "scary bikers" with sports bar patrons. Guess what? Everyone just wants to have a good time and a couple cocktails. I have been coming here for over 2 years and I yet to see any type of confrontation. From coming here every Tuesday, where they feed you for free while featuring the show "Sons of Anarchy" theater style. (The owner rides a motorcylce after all, that's where "Represent MotherFucker" came from I'm told) Even coming here Sundays for football! It's a lot of fun and the best thing about it is Baseline Sportsbar is a family owned and operated bar. The girls are really cool, and each have their own style. Don't be a dick or a douche and you will have a great time here! Support local, small businesses who support the community. P.S. My phone died while I was writing this review and not knowing, out of nowhere, the bartender " Jillian" I think, asked what type of phone I had and offered me a charger....that's service!
5	Great local bar! Whether you're a biker or a sports fan, everyone gets together in harmony! The food is great ...and not just for a sports bar. Servers are smoking hot, and the owner is cool as hell! Plain and simple, they make you feel welcome and it's a great place to hang out.
4	I've been in this place a bunch of times and I've always gotten a great meal!  It's one of those places where everybody is welcome from golf shirts to sports freaks to some leather and lace.  The owner AJ is a no nonsense kind of gal that has a good thing going here and my group of friends and coworkers like to hang here!  I LOVE the concept of Tuesday nights with some free dinner and SOA on the big screen!  For game days, there are like 1000 TV's and not a bad seat in the house.  We will be back again REALLY SOON!!!!!
5	Ok, so is it 5 stars or 1 star? LOL. I kid-of course-with the aforementioned question referring to the disparity in ratings I see regarding this bar. Gotta love how people just go and post a one star review, when they probably shouldn't have gone in the first place. Do I go to a vegetarian restaurant, get upset, and then go on Yelp to rate the freakin' place 1 star because they wouldn't serve me a double angus steak burger? LOL. No, because one should not expect to get beefy sandwiches at such an establishment. Hahaha.ANYWAAAAYS. So what is it people? Well I LOVE this place, so 5 stars. :-) I came in, feeling like crap, sitting by myself, and lo and behold-the owner of the place strikes up a conversation with me. Besides being very pleasant and friendly, she introduces me to some of the regulars at the bar, and proceeds to talk about the upcoming planned events for the night. I felt something that I haven't felt in a loooong time at a restaurant. Like I mattered. Like whoever was talking to me wasn't just playing a script. Like they were not moving me through a factory, and getting me out of the place and getting to the next customer was the desired output. On top of that, FREE FOOD. Yes. FREE FOOD. And yeah, I'm being grammatically incorrect, but SO WHAT. :-) lol. The freaking place gave samples of new dishes the chef's were trying out, and everybody in the place sat in there eating and talking like they were friends and family.Was it perfect? No. Was it clean? Yes (surprisingly). This is just a good bar. A bar for drinking beer, listening to good rock and roll songs, watching sports, or just hanging out. If you come in expecting that, and not the Palace Of Versailles, then you will have a great time. :-)
2	Another bar that is full of regular's. Nothing wrong with that, but maybe they should treat everybody who walks into the bar like a regular. I'm never gonna be a regular at any bar (just my nature), so I guess I will never have the joy of being an old man at the bar trying to tell the gorgeous 23 year-old bartender (dark hair, ponytail, sleeve of tats) about my pathetic day at ole construction site or my latest doctor's appointment. Being a regular just means that those hot bartenders have to listen to your crap, but if you think they really care, then I got some oceanfront land in Arizona to sell you. This is definetly leaning towards a biker bar as magazines about that lowlife aspect of society are present in the bar. Leather up! Yes and old TV sets too except for one nice giant screen in the back. Roomy bar area too.
4	Fun bar that was willing to put on a soccer game for me, despite NBA playoffs being on. The food is really good, especially for a sports bar. Order the buffalo chicken wrap, you won't be disappointed.
1	Awesome
1	One word is GROSS.  From the FILTHY menu that literally SMELLED like it was wiped with a filthy rag... and-of which we all had to share it  at our table as they didn't have enough for the place) to the over-sauced sandwich that I sent back and got a hockey puck hamburger instead... to the POOR service (girl didn't even come back to ask if everything was ok)  Save yourself and seek another sports bar.  The inattentive waitress also thought she could get away with charging my credit card an extra buck and I had already RELUCTANTLY  left 15%  !! Caught it reconciling my account so they even committed credit card fraud. I will NEVER be back to this dank and filthy place.
5	I would like to start this review off by saying that I am NOT a biker.=)I have been going to Baseline Sports Bar regularly for about three years now.  Since the first day I stepped foot into the bar, I felt at home, welcomed, and appreciated as a customer.  Baseline is a locally owned bar, and the owner is a woman.  I think that's pretty awesome!  Even better, every Tuesday night, she hosts a free dinner in the evening and shows Sons of Anarchy.  What could be better than a bar that feeds me for free!?  Additionally, for a sports bar, the food is actually really good!  The place is pretty informal, so you may have to holler at a bartender to get their attention.  Don't be shy!  The bartenders are all really awesome and will chitchat with you or leave you be if you're not in the mood for conversation.  I've seen sports lovers (of course), business people working on their laptops, bikers, old people, young people, families...  The diversity in the crowd at Baseline is something else that I really love about the place!  I hope you will give this place a try.  I really love this bar!
3	Still alot of regular's at the bar and a decent crowd on Friday night. Bud Lights are only 3 bucks and bartenders were very nice on this visit. Good TV set outside and improved TV's at bar. Nachos looked crazy big, but I did not sample any food.
2	This place is not keen on customer service. When you walk in, it has the feel that the only people in there are the people that come in everyday. Everything is pretty standard as it relates to a sports-bar. Food was not bad not nothing special either. The service was slow, didn't know if they had a server for my area or even if they had areas. I have to walk up to the bar to ask for the check after waiting and my plate and beer were cleaned up. I was only asked for a drink once with no refills on the water.
1	This is the worst food I have ever had... and I eaten shitty cuisine.... this place Service sucks, beer taste like cold piss, nacho had a dry meat loaf like meat on them... who can ruins quesadillas? ... this place.... plates where dirty, Waitress was slow and the restroom where so dirty no paper towels ... and graffiti everywhere not visiting again... #disappointed
1	I live down the street and I have been wanting to go to this bar. I am a huge diamondback fan and wanted to go inside to watch the game. It had the feel of a baker bar witch are regulars. Took a while to get any service. The bartender was ver rude. She gave us a dirty menu and never came back to take our order. We were watching the game then the tv went out. I would not go back.
4	Nice biker bar. Bars are nicely finished and drinks are inexpensive. Lined bartender is a nice and easy going gal. Nice for a dive bar
2	Ehhhhh. My boyfriend and I met up with a buddy for happy hour last Friday. He got there first and said he already ordered a beer and some wings. When I asked what flavor wings, he had no idea because he wasn't given any options. He asked for wings and she said OK and walked away and he was left to wonder what he's about to get. After she came over to take our drink order, I was left to ask the guys if she spoke any English because she couldn't seem to understand us nor did she actually say more than one word at a time. It was horrible service!!When I checked in on Yelp, I was given a coupon for a free drink. So when I tried presenting it to her when we asked for the checks she had no idea what it said, so I explained it and that was like talking to wall. The wings were tasty, but had no sauce. Do you offer sauce??The beers were cheap, but it was like pulling teeth to order one. I can't think of a good reason to stop in again.
5	I lived in the area for a while and finally decided to get a drink here with a friend. right when we walked in we were welcomed. we decided to sit at the bar and ordered drinks.I personally enjoy their selection of beer, the typical size selection for a dive bar. they had pool, dart shuffle board. they also have plenty of TV's if you want to enjoy the game. the food was awesome. it was cooked well and tasted awesome. The bar tender was nice and struck up conversation with us and all the others in the area. all in all, a great experience!
5	This is easily the BEST SPORTS BAR in the Tempe area. Yes, it's dark. Yes, it's a bit of a dive, but the servers are fantastic, Brittany in particular. And the wings. THE WINGS. Not to mention the very reasonable prices. You won't be disappointed. Lived here for the last 6 months, spent the first 2 months trying to find a place to watch football. THIS is your spot.
