5	This is my favorite venue--we've held two events here, and I've attended another four.As an attendee, it's clean, bright, FREE parking, good food, constantly refreshed coffee and beverages, and good layout.  I love it.  As a planner, it's a good deal for what you get, and it's a well managed event end to end.  Conference staff are easy to work with, flexible, and they are there to support you.  IT works and it works well. it's a great facility, food, service, and staff.  Good open expo area too, if you have vendors, advice--do not use a separate room if you have a lot of vendors--put them in the main ballroom, and/or the vestibule, not in any other room.  Vendors like to be showcased and have traffic, not shuttled off to a low traffic low visibility area --regardless of any price savings.
3	I attended a class here as a student.  The parking is great.  The location is great.  The facility is spacious, new and clean.  The food was SUPREME.  Almost TOO GOOD!  Everyone was complaining about gaining weight during the class.  My only complaint was that the staff was a little snippy with me when I asked about the wireless.  Apparently it's an extra charge my teacher didn't pay for us, but hey, that's not my fault.  Plus on Friday they were kicking us out of the room exactly at 5 p.m.  Normally I wouldn't mind, who doesn't want to get out of class early or on time on Friday, but it was a great class and we would've liked to finish up our discussion.  If they had let our instructor know in advance that they needed him out quickly earlier in the day I'm sure he would've time managed to have more time for discussion and wrap up at the end, but they didn't let him know until 10 til that he had to be out promptly at 5 p.m.However we all started helping him pick up the room and the staff lady did say then, Oh I'll do all that.  So she was pretty nice over all, but I would've liked just a wee bit more politeness from the staff as a student in a class there. but overall I would go back again and would consider looking into the place if I were holding an event.  I would recommend it to event planners.  And if I see a class is being held there, I will find the class more attractive!  :-)
4	Spend my 2nd Saturday at this facility for an Arizona K-12 Center event. This place is very clean, facilities are well kept and the food is always good!  One thing I appreciate is the fact that the temperature is kept pretty comfortable.  I have been to conferences and such at which the rooms are usually FREEZING!  The friendly wait staff is always walking around to make sure food is kept full and clearing tables.
5	Out of all the places I've ever attended a conference, this one is top notch! Facility is nice and clean, staff is friendly and the food/beverage supply is endless! The food is really awesome (they feed you every 2 hours) and I always get my fill when I come here. Conference rooms/space are very spacious and nice. My only complaint would be the location...it's not exactly easy to find but is in a nice business complex. Overall, this place rocks!
5	I've spent several Saturdays here for a workshop to work on one of the hardest and most important processes of my teaching career!  It is a place where I know I can be taken care of all day and feel like I don't have to worry about a thing.  The staff is incredibly helpful and caring.  They provide great food and continuous beverages.  I like knowing I don't have to worry about cleaning up after myself either.  Their restrooms are well-kept and clean as well.  I appreciate that it's not freezing either like some other conference centers I've been to in the valley.  Thank you Desert Willow!
4	I recently attended a banking conference at the Desert Willow Conference Center. It's a great facility with plenty of parking. I started off with the free breakfast and then went off to listen to the baking gurus. I was not disappointed and a good time was had by all. I even stuck around for lunch before I dashed to take advantage of a free afternoon from work.I though their Salmon was really good and the chicken was just okay in my book. I didn't stick around for dessert but the cake looked awfully good. Now I just need to figure out how to attend more of these conferences.
5	I am so impressed with this conference center!  It is clean and well kept, and chairs are comfortable!  The meals are extraordinary, and there are choices for everyone.Parking is plentiful---a big plus!I believe it must be affordable---I am not an organizer, so I don't know, but judging from the cost of the conference, the venue did not add an enormous amount to the price.I wish we had more centers like this--maybe further east in the valley.Very very nice.
5	I have been here a number of times for conferences, seminars, trainings, etc. I must say, I am never disappointed. State of the art training/conference facility. The staff is always pleasant. The cool thing about this venue is that there is an on-site chef...No need to cater in or leave the building for meals. And the food is phenomenal!  They even have a variety of snacks readily available for those 10-15 minute breaks. Easy parking. Easy to find.
5	I was an attendee at a two day class here and this has been one of the best conference centers I've ever been in. The room was just the right size for our class, the furniture was in good condition, the facility was clean and neat and the food was really quite good. Although our class was small, the venue can certainly scale up to much larger events.The only complaint I have is totally out of their control and that is, for Verizon anyway, the phone reception is pretty poor so I'd recommend bringing a backup battery or your charger because you will burn down your power pretty quickly.I'm going to recommend this place to my company for any off-site meetings we have.
