4	Full of quirky named pubs, appealing eateries and a liberal offering of designer clothing shops, Rose St is the fulcrum of Edinburgh's main tourist area.  A lengthy stretch in-between the busy Princes St and more upmarket George St results in a street that is rather like a mixture of the two.  You'll undoubtedly revert to Rose St time and time again as a means to find an ideal drinking spot and a bite to eat.
4	I often forget that this street exists. You see Princes street and George street are so big and busy you forget that Rose street is sandwiched in the middle- and has it's hidden gems as well.It's the ideal place for a spot of lunch or a quick pint whilst shopping. It also is the address to many smaller shops- although still part of chains. It has changed a lot over the past years- but I would still advise people at night to be a bit wary of the side streets along here. On a brighter note, do check this street out you would be pleasantly surprised with the good eateries and pubs along here, which are always popular with the locals as well!
4	Whenever I am in town and need to walk, well anywhere I use Rose Street. Princes Street gets too busy and is overrun with those really annoying charity folk who stop you every two minutes so Rose Street is a safe passage.It also has some nice pubs, shops and restaurants and almost feels miles away from the hustle and bustle of Princes Street. Rose Street is good for a bite to eat to get away from all the chain restaurants in the surrounding Princes Street and George Street.
4	I've always quite liked Rose Street. Compared to the grander offerings nearby, it's small and enclosed feel gives it some of the atmosphere of a small town high street right in the city centre, and the slightly cheaper rents here ensures that some of the UK's more loveable and interesting chain stores choose Rose Street as their Edinburgh base. I'm also quite a fan of the Sainsbury's at the end of the street, which is as far as I know the closest thing to a supermarket for quite some distance.I have very little experience of the bars and restaurants down Rose Street, though from what i gather there are a few fairly competent options that thankfully bypass both the naffness of George Street, and the tourist trap nature of Princes Street.
5	Rose Street just has something about it - right in the middle between princes Street and George Street, to walk along it would have you believe you were no longer in the city centre, but rather on a quiet side street in a small town somewhere. It's quite a shock to the system the first couple of times.Shops wise there is an eclectic mix of fashion, sports, music and various other random places as well as a large selection of bars and restaurant cafe things that always seem to be doing great business.I would suggest however, staying at the Waverly end of Rose Street, all the better shops/cafe's seem to be up that end, with it getting abit quieter down the other end.
5	Rose Street has to be my favourite street in Edinburgh, this bustling cobbled street with street performers along it has a real holiday feel and I often forget I'm in Scotland whenever I stroll along it. Unlike Princes Street where everyone is in a rush, Rose Street is much more laid back and relaxed with people strolling along it taking their time to browse shop windows or stopping off for a drinks or food in one of the many pubs and restaurants housed here.There's something for all ages on this street and there's a mix of a little bit of everything. The prices of most of the restaurants are very reasonable and it's much more natural than the souvenir touting shops that overtake so much of the capital city.
4	Rose Street is a very quaint, cobbled little street nestling behind the bustling Princes Street.It plays host to a number of high end, cosy bars, trendy shops and usually some talented buskers. During the day it attracts a fair number of people due to its good, central shopping location, and in the evening it is filled with relaxed couples and groups looking for a nice meal. Relaxed and continental, I would definitely agree with the others in saying it's less brassy than the tourist mania that is Princes St. It strikes me as the kind of place you go to get a bit of peace and quiet, making it as popular with the locals as it is with visitors. It's pretty with unique offerings, and shouldn't be ignored in favour of the more commercial streets surrounding it.
5	I absolutely love walking down Rose Street, no matter what the weather is like. On a  sunny day, it's the place to be and be seen in Edinburgh, sitting outside on one of the many, many bars along the street. There is a lovely selection of shops too,ranging from snow sport shops to underwear shops. There are lots of really cute boutiques too.Although Rose Street is wonderful in the summer, to me it is best during winter. They have a beautiful net of fairylights overhead to you feel like you're in a dream world. It's beautiful!
4	Ah, good old Rose St. The cobbled, sometimes debaucherous, sometimes surprising little sister of George Street and Princes Street (my inner language traditionalist wanted to call it a little brother, but Rose makes it a sister...irrelevancy really).Anyhow, there's a real mix of banter to be found here, from the section of classy, cute little jewellery shops, which are well worth a look, to the strip of old school pubs, which are the focus of much tourist and pub crawl interest. I think an exploratory stroll along Rose St is well worth it, given it takes less than ten minutes to walk the length of it, and has a lot more individuality going on than its surrounding main thoroughfares. There are some cool wee restaurants too, like The Mussel Inn, and other places well worth trying your culinary luck with.
4	I love Rose Street, it basks in character and has a great atmosphere here that other streets don't have. Being squeezed between Princes Street and George Street means that the street very rarely gets much direct sunlight during the day, which means it is always pretty dark along it, which I actually quite like and gives it a certain charm.The Street regularly has performers playing along it and as there is no cars to deafen out the noise as well as the fact that the street is so enclosed, it makes the performer sound clearer and louder, which is good if they are half decent! Rose Street is also home to a good set of pubs and restaurants and trendy shops and boutiques.
3	I always feel a little bit let down by Rose St, dont get me wrong...its great to a point, its has some great pubs and a couple of cracking wee restaurants but do you not think for where it is in our city it  could or in fact should be better?You look at some of the restaurants/bars and for me im left scratching my head, they get by purely on location and im left wondering...if they were just a bit better how good could this street be!Up your game Rose St!!!
4	Wedged between Princes Street and George Street is a little place that time forgot.  (That last bit is sort of true.) As a darkish back street of those behemoths shopping street and connecting Charlotte Square to St. Andrews Square it seemingly has little influence on the atmosphere of Edinburgh - but you'd be mistaken if you think that!Surf shops. Double entendre pub names. Back entrances to the high street shops, bars & restaurants. Chippies, beer gardens, rock houses, legal spitting on the Rose. Cobbles.Fairy lights covered  streets. A Californian restaurant. Relaxing massages, jewellers, 'executive' saunas. Asian food. Steak House. Cat shop. Dance shop. Hat shops. Mexican themed night clubs. French waffles, Champagne,  Mussels and Chips...and much much more.Many buskers play and much coffee and beer is consumed. The atmosphere is accommodating and very pleasant - not as packed or rushed as its bigger brothers either side. It is a place to whistle, to hoppity skip through and generally feel pleasant. That is why I like walking through this, the sounds, the smells and this piece of Edinburgh that does give you ideas on how bygone time may have been...a bit.
