4	Ive been in Charlotte now for 8 months, and have been to a few places to get my hair cut.  After going to Orange Olive, I finally found my hair place.  It's a great little place, easy parking, friendly service, cookies, and most importantly a good stylists.  My only real complaint is that the chairs where you get your hair washed suck.  They might look nice, but I found them uncomfortable as all get up.  That being the case, your only getting washed for a few minutes, but they do suck.   The rest of the visit and hair cut was fantastic.  The price was probably actually a little low!, but I'm not complaining about that.   It was busy when I was there so I imagine the female cuts and coloring are also good, but I am a guy so all i got was a simple hair cut.   I really liked it, and it will now be my new place to get my hair cut.
5	woohoo - is right folks my first 5 star review!  why - u ask?  because i love this place :) not only is it 5 minutes from my house, it's in an eclectic & charming reno-home in NoDa and embraces the overall essence of our community.  you'll find yourself greeted by one of a few of the same pretty faces when you show up, there are complimentary cookies and coffee right in the sitting room (seriously cookies are all it takes for me), they feature local artist on their walls and unlike several other salons i've tried, this place is fairly prompt and i hate waiting...jay regularly colors, shampoos, highlights, cuts, texturizes and styles my hair, very well i might add....i love it!!!  But i've seen a few other stylists as well and really like them too.  if you're looking to try a new place - orange olive is definitely worth it.  now if i could just figure out how to blow out my own hair the way they do, i'd be all set!
4	Went to Orange Olive for the first time last week. The interior of the salon is really charming and cute. The receptionist is very sweet and nice and talked to me while I was waiting for my stylist. I had my hair cut and colored by the beautiful and talented Maria. She took the time to know what I was looking for and explained what she would be doing. She was really great. I would definitely go back!
5	This is my second time visiting. I have left extremely happy each time. The first time was a couple- three years ago. Today I saw Mary, not only was i super stoke with my cut from long to short, but she's great to talk to. I will probably be back in a couple week to transition to a bit shorter or some color.
5	I love Orange Olive.  Mary has been incredible.  She fixed the color job that another stylist had done and then helped me through a huge hair cut.   Three days later when I couldn't style it the way she did, she had me come in and showed me step by step what I needed to do to get my hair exactly how I wanted it.  I can't imagine going anywhere else.
5	There IS something about Mary!Never in my life have I ever been so happy with my stylist!  For many years I refused to let anyone touch my hair, let alone cut it.  That is until I met Mary.  She listens.  If I tell her my hair has been crazy dry lately she takes the extra care to condition it just so.  If I ask her to take a little just to make it look extra healthy so be it.  Each time I go in, 4-5 times now, she and I pick up the conversation like we just talked yesterday.  I went to Orange Olive a few times before I met Mary, but now they can count me a regular, because I know Mary will listen to what I need and make me look great.  Mary is a true jewel in the Orange Olive lineup.
5	I have been to several salons in Charlotte and none of them even compare to this lovely boutique of a salon.  You're immediately drawn to the, fitting the name, olive colored wooden exterior, and once you walk in you are hit with the aroma of baked chocolate chip cookies!  It's the small little efforts they make that really make you happy to be there and make you want to come back.  My stylist, Amber, is amazing.  Not only is she an amazing person with wonderful talent, she listens...LISTENS!  I've never found stylist that actually does that.  I tell her what I'm trying to achieve and she interprets that into exactly the cut I'm looking for...and I'm a pretty finicky person on almost all levels.  When I get almost daily praises on my hair cut/color, something's got to be right, RIGHT?!One other great reason to go...and then I'll stop, is that they support local artists.  It's a nice change because you can see something different each time you go.  Please come and try OOHG because you'll have a home for your beautiful hair for LIFE!  Love all y'all :-) See you in a couple weeks for my birthday 'do!
1	I want to LOVE this place!  However, after getting 2 botched haircuts from 2 different stylists I have learned that the super cute location and decor does not make up for my need for a straight hair style.  Disappointing.
5	Can I just start with I'M SO GLAD I FOUND THIS SALON! It's not one of those large intimidating hair salons that make you feel out of place. My whole experience there was excellent, starting from the moment I walked in and speaking with the receptionist.I got a hair trim and color with Destyn. She's fairly new to the salon, but let me tell you; I don't think I could have asked for someone better. She really listened to what i wanted and knew exactly how to do it. I don't remember the last time i was this satisfied with my hair!! She was super down to earth and really made me feel comfortable.Their salon is also extremely cute. They feature works of art from local artists and switch artwork every so often. The ambiance and service were both superb! TWO THUMBS UP!
5	So...the geniuses at Yelp filtered my first review of Orange Olive. Not sure why...it could be because I live in walking distance of the salon and my IP address looked "suspicious". Anyways, I love love love this salon. I have had my hair cut and colored by Maria and Mary, and they are both wonderful. I even brought my best friend here who was from out of town, and she absolutely loved her color and cut from Destyn.The interior is super cute, and I like that they support the local artists in the area by featuring their artwork inside. I am so lucky that I found a hairplace so close to me that I love.
5	I LOVE Leigh at Orange Olive because1) she has the GUTS to rock an edgy orange shaved 'do in Charlotte2) she still has a NYC stylist attitude3) she does one of the best blonde jobs in Charlotte4) she's NOT afraid of ethnic and curly hair5) she never overchargesThe cookies, lack of attitude and other friendly staff are added bonuses!
5	As a new Charlotte resident I was beyond thrilled that yelp led me to this salon.  Not only was the staff friendly and efficient, Destyn gave me the best haircut and color I've had in years! I was also informed upon making my appointment and as soon as I sat down how much my session would cost which I appreciated (especially since I only had to pay $120 for a haircut, partial highlight and glaze). I can now say with a sense of relief that I have found my new salon and stylist.Oh, and make sure you sign up for the yelp coupon!
5	My girlfriend recommended that I try out Orange Olive, as I had just moved into the area and was looking for a new stylist.  She told me to jump on Creative Loafing's website and purchase a voucher for $25 ($50 credit) and the stipulations were to set up the appointment with Bradleigh.  I made my first appointment and walked into this charming salon, right in NoDa.  The scent that greeted me was freshly baked cookies and coffee.  The receptionist was beautiful and friendly and took my name and checked me in immediately.  A few moments later Bradleigh came and introduced herself to me and I just fell in love!  She took her time and listened to me about the cut I wanted and we discussed an array of options.  The Davines products she used at the shampoo were absolute divine (I am now a huge fan and avid user of the line -- NouNou is my fave!) and the blow-out I received was just absolutely TOP NOTCH!  The second appointment I made, I felt like a celebrity because Bradleigh enlisted Mary to help me with my color and blow-dry and I absolutely loved her, too!  I go back to my third appointment tomorrow and am so excited!  It is the BEST salon ever....Truly, if you have any doubts you will not be disappointed!!!
4	I have had my fair share of bad hair experiences at Charlotte salons since moving here in 2006.  I've had 2-yes 2-crooked hair cuts (I have a long bob so this is a bit more obvious when it happens) that have needed repair, a really bad highlight job and a trim that turned into a Pat Benatar 80's do. So, when I read the reviews about Orange Olive I was hesitantly optimistic. I called 2 weeks out from the date I wanted as I read that they book up fast.  The receptionist was very friendly when I called, which is always nice. I booked an appoint with Sarah for a trim and partial highlights.  Then the Pinterest stalking began for the perfect example of what I was looking for.The salon is very cute.  It's an old  house in NoDa and I love how they've turned dressers into functional pieces of equipment for the salon. Lots of parking too right behind the salon, which is always nice!Sarah actually greeted me and checked me in.  After getting me a cup of coffee we sat down in her chair to discuss what I was looking for.  I showed her my pictures and told her my story of the lopsided hair cut and assured her I didn't want that again :) She was very warm and receptive and really seemed to listen to what I was saying and the "simple" style I was going for.  She mixed up two colors for me, as I had colored my hair several months ago and it was growing out-one color was for the dyed hair and the other was for the natural.  I've never had a stylist do that!  Right then I thought, "this gal rocks." We chatted about our kids while she was applying the color and she was very thorough in checking on me and making sure I was comfy.My highlights turned out WONDERFULLY and I am beyond thrilled with them. The cut is perfect as well-she even parted my hair several ways to make sure there were no stray pieces longer than the others!  She told me what she was using (the products) and what they did for my hair, etc.  She was just great.  I am so very happy and got in the car smiling-it's been a long time since that has happened when exiting a salon!I will definitely be going back to Orange Olive to see Sarah!!
5	I moved to Charlotte two and a half years ago, and after at least $500 down the drain and 7 bad haircuts from 7 different bad stylists, I decided to try one more time. I read the reviews on Yelp and I felt pretty good about trying Orange Olive out. After speaking with the receptionist, I settled on Leigh (I was told she's very good with difficult hair) and anxiously awaited my appointment.One thing that I really appreciated was that I got a call saying that Leigh was running 10-15 minutes late and they asked if that would be a problem. It wasn't, in fact, I was VERY impressed with their customer service that they would call me to let me know she was running a little late. In the past, I arrived at a salon to be told that the stylist was running an hour and a half late and that I would have to just wait. No apology, no offer of a discount, nothing. I walked out on that one. But here, you have the polar opposite! Such good customer service!When I got there, everyone was very friendly and welcoming. The salon was beautiful and smelled fantastic, which was a big plus. Leigh was wonderful! She really listened to my complaints about prior cuts from other stylists and seemed to totally get what I wanted. She did a very thorough, precise job cutting my hair, and it was EXACTLY what I asked for! I should add that my hair is crazy...super thick, wavy, cowlicks everywhere, and I know it isn't easy to cut. However, Leigh was super friendly, funny and clearly so skilled at what she does that she made it seem effortless to tackle my psycho hair! I would recommend for everyone to come to this salon, especially if you've had a bad experience at another salon. Their prices are so reasonable and they offer a lot of services. I'm absolutely coming back for creative color in the near future with Leigh. Incidentally, I saw a man getting a haircut from another stylist, and it looked great when she was done, so obviously the other stylists are very skilled as well.  Leigh takes the cake in my book, however! She's got me for good! :)
5	Love the orange olive! All the girls are great. I personally use Mary most of the time. They get me in, reasonable price, cute place, great work....continue going there for 2 years now. Love them!   Carly Clark
5	First time here on a friends reccomendation and loved it. The place is super cute, they use bumble and bumble products, the girl I saw - Bradleigh- was great. Gave me exactly what I wanted and it looked amazing. Prices are good and they have a rewards system which is nice. I defiantely reccomend
5	Had my hair colored by Bradley. I'm very picky about my hair and I loved this place...will definitely go back.
5	Loved it! This was my first appt. at this salon and I will be a repeat customer! My cut and color look fabulous and the girls couldn't have been friendlier. Highly recommend!
5	So it was 5 weeks of sadness with my haircut that I got and I couldn't take it anymore! After doing some internet searching,  I called Orange Olive and the receptionist was confident she had the right person to fix my boring haircut. I had my appointment with Destyn and couldn't be any happier.  She fixed me right up and not only did that but helped me understand how to style it when I got home!  I would give her 10 stars if I could, thanks for helping a sad girl!  Coming from Boston I thought it would be difficult for me to find the right stylist, but I booked my next haircut on the way out.
3	tried out this salon for a weekend hair coloring ! the stylist were real sweet and friendly ! looked trendy themselves, which makes me more comfortable to give my hair in ! the place as such is really cool..not the typical salon kinda atmosphere! it almost feels like a house...with vibrant colored furniture and walls !they offer complimentary drinks...they were open by 9 on a saturday morn, that was huge plus for me! i would love to have given them a 4 star... except for that they charged me for styling my hair during the blow dry..while i wasnt told thats a extra service.except for that, love the place, love the service!
5	If you're like me and speak Crazy, Sara (h?) understands Crazy.Im the one that is like, I like this but kinda like that with a little bit of this...but definitely not that.. .. koo koo talk, ya hear?Sara was amazing.. Im actually an introvert and dont do well in unfamiliar settings that involve getting in my personal space, but I just immediately clicked with her. We talked about EVERYTHING. I was so nervous about getting my hair cut and colored. (i didnt know which one scared me the most!)But I was in an impulsive mood where i needed something different and I landed in the right place. :DSara did everything I wanted with my cut and color, and leaded me in the right direction with both.My hair itself is an obstacle... its thick and I like it cut a certain way but have no "hair vocab" to really communicate it.. So if you know what you want and dont know how to say it I think she is your girl.Even more so i would without a doubt go to her and let her find a style that best fits you if you are unsure of what to do with your hair.I loved her services so much I booked her to cut my son's hair last saturday.He also has crazy hair, one that we could never take him to the kiddie places bc it would always end up the same : hyper kid from sugar + terrible 3 stooges cut = wtf, again?So he has thick hair with some cowlicks... wheeee.She did an amazing job... and the thing is he was so talkative with her too.. I even waited up front.. he was enjoying his time with Miss Sara. :)So anyhow, from cut, color and kid's haircut this place really exceeded my expectations.. and Im so beyond grateful that now our family has found our "Hair Girl"PS..i also loved how they have a sign at the front desk to review them on Yelp, Google etc.. I love that they seem to take pride in all their services and not like some of these other places that only offer incentives with "likes" and reviews for future discounts only if they think you had a good visit. Kudos.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE !!!Moving to Noda was definitely a change and with change I needed a new stylist. At noon on a Friday I called in a panic for a quick haircut for a wedding that night. They immediately got me in and I was out and on my way by 6pm to the wedding...KUDOS!I must say since then Rebekah has been my go to gal. She takes her time and makes sure I am a happy client before I leave. I wouldn't go anywhere else now : )TRY REBEKAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Also, you gain points which turn into actual monies off. If you refer you get automatic $10! Let's just say I don't mind a $35 haircut : )P.S: If your feeling a bit funky they have the colors!
5	I'm so glad I found this Hair Salon through Yelp deals... I moved to Charlotte 7 months ago from So.Cal and was worried I wouldn't find a good hair dresser that wasn't over priced! I'm happy I found my new to-go hair place. After reading all the great reviews online and the awesome reviews Leigh had, I booked and appt. I  came here a few weeks ago and Leigh did my  ombre hair. I loved the orange shampoo she used, smelled sooo good, She is the best! So talented and easy to talk to. Im definetly coming back to her!The salon ambiance is soo cozy. The girl at the  front desk is friendly with great customer service and they have complimentary chocolate chip cookies & drinks while you're there.
5	I recently moved to the area and finally had to take up the terrifying task of finding a new stylist. Enter Yelp - I checked out a few of the top rated places and decided to make my appointment for a drastic cut and color at the Orange Olive Hair Gallery.My appointment was with Jessica. She was fantastic - one of the most talented stylists I've encountered. She's confident and creative. My cut and color are amazing, and I look forward to many more appointments at the Orange Olive soon!
5	This place is awesome. It is relaxed yet modern. Everyone is really nice. I had a morning appointment and they provided the coffee. :) I have had people chop up my hair before. Not so with this place. I have tried two different stylist and both were amazing. I will be going back for color! My hair:Curly, long, thick, can be frizzyStylist:Jessica
5	Loved my hair and the atmosphere was relaxed and comfortable!  I will definitely go back for a Brazilian blowout with Shannon.
4	I had a wonderful experience. Shannon was friendly and was great to chat with while doing my hair. She gave great style advice and gave me exactly what I wanted. The atmosphere was amazing in the salon. Being new to the area, I struggled with finding someone I trusted. I will definitely return to the salon!
4	I got my hair cut from Destin. After trying different hair salons in charlotte I came across this salon bc of the reviews and all i can say is...IM SATISFIED and HAPPY. Destin is great, she takes her time asks me what I want. Ive only been there twice for only hair cut, hopefully in the near future I can try their hair color and other services. But def a go to place!
5	I stumbled upon Orange Olive on Yelp and noticed the high number of 4 & 5 star reviews. I've been in Charlotte for 5 years and had not yet found a salon or stylist I was committed to. 2 days ago I decided to have an ombre done to my already really nice hair and used a stylist that a friend had recommended to me. After the treatment I thought, "why did I do this?" I couldn't sleep thinking I would have to just cut all of my hair off if it was going to cost me alot $$$ to fix it, and it would be alot of hair to cut off, it's almost down to my waist and very thick. So I called Orange Olive the minute they opened and spoke to someone about my orange bleached out hair from my neck down. The hair around my scalp was still dark brown. I couldnt walk around like this. They had me come in right away and Chelsea said there was absolutely nothing to worry about and she was very confident in getting me back to showing myself in public. I was afraid it was going to really cost me but the pricing there is really affordable. Orange Olive in cute bungalow that is nicely decorated and the staff is very down to earth. I also like that they are an eco-business.
5	This place is fantastic, it's in a super cute house in Noda that they have decorated really well. All the stylists are super nice and helpful and we were able to make an appointment and be seen within two hours. This time my husband was the only one who got his hair cut but I know for sure where I will go when I need mine cut as well!
5	After moving to Charlotte I knew picking a salon would be a difficult decision. I can count on one hand the number of hairdressers I've ever had. I needed a trim and  coloring done. I made an appointment online and was able to see Candace. Candace was awesome! She knows her stuff and made it easy in deciding what color to go with. I let her add some slight layering to my long hair as well as the trim. She did an awesome job, I have no complaints. I love the chairs they have when you're getting your hair washed they are so comfortable! It's a beautiful salon and has a great atmosphere. I've gotten so many complements since I've had it done. I will definitely be going back, I'm even trying to get my mom to try them out!
5	Kandice helped me out, and she did great! She didn't push anything, managed my thick hair well, listened to what I wanted, and was friendly from start to finish.Pros?-Friendly employees-Pleasant atmosphere-No one made me feel pressured-My hair came out looking natural and easy to manage, just what I wanted!-Yelp deals!-Good prices for salon qualityCons?-As always, it's hard to describe exactly what one wants in terms of highlights/color, but that's typical
1	I have lived in Boston, NY, SF, LA and other big cities in this country. I just moved to Charlotte about a month ago and turned to Yelp as usual to find my new salon. Looked good so I went here yesterday. Jessica was my stylist. She was friendly and accommodating. I made an appointment for a root touch-up and highlights. I brought in picture with me of actresses with light blond hair and showed them to Jessica. She confirmed with me she knew what I wanted and started working on my hair. I have gone from blond to brown to red and back. I have been in salons across the country every six weeks for the past decade getting my hair done. I have never gone into a salon as a blond requesting highlights and walked out with light brown hair. I told Jessica it was way too dark and that was not what I had asked for. She got defensive and told me it was what I asked for. I showed her the pictures I brought in again. She fought with me, saying it is the lighting. I spoke with a woman who was also a stylist there at the reception desk. She apologized and offered me an appointment for a redo. I asked if anyone else could see me that day but no one could so I made an appointment for another day. The woman then asked for $180 in payment for today's services. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! Not only is $180 too high for partial highlights and root touch-up at a downtown Boston salon (where I'm from) , but to ask for that from someone who is obviously displeased with the incorrectly done service? Poor customer service. I tried to reason with her and explain how that was inappropriate to even ask for payment but she insisted. I would have seen it reasonable to charge half off, but definitely not full price. And definitely not an inflated price like that. I got a call from Shannon the next day, who I assume is the manager or owner. She left a message about customer service and collecting payment. I called her back and she was rude and clearly has no idea how to treat a customer. I understand she had to back up her inexperienced employee but don't expect a customer to pay for a completely incorrect service. I calmly told her what happened and what my expectations were and she kept interrupting me with rude comments. She ended up hanging up on me. I was never rude or raised my voice, so I doubt she understands anythng about customer service at all. I won't ever return. If you feel you must go here, do yourself a favor and don't book with Jessica. Try only a super senior stylist and make sure they know what they are doing and take before and after photos. Not worth the time or money to go here!
5	The Orange Olive is THE BEST Hair Salon in Charlotte, hands down!! I have naturally brown hair, and I went in recently for highlights to brighten up my look and get ready for Spring clothing! The front desk receptionist was Shannon who was polite and asked if I'd like something to drink. I enjoyed a complimentary (on the house) glass of red wine and a cookie. What other salon in Charlotte offers this kind of top notch service?! She made me feel welcome there and I appreciate that very much.My stylist was Jessica. Upon my arrival, she was just finishing up the previous customer who I must say looked quite fabulous in her hair style and color, it was obvious to me that she was quite happy and satisfied with whatever she had done! Jessica greeted me with a smile and made me feel comfortable. As she worked on my hair we had a pleasant conversation and she has such a positive attitude very nice to be around. Since my appt was after work, it was really nice to unwind at the end of a very hectic day. She was professional and worked skillfully. The rinsing stations have very comfortable chairs and it's so relaxing, which is not always the case at some salons. Jessica gives great head/hair massages too! Very relaxing! This salon is clean, smells great and it's quaint. The atmosphere is upbeat, artsy, and great music in background. Reasonably priced for the service I requested. My stylist Jessica made sure that I felt special and that's a very good thing when you go get your hair done! I absolutely love the job she did on adding blond highlights to my brown hair! It's a beautiful color on me and she did a great job selecting it! Looks like a makeover because it really gives me a whole new look!I get compliments on my hair color everywhere I go... work, family and friends! The shampoo and conditioner I bought there is amazing too! It's by Davines.I just wanted to share about my very positive experience at this place!The employees at this salon all made me feel very welcome. I booked my next appt for 6 weeks to get my roots done.Love this salon and I can't think of ever going anyplace else in Charlotte!I recommend it every time someone compliments me on my hair! =)
5	I love this place! They are very hospitable and offer you a beverage as soon as you walk in. Great atmosphere. Discount for your birthday. Ashley cut my hair and took the time to talk me through it every step to make sure it was working for me, she gave me suggestions for products and asked about my hair care routine and answered all of my questions. I haven't gotten a hair cut in a long time but now I've found my place. Thanks Ashley!
5	Great salon AND art gallery. Super cool vibe. Ask for Mary. She gave me an awesome cut and she's super sweet. Mary's the best!!
5	I have never actually written a review before but feel like I need to write one about Orange Olive. I've only ever found one hair dresser that I loved back home in CT after trying multiple salons.. And now I've finally met another at Orange Olive! Candace has done such an incredible job both with cutting and coloring my hair from just giving her an idea of what I wanted.. I walked in, saw a picture of a girl in the front window, said I want something similar to that and she worked her magic! I've even gotten multiple comments from men who usually never notice hair! I highly recommend Orange Olive hair salon, the staff is exceptional, they're both friendly and very accommodating. Ask for Candace, she's great, as I'm sure the rest of the stylists are!
5	I just had my trim and highlights with Jessica again and I love the results! Everyone tells me they like my hair and I'm so happy with my personal stylist! My color is just perfect! I will definitely be back!
3	While my haircut with Destyn was Great the rest if the experience at this salon was strange. I was greeted upon arrival andoffered something to drink but the girl never showed back up with my water. Today I received a phone call as a follow up to find out how my experiences was and the person on the phone asked me how my hair cut with 'Ashley' went? When I corrected her she acted like, okay sure whatever! Overall I'm really impressed with Destyn and would recommend her to anyone, but sad she's in a salon that doesn't pay attention to details!
5	I moved from out of state, so I was anxious about finding someone new to cut my hair. Destyn has done my hair twice now - I liked it a lot the first time, but I absolutely loved it the second time. She's also good at recommending products for your hair based on what you need. I'll be back, and I'd definitely recommend her.
5	I've been in Charlotte for 4 years and have bounced around from salon to salon without ever getting a haircut that was that great enough to make me come back.After my first haircut with Jess, I decided I had found someone that 'got' my inbetween wavy-straight cowlicky fine hair.  Jess has given me 3 great cuts since and because I trusted her judgment & style I decided to try some color for the first time in about 10 years.  I was worried it was too much (after 10 years all natural, any change looked like a lot to me), but have been overloaded with compliments from friends and coworkers - 1 of whom went and got the same done to her hair the following week because she loved it so much!  I love my hair and will be continuing to color with Jess.The salon has a great atmosphere/location and they've introduced me to some great products - Davines and B&B most of all.  I've recommended Jess to friends new to the area and will continue to do so - thanks Orange Olive!
3	I've seen a few of the stylists here and the experience has been alright but I think it's way overpriced for mediocre service . I was thinking of going back but I think I'll keep looking.
5	I've had two awesome experiences here (request Mary EVERY TIME) and one not so great highlighting experience with another stylist.  I hate to write bad reviews so I am going to chalk the one bad experience up to my stylist and not the salon.  I will definitely go back to Orange Olive.The salon is fun, eclectic and upbeat.  The staff is helpful and friendly and seem to genuinely care about their customers and community.  They have some cool events and incentives (10% off if you bike to your appointment, etc.).Overall this place really does rock, but again - be sure you know your stylist or they come highly recommended!
5	Candace did an AMAZING job!!!! I just recently moved to the area and was nervous about finding a new stylist. However, Candace was wonderful! By far the best stylist I have ever experienced! She does extensions and made my hair look fantastic! I am so happy! I HIGHLY recommend her!!!
4	Just had a great cut with Dax on Friday. The place is charming, they use awesome products, my cut turned out great and I would totally come back. Loved Dax, very personable, we chatted the entire time. I would strongly recommend this place. I bought a groupon for $33 for cut and style, the regular price is $55 so not outrageous. Pretty standard for a cut and style these days. Why not go to a place where I feel comfortable and taken care of?
5	I purchased a groupon and came here for a hair cut for the first time.  Great location, easy parking and a cute salon.  Dex cut my hair and I loved the cut.  He took the time to understand what I was looking for in a haircut and then executed well.  I will be back again for my next cut without the groupon!  Highly recommend!
1	I was recommended by a coworker to get my haircut here. My hair was a little bit past my collarbone. I asked for about an inch off with no crazy layers and it HAD to look good straightened. My hair was curled when I left so I thought it looked find. When I went to straighten my hair for the first time this morning I was absolutely horrified by the choppy layers in the back of my head. It looks like I have just 3 blunt layers in a random patch on the back of my head. I have never had a bad haircut before and now I understand why people say it is so traumatizing. Also, the shampooing experience at the salon was sub-par. There was no massaging or head rubbing involved and it was very quick.
5	Well... I have had some bad haircutting experiences, but it's hair and it grows back... so that is fine. Those days are over thanks to Orange Olive, and particularly Candace.   My hair looks amazing.  And not just the day I leave, or the day after because I haven't showered out my perfectly straightened and conditioned hair.  It looks good everyday.  I get bored really quick, and dye my hair or chop it off because the cut doesn't look good anymore, but that doesn't happen in between my haircuts at Orange Olive.  In fact, I got my haircut this week because it was time, but it still looked good before the cut and looked incredible after.  Beyond the fact that my hair looks amazing, Candace educates me on hair products and hair care.  Now, I know some of you may be rolling your eyes... they are supposed to sell products so they "push" it on you.  But Candace is genuine and educates without pushing product.   At first, I felt insecure... I am a girl and I should know this stuff... but then I realized someone has to tell me this and it may as well be my hair stylist.   Then as I followed her instructions, my hair morphed into this beautiful, shiny hair that I have never had.  Never leaving this place!
