5	Great flavors, best consistency, kept clean, friendly staff! Even though it changed names/ownership still my favorite yogurt in the valley.
4	We stopped in here because of their advertised happy hour special: 25% off between 2-5 pm. As anybody that goes to these yogurt shops knows, you can easily get carried away with yogurt and toppings and end up paying a ton of money. Having an extra 25% off is a huge deal!It is set up like most other shops, with numerous yogurt dispensers, followed by toppings and sauces at the end. The dispensers are in pairs, allowing you to get one flavor, or mix two. The flavor pairs tend to complement each other, i.e., green apple and caramel, so the mix is probably going to taste pretty good. You can, of course, mix and match any flavors and get as much as you want. I've been to a few other shops with more flavor options, but the selection here will be perfectly adequate for just about everybody.Once you've picked your yogurt you can move on to the toppings. The topping bar, like other shops, has a mind-boggling amount of options. There is everything from basic sprinkles to gummy worms and frosted animal crackers. We usually end up with brownie bites and/or cookie dough bites. I think there are some healthier topping options, too, but who wants those?!You may be tempted to go crazy with the toppings, and the shop definitely wants you to. Exercise caution, though, because the weight will add up quick and result in a hefty bill when you check out. After the toppings there are various sauces (chocolate, caramel, marshmallow, etc.) to finish off your masterpiece.The employees were very helpful and kept the tables clean, which is important at a dessert shop frequented by kids. One complaint I have is that the seating inside is pretty limited. They have a nice, big patio, which is probably nice at night, but too hot to sit on when it's 106 outside. They also could use some shades on the windows, as the afternoon sun even made one of the inside tables too uncomfortable to sit at.Overall, we we're impressed by Top That and will definitely return...especially to take advantage of that great happy hour special!
5	You can sample any froyo flavor... Just ask! This is basically like yogurtology, just a different name, and I think under different ownership. You can't go wrong with froyo!!!
4	We were in the area and this was a new yogurt place for us, so we decided to try it...for research purposes, of course!Overall, it is really good. The yogurt has good flavor. I tried the Island Banana and Milk Chocolate. They have a good selection of toppings, including some that might be considered a little healthier (e.g., low-fat, non-fat).The price seems comparable to other yogurt places.The only addition I would make is that it would be great if they had access to complimentary water. That seems to be something that has left ice cream and yogurt shops. I get that they make money by selling $1 bottles of water. It just seems like you would have better customer service if you just gave water to your customers.
5	Best yogurt place in town, it is worth the drive! Pure ingredients, and always making sure there is a delicious choice for my diabetic husband! Extremely clean and personable I would highly recommend for anyone! In such a cute up and coming neighborhood don't pass it up!
