3	This place gets a gold star in my book, as it's the only place I can find to deliver a fresh, tasty pizza, laden in toppings and gooey cheesiness, to my door at 4 in the morning. Man, late-night poker tourneys are very demanding, and you need fuel to win!I've never had a problem with placing an order or receiving it in a timely manner.  The prices are pretty much standard pizza prices, and the pizza you receive is pretty much a standard pizza. Nothing fantastic, but nothing to complain about, either.I will admit that we only order from them when everything else is closed.
4	Free pizza coupon's make this place the best value in town.  What's more is they even deliver 24/7!  Here is the key to ordering from this restaurant: If you like ordering pastas, gyros, sandwiches, or burgers for delivery, you basically get a free pizza to go with it, which is nice for those who like to have a nice hot fresh slice of pizza and toss the rest in the frig for a cold pizza feast later.
3	They delivered at 4AM on a Wednesday night, solid. I got the buffalo chicken pizza with onion and bacon, but ordered it without the ricotta. Not a big ricotta fan :) My friend got a massive philly cheesesteak that looked delightful.Not the best quality, but definitely passable for late night food. Decent menu, will probably try a sandwich next time. Decent prices, just a perfectly par place. You see that alliteration? I'm a goddamn poet.
4	Legendary cheese pizza delivery nom nom nom nom. Excellent hangover cure. And excellent pre-party munchie. It's all about their cheese.2 pizzas w/ 2 toppings, and a liter of Pepsi straight to our hotel door under 40 min = $31. Delivered by legit Italian pizza mafia.You gotta try their cheese!
2	Stopped here the other night for a quick late night dinner to share with my boyfriend. I got the philly cheese steaks with grilled onions, plus tomato and lettuce- which was 6.99 a sandwich. Each was a very light, fluffy, toasted roll filled with lots of cheese plus grilled beef and onions with a few slices of tomato and leaves of romaine. Not an extraordinary sandwich but an easy solution after a late work night. They offer chicken wings, fingers, salads, warm and cold sandwiches, pizza and different pastas. Reminds me of you standard neighborhood pizza joint. Pro: Open late, if not 24 hours! Yay for people who work late for me having yet another option for food.Con: Food seems overpriced for what it is. Not a sit-down restaurant,  the decor is more suited to waiting for a quick pizza to go. Once I try the pizza I'll give it a more in depth review, but so far I'm not planning a return trip any time soon. It filled my belly but wasn't crave worthy for me.
3	The graveyard shift gang at work always ordered from this place because they delivered till 4am. If you're not watching your fat intake... rejoice. This place has good Philly cheesesteaks, chicken fingers, wings, fries (ask for extra crispy if your doing delivery, they get soggy fast), antipasto salad, chicken Caesar salad. My only grip is the delivery fee on top of a tip.
1	How many different ways can you say terrible? Pizza super greasy and undercooked...chicken parm is horrible...not sure if that is even actually chicken. I would rather eat a tv dinner. Better be nice and drunk if you are going to give this place a shot.So..I tried the "new" location.... delivery.Still no good....sub-par pizza just as I remember.Oh well...what can ya do?
1	Could not find 0 stars. Got one of there flyer's on the door and decided we were desperate enough to try this place for their spaghetti, meatballs and pizza. Boy, what a mistake!!!! The food was promised in 30 to 45 minutes and arrived in just a hair under 2 hours. Lets start with the food had a weird smell to it. Now we opened the spaghetti. It was cold, extremely dry, flavorless, the noodles were dried out like they were cooked yesterday. In their menu it states they "only use the finest quality imported pasta". BULL $HIT. If they did, they imported it cooked already. Now for the meatballs, low grade hamburger meat cooked in grease with absolutely, I mean absolutely no seasoning or flavoring and small, way to small for the price of them. The pizza was dry, crust was hard as a rock, cold and the pizza smelled & tasted like one of those frozen pizzas you get from the supermarket. The toppings besides the pepperoni was sparse, a light sprinkling of about a half a hand full for a 24" pie. And guess what the soda that came with the meal was warm. Warmer then the pizza and spaghetti. We called back to get a refund, and the manager (or some flunkie with a fake foreign accent (wasn't quite Italian, maybe Greek)) gives us a bunch of lip about how their food is cooked fresh. After about 10 minutes of bickering back and forth, the "manager" claimed that all his food is frozen. Gee, hence the freezer taste of everything. We finally had to drive to their location and surrender our food (which was fine, it was stinking up the house) and got a refund. YUCK YUCK YUCK with a serving of YUCK. Buyer beware.
4	Simple: David is awesome.We buy pizza from him on Mondays and they are great every time. Great pizza for a great price! We hope to cater from him down the road.
2	1:30 a.m.....3 people starving with not a 24/7 McDonald's around....We have been getting these menus from Cafe Verdi at our door for quite some time but I was reluctant...However, with 2 hungry men and not wanting to cook, I decided to order from Cafe Verdi on Maryland Parkway.  First, I'll comment on the telephone service....The gentleman who answered the phone was VERY personable and friendly.  He did not have any problems understanding what I wanted to order.  He placed me "briefly" on hold..and I don't mean for more than a minute, maybe,I would assume to verify that they delivered to our little corner of the world.  After confirming, he asked what I wanted and I proceeded to place the following order:  1-Double Bacon Cheeseburger, well done...he replied that well done is "standard"..which is a good thing...We don't like under cooked hamburger....2. Cheese steak with grilled onions (no special ordering instructions) and a Triple Decker BLT without the "T"..(don't like tomatoes)  He quickly took the order and gave me my total..which I found to actually be reasonable considering the hour and the food we ordered...and explained it would be about an hour...O.k...No problem....Waiting is not a problem....We expected the food around 2:30 a.m.....imagine my surprise when not 35 minutes later, there was the delivery man...just a little behind my husband who had just arrived home after a very long long day at work..so..as far as delivery time, they Excelled...arriving well ahead of the stated time...Now as far as the food.....My brother in law got the Double Bacon Cheeseburger....well done exactly as he wanted and he Raved about it....Said it was something he would "Definitely" order again....My husband got the Cheese steak with grilled onions....It didn't look to be anything out of the ordinary...but my husband said he "would" order it again....so far so good...Now my Triple Decker BLT Club...no tomatoes....It was a "standard" club sandwich....3 slices of bread....bacon/lettuce/mayo on white bread....Mayo was just fine...lettuce was fresh...My ONLY complaint on this sandwich was that the bacon was VERY under cooked....to the point where I was afraid to eat most of it......I don't like under cooked anything, especially meat....so that was not a high point for my "dinner".....If I were to order it again I would emphasize Well-done/Crispy bacon....another thing about the order....for the price, a few fries with the sandwiches would have been a nice thing...although I understand that the "lunch specials" do come with fries and a soda.....All in all, I'd say....Not bad...Not great..but not so bad that we won't order again...Next time I'm trying the pasta...(manicotti/stuffed shells or ravioli)....After the next order I WILL update...Thanks for reading....Have a wonderful day!
1	Terrible place.. Will never go again. Got attitude from cashier because I ordered 3 pizzas. (man said" oh my god.. Really") took forever to be delivered. And was severely over charged.. I give this place 10 thumbs down
1	I am in Las Vegas on business and working late. I didn't want to go out anywhere and had a flyer under my hotel room door. I ordered the lasagna and garlic bread. I was told it would be delivered in 45 min - 1 hour. I called after 1 hour 20 minutes and was told it's on it's way. I finally got it about 10 minutes after I called (1.5 hours after ordering). The lasagna was barely warm, almost cold, and the garlic bread was dry and hard. The soda was cold, which tells me the lasagna sat there for a while before the delivery guy grabbed the soda out of the cooler and brought it to me. I ate it because it was late and I didn't want to go anywhere. The next day, I was sick to my stomach and spent most of the day in the restroom.
3	The food is good, cheese pizza is yummy. BUT, the staff is just rude. The old guy who answers the phone is an annoying ass, and then when you pick it up, they act like you are annoying them and taking up their time. BTW-it's the 2nd time in a row the old guy who took our order via phone was rude for no reason. He acted like I was 3 years old, yelling "Hold on hold on..." multiple times as I slowly told him what we wanted. With sooo many choices, I may not go back. Too bad, the food was good at a decent price.
1	This is the first and only negative review.We used to order here at least twice a week, because the food was good and the 24/7 delivery is a great convenience.When one of our credit cards showed "irregular activity", my wife and I realized that Cafe Verdi was the main place we used the card. When the replacement card arrived, we used it only at Cafe Verdi. A couple of months later, we had the same irregular activity again. So, we decided to go elsewhere.Just don't use your credit card at this establishment.
4	First timer; ordered off Grubhub. I figured since it was on the list to deliver to me it would be close. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger, which comes with fries and a pickle, and I also ordered chicken fingers. It estimated delivery about 45 minutes to 1 hour later, standard delivery estimates.When an hour came and still no food, I realized I should check this place on my map. It was a 20 min drive away and there was construction in between in a lot of areas, oops. (I recommend checking traffic before ordering delivery.)So I was expecting my food to be in really poor condition especially with all these negative comments. I'm not gonna lie, when I got my food it smelt terrible. I'm pretty sure that's because of the hot pickle.. Naturally the fries were soggy, so I was worried my burger would be too. First I took of my wilted lettuce, then I took a bite. It was amazing!Maybe because I was starving, maybe because I was expecting it to be soggy and sickening, but it was wonderfully crispy and the flavors were really great! Then I checked the chicken fingers, I was also expecting them to be soggy like the fries were, and yet again I was happily surprised! The weren't soggy at all, in fact they were perfectly crispy.All in all, my mistake in ordering delivery from a 24-hour, delivers anywhere, food establishment, was not as much of a mistake as I thought it could be..
1	I ordered the family pack today from cafe verdi and I was supposed to receive a pizzia 3 pounds of wings and soda. So they said delivery was going to take 30 mins so about a hour and a half goes by and I get my food and I open the wings and I have 12 wings so just by doing the math 12 wings wouldn't add up to 3 pounds unless I'm stupid.  The pizzia was the most greasy dirt of pizza I've ever had I called the uneducated  manager and he said he didn't make the menu and starting cussing at me. The smart choice here is insted of sending 30 bucks and cafe verdi call your closest napolies pizza and get good food.
1	If you like waiting over two hours for cold food then you'll love Cafe Verdi.I gave them a second chance last night after they took over two hours the first time I ordered from them. Last night was the same deal, only this time they brought us the wrong entree. Their garlic bread is somehow burnt yet soggy, the salad looked like the lettuce had gone bad and when we called for the third time to tell them our order was screwed up they told us we were wrong and were incredible rude about it.  There are a lot of decent places to order food from in Vegas, this isn't one of them.
1	New restaurant opened in Henderson, decided to give it a try since the one on Maryland Parkway in Vegas has great food. I ordered for delivery. I was told it would be an hour. After a couple calls and 2 1/2 hours later the food arrived, cold pizza and wings, and warm soda! Not even a comp offered. Driver gets here and says this is wrong, I'm going to have the manager call you, and guess what?? You guessed it! No call!! Hey!! I work hard for my money and I am not going to spend it on cold food and incompetent people thank you very much!!! Awful service!!
4	I h e a very love hate relationship with Cafe Verdi. Pros:Amazing hot sandwiches Cons:Meh saladsSlowest delivery service in Vegas.I order from them on occasion because their Philly's and Meatball subs are to die for, but I have to be prepared to wait 1 1/2 - 2 hours for it to come. This place is probably better if you eat in.
2	My food was delivered an hour later then they said to expect it.  That wouldn't have been as annoying if the food was worth the wait.  Chicken fingers were burnt, salad was limp and slimy along with having bits of black debris mixed in it which was definitely not pepper or any seasoning of sort.  I didn't even eat it.  This was my first time ordering from this place, and my last.
1	very disappointed. gave them a third try because the first and second times were horrible in regart to food, delivary time and order accuracy. ordered a mushroom swiss medium mozzarella sticks with extra ranch. when the food came it was cold, my burger was burnt to a crisp,fries were soggy and the mozzarella sticks were still cold in the middle, and they forgot my ranch! Never again will I order from them.
2	Ok, if you have no other options. I work graveyard, and this is one of the only places that delivers near me overnight.  Their pizza is ok, NY style.  But, aside from their pizza, I'd advise to stay away.  I don't think there's a single fresh ingredient anywhere to be found. That includes their meat/chicken.   It's not too hard to throw a chicken breast on a flat grill, but this place insists on using pre-cooked chicken on it's items.. And you can really tell.   All of their appetizers are frozen, and fried.If this is your last ditch resort, then go ahead.. But if you have other options, exercise them!
1	Cant say anything about the food because it was so bad we didnt last that long there. My boyfriend and I went to dine in and were completely ignored. We had to go up to the counter to ask for menus, they gave us one. Then we waited and waited and none of the THREE workers who were just sitting there chatting ever came to take our order. We got up and left and went to maestros where we got outstanding service. F cafe Verdi.
1	We ordered a pizza at 12 noon and showed up at the house 1.5 hrs later, pizza was cold so I sent it back.  When I tried to talk to the manager a very rude female would not give me her name and said that it would take about 45 min to an hour.  She refused to give me any information on the manager saying that his name was private information.  Their only remedy was to give me 20% off and remake the pizza and redelivered.  I would never tell anyone to eat here and will tell all my vet buddies and associates to never order their pizza.  I hope the manager or owner sees this post and contacts me.  Navy.dav91@gmail.com
1	Okay...here's the thing. If you do something, you have to do it right, or just don't do it. This place offers delivery, but does it so horribly that they shouldn't do it at all. Every time you order from this place it's going to be AT LEAST an hour to get your food, and it's not going to be fresh food, it's food that's been sitting around for at least an hour. Everything tastes okay, and it's cool you can get some late night delivery, but the amount of time it takes is just ridiculous. just cook yourself something or don't eat.
1	Seriously, owners of this place, why do you think that deliveries that take at least an hour are okay??
2	Their food is usually mediocre at best. Plus is that they deliver to my area 24 hrs. However the customer service is terrible most hours of the day, you're on hold for half an hour or they treat you like a burden instead of a customer. One of the workers talked to my girlfriend as if she were a piece of garbage once as well, due to them being "busy" late on a slow night. I would order elsewhere if it weren't for convinience...
1	2 1/2 hours to deliver burnt cold food. Just ordered a calzone, uploaded the photo shocked that any cook could let this be served to people. Definitely NOT ordering from them again. Quality has gotten way worse than it used to be.
1	I usually get a thin crust pizza from this place once a week or so. Last night was no different. Until a few hours after my boyfriend and I finished the pizza. We started vomiting and have continued to do so for over 12 hours. :( I will never get another pizza here again.
1	Why does delivery take so long. I dont get it. My sandwich wad freezing cold when i got it, and if i wasnt starving i wouldve never eaten it. Plus the delivery driver was so unfriendly.
1	Had the worst service ever in my life. Ordered a spinach pizza and waited over two hours before they delivered. Called to see if we could get a discount and the guy never apologized and didn't offer any discount. Then we open the pizza and it's ice cold plus it was the wrong pizza, it was a buffalo chicken pizza instead. Called back again and talked apparently to a manager and he said he would send us a free pizza in 45 minutes which turned into another hour. We are regulars but we will never order from this location again, they just lost a loyal customer. This is completely ridiculous be careful when you order from this place it was 5am before we got free pizza.
1	Ordered a cheese pizza, waited about 2 hours. Pizza was already cold. The pizza itself was ok, a little salty. Apparently they were busy, delivery man was apologetic and asked if I still wanted my pizza.
1	Zero star? Can't make a zero star, I'll give it a 1 star. Food sucks, I relate it to prison food. Maybe worst than that. Service is more worst than the food. It's couple guys in there talking about dumb shit
2	Ordered a cheese pizza, it was $9 for a 8" pizza. Pizza was cold and cheese was hard. It wasn't good at all.
1	Waited 2 hours for a salad and a sandwich when it arrived my salad was soggy and hot look like cooked greens my sandwich was cold and my fried were cold. I call to speak with the manager he was not there the guy on the phone gets an attitude and says he will give me a $5 credit toward another meal when I didn't agree he got mad said the driver would bring me back my money and told me to fuck off. I will be up there when I get off work to go off cause I still have received my money back... smh
1	I found this place through EAT24. an easy online ordering app. I ordered for delivery. I waited over an hour and a half for my food to be delivered. When the subpar food finally arrived it was ice cold. I would not recommend this place.
5	AWESOME food, standard delivery time (FREE DELIVERY!!) and they totally hit the spot for late night munchies ;3
1	HORRIBLE!! After waiting an hour and 45 minutes the pizza was cold and the pasta was DISGUSTING. They charge you $3 extra to add chicken to the fettuccine Alfredo and the whole meal isn't even worth $3. NEVER ordering from this place again. Definitely isn't worth the wait time or money.
1	An hour and a half later and cold, over priced for bad service. I used to really enjoy this establishment, however; I've been coming here for years and the service has been getting progressively worse, regrettably I will not likely be back, I wouldn't recommend this to anyone
2	First time ordering, we work around the corner.We ordered two sets of plain fingers with ranch and bbq on the side with cheese sticks.My co-worker, who ordered on the phone, went to pickup. Told 30 min, no problem. She goes to get it and bring it back. As they were loading it she asked for the bbq sauce and he replied, "the person who ordered ordered one with bbq on it." She knew we were starving so she just took it. The fries were limp and old tasting (we literally work 2 min away so they had to start out from the restaurant like that), she found some orange stuff in her chicken fingers which is unfortunate because I thought that was the only thing that tasted good, the sodas are cans from the vending machine, and the cheese sticks had a funny taste. The marinara sauce for them was quite watery, and the bbq fingers had so much sauce on them you couldn't even eat them in public. We literally ate 1 and 2 fingers each, a few of the fries, and a few cheese sticks. We are now sipping on our sodas to fill up because we threw most the order in the trash. Just gross. Don't do it.
5	Awesome place for late nite delivery . I order online two 16" pizzas and received one for free. Food was delivered really fast . Pizzas was hot and fresh. Definitely will use this service again in future .
3	I admit it, I was hesitant....very hesitant...But it was late, it was there, and I was taught to never judge a book by its cover...The empty strip mall....the empty, very....excessively sparsely decorated restaurant.The blank expressions on the employees' faces. The lack of eye contact... The only other patron being a middle aged lady of the night, in back breaking heels...a faux fur jacket and makeup applied haphazardly in a heroin chic sort of way.......I could have easily been on the set of an Eli Roth film... or worse, but I wasn't...And you know what? The food was actually pretty good...I played it safe...My chicken fingers were nicely seasoned....they were real chicken...real mis-shapen chicken, not uniformly compressed mechanically separated chicken meat product... Not at all greasy on the outside, properly cooked, nice and juicy inside.The onion rings were excellent...most joints don't fry them properly. You end up with a gummy oil soaked texture on the inside...or the batter/breading crumbles off. Not so at Cafe Verdi...you get nice, semi crispy rings, thoroughly cooked and not greasy at all......And a big plus to the fact that I was given plastic utensils without having to ask for them...As a horror and film noir fan with a penchant for onion rings, I'll definitely check this joint out again...
