3	This is a small grease pit that is perfect for a quick lunch or dinner featuring burgers, onion rings, and milkshakes.  Open five days a week for lunch and dinner- this place gets very crowded at lunch, so it can be hard to find somewhere to sit or park ( they share a lot with the nursery on one side and the strip club on the other).  This is a favorite for take-out, and if the weather is good enough you'll see trucks filled with construction workers who drove over for a quick bite.
5	The best hamburgers in Charlotte! The onion rings are great too. For lunch, it is packed so make sure you aren't pressed for time.  I highly recommend it during the summer so you can sit at the tables outside.  Mr. K's is a real locals spot, and after I moved here, it is all I heard about from my friends. Definitely give it shot!
5	Crusty burgers,homemade onion rings,soft serve ice cream,family owned and operated = awesome. This is one of my favorite lunch spots in Charlotte.If you've never been your missing out on another of Charlotte's great local landmarks.
4	Mr. K's reminds me of burger joints back home in Chicago. They serve great and greasy burgers and fries. My favorite menu item, however, is their milkshake. It's good if you need some quick unhealthy food, but I should warn you, it's not THAT quick. I've had to sit there for a while waiting while they made my food. Still, it's fast enough and I'd rather have my burger made to order. Oh, and don't forget to bring cash. They don't take plastic.
4	I've had a meal or five at Mr. K's, and you definitely have to experience the place to believe it.  While Charlotte has a tendency to tear down anything more than a few years old, Mr. K's has managed to survive for decades.Along with places like Price's and Zack's, they are perhaps the best place to find Charlotte's soul for food.  Nothing fancy, just  a good meal at a decent price.Unfortunately, Charlotte is much more interested in creating vacant lots and building new and better on top of whatever was there before.  You will find some good food being made here and there, but generally you end up with just another franchise being put up over and over again.Mr. K's is definitely different: Family-owned and run.  You'll want to make sure that you pay attention to the hours, especially on the weekends.  Don't go on Saturday night expecting to get a treat for example - one mistake that I've made more than once!
4	"Here they come on the run with a burger on a bunAnd a cold dab of Coke on the side,Oh, your taste they will tickle with a cold dill pickle,And all of their potatoes are fresh fried fried fried.Their burgers can't be beat 'cause they grind their own meat.Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind....."My apologies to the Flintstones, but somehow Mr. K's reminds me of that jingle sung by Wilma and Betty. Mr. K's may actually have been around since I was a kid, so I guess that's why I'm reminded of the way burger joints used to be. That's the way Mr. K's still is. Burgers that taste like beef, crispy fries with a slight taste  of salty burger-grease, onion rings with real onions inside (if you can't make up your mind, order "frings" and you'll get a mixed order of rings and fries.... heavenly), and homemade shakes. The cholesterol might stop your heart, but at least you'll die happy! Mt. K's is a piece of Americana to enjoy today and remember for a lifetime.
4	Mr. K's is that typical little burger joint that has been around forever and really can't be beat for a yummy all-beef patty.  The burgers are greasy and awesome, and the cooks will gladly dress them up however you like 'em.  Since I moved to Charlotte, I have discovered that I really like chili on my burgers and their chili combined with warm cheese sauce is really the best.  It will drip down your chin and hands and you won't want to let a drop go to waste.  The onion rings are great, and you can get a combo of rings and fries (called "frings") if you are indecisive like me.  The milkshakes (extra thick please!) are to die for.  I usually stick with the standard vanilla, but they have tons of other flavors ranging from chocolate and coffee, to strawberry and black cherry.  Hit the ATM on your way because this place only takes cash!
5	Mr. K's is awesome!  Growing up in Charlotte on the south side, we always went here right after the dentist (weird, I know!).  It's always been a twice a year thing since we never really went to this side of town, but I've always enjoyed it.  Lunch can be pretty crowded, but it still seems to move quickly.  Although finding a parking space can be a pain!  It's just a giant lot and people just park where they can.  Besides the basic burger and fries, they have my favorite kind of ice.  I know you don't go places for ice, but it's the really good crushed kind instead of giant cubes.  A huge plus in my book!
5	I went here when I was home this past weekend, and I just have to reiterate how worthy of 5 stars this place is.  Best Burgers in Charlotte!  I don't care about any others!  I took my boyfriend, a die-hard Penguin person, to Mr K's and he had to admit it was amazing!  You just can't go wrong!
4	This is the second time I've been to Mr. K's after it was highly recommended by a friend who grew up in Charlotte.  The burgers can be served as Big K style (1/4 pound) or Homestyle (1/4 pound but with house spices, including garlic and other "backyard burger" type spices).  I got the Big K meal which included fries and a drink.  The burger was pretty big and nicely cooked.  I actually saw the meat; it appeared freshly hand-made and it was cooked only after I ordered it.  The toppings on the burger (lettuce, onion, tomato) were surprisingly fresh.  The taste of the burger reflected the above and, not surprisingly, I noted it distinctly lacked the "manufactured" taste characteristic of other fast food restaurants like McDonald's et al.The fries were just "average" but acceptable. The drink had "shaved ice" in it which I love, but if you are getting this to-go, I would recommend getting "no ice" since there wasn't much liquid in the regular-sized cup with ice. I got a milkshake; I made it a vanilla-based shake with banana in it "just like they did in the old days" according to the nice lady behind the register who recommended that I try that flavor and topping.  It was great and I could sip on it on my way home because they provided a straw with a wide enough opening for the pieces of real banana.  If you like vanilla you would love the shake!  I'm more of a chocolate person, but this shake was really good.  Of course Big Daddy's burger (another great establishment)  is more "gourmet" for lack of a better word, but this is a different category of restaurant, with a much different price schedule, so any comparison would be unfair.  If I ever need a quick lunch or dinner at a great price, this is the place to which I would return.
5	I'm a little biased as I've known Mr. K and the family since I was a kid. That aside, I have to say that they have the best hamburgers, milkshakes and service in town. Standard order for me is the Big K with mustard and ketchup, fries and a cherry soda. If I'm feeling like a big-timer, I'll end the meal with an extra thick, banana milkshake....gutbuster!! The burgers are patted out thin...have a smokey flavor and are done on the flattop...I like my Big K w/ just mustard and ketchup, but have to admit that ordering it like a hot dog is another pro move (chili, mustard and onion). I love their fries and am not a fry guy...also not an onion ring guy, but they regularly win best in Charlotte. As a young lad, my ice cream order was always soft serv dipped in chocolate and rolled in peanuts....the best!!!! I don't know why I ever graduated to milkshakes but alas...the only better shake that I've had is at Tony's in Gastonia....and not willing to make that drive for a 1/2 point difference in a shake :-)Long live Mr. K's!!!!(and it's next door to an institution....how can you go wrong w/ the L&L staring at you)
5	Great diner feel and cheap prices.  If you live in Charlotte you have to try it out at least once.  Easy to park.  Great burgers and fries.
5	When I was a kid, it was always a bonus when we got ice cream and it turned out to be soft serve.  It was my favorite!  I still love soft serve ice cream.  I have driven by Mr. K's and never had any inclination to stop.  I thought this is a Charlotte institution, I need to go get an ice cream.  I dropped in and got a small chocolate/vanilla swirl cone. I sat outside the stoop of Leather & Lace, I could hear their music blaring.  I was imagining the haggard ladies working during the day and the beer gut men drooling.  South Blvd isn't just for breakfast anymore.
5	Ah, the sweet, sweet aroma of burgers and ice cream in one. Such an aphrodisiac. Even though Mr. K's serves up some tasty burgers and fries, I'd much prefer to spend my time (and calorie allotment) on the sweet treats.Mr. K's is such a Charlotte staple - an old school joint with greasy eats and amazing ice cream creations. Don't expect to grab ridiculously upscale and creative ice cream creations here. Instead, on the sugar front, Mr. K's serves up incredible milkshakes, soft serve and sundaes - the brownie sundae is my personal fave. It's a large portion of creamy vanilla soft serve with a sizeable brownie topped with a massive amount of chocolate and caramel sauce and whipped cream. The employees here (especially the owner) are extremely kind and always seem very welcoming to each customer who stops by. Be sure you bring cash, as Mr. K's is cash only. I'm a big, big fan of Mr. K's and I'm always looking forward to my next cool treat from this famous ice cream joint just down the street.
1	I saw this listed as the best milkshake in Charlotte - but McDonald's does a better job.  A bit of a dump, somewhat trashy scene.  BIg disappointment.  I went back a second time months later and it was worse.  Sort of place was that is awesome if your parents took you 40 years ago and it brings back the memories, but if you just want a good milkshake go somewhere else.
3	Mr. K's is a classic drive-in, serving your standard fare of burgers, fries and shakes.  Anyone expecting something classy is going to be sorely disappointed.  You come to a place like this for comfort food, not high dining.I ordered a burger and fries and while they weren't exceptional, they were tasty enough for a quick lunch.  Two of us ate here for a grand total of $9.  I can't wait to come back and try out their soft serve.
4	Greasy, quaint goodness!!! I visited Mr K's on a long bike ride and treated myself to a large vanilla/chocolate swirl cone for a whopping $2.00.  It was creamy and sweet.  The staff were exceedingly friendly, its no wonder they've been in business for 40 years.  I love a no-frills kind of place like this, Charlotte has too few of them these days.  If the wholesomeness factor is too much, you can always go to Leather and Lace next door!  Or vice versa....
5	The best lunch spot in Charlotte. Friendly, family atmosphere. Great food, exceptional service!
4	I've been to see Mr K several times. Each time I have had a great experience. Eat in, take out; ice cream or burgers...no matter, all good. My favorite is the brownie sundae for scream and the Mr K Burger all the way for my dinner fix. Gotta have the rings as well. Your typical old "soda shop" style place with a few fountains, flat top grills and small booths. They only take cash, but no worries as there's an ATM on site. The staff is always s delight and I enjoy my experience every visit.
4	What hasn't already been said about Mr. K's? A short walk from our apartment off South, The Boyfriend and I keep kicking ourselves that we waited so long to visit Mr. K's. As it is, we keep going back since that first time, loving the freshly-made-to-order burgers, sweet cones and staff that (depending on who's there, of course) remember our names and orders.Although I'm sometimes tempted by the specials (though have never made it in during a Mushroom Burger week, which could be a game-changer), I inevitably always go for my standby, burger perfection of a Big K with bleu cheese, grilled onions and various accoutrements.  So delicious and reliable, always perfectly cooked and outrageously yum. The Boyfriends likes cheddar and bacon on his. We split the fries, which, yes, are frozen, but are always freshly cooked and solid.  The simple pleasure of a vanilla cone to conclude our meal is rarely matched, even when we're strolling back home with them in 35 degree weather.It is clear to see why Mr K's is a local Charlotte institution, and I can only hope that it will continue to be for many years to come.
5	Mr. K's is a Charlotte institution. My boyfriend grew up in the area and frequented Mr. K's with his brother, so was very excited to take me there when I first moved to town. Since then, we have been multiple times, and every visit is a wonderful experience. The tiny restaurant is a greasy dive with the best onion rings in town (as the sign proclaims) and delicious ice cream desserts. Everyone who eats burgers comment on how good they are; in my case, I can vouch for how great the chicken fingers are. The milk shakes are to-die-for and come in so many flavors they rival Cookout. The brownie sundae is also a great sweet treat option and with a scoop of ice cream covered with chocolate and caramel syrup and whip cream. The owner has been there cooking up the food every time we've gone in, and the employees are always very friendly and accommodating. The best update to the restaurant is that it now takes debit and credit cards, so you don't have to worry about stopping for cash if you're like me and only carry cards. We highly recommend Mr. K's and think everyone who lives in Charlotte should check it out.
5	A true diner experience. The food is what you'd expect from a mom & pop place and the staff is incredibly helpful and friendly. The burgers and onion rings are my favorites and if you are dying for some ice cream on a hot summer night this is your place to go. They serve soft serve ice cream and it is very kid friendly. George, the owner, will cook anything on the menu to your order with a smile and a friendly hello. I love this place. You can't spend time in the Queen City without having a Mr. K experience. It will keep you going back for more.
3	Salty burgers and onion rings right off of South Blvd.? On a sunny afternoon? Count me in. Mr. K's is that beloved burger joint that so many places try to be. Tile menus, squat booths, soft serve machine (worth a few stars for accesibilty), and a sense of history: you know there's some stories with this place, and based on some of the restaurant goers and wait staff, I'd say they have some stories, too. Though the lady at the register was a little short with me, my waitress was helpful, and the service is slick.While the burger isn't worth an essay, I was really impressed with how good the toppings are. The tomato was thick and seemed like it should be there, even though it slid off of the bun. The burger meat itself has that classic taste I had forgotten about. I got some onion rings on the side, and though they weren't as moist as I would have liked, I think they made good friends with the burger.With a much more extensive menu (and a reasonably cheap $6 lunch), I think it's reasonable to expect some more future visits, especially since I have yet to try the ice cream. And due to the complaints on Yelp reviews, they now seem to take debit cards, an added plus for those strapped for cash.
5	Super friendly staff, amazing milk shakes, and one of the best burgers I've ever tasted in my life. Oh and it's cheap, too.
4	since there are so many reviews about this place, this is all i will say:first time eater, life-long lover.
3	Cute burger joint in South End directly off South Blvd. The parking lot fills quickly, but you can easily find parking off a nearby street.On a sunny day, enjoy sitting outdoors. Their patio table and chairs reminded me of my childhood with the solid round metal tables with attached seats and umbrellas. The service is very friendly and they are quick on their feet. They serve feel good food! Order a side of onion rings and wash it down with a milkshake and you've got yourself a content afternoon! Now the onion rings aren't the golden, flaky rings I'm accustomed to...they are more of a neutral tan, but held together well (more like a cornmeal crust). Nonetheless, they tasted okay dipped in ketchup. The garden burger was good and the condiments were stacked high (love me some crispy iceberg lettuce). Now the milkshake was more milky than thick ice cream, so it was more beverage-y than dessert to me. Overall, I enjoyed the nostalgic-like experience and I think that is what makes this place desirable.
4	I have a very large soft spot for locally owned and operated restaurants. And this is exactly what this place is. There isn't a large parking lot or fancy entrance when you walk in. As soon as you walk in you find yourself in a tight, but yet roomy diner. Don't expect the fancy decorations or big puffed booths. You came here to get your food and eat. And that experience is worth paying for (and by paying I mean little).Nothing fancy on the menu, yet they maintain an interesting blend of options to keep you coming back. You have your burger and hot dog combos and the daily specials on their own whiteboard. The food is all reasonably priced and a combo can run for about $5.50.I came during dinner and found the place filled with construction workers covered in paint to parents eating with their ketchup faced children. I find this to be the real magic of the diner. A place where the white and blue collared can eat together without that feeling you get in some other places meant for a particular cohort. Finding a seat wasn't a problem though, so if you want to grab a seat and eat, no worries. I can imagine during the non-winter season that many people will want to eat outside on the picnic benches before catching the light rail uptown.The hot dogs and fries didn't give my taste buds anything new to think about either. There really isn't anything special about the food. It's the atmosphere and price you go here for. It's quick and pleasing service. That feeling that these owners actually give a two cents about their restaurant and reputation in the community. That's why you go here. I have yet to try their seemingly famous ice cream, so I will update when appropriate. Four stars for quality and service. Sure it isn't the best food, but it's local and a part of Charlotte.
4	Stopped by this joint for a casual lunch and thought it was delicious! Sure, you're ingesting around 9000 calories, but its worth it. The burgers are really good and you can top that all off with some soft serve ice cream afterwards. Though I do love the experience of dining out at fancy restaurants occasionally, I can also appreciate when you have a good old-fashioned burger place with cheap delicious food and quick service.
4	Mr. K's is a welcome summertime (or anytime spot) in Southend. This joint beckons no need for an introduction. They've been serving ice cream for almost 50 years! Stumble in for a burger or a milkshake in the dog days and you can't go wrong. You'll be hard pressed not to think back to the good ol' days when you were a kid. Walking into Mr. K's is like walking into a museum. Lower ceilings, tiny booths (good enough for one person on each side, haha) and an old school shotgun style exposed grill top. Familiar smells and hard to choose on lunch or dessert! Mr. K's makes a mean milkshake, though. I've been in here a handful of times and always have left with a milkshake. Chocolate and strawberry are always choice. Thick and good to eat with a spoon or wait for that perfect melty consistency and stick a straw in it. So glad that a staple like Mr. K's is still kicking since the 60's. Now that summer is starting once more, can't wait to head in for a twisty cone or a gigantic milkshake!Thanks, Mr. K's!
3	Trying to figure out where to eat for lunch during week takes creativity.  After realizing I never tried Mr. K's, which supposedly is a staple in Charlotte, I decided to make a quick pit stop last week.It's good to know their air conditioner works well... cold air blasting in the tiny joint.  Looking at the menu board, all I could think of is... DAMN this is not cheap.  $4 for just a cheeseburger?!  Oh well, too late to leave now.  So I tried the Homestyle cheeseburger, Carolina style ($0.50 for the chili) and an order of fries (another $1.90)I asked the nice lady what's the difference between homestyle and non-homestyle, and she said it's seasoned and made from scratch.  But should all burgers be  seasoned?  Final verdict: it tasted ok.  Nothing out of the worldly awesome.  Fries were just frozen fries.  For almost $7, I would have wanted more
4	If you want a delicious burger and shake, Mr. K's is your spot.  I tried The Penguin, The Diamond, Big Daddy Burger, all of those places, and all are good, but Mr. K is my favorite.  It's a simple, but delicious, tender burger. Go Try it out!
4	"Don't get a shake. Don't get a shake."That's what was running through my head when I was ordering here. Sam J.'s earlier review prodded me into making a visit to Mr. K's for the first time in a few years. I usually skip Mr. K's because of it's crowded parking lot, usually filled with a dozen oversized pickup trucks, work vans, etc. The last time I went, my friend who was driving backed up into one of said vehicles and it just seemed to be too much of a turn off to go back. Time heals all wounds.This trip it was fairly early and there was only one other car in the parking lot. What to get? Gotta be a burger! I had forgotten just how good a Mr. K's burger really was. "Don't get a shake. Don't get a shake." I decided not to be a wimp (I say that with love) like Sam J. and to go ahead and splurge on "The Big K". Pepperjack cheese is available? Yes! I went ahead and made it a combo thinking that if I get a tea, I will not crave a shake. I asked for my fries to be "more done" because of Sam J.'s "limp dick" comment and they were more than happy to oblige. Plus, you have your own season-salt shaker (even malt vinegar!) at the table to pour on as much as you like. Remembering Sam J. once again, I came prepared with cash but the credit card machine was operational. I sat down and waited for my meal to arrive.Now, I had forgotten just how tiny this joint was so I'm stuck sitting there staring at the huge menu that seemed to promote their ice creams and shakes in day-glo colors over their normal menu. "Don't get a shake. Don't get a shake."Dammit. 2 customers come in and order back-to-back shakes with their meals."Dont get a shake!!!! Don't get a shake!!!" I made small talk with one of the gals who works there, pretending to be interested in buying a t-shirt to get my mind off of my meal that's still being prepared and to help keep it off of ordering a @#$%ing shake.My meal comes and I'm happy as can be. Looking at the plate, I knew there was no shake ordering on the horizon. The burger was cooked and charred just right and it tasted awesome. The fries were cooked properly and were solid and browned just right. There's a friendly tip there, fellow Yelpers. Ask them if they wouldn't mind cooking them longer. I guess if they were slammed-busy, they might not. The season-salt made them perfection. I didn't even need to use the vinegar. The sweet-tea was just okay, nothing to write home about. I'm a stickler for great sweet tea and one day might compile a top 5 list someday, unless someone beats me to it. The meal was filling me up just right, so the voice in my head seemed to have worked. I get up and.....I got weak. You see, you take your tray to the counter whenever you're finished. Then there's always a friendly employee at the ready whenever you approach it. This gal warmly asks me if I want a refill and I just caved. I don't know if it was because of the somewhat lackluster tea or the puppy dog eyes of the employee that made me go ahead and order a chocolate shake to go. I felt defeated.For $3.03 including tax, this shake is a bit on the small side...but I really didn't need anymore that I was given. I was a bit unimpressed with the lack of chocolate flavor in it as well. I seem to remember their ice-cream being top notch, so maybe it was just a fluke.I will definitely be back in the near future, rather than waiting so long again.Your pal,Walter
3	I wonder who Mr. K is, all I know is that he makes a pretty good burger. The joint is super tiny and filled with pictures of family trips and what not along with random things. I like that, full of personality.We were greeted and our orders were taken posthaste as we entered. Well unfortunately that's where the speed tapered off. It took a while for our burgers to arrive and get to the table. I really liked the fact that they grilled the buns thoroughly so you get a nice crispness to the burger, but the patty was just a bit bland. If someone is here they aren't exactly looking for the healthiest option so don't be afraid of the salt and pepper I say! Fries were good and hot, so were onion rings though like Faith says not what I was exactly expecting.I enjoyed the meal here and at a fairly decent price point of about $10 it is similar to 5 guys but in this case you get to support a local business that has been part of Charlotte since forever.
4	Went here a while ago while walking around Dilworth/South End area. I remember hearing about this place (thanks Yelp!) so stopped in to see what is was about. Friendly servers and good meal overall. Place is pretty small, so don't plan on bringing a gang-load of folks here.
4	A truly unique place, at least by modern standards. Mr. K's is the traditional 1950s drive-in: basic (and tasty) grill menu and ice cream. What's more, they aren't a modern recreation that tries to emulate the style: this has been a family-owned Charlotte business for 60 years.The food is pretty awesome diner/drive-in food. With that said, it IS drive-in food (since some of you expect a 4 diamond experience everywhere you go). Grilled buns, fresh veggies on your burger or sandwich, and they were fairly quick, too. Decent fries and decent onion rings, not the best but far, far from the worse I've ever had. A nice assortment of ice creams, dips, and sundaes are available, too. It's small on the inside, but that's reflective of the times. Back then, Charlotte was a small city, not a national player, so establishments didn't have to consider a large number of people. They still have the red picnic tables out front and the booth seats inside. I'm not a big sports guy, but I was impressed by the Panther's memorabilia on the walls - it's more Charlotte history, than sports history. Blueprints to the Panther's stadium are framed and on the wall, along with a shovel from the groundbreaking and the building permit that was displayed at the construction entrance. How cool!The only true "cons' I would give are, honestly, out of their control. The parking lot is really small and the neighboring businesses have the potential to attract a seedy clientele (but why would the kids be out that late, anyway?)This is another Charlotte staple that no person can claim to be a native Charlottean if they have never visited.
3	Mr. K's is one of those places that I've often passed and never visited. Recently, we decided it was time to rectify this, so we stopped in for a meal. The interior of the restaurant doesn't look like it's changed much in the past 50 years, except for the rather odd prominence of Panthers memorabilia in the decor. I find this to be kind of cool; your results may vary.On the food: The burger was good, probably the best fast-food burger I've had in a while. However, I was disappointed in their supposedly-famous onion rings. They were bland! I have to take a star off for that, since they're so prominently advertised.
3	If you want soft ice cream and fried food, this place is pretty solid...
5	This is really bad, I been eating here for the last 3 days. It's soo good and addicting. What make it even harder for me to resist is, I work not even a 1/2 block away. Nooooo I DONT work at Leather & Lace. Even if I was, they will fire me because I'm heading to looking like a balloon. Last 3 days, I had the Mr. K's 1/4 lbs cheeseburger on white bun, grill onions and lettuce. Very simple burger yet juicy and nicely done. I totally agreed w.Jimmy D. on the time it took to bring me my food. However, that I don't mind because my burger alway come hot and bother. Fries are hot and crispy. Customer service were on point and sweet. I will definitely be back here again. Hopefully not tomorrow or the rest of the week.
4	Walking into Mr. K's made me feel warm and fuzzy.  It is just a happy place and I imagine I would have been there every weekend if I was a teenager in the 50's/60's.I don't know if I have earned the right to review this place completely though because I have not tried the ice cream or burgers.We had a couple chili dogs and some fries, both were very good and the chili was clearly homemade and fresh.The place was packed, which is always a good sign but it also made it a little awkward when trying to stand in line to order.  I felt like I was hovering over others but had no choice!  Small ceilings, narrow walkway and being 5'11 made for an uncomfortable setting.However--cool place and I am glad they are still doing what they do best without charging an arm and a leg.  Well done.
4	Just stopped in for an ice cream cone with my friend!  We both got dipped vanilla cones....she got blue raspberry and I got the dipped peanut butter.  They were both delicious.  (And cheap!)  I feel like so many places mark up ice cream cones for no reason at all!  This place also reminded me of the burger joints where I'm from in Upstate NY.  You see them cooking on the grill....order at the counter and they bring it over.  It's a pretty small space, with outdoor seating.  I didn't try the actual food, but if you are looking for some greasy, cheap fare in South End check it out!!
5	I love Mr. K's!! I have been coming here since I was child and it is still my favorite place to get a Carolina Style (chili, slaw, onions, mustard and mayo) burger! I mean... It's the best!! They toast the bun which is a special added touch! I've seen this place grow over years and love the new addition of added seats and now accepting cards is really helpful! I'm usually too full for ice cream or a shake but they are so tasty they are worth a visit here for themselves.  In my opinion, Mr. K's is the best place to go for good ole burger!
4	Charbroiled burger is fantastic. Delicious shakes. Friendly owner. Horrendous parking.
3	Hello Friends,An angel spoke to me in my dream one night saying, "Gooooo toooo Mr. K'ssssss" No wait, that may have been a ghost. Probably was a little more Angelic. Man I gotta stop eating so late. But anywayyyyyyyI woke up ran a few errands. Then that voice popped back up. So I made my way on over to this Charlotte Staple! If I'm not mistakin Charlotte has its share of Mr. K's, Mr. C's & a few other letters. (I remember Mr. C's on the West Side. But I digress)In trying to find out who has the best burgers between Mr. Ks & Zacks. I walked in was happily greeted. Took a few ticks to see the menu. Then decided on the Double Cheese Burger on Onion Bun. Whaaaaaddd!! It was pretty good goin down. Later that evening I was going through while it was coming back to life in my belly. I'll try it again Just to give them the benefit of the doubt. They have an GiNormus amount of frozen drink combos. I'll have to come back just to get my crack at it!!Now maybe it wasn't an angel. Hummm. Well anyway like I typed. I'll give em another shot & update my review once done. TTFN
4	Soft serve craving and it hit the spot! Cute lil drive. Reminds me of the small town burger and milkshake place back home.
4	If you know me well, you know my favorite milkshake is a Butterfinger milkshake. I don't know why...it could be the teenage summer I spend drinking one a day...but anyway, when I want something cold, delicious, and slurpable, I always opt for a Butterfinger shake.And that's where Mr. K's comes in. Holy goodness. I haven't really tried anything else on the menu, since we usually come just for dessert. But the Butterfinger shake with hot fudge is a force to be reckoned with.Service is speedy, and friendly enough. Nothing over the top. It's a TOTAL old-school burger joint and you can see the flat top sizzling when you order. I always see tons of people enjoying standards like burgers, fries, hot dogs, and the like. It's adorable when older couples, who likely have been patrons since the place opened in 1967, walk in and order "the usual." Makes my head spin with happiness.Go to Mr. K's. Do it. Go for dinner or a shake. And be happy.
4	I awoke today, with a craving for a charbroiled Mr. K's burger - so I made the one hour drive to the Queen city.I arrived at 11:30 AM, and there was one other diner in the building. This time, I "went for it," and ordered a Double Mr. K burger, onion rings, and a large Coke - "whoa Momma," as Bart Simpson used to say.The drive to CLT was definitely worth it, because nobody does charbroiled burgers like Mr. K. Also, NO ONE is as friendly as the man himself. The staff is amiable and eager to please. Two open cash registers speed order entry. Burger? Delicious, period.Onion rings? Ditto. Plus, the stack must have been six inches tall. Perfectly cooked and super crispy - yum.Coke? Super strong, just like "old timey" Cokes, when the bottlers actually used cane sugar,  like they still do in Mexico. The small ice nuggets made the Coke almost like a Slurpee - ice cold, and really good.Price? $10+, but worth it. One hour drive, one way - worth it. Shoehorning my car into one of the minuscule parking places - worth it. Negatives? A new employee rang up my order incorrectly at the register, but the lady doing the cooking caught the mistake, so it's all good - no harm, no foul.The bathroom was clean, but it was probably 120 degrees in there. The bathrooms are outside and around back. The men's restroom was locked, but the ladies' was open. LOL. I was impressed that there were so many regulars stopping by. I swear I wouldn't have been surprised to hear someone shout out, "NORM!" The employees knew what the regulars wanted to order, before they said anything - impressive.Mr. K's has been in business for decades for a reason - the food is a throw back to the carhop days of the 50's and 60's, when restaurants took pride in their food. Final thoughts: thanks for the great lunch, Mr. K. - I enjoyed my meal! Summertime is not complete without a visit to Mr. K's in Charlotte. PS: If I lived closer to Charlotte, I would stop by here often for Mr. K's wonderful swirl ice cream cones and fantastic, thick, milkshakes. Proper!
4	I had a craving for an old fashion shake.I have been driving by Mr K's for awhile. It seems pretty busying during the weekend.I stopped in during the week. I am happy I did. The place has the old greasy spoon feel with out the grease. They had a multitude of options for a flavored milk shake. I went for the blueberry.YUUUMMMMMThis is place you want to go for a good old burger, fries are icecream and milkshakes.
5	Haven't eaten the food here, one day I will, but for now I'll stick with the best milkshakes in town. Banana + Caramel = Pure Bliss
5	Mr. K's is the real deal.  A small town burger, fries, and soft ice cream like I used to get as a kid.
4	This little Charlotte institution has been serving up burgers, onion rings, and soft serve since 1967! Still family owned and run :) Prices are fair and you always get service with a smile. The parking can be nightmare-ish during busy times but don't let it deter you.
4	Omg, if you come here, GET A MILKSHAKE! It was sooo good. You can choose which flavors you want, and they have some mix-in options as well. It was so creamy and delicious. Man, now I want one.The food is good here too. Their burger tastes homemade in the best way. Fries were good too.Prices are good. Service is good. The girl who helped us was nice and helped us out with all the random questions we had (Yeah, we were kinda being tourists asking what's popular, etc). Parking can be a beezy if you come when it's busy. But you know what, I would totally go through that mess of parking, if it meant I would get a delicious Mr. K's milkshake at the end of it.
4	This place is a classic!  It's my go-to spot for a good old burger and fries without all the chain foolishness.  This is the real deal.
4	Ah, what's not to love about a good ol' Charlotte staple?!It was about time I made it in here; I'd bookmarked it months ago and literally drive by it all the time. So let's just say I was more than pumped to finally give them a try. Based on previous reviews I was ready to be amazed. And they didn't let me down! Mr. K's is said to have some of the best burgers, fries and milkshakes in town. After you fight your way to a premium parking spot (be warned parking is extremely limited) the diner itself is small.  You walk right into the grill and counter where you order. There are a few booths but when this place is super busy I'd say plan to either wait for a table or get it to go!  But a plus is that they do have some outdoor seating which I'd definitely recommend for the warmer months. I ordered a chili dog, fries and a chocolate milkshake. I just can't think of a better combination! Seriously. Chili Dog: Delish! Just enough chili and toppings to NOT leave the bun wet. You can get slaw on your dog but I opted out of that, I'm still not a fan of slaw. (I know, I know since I'm in NC I need to get used to it) Fries: Dropped HOT each order. They were hot crispy goodness. Just like they should be! Next time, I'll have to try their infamous onion rings. Milkshake: Creamy. Chocolate. Goodness. Yep. Order it every time. They have a good amount of variety of other flavors if chocolate isn't your thing but I'd make sure not to leave without having one. It was a pretty good meal. I enjoyed it and left satisfied. I can definitely see myself here a few times in the upcoming months!
5	Mr K's is a legendary notch in Charlotte's belt - specifically Southend - and is a cultural phenomenon. Enter and you will automatically be taken back to the old days - think 1950's classic diner, with all the goodies.Awesome burger? Got it. Excellent fries and onion rings? Yes.But the real reason this place keeps me coming back is the soft serve ice cream. It is absolutely phenomenal. Never before has vanilla ice cream done so much for me. Mr. K's is an antiquity, but still delivers like its 1955. So pay it a visit.
4	Coronary burger with a side of frings. Of course, the burger loaded and on an onion bun because... why not?The burger was excellent. Decent beef in there and cooked properly. Cheese, onion, tomato, ketchup and mayo. All the proper toppings for a proper burger.As much as I wanted to have one, I opted to skip the milkshake. Maybe next time, I'll drop the fries and go with the shake instead.Service was good. Be warned that they put a lot of ice in the sodas, but they do give free refills.
5	I frequent Mr. K's all seasons, I'm not biased towards summer. Amazing ice cream of all sorts and even some creative options (like the snowball, which is sno cone meets soft serve) too. My favorite (no surprise here) is the peanut butter dream. Thank goodness I can walk to Mr. K's from my house to work off some of those calories. (Who am I kidding though, I'd have to run a marathon to work off the peanut butter dream!)
4	Sometimes you walk out of an intense yoga class feeling all great and think wow, I want to go eat something bad now. That was my Tuesday. And this was my naughty transgression. I love this place. It doesn't matter how awful of a day you may be having... you walk into Mr. K's and immediately feel happy. This place has been family owned and operated for more than 45 years. All of the warm fuzzies. My go to order: chili dogs. Make sure to have them throw the dog on the grill. Love the chili and it's always the right amount.Milkshakes: Jebus. Fantastic. Fries: I'm not the biggest fry person. Yeah, I know. I'm weird. However, this is a place where I will order them occasionally. Translation: yes, they are pretty tasty. The special this week: Sloppy Joe's. Pretty good... but it was no chili dog. The parking lot can be a little challenging sometimes. Take a deep breath and embrace your patience. South Blvd can be a nightmare sometimes. Taking a left out of the parking lot can be impossible. I usually don't even attempt it unless it's a really off time of the day.
1	I got a soft serve ice cream at this place and they served the cone in a little plastic drip catch.The little plastic drip catch has a sharp plastic edge on the ice cream side, and it cut my tongue pretty badly (blood was involved).This seems like a VERY bad idea to be serving to children with their ice cream, so I went back inside to inform them of the issue.They seemed neither concerned nor surprised with this development, and therefore I think somebody should be doing the warning.. so be warned.
3	This was my first time here. We just came for ice cream.  I must say that soft serve isn't my favorite, but it is walking distance and I was craving some ice cream.  As far as soft serve goes it was good. Not sure the next time I'm craving ice cream I will come here though. I will come back to try the food. Everyone's burgers looked good and I've heard good things. The service was friendly and fast!
4	Great for burgers,  dogs and ice cream.  Reminds of a mom and pop place from my home town that was only open in summer.
5	OMG... Forget the low carb diet for the day!  The turtle parfait (needs whipped cream!!!) is the first full size ice cream I've had in over a year and I ate the whole thing! Crowded.... Parking lot was full but well worth the wait!!!!!  A new favorite must stop when in the area!
5	Good dogs and chargrilled burgers. Brings back memories from my childhood getting food with my dad. And the prices are just right. I will be coming back here often. I had a chili cheese dog. The dog was boiled and perfect. I then had a bacon cheeseburger. Chargrilled tasted so good. Also had fries on the side. And the fries were... fries, nothing special.
4	Their sign mentions ice cream and onion rings, but I go for the burgers. The place feels like a diner, but you order at the counter then find a seat. If you can find a seat. There is seating outside, but August in Charlotte does not always make a comfortable outdoor eating environment. The burgers taste like they are grilled in your backyard over a charcoal grill. There is a list of toppings on the menu board, ala 5 Guys. But for a couple of dollars less than 5 Guys, and just as good. I haven't tried other selections on the menu, it's a double Mr K with lettuce, mayo, grilled onions and jalapeno peppers each time I stop in. Keep it up Mr. K!
1	dogs just ok, nothing special and same with the burgers.  would have been higher rating but the service was terrible. made my order wrong then tried to tell me that's how I ordered it.  then the fix was to just scrap everything off and give it back to me. longevity doesn't mean u get a free pass on service and quality.  Zacks or any other place for that matter is a better option. didn't try the soft serve but I'm sure it's ok.  guess I won't get the chance.  disappointed.
4	Honestly, second favorite burger in all of charlotte area. First favorite is Zacks, as it will always hold a place in my heart. But Mr. K's is the mistress. And a damn beautiful one at that. There's just something so breathtaking about the way a single establishment can stay successful even when there is a Chipotle right beside it, and a Bar in front of it. And let's not forget the Double Big K cheeseburger, with a side of cheese fries and a good ass banana blueberry milkshake. We all know why you came here. And it's calling your name. So do like I did, and follow the sounds of your stomach over to Mr. K's on South BLVD.
2	This place is right outside of my work so I pass by it all the time. There's Chipotle right next to it ( the only Chipotle in town if I remember correctly), and I always go straight to Chipotle in stead of this place. And you know what, after trying Mr. K's today, I will continue to choose Chipotle over Mr. K's.I order the Big K's burger and Homemade onion rings. The food is not anything special, definitely not as good as Five Guys. Beef patty tasted bland and without condiments I wouldn't able to push it down to my stomach. Onion rings is a little overfried, and overpriced (more expensive than a beef burger? and only has 8 rings in it? really?). I see this place probably is recognized for its sentimental value and not really the food.
4	Woohoo finally I got to try this place! Loved my cheese burger. Had a BOGO coupon for and entree or sandwich my boyfriend and I shared it. We got two cheese burgers, one basket of onion rings (not the best) and drinks. Overall my experience was great. I look forward to going back here
