3	This was a neat little spot to capture moments of time from an era that I have never lived in.  As I am sure that it is a nice place for older people to come with their old ladies to capture that feeling they had back in the day in their '58 Cadillac after a drive in movie.  There wasn't a ton of things on the menu that I could choose from, so I got a huge bucket of fries smothered with cheese.  A friend of mine ordered a cheese burger and it was humongeous!  If you are a red meat lover I think you should check this place out.  I think that it is a pretty great place to relax in your ride.
4	Great burgers and shakes. Worth risking your life exiting off of Independence.
4	well, hell.  my 100th review had to go to something special right?South 21 I guess you'll be it.  The onion rings are to DIE for.  Love them.  Perfect crunch, even after they got a bit cold.  The crust on it, oh man, golden brown and delicious!I got the fried chicken.  YUM!  The crust on the onion rings were basically the same on the fried chicken.  They were nice and crunchy and the chicken was moist, and I got white meat.  Granted, it's not the best fried chicken I've had, but this is definitely up there for sure, just on the moistness of the chicken and the crust.  I do wish there was more flavor in either the crust or the chicken.  And to top it off - I got a cherry SunDrop to drink.  Now that was awesome since it wasn't the bottled kind - it was mixed at the place, which just tastes better.Sorry - I usually do real well with pictures, but we were all eating from our laps in the car, so it was a bit rough.Thank you South 21.  I guess there is good reason why you are still around after all these years!
4	Okay,  once again I had to rely on TV to find this place.  I suppose I could have just read other Yelp reviews, but considering I never knew South 21 existed...Anyway, It's fun!  I mean, the food was tasty and very authentic for a drive-in.  I loved the ambiance and was sad the car hops didn't come out on roller skates!! I mean, what's wrong with skates?!I ordered the chicken fillet sandwich and it was tasty.  I will say the onion rings were fantastic and I'm not a fan of onion rings AT ALL!! My only complaint was my husband's grilled cheese, which wasn't up to par.  The bread wasn't toasted AT ALL and the cheese wasn't even melted!  :(I will definitely return!  I took a friend there and she absolutely had a good time, so it's A-ok by me!  I might have to teach them how to make grilled cheese though...
4	Good food & good service . Try the Cherry Lemon Sundrop.The onion rings are the best!
4	I love the old school feel to this place. Great food and good service. I had the sirloin steak sandwich. It was really good and I would recommend it to anyone looking for something different to eat for lunch.
4	Always a great stop for a burger....don't forgert to add cherry to any soda...yum
3	Food network.  Good!!
3	This is a fun place and a cool place, but I'll have to visit it again to hopefully up the star rating in the future.  I have the misfortune of working out this direction and was pleasantly surprised to see South 21 Drive-in sticking out in a neighborhood of dilapidated buildings and BLAH-chain restaurants/stores.  I originally was worried that the place had closed down since it was never open when I drove by (after 10pm or on Sundays).  Some research online produced the food network visit and a menu and the date was set for my GF and I to drive out here for a visit.My dire poverty makes this roughly the one time I ate at a restaurant in many months, so we went into this with pretty high expectations and an equivalent level of excitement.  We got there a little bit later than we had hoped and although the staff didn't rush us, I felt rushed because I knew they'd be closing soon.  We got a super-boy, a cheeseburger, onion rings, and two milk shakes.  I really made a huge splurge and spent about $16.  The burgers were ok, but nothing like I had imagined, they were pretty run of the mill and not nearly as good as I had hoped. I had been craving a non-chain, off the griddle, greasy burger and this one was slightly dry and without a whole lot of taste.  We didn't realize that to get the specialty with "slaw" and other "fixin's"you need to ask for it "Carolina Style."  The onion rings were OK, but not that fresh, so I'd like to try them again earlier in the evening.   The milkshakes were also just OK.  The people were nice and the owner seemed like a nice guy and he asked us how things went.  (my GF randomly ran into him on his day off and he was also pleasant... I like to buy food/things from good people so this is a plus in my book).  All-in-all not bad, but not right on the mark.  I'd love to go back again though and do it right, especially if I could go on a nice summer day (are there any in Charlotte that aren't too hot though!?!).  It's a place with history and fun in a city that has converted most of it's history into parking lots, so it's worth a try!
4	I have to admit I grew up on South 21 and have been a fan ever since. As far back as the late 60's did my family go here. I recently went again on a visit to Charlotte and this time it was almost as good as I remember it. I always get the fried trout dinner and it is always great. It was tender and very tasty. It came with french fries, roll, coleslaw and tarter sauce. I have never been a fan of those last two so I never eat them.  The roll in my opinion is just a regular roll and does not stand out. The french fries are about the same as the roll nothing really special but tasty non the less. I also got an order of onion rings. To this day they are my favorite. I will say that on this particular time they seemed not as hot as before but still tasty.  My husband got the hamburger steak with grilled onions. For once he was the indecisive one. I had a taste and it was tender and juicy and the onions were grilled perfectly. He usually gets the Super Boy and likes it very much.
4	Love this place, i go here to get a simple burger fix, i like the way it is served also, just shredded lettuce, mustard, and a tomato. Fries aren't too bad either...have been visiting for years, it is a drive in so you get what ya get! (as far as service goes) Price range is always under $10 if you re by yourself   =0)
4	Fried chicken was great and very reasonable.  Excellent service.  Onion rings are recommended too.
2	Went here only because it was featured on diners, drive-ins, and dives. A big disappointment. The chicken was dry, the pork BBQ was decent but the buns were uncut and way too small. Cole slaw was flavorless.
4	This sort of drive-in is a vanishing breed. Rather than going in to eat, or pulling through a window in a hurry, you pull up to the box and try and get everyone to look at a tiny menu. Then someone brings it out to you and you figure out how everyone will get what they ordered and eat it in the tiny space of your vehicle. Awesome, and that is just the experience.As to the food? Very respectable, especially if you stick with the burgers. Perhaps even some of the best in town, keeping in mind that these are not gourmet by any stretch of the imagination. Just straight up simple hamburgers, and that's the way they should be done sometimes.While other South 21 locations (notably the one in Matthews) take credit cards, not sure if this one does - at the very least, you're making someone walk a good distance. You might want to take cash.
4	The first week of living in Charlotte I drove by this place and made a mental note of it. I actually thought it was closed down though because it seemed like every time I drove by there were no cars there. I even told myself how much of a shame it'd be if it were no longer open and I'd have to investigate it to see. Well after I found my job, I was driving past it every day, and finally starting to see cars on my way home from work. I ran inside my house to let my boyfriend know, and he had no idea what place I was talking about. I'm the foodie in our house for sure... hahaWell finally after being here for 2 months, we went to check it out. Cars ride your bumper here and turning in was a bit of a feat, but we made it. We pulled up to a speaker box, and sat there for a few pondering over what food we wanted to fill our tummies with. I ordered the BBQ which came with fries, coleslaw and a roll. He ordered the rib eye sandwich which came with fries, onion rings and a salad. We got all that food and two drinks for $16.00. That was crazy! Honestly, the food, was just ok to me, but it was more about the experience. I ate some of my honey's onion rings though, and holy crap were they good! I seriously think they may have been the best onion rings I've ever had!! I would go back in a second just for some of those things. There are definitely a few things I'd like to try off the menu, so I'll go back soon, and when I do onion rings are at the top of my list to cram in my face. This place is also different as a drive in to me, because they give you free refills! It's sort of a feat to get a refill, but good to know it's an option.Word to the wise, be careful turning out of this place. I never took that into account and I had a heck of a time trying to turn onto the mini highway here. Sheesh... good thing I've got a lead foot. Go speed racer goooooo!
4	I do like a good burger and onion ring combo and a milkshake to sweeten the deal. That is exactly what i got in a box big enough to feed two for 7 dollars it was a great deal. I will be back quite often.
3	I used to drive past this place all the time, but I never managed to drive by it while I was hungry and it was open.  I love drive-ins - they are a piece of our history that is nearly lost.  Luckily, I can stop by South 21 Drive In when I'm feeling nostalgic.Upon arriving, I was pleasantly surprised that the intercom still worked.  The menu was reasonably readable, the intercom sounded clear, and I didn't have to shout my order repeatedly to get what I wanted.  My first trip, I ordered the regular fried chicken.  It was pretty good, with a nice, crisp batter on the outside and tender meat.  The onion rings are good, but nothing makes them stand out from other homemade onion rings.  I thought their cole slaw was a little unique and good.  I think their dinner bread was very blah; maybe just a hamburger bun?Next time I came I had their BBQ chicken, which made their fried chicken pretty darn tasty.  I had their fries that time, which were pretty standard.  I also tried the cherry Sundrop and love it - what a great idea!  I have yet to try their burgers, but one of these days I will.Service both time I went was friendly and quick.  I seem to recall that they might take cards, but I can't remember for sure.  And they have plenty of places to park and eat, or it's easy to get your food and take it home.I am so glad to have stopped at South 21.
3	My dad saw this place on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives, so we decided to give this place a go.  Wasn't that impressed, but it's still a cool place to check out.When we first got there, we parked and tried to buzz the workers twice on the intercom, but no answered after sitting there waiting for about 5 minutes.  So my dad and I finally went in to go and order our food, which they said that the intercom works, but I guess they just didn't hear it... The workers are friendly. You pay once you get your food and they do take card as well. Pretty reasonable prices for a place that's been serving since 1955.For me, the chicken was a little bit on a dryer side, but I guess I'm just more of a dark meat person. My dad said it was a juicier white meat chicken for him. Also ordered the onion rings, but I was still a little disappointed by that because I had a lot of thin slices of onions in my order, but maybe I was just unlucky. I also felt that the batter was a bit overcooked and a lot more crunchier than I'd normally like it to be.  The cheeseburger was just all right for my sister and me.
5	The BEST FRIED TROUT & Tarter Sauce EVER!   Featured on the FOOD Network for a reason... my South 21 Delivers everytime. One of a couple of places I stop by after coming back into town to welcome me home. A Charlotte Classic & Staple for over 57 Years!!!!  There is car-hop service or you can call a-head and go inside to pickup ( Recommended if your not eating there.  )   Call ahead orders are ready in 10min  even on busy weeekends!  so don't wait, ( when they say ready in 10 they mean it !! :)  They take Credit-Debit & Cash.. Everything is good if not great!! For over 3 Decades they haven't slipped once and I eat there weekly. Solid, safe, & great for the soul at a good price... something kinda like home. !
4	found this place through the Food Network app, that has a list of places Guy Feiri visited... from the Divers,Driveins and Dines' prog...got the crisp chicken sandwich and the onion rings...the cripsy chicken dint impress me much..i think it lacks seasoning...the crust is nice and crisp... but not so much the taste! but the onion rings are the BEST ive eaten to date! amazingly crispy..even when it cools down!
5	Order your burger "Carolina Style" and get the onion rings. Shakes ain't too shabby either.
4	A classic. You can't go wrong with anything. It's just good, greasy food at its best!
5	They've clearly been doing something right these past 58 years. Best onion rings you will have in your life!  The breading on them is not thick and crumbly and the onions texture is spot on.  ALWAYS order the rings.The burgers are tasty as are the fries.  Next time we'll try the chicken. And there will be a next time and a time after that. This place is a true classic, good food, good service and great atmosphere.
3	Classic greasy burger. I got a regular burger Carolina style and it was pretty good. I don't think it's anything to write home about; but it's cheap and did the job. Now the Strawberry pie is another story. I don't know if it's just me; but I like a thick crust with a buttery flavor. I don't like the "goo" that comes with the strawberries. I prefer fresh berries. I'd say my favorite part of the pie is the "Cool Whip"... and that's not a good thing; as I'm assuming this was seriously Cool Whip and not freshly made. Perhaps my palette was expecting something else. I would be keen to go back and try another burger and maybe throw in some fries or Onion rings. It's a decent alternative for something quick and fatty.
5	This place has been open for a very long time, and there is a reason to it. Despite being on 74 the way it is, South 21 is by far one of my favorite places to go. I love most of the things on the menu, from the chicken, jumbo cheeseburger to even the hot dogs. I hope one day I can bring my kids here like how my parents brought me here growing up.
4	Classic drive in joint.  We had an array of burgers, fries, and onion rings.  Burgers were simple and very well done, while the onion rings were top flight.  On a warm summer night, the atmosphere provided by ordering through a steel speaker and having great hot food delivered through your window is pretty hard to beat.
3	Not sure whether to give this place 2 or 3 stars. The food is not bad, but nothing special. Maybe my expectations were too high. The drive-in itself was cool though.My boyfriend and I recently moved to Charlotte and decided to drive a little out of the way for South 21 based on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives and Yelp reviews. We got the Super Boy, a hamburger, 2x fries, cole slaw, Coke, and water. My boyfriend loves onion rings and cole slaw, they are almost more important to him than the burger. I could have sworn I ordered the onion rings instead of fries for him, but we received fries for both orders. I know I ordered a large Coke but received a Coke the same size of his water. There wasn't a long wait, but we had to be home to meet someone so we overlooked the Coke size and onion rings to head home.Upon getting home, I took a few pics and we dug in. I like sweet cole slaw, but don't like cole slaw enough to get a full side of it. I asked my boyfriend if I could have some of his (they gave us a full to go burger tray of it) to try. We both ate and there wasn't much commentary. Neither of us wanted to admit it was a let down from what we expected. We agreed the burger was not bad, it was OK, but it tasted like a Sonic burger which we could have gotten from the $1 menu. The slaw was not sweet and while it may be someone else's fave, we ended up tossing it. The fries were just regular fries. The food wasn't bad, but nothing unique, no wow factor. We felt we paid a little too much for meals we could have gotten elsewhere cheaper and been more satisfied.We might come back for him to try the onion rings and maybe we'll try something else on the menu, but we won't make any special trips.EDIT 3/29: I found the receipt, which confirms we did order onion rings and a large coke, we just didn't receive them.
5	My parents always took us to South 21 starting in the EARLY 60's, I also took my kids. I have since moved away but when I'm in Charlotte this is the 1st place we go. I grew up loving the burgers, onion rings, slaw,Trout and chicken! My days of long trips are about over and I will truly miss South 21. I would love to have the recipe for their breading for the fish, chicken and onion rings.
5	My cousin used to work here when I was around 7 years old. He would always bring home some food. This place is dear to my heart. South 21 has some of the best burgers and a great grilled chicken sandwich. But, by far, south 21 has the best onion rings ever. I go to school out of state now and whenever I come back home to Charlotte, I make stopping here a must.
5	Grew up in Charlotte and moved away 31 years ago. Now, whenever I get within 2 or 3 hundred miles I will make the trip back to eat at South 21. I nearly always have the Jumbo Cheeseburger with massive amounts of the delicious onion rings. I was just there in late Sept, and they still do not disappoint. The onion rings were crispy, the cheeseburger juicy and now that I am back in Florida, I regret not eating dinner there that night also.I have on occasion tried the Trout or the Chicken and they are also good,but as far as I am concerned it is the Jumbo Cheeseburger that has made them a staple in Charlotte for over 50 years and it also my favorite. They also have a sit down restaurant in Matthews that is a bit far depending where you live but easier to get in to than the one closer to town.marty b
