3	This place is bizarre. Extremely bizarre. Take it how you want. I like the colorful sign and my company, but...the music sucks. Balls. It made me think of how much better music is in Denver, Colorado, and that is really more of a slap in the face than anything for a Thursday night crowd. I'd still recommend checking it out, kind of pricey cover charge of 20 for the foreigners/tourists/faded crowd.
2	This place is not for the faint of heart.  It's also not for the dancer who actually enjoys real music.  It IS for the dancer who needs to twirl on a stripper pole, get high on X, or bump and grind with a 45-year-old tranny.  Yikes!A note about the bathroom - if you find it off-putting to watch men and women strut buck nekkid or to be offered various drugs, you may just want to hold it til you get home.
2	There are really hot girls here as most of them are strippers and tourists that want to party.  The party goes till 10:00 am + on weekends.   It is very interesting vibe, there are massage tables where you can get massages, bars where you can buy water and redbull.  This all seems AWESOME and the perfect way to end the day and get laid inside of a bathroom stall right.....until you look at the cons.Con1 - Con-Air.  You can smoke in here.  I am a smoker that hates the smell of smoke so honestly i'm not a huge fan.  They do have great ventilation but you still smell like an ashtray when you leave.Con2 - Con-Artist Cover.  25 bucks on Friday. 35 bucks on Sat.  Yes i am an asshole that went here twice.  Cuz my friend refused to go to anywhere elseCon3 - Con-They Get better DJ'sThe main room is for electronic i dont' know enough about the genre to really judge it cuz i hate techno and think it was made for people who can't dance.  But i swear to god the same song went on for 20 minutes.  DJ'd should have switched it on them.  A side room is for trance i guess or a harder version of electronic compared to what is played in the main room.  It was better in here, cuz the real electronic dancers were here...not the x heads...well maybe they were x heads too, but they at least had the steps down.The other room was for reggaton, reggae, dancehall, and a little bit of hip hop.  Dancehall is cool, but i like a mix...for the most part they played straight dancehall.  The beatnuts were here on saturday and brought it back with some Golden Era NYC hip hop.  But then they returned to dance hall.  The girls were O.D. Gorgeous here tho.  Con-4 - I Connot Speak French.French Canadian women are absolutely beautiful.  If only i could understand them.
4	Was there back in September......Awesome after hours spot!  Everything in Montreal closes around 2 am so this is where you go to continue the night!  There are different rooms but the place is mainly house music!  Had a blast with my group of friends..the place (from what I remember..) had massage tables where you can actually can get a massage, how cool is that?  It's also very big and had lots of yummy lookng guys!!!  Definitely would go again when back in Montreal!
1	What universe did I step into? This place was recommended as THE PLACE to go after the 3am last call. They don't serve alcohol here. Heed the warning signs. We should have ran for the hills when we saw the mostly male line. But my friend and I decided to chance it. Next warning: the $35 cover. Chance it? Okay! Oh, what now? Guys at the coat check are turning in the shirts off their backs... I've seen juicehead guidos do this at PachaNYC but was this a theme party? Sh*t, we lost $35.This place is massive. It reminded me of the raves of the early 90's. I get it. Does the music have to be THAT loud? My ears were leaking blood. After walking around, we quickly realized what this place is all about. Want to get high anyone? I can bet you $35 that everyone was tripping. Maybe I should have put myself out of my misery and joined. Why did I turn away the nice guy at the adjacent urinal who offered me E? If you want to smoke a cigarette, be prepared to traverse a labyrinth. It's designed to give methheads a chance to flush the pills when the police show up.Circus made me want to run back to NYC.
1	Oh laaaaaaaaaaaawd, I don't even know where to begin.  This place is open from 3am to 10am (this should have been our hint) and they charge a 35 dollar cover.  You will enjoy this place if:a) you are a crackheadb) you enjoy listening to the same beat/song for hours on endc) you are a crackheadd) you don't like alcohol (they only serve red bull)e) you are a crackheadGet my drift?  Save your 35 dollars and spend it on food!
4	Ok, this review is strictly regarding the Gareth Emery concert last night.  I am sure that on a regular night most people's experiences might be different.I am not going to lie, I have always been skeptical about coming to Circus.  No particular reason, but I never made it until last night.  Circus is now the 17th best club in the world according to DJ Mag.  I have been to all the clubs in Ibiza and, although Circus is no where near the size of those mega clubs, the space was bigger than I anticipated.  There were two rooms and lots of open space.  Since it is an after hours club, no alcohol is served, just water and Red Bull, so pregame somewhere.The crowd for the Gareth Emery concert was really diverse, as are all electronic shows usually.  The bathrooms were not too bad either.The sound system was amazing! Although, I still can't really hear out of my right ear...I will probably go back and check out a "regular" night.
1	I have no idea where these positive reviews are coming from.  I wanted to leave before I even paid the cover when I saw the bouncers scream at two guys who were helping their wheelchair bound friend up the stairs.It got worse.  My friend saw a 30's something washed up prostitute leading a guy behind a curtain.  He asked a bouncer what was going on and was told that it was a "restricted area."  When my friend persisted, the bouncer offered to call some of his friends over to kick his ass.If you enjoy paying 25 or 35 bucks to spend time in a mobbed up joint with a bunch of worn out pros and druggies, this is your place!  If you want to get hit in the head by a bouncer's nightstick for no reason at all, this is your place!  If you think that Canada is too safe and you miss the "gonna get stabbed any minute" vibe so common here in the states, this is your place!If you don't believe me, read some of the reviews on other websites.  This one has some reviews that are a lot like what I experienced http://www.montreal-clubs.com/index.php?c=10&club_key=131  Yelp isn't quite there for Montreal yet.
2	Wish i didn't come here on a Sunday because i probably could have gotten a better feel for the club but nonetheless it had a relatively late coming but good crowd since it's an afterhours spot. Seems like a place that some undercover "Molly" changes hands in fact in the bathroom i definitely saw some shady stuff going down. I was even asked if i was looking to pick up, umm no thanks bro i don't know what you have laced this stuff with. Honestly my favorite thing at this club was the coat check girl and her massive rack city, couldn't speak a lick of English but she was blonde and super hot. The music is pretty decent a lot of hard hitting dance music, very big dance floor, but i would say the only downfalls are the mandatory coat check and they charge you a crazy amount for alcohol and water. In fact the bottled water prices resembled buying a drink. ARE YOU SERIOUS?!? My suggestion make sure you get your partying in Thursday-Saturday probably more options for you.
2	Have you ever asked a cab driver to take you to a good place to party? This was my first time and most likely the last.
