5	Rolf and the folks at Framers Workshop do outstanding work, I mean the quality, customer service as well as their expertise is the best anywhere.I highly recommend them
5	Gorgeous custom frames that complement any piece of art coupled with terrific knowledgeable and personalized service.
5	After almost four years of marriage, I decided it was time to take our ketubah (Jewish marriage contract of sorts), out of the cardboard cylinder we were storing it in and get it properly framed to display in our home.I found Framer's Workshop using my Yelp app and couldn't be happier with the customer service provided by Rolf, Chris, and Bree.  On my initial visit, they helped me to pick out a background mat and a couple of frame options.  But when I took the samples home to my husband and told him the price I was quoted, he told me I needed to go elsewhere to find something less expensive.  I returned to Framer's Workshop and they worked with me and we found some more moderately priced alternatives.We ended up moving forward with them due to their expertise and large selection, and while my framed ketubah may not be ready for a couple of weeks, I'm confident I'll love it and I'll return in the future as well.If you need something framed, look no further than Framer's Workshop... 35 years in business and going strong!
5	This is one of my favorite businesses to frequent. Rolf and Kris are amazing people to work with and I've been coming here for well over a year now to have different pieces of art framed.The great thing about working with them is that when you walk into the showroom, you're greeted with a smile and a genuine excitement and curiosity about the piece you're looking to have framed. I've had a wide variety of things framed here, ranging from band posters to sidewalk art from NYC. All of them have turned out looking great and unique.Rolf and Kris take the time to make sure you are satisfied in your selection, while carefully matching every detail to your art - there are no steps skipped, which for me is so important. They are not going to be the cheapest in terms of price, but with them you know you are getting the highest quality possible, and that is worth any extra dollars you are spending on framing.Framers Workshop is simply the best.
