5	Wow!  Did not know places like this existed.  I bought a used vehicle and the seller and I went to this place to do the paper work.  No wait (on a Saturday at 11am) and within 15 minutes, we were able to do all the paper work, including the title transfer (they printed a new one and gave me the new registration) and gave me the license plate right there.  They also took the time to explain all of the options we could take.  At any rate, the whole process was done within 15 minutes.  I was shocked.  It cost me $110 to register a 2002 GMC Yukon for 1 year, plus a $20 service fee.  This was well worth it.  Beats the DMV in every which way.  Also, I checked BBB on this company and they currently have an A+ rating, which gives some peace of mind.
5	Fast, courteous service, great hours, plenty of parking, great location
5	I needed an answer on a title after the MVD's normal hours. I called this place expecting to ask a quick question about their services and get blown off the phone. I've been to one or two other MVD-alternative stores and gotten pretty apathetic, inept service.Instead, I got very courteous service and someone who answered questions I didn't even think of. The girl here was very patient and helpful. These guys definitely have their act together and are went out of their way for me.
2	Nice place, but in a professional environment I don't really want to see employees who wear their pants below their ass. I won't be going back there.
5	It's July, it's 111 and the MVD line is wrapped around the building. Then I went here. Where there is plenty of parking. There is no line, and it's fast, professional, and efficient. I can't remember but I think the convenience fee was $15...Worth every penny.
5	Friendly, fast, and Saturday service. Was able to receive a duplicate title in minutes!
5	Sammy was excellent! She helped me quickly, with a pleasant smile & great attitude.My bank sent me to a different MVD 3rd party processor who proved incapable of processing my rather simple auto title transfer. I researched ASAP online and thought they sounded more competent and capable. That proved to be the case. Avoid the MVD lines, visit these fine folks!
4	I hate going to the MVD so when I need to change over my title to Arizona I took a friends suggestion and went third party for it.Wow what a time saver that was. Not only was I able to go on a Saturday when all the MVD locations are closed but I was in and out in under 20 minutes.To top that off the people working there were pleasant, helpful and efficient. The only draw back to the whole thing was the extra $25 conveniance fee all the third party locations charge. In the grand scheme of things though that $25 is money well spent for better, quicker and convenient serivce.I highly recommend going here if you need to do any MVD related activities outside of getting a liscense.
5	Needing a replacement plate, on the 15th of the month, I was warned to stay the hell away from DMV, as it would be a zoo.I'm thinking, no way.  With internet convenience in the 21st century, who still goes to the DMV, especially at the very last minute?Boy was I wrong about that!!!  The line snaked all around the outside of the building and so I made a sharp u-turn right then and there and went straight to ASAP instead.My request was handled quickly and competently, and I was in and out in under 1 minute flat, for only a $10.00 service fee.  Now that's what I call a beautiful thing!!!Thanks ASAP.
1	Had the worst experience ever here today.....would rather wait in line at the DMV.  Switching plates from CA to AZ has been a long nightmare.  Pitched my CA registration form which expired in January - can't get a dupe.  Vehicle has been parked due to a bad transmission I just got fixed.  Attempted to get AZ registration at whatever cost (who cares, I'd rather be legal) and the guy would not let me speak.  He kept interrupting and making jokes that he'd go get someone else to help me understand I needed emissions and old CA registration.....I had to walk out.  I'm not stupid, if he'd listened he'd know I just left the emissions test and was not worried about cost just wanted my doggone plates.
5	I seriously can't believe the MVD even exists after coming here. They did in 15 minutes what the MVD couldn't do in almost three hours. Any title or permits or registration needs you have to come here. They have a convenience fee on top of the normal costs you would pay at the MVD, but it is nothing compared to the time you save an the aggravation you avoid. I added the price board so you can see for yourself.
5	I promise I don't rate businesses 5 stars if I am not truly impressed.  ASAP title is simply amazing.  In less than 5 minutes I had my duplicate title.  At the DMV the fee is $4.  Here there is a $10 additional service fee.  $10 to not have 50 customers ahead of me, sanitary chairs while you wait, or stand like I did at the granite counter, and not have to deal with government employees??  SOOOO WORTH IT.
5	When they say ASAP, they're not kidding. I went today to get a duplicate title for a vehicle. I was in and out in less than 15 minutes! The quick, friendly service at ASAP is well worth the $10 fee. I'll definitely be using their services again in the future.
