5	Jamie is a true artist. Whether you want to look soft & natural or go dramatic, she has the skills to deliver. I recommend her to all my facial clients!
5	Jamie Kouri is an amazing makeup artist. She has great range and can be as subtle or as elaborate as you want. She is a true talent and is so easy to work with. As a photographer, the clients come to me ready and relaxed. That is so important and makes my job easy. I've worked with her on a number of boudoir and engagement photo sessions. The clients feel so good about themselves and it shows in my photographs. I can't wait to work with her again.
5	If you are looking for an easy going, extremely terrific person, and one of the BEST makeup artist. JAMIE IS THE ONE! Jamie is an amazing and talented makeup artist! I just had my wedding a week ago and hired Jamie to do my mom, a couple of my bridesmaids and my makeup. My husband hates packed on makeup, but I wanted the pictures to look great so I told Jamie to work her magic. She completely understood what I wanted. I wanted my makeup as natural looking as possible, but also I wanted my pictures to look great too. Jamie is fantastic and is able to create any look that you want. I have recommended her to all of my friends and even had her do my hair and makeup this past weekend for a friend's wedding. I highly recommend Jamie for any kind of event. Jamie is extremely gifted, very easy to work with and overall a GREAT person!
5	Jamie is the BEST for every event. I have used her many times for nights out, makeup lessons and most recently a wedding I was in. My makeup was flawless all night and looked absolutely amazing in pictures. I would recommend Jamie to anyone and everyone. And on top of it all,  she gives tips while she's applying so you can attempt to do it your self.
5	I'm so happy I met Jamie!! Did an amazing  look for my photoshoot, she was flexible, versatile and such a sweet heart! It's hard to find great artist who see your vision but she blew me out of the water.. Totally recommend
5	I never could have pulled of my photo shoot in my mothers dress without Jaime! She is just simply amazing! I loved her so much, I am having her do my makeup for wedding and my entire bridal party! Hire her! She rocks!
5	I looooooooved working with Jamie for my wedding! Her energy is so chill and cool and peaceful.. exactly what I needed when I was trying not to freak out on my wedding day! ;) hahaa Seriously, though, she put me entirely at ease, and truly made me and all my girls look AMAZING. It's clear she truly cares about her work and her people. I 1000% recommend Jamie for any make-up services you'd ever need. THANK YOU, JAMIE!!!!!!! (Will send you pics as soon as I have more! :))
5	I just love Jamie. She's done my makeup for a few TV appearances. I looked great on and off air. Jamie asks what looks I'm going for, coordinates the right colors with my dress and I look and feel great. A plus is Jamie has a super easy going personality. She makes the whole makeup fun and stress free. Finally, I've had some last minute appointments and Jamie has been great about working with the tight deadline. You can't go wrong by working with Jamie!
5	Jamie is one of my favorite mua to work with! She is extremely talented and creative. I've worked with her on various modeling projects and when I work with her I always know I am in good hands! I highly recommend her for any of your make up needs. She rocks!
5	As soon as I met Jamie I knew she was my girl! For someone that only wears eyeliner and the occasional eye shadow I was thrilled to have Jamie make recommendations of what would work for me and within my comfort zone. On my big day I never felt more beautiful! She was fun to chat with and did an amazing job on my makeup and on all the important ladies in my life. She powered through 2 moms, 3 bridesmaids and a bride and we all looked stunning. Thank you so much Jamie!
