5	While I normally don't review auto repair places, I felt compelled to quickly review Carolina Tire. While they aren't the cheapest, they are by far the most professional, efficient and reliable auto repair business I've encountered during my time in Charlotte.Some key points:1. They charge a fair price and don't nickel and dime you on the "extra's" - what they quote is what they charge. Also some nice value-adds like free roadside assistance with oil changes.2. They are professional - you are dealing with folks who view this as their career and honor their work.3. Consistency - it's very underrated! When I need to get my oil changed or car fixed, I want the same experience and no surprises. Carolina Tire delivers on that promise.4. They have a good waiting area, complete with a children's play area, big screen TV and free wifi.Only downside is that their location is not handy for walking to the mall or restaurants - if you need a ride they will take you to Lynx, but the location doesn't have a lot of stuff immediately next door.Overall I'm a big fan!
5	Buying tires is one of the most intimidating experiences for me because I don't know much about them. Last week, I discovered an online coupon for Carolina Tire & Auto. I came to the store and met the sales manager who walked me through several options and helped me make a selection. He even helped me figure out how to save more money.I live near uptown and never would have traveled all the way to Pineville for anything -- but in this case, good service is worth the drive.
1	I stopped in to get a serpentine belt replaced that I had in hand.  It broke on my lunch hour so I went to AutoZone and bought one.  I how long it would be to get to it and how long it would take.  They said they could get to it "right now" and it shouldn't take long.  30 minutes later they pulled it in the shop.  1 hour later it was completed.  They tried to charge me $212 for 2 hours of labor.  I asked how could it take 2 hours when it was only the shop for 1 hour and I was there for 1.5 hours.  They then corrected it and charged me a flat fee of $99.07.  If this is their generic price for 1 hour of labor it is ridiculous.  It shouldn't have take an hour to do it anyway.  This is the first and last time I will visit here.  They also pulled my car in front and left it running while the bill was being discussed.  I am very unhappy with their service and will let everyone I come in contact with.Update.  The owner called me to apologize. He asked me to call back and get a full refund.  He also had a free oil change put on my account.  I called to get the refund.  I probably won't be back.  It's not convienent for me.  I only stopped because I needed ta repair that day and they were close.This occured on 9/27/2011.
5	I have been servicing my car here for a year, and I have only had good experiences here.1. The staff works hard to make sure you are getting the best prices on parts and they charge reasonable rates for labor.2. They stand by their warranty.  I had my timing belt changed, and after a couple of months i thought it was idling loud.  They took care of the problem with no additional charges.3. They don't nickel and dime you.  At the Subaru dealership and Woodies, they charge me $75 - $90 just to look at the car.  At tread quarters I asked for a couple of lights to be replaced on top of getting my breaks replaced, and they took care of it for no additional charge.4. They stand by their quote, and charge you for the exact time worked, even if it comes in under the quote.  At woodies they charged me the full price of the quote, even though they only worked on the car for half the time of the original quote.
1	I wish it were possible to give a business 0 stars because this auto repair facility committed several cardinal sins today and are not trustworthy. (Background: I am a young female who has had plenty of trouble with being treated unfairly in the auto repair world. It is my pet peeve. It is wrong. And you - mechanics - should feel ashamed for taking advantage of women car owners because you think you can.)I went to Treadquarters today for help after I noticed a screw had punctured my tire earlier this morning. The tire wasn't deflated yet and the screw was deeply embedded in the tread. I needed a patch so I could go on about my day. When I looked Treadquarters up online they were advertising "Free Tire Repair" with some exclusions, none of which applied to me. This coupon, paired with their good reviews, made it an easy decision to stop by. The young man who greeted me seemed a little turned off by my coupon. I'm assuming this company offers such incentives so that customers will bring them other business that creates better revenue. A smart strategy. However, it doesn't work if your employees are begrudging and dishonest. He went out to my car to look at the damage and proceeded to feed me some bullsh*t about the screw being too close to the side wall. The screw was definitively NOT in the side wall or anywhere near it, no matter how many times he tried to show me with his "thumb measurement". It was only about an inch away from the mid-line of tire. Regardless, this young man said it couldn't be patched and that I needed to buy a new tire. I didn't argue because I knew differently since my dad works on cars and I had already sent him a picture of the situation. I thanked the jerk for his time and drove off. A few miles down the road, I stopped at Woodies. I told the front desk guy there about my situation and he said they would take a look. My tire was patched and I was back on the road in 30 minutes. I will be doing a separate review for the great service I received at Woodies. This type of treatment is inexcusable and I have no qualms with denouncing the entire company until they deal with their dishonest employees. He tried to "screw" me over. Bad move buddy.
1	I went in Treadquarters Pineville 3 weeks ago to get a patch on my tire. Today I was washing my car I noticed a big scratch on my wheel that went the entire way around. In the past I worked at a custom wheel and tire shop and know that the only thing that will cause this type of damage is if the technician does not pull the wheel weight off the wheel when he dismounts or installs the tire after a repair. Now everybody makes mistakes but back at the tire shop I worked at if the technician made a mistake and caused any kind of damage he would inform the customer. This was not the case at Tread Quarters Pineville. When I went back to Treadquarters to show them the damage, the same young man as mentioned in "(Aaren H)" negative review told me that there is no way that this was the cause of the damage and that I probably curbed my wheel.  Are you freaking kidding me??? It seemed as though he took it personally and then told me that he will file a claim. (In which I still have not heard from the company) I will also make note that he told me that this damage does not affect his hourly pay or anything at the shop.  I have never dealt with such poor management in my life.  This sort of treatment is inexcusable and I have no problem letting everyone I know the the poor treatment I received at Treadquarters in Pineville.
