4	Ah college dropoutswhile this place is not as successful as say kanye, paul allen, or william faulkner i would chance to say that i enjoy it just as much as the previous 3 drop outs i mentioned. This place is such a little gem, and i found it quite by accident. There is a lot of appeal, and now all it really needs is a loyal following, please join me as i try to make this happen lol.seriously though; cheap PBR, an old skool NES w/ several great games including Ninja Turtles and Mario, no duck hunt 8-( a pool table, a fooseball table, some giant plinko contraption, clean bathrooms and  a nice smoking balcony. its all here. occasionally even some live music. Plus its right off of mill so you can save yourself some grief from the stereotypical tempe douches that infest the short walk. the only pitfall is that its usually pretty sparse in here, but hey it wont be if you go and bring yer mates, so cheers catboys!
5	We were planning on going to Dave's Electric Brewpub but it was packed out and I remembered this place. It was deserted. We started out with a decent peach ale (although it tasted more like apricot) and then we started ordering shots. We were looking up random shots online and the bartender knew all of them. We got blowjobs, oatmeal cookies, and a pineapple upside down cake. The oatmeal cookies were awesomely delicious and we wound up sitting on some really comfy couches. The only problem is the "side table" was actually a table top placed off center on a keg. $4 beers and $5 shots makes this my new Tempe bar.
4	This bar changed over a couple weeks ago to Boss Hogg's and the change was a good one.  It's a college bar that serves beers by the bottle and roadie sized liquor bottles for you to shoot on your way across the street to the staduim.  The TV count has increased exponentially.  It's kind of a sausage-fest, so if you're a dude looking for some female company, this is not the bar for you.  But if you're just looking for a place to grab a quick, cheap beer before heading over to the game, it was a definate WIN.
