5	Went with a big group of friends late one night and we were the only people in the restaurant save for the staff and a few of their friends (or that's what it seemed like). It was awesome. The food was super delicious and the staff was friendly, attentive and very knowledgeable about what they were serving us. They brought the table two orders of pig tail tacos on the house and later gave all 12 of us a round of free shots. I had the mackerel which was suuuper tasty and my boyfriend had the marrow plate which was surprisingly inexpensive and good.The drinks were delicious and they were nice enough to make a non-alcoholic version of my favourite one (the Bangarang - so refreshing!) for a friend who doesn't drink booze. We'll definitely be back! Can't wait to try their brunch...
4	Seriously, what more can I say that 'ORGASMIC'?! It was a fantastic culinary experience both time I went there.For our first time, we went for supper and the food was simply amazing: the lobster roll, the taco pig tail, smoked the veal tongue deli sandwich. It was all 'fingers licking good'! At first, I was a bit skeptic of the meals, but then I said to myself: "Meh, I eat hot-dogs, I can try to eat meat offal". And boy did I not regret my guts! On the alcohol side, their cocktails are quite original: I took the beet mojito and boooyyyyy was it refreshing. And do take the desserts: they were just simply succulent. For my second time, I tried the sunday brunch with a couple of friends, and we were simply impressed with the service and food: my meal (huevos rancheros with eggs, a tomato sauce and octopus) was just perfectly salty and cheesy. It's rare that a chief can cook octopus not too chewy, but not too hard. It was perfect, I would have ordered another one!!!Only bad point for brunch: the first coffee cup is included in the price, but not refill. And the cups were a bit small.How many time will I have to say 'Amazing!' ? This new restaurant just became my favorite spot in Verdun! Oh, and did I mention that it closes pretty late (2AM)? Yeah, it's THAT awesome! For a different and new culinary experience, try Tripes & Caviar, you won't regret this.
5	The best thing to happen to Verdun since the metro system. T&C hits a homerun on so many levels: culinary experience, taste, service, passion, staff knowledge and friendliness, local/fresh ingredients, presentation, cocktails, value for you money.... you name it! Definitely for the adventurous eater, John-Mike will wow you with some of the whacky creations he puts out on a plate/bowl/rock/tree trunk/etc. Say hi and revel in the passion he has for food, it's contagious. Manu behind the bar whips up some unique cocktails that'll keep you going all night long. Small groups or large, they'll hook you up with an unforgettable meal. Everything is good really. Right now they've got an amazing gazpacho, pigtail tacos, TCFC (Flintstones sized Turkey leg wrapped with squid), whole suckling pig... A really fantastically unique spot in Montreal, like nothing else out there. And no, Verdun is not that far. Go to this place now. You won't regret it.
4	Excellent cocktails! My boyfriend loves all the food but it's pretty meat heavy. Wish there was more vegetarian stuff on the menu....I'd go there more often!
5	We have to make some noise about this restaurant, write more reviews, spread the word how good is the food. According to our T&C host the idea of the menu is to shock the clients and bring to them some anti foodie experience. Can't agree with this, every dish on our table was a foodie experience: bone marrow with snails, tongue, piglet tails, beef heart, la ribollita, horse steak, la raie (most probably stingray, but couldn't confirm what was exactly the yummy fish in English) were delicious and cooked with imagination. The abundant use of fresh garlic in some of the dishes was perfect to enhance the taste. Note some of the dishes in the menu change depending on the available ingredients. The dessert list is a must try, at least share something with your dining companions.T&C has small list of good wines with prices for every pocket. More impressive is the list of cocktails, fantastic mixes of alcohols and flavors. Some of my beloved sake concoctions arrived in tea cups. The idea of using fine colorful porcelain for some of the drinks and dishes is actually pretty cool.Last but not least attentive service and perfect knowledge of the menu. So if people are wondering if eating in T&C may be an adventure, just go, you would love it.
5	Great brunch, don't forget the Caesar!
5	This place is simply amazing....the food, although seems a bit out there, is to die for! You have to try.....well, everything.When a chef knows how to cook good food, whatever they make will be amazing....it's the case here.Come for dinner, come for brunch on the weekend....you'll get great service and won't have to wait in line forever...like those overpriced breakfast places!I'll come back, over and over....
