2	This place was alright. It wasnt amazing, but a decent sandwich joint downtown is always welcome. Smart idea marketing to college kids in the area, since it could be hard to differentiate itself with places like Di Bellas and other local shops not too far away (Primanti's, of course, the Pgh King...but Bob's isnt trying to be that). I had a 'Junior' (Bob's-speak for MEDIUM) Bob's Delight, which is said to include Cappicola, Ham & Turkey...except they forgot the Cappicola, or perhaps there was one slice and I missed it. All subs are served "...on a toasted Cellone's roll and include lettuce, tomato, onion, provolone cheese, mayonnaise, and our own Italian dressing...", except all I could taste was the healthy slathering of mayo. Dont get me wrong, as a true Pittsburgher, I like a generous amount of mayo as much as the next yinzer. But even this was a bit much for me. Overall, you get what you pay for: its cheap meant on a decent roll toasted sandwich. Inexpensive. Fine for what it is. Next time, I may try the Steak and Cheese, or Italian, just to be sure, but not going out of my way for this one. Also, I'm not from Clarion/Slippery Rock, so I dont have any opinion of this vs the 'original' Bob's, but I am curious about it now. People are very passionate about it (and I would be pissed, too, if some place was piggybacking off my biz name).
1	Expected it to be like the original Bob's in Slippery Rock and it was just a terrible imposter. Menu isn't even close to being the same, nor is the quality of the food. Subs were average. Subway-quality. Disappointing.
4	Chicken salad sub was awesome, portions were good and staff was friendly will definitely eat here again!
4	Decent subs.  Nothing spectacular, but good value for the price.  Certainly beats subway.
4	The sub I had was really good (number 4 on the menu). The service was fast and nice. Next time I will tell them to go light on the mayo.... other than that I was really pleased!!
5	My Bob's Sub was so good that I discovered I can unhinge my jaw and consume a Bob's Sub whole.Don't think I'm kidding.  WTF how is it THIS GOOD and I didn't know about it?  It all started when my friend and I realized we'd had Indian food at the Curry Leaf buffet for 4 days in a row, and that Chicken Tikka Masala is 700 calories a serving.  Woof.I'm not saying we were looking for diet food, but we decided to get not Indian food.  Bob's is not diet food, but it is Non-Indian, and right by Curry Leaf.  It's about a block up from the United Way Bldg on Smithfield St.It was crowded, but the line moved really quickly.  I had the Chicken Salad sub, which had no description other than "You Gotta Try it!"  My friend had the Buffalo Chicken sub.  Holy fuck my sub was so good, and I'm not sorry I swore.  I took a bite and smacked my friend in the shoulder.  You might think I'm overreacting, but listen I was hungry, and that sub was GOOD.All the subs are on toasted Cellone's rolls, with lettuce, provolone, onion, tomato, mayo, and Italian dressing and some sort of miracle happens.If you're looking for a new lunch spot, I recommend this place.  Its way cheaper than Subway and so much better tasting!Be warned:  they drench your sub in mayo and dressing, so I would ask them to go light on it.  I'll definetly be back!
1	I only wish I could give it ZERO.  This is a fraud.  The guy is using the name and has no connection to the Slippery Rock shop.  The sub's taste Nothing like the original Bobs'.  Google it under 'news.'The bread is floppy and the mayo is definitely a different brand altogether.  Not worth the price of the sandwich.
5	Best subs!  I wish I discovered this place long before a few months ago! I always order a few subs and take some home for later! Good prices too! You'll hate going to subway for a sub after you try these subs!!
5	It gets pretty crowded in there around lunch but the sub's and prices are really good and well worth the wait. They are pretty good size sub versus anything you would get at Jimmy Johns or any other generic sub shop.
5	These subs are absolutely amazing! I get one at least twice week. The chicken salad is my favorite. I just started going to point park University and someone told me about Bob's subs and how good they were!. Boy were they right!
