5	Why would a vegetarian review a hot dog shop? It would seem to defy logic -- yet the pursuit of a good veggie dog is always on my agenda. After all, I would argue, it's the toppings that matter and Dormont Dogs does toppings better than any other place in town. The menu at Dormont Dogs consists of mainly hot dogs with various toppings and few sides such as potato salad, chips, and soup. The sweet tea is not to be missed, served in a cup with lots of ice, it hits the spot and hits it out of the ballpark as far as beverages are concerned. What I love about this place is that they do the fundamentals right and then just extend from there. The buns come from a local bakery, so they are uber fresh and they toast up just right, without the unbearable softness of a supermarket style bun. The hot dogs on the menu are named after streets and styles. I can say every dog I've tried has been pretty darn tasty in it's own right but I tend to come back to two favorites, the Rueben Dog and the Louisiana. The Reuben is what you might expect, a dog topped with sauerkraut, dressing, and swiss cheese, the toppings piled on generously but not so generously that they fall off when you bite. The Louisiana dog takes it to the bayou with a mouthwatering dog dipped in hot sauce and topped with a creamy cajun slaw, the perfect balance of crunchy, spicy and hot. Some of my other faves include the bruschetta and the buffalo dog. This little shop has a laid back, casual vibe to it, which sometimes feels a little too laid back, but the food has never disappointed. The shop is in Dormont which I must admit doesn't appear on my radar very often but it's easy enough to find off the main drag. This is the kind of place worth traveling for, for the simple pleasure of a brilliantly executed dog.
4	two words: reuben dog.
5	I would go here all the time and ruin my waistline if only it were closer to me. Sadly, I rarely head out this way, so my arteries are fairly safe. Anytime I am thinking of going anywhere nearby at all  - like, even remotely - I think it's a great excuse to come out to this place! I've even made special field trips all the way across town and through the Tubes, just for the super-fresh buns, tasty-juicy hotdogs and DELICIOUS topping combos. I am all about the toppings, so this place is King. They use much higher quality ingredients than D's (Regent Square) and Frankie's (Lawrenceville). These suckers are totally addictive: you have been warned.
5	If you're willing to brave the clustered streets of Dormont, then Dormont Dogs is definitely a great find for a place to eat!  Tucked away in a corner, it's a quaint little place you wouldn't expect to be such an attraction.  Seating leaves much to be desired, though they recently added some benches outside the store front.  As for the food, well it's mostly hot dogs, but what choices they have for style!  My personal favorites are the Wisconsin Ave. and the Buffalo Dog.  Especially get them as a Double Dog Dare, that's my recommendation.  Prices?  Reasonable as well.
5	Worth the walk, stroll, drive...located right off Potomac Ave on Glenmore Ave.  I am a creature of habit and stuck with my veggie Illinois Ave and sweet tea.  My date had the Plain Jane (which stayed bare boned and without any extras), a Brushetta Dog and a Coke.  Great, summer like Monday night dinner followed by a stroll thought Dormont.  The owner was extremely courteous and customer conscious.  Just the right way to begin the week!  Note:  They are seeking brave, cold blooded people to sport the hot dog costume this summer:)
5	just had yesterday, need to return asap. nice variety of dog choices.
4	Great for Dogs!  They do the fixings right!. You can order from about 20 styles from the plain jane to many fancy names for the streets of Dormont...but follow the owners lead.. Illinois dog is similar to a Chicago dog, and my favorite.  The Wisconsin has 4 cheeses...  The owner is Captain Barnes who was the chef at some nice Pittsburgh restaurants so he makes sure the fixings are good and the dog looks like creative art when you get it. The buns are the best because they are from a Kribel's bakery. fresh, soft and tasty.Have visited many times.  Had the Illinois Ave. and loved it.  Also had the Connecticut Ave. which had slaw and baked beans and other great fixings.You can get a potato salad which I hear is good but have never tried.  If you like dogs this place is great and you can try so many new types and eat your way thru the menu and get you picture on the wall.
2	Went there last night with a co-worker for the first time. We both are veggie's so both got different kinds of veggie dogs.As far as veggie dogs are considered, I really need them to be cooked split open on a grill for them to taste good. These were just heated up in some boiling water. So already, that just really turned me off to them before I even took a bite.  The dogs were alright--- semi-loaded with toppings, but they weren't anything special. I definitley needed two hotdogs to fill me up. For the price, I expected more.Customer service there was pretty lacking. While one of the guys was pretty nice, the other guy... needed some customer service training. After browsing the menu for about 5 minutes, we started to place our orders. Hot dog server #2 gruffly  said, "Next time you guys are going to order veggie dogs, make sure you let us know in as soon as you walk in because they take awile." We responded we weren't in a rush, so no need to worry about the time! He responds, "Yeah, but  we like to get 'em out fast so next time let us know." This guy also spent a lot of time looking down at his phone, which was especially rude when he was in the middle of a coversation with another patron at the place.I did love the lime green interior. It's quite a small place, so don't expect to take a big group there and have room to sit inside. There are a few small tables for people to sit at.All in all, I have been to much better hot dog shops.
5	YUMM. I was hesitant when my friend wanted to go, but oh man, I do not regret coming here.There's so many different choices and I got the Pittsburgh Dog. The buyer of the year made it himself. He's a little boy, but he's got taste! SO GOOD.You got the toasted dog, sausage, pepperoni, potato chips, melted provologne, and oil and vinegar slaw. GET IT.
5	FINALLY got to check out dormont dogs! Their hot dogs are delicious. Got the Pittsburgh which has chips, pepperoni, cheese and coleslaw. It was gooood. I love how they cook the bun beforehand.Tasty, cheap, "burgh"-esque food. Only complaint is that they're kind of small. If you're a guy, or just hungry, you might want a couple. (in which case i guess it's not that cheap)BOTTOM LINE: BEST HOT DOG EVER. TRY IT IF YOU HAVEN'T
5	Yum! Vegetarian Chili Dogs. Worth your time.
5	While my psyche does associate hotdogs with warmer weather, there wasn't much that could stop me from wandering in on my lady date prior to seeing a Christmas themed horror movie from the 70's at the Hollywood. If I hadn't heard such good things about this place I wouldn't have ever know it was there. Just a tiny little store front of a shop off the main drag in Dormont. It has a true Pittsburgh feel to it too. Something about it is just so comfortable and laid back. There is a little hutch with various handmade goods, local companies business cards, and interesting bits and baubles. (After further discussion with the AMAZINGLY friendly young man who was making our food, I found out the owner also makes soaps and spa gift baskets too!)Ordering was no easy task, to be honest. A hot dog is not just a hot dog here. There are so many different combinations of dogs! I finally decided on a Wisconsin Ave dog and a Pizza Dog. My friend is a vegetarian so she got hers as veggie dogs. (Any dog they have they can make as a veggie dog too!)The smells inside of this place are INSANE. When I think about hotdogs I'm rarely thinking about delicious smells. (I honestly thinking about my grandfather boiling hot dogs and I start to feel a little queasy.) This place is just packed with great smells. From the chili used, to cheeses, to the toasting of the bun when they do the final once over... all so good that it's making my mouth water now.The Wisconsin Dog was so so cheesy! Four kinds of cheesy goodness and still not greasy. The cheese sort of encompasses the bun in the end too. Mmmm shell of cheese. The Pizza Dog was better than I had anticipated. It had the perfect balance of  sauce, cheese, pepperoni. Perfect ratio.I couldn't find something to dislike about this place if I wanted to. If you like cheap fast gourmet hot dogs, this is your best bet.
5	Nothing gives me more excitement than being able to post a review about a hot dog shop. I first want to point out that I have been attempting to visit this shop for about 2 years now, and after a visit to Hollywood Theater last night, I was pleasantly surprised to see the lights from Dormont Dogs shining down the street.The shop is cute, casual, and practical. It's everything you want a hometown hot dog shop to be. It's bedazzled with pictures of customers and displays local artwork/crafts for sale. It is also quite clean and keeps the decor somewhere between no-frills and hipster chic. The employee was nice and incredibly enthusiastic about his job. If a man working at a hot dog shop can be excited, then so can I, right?The food (and drink I must add) was excellent! I wasn't sure what I was expecting, since I was more excited about the novelty and to support a local eatery, but the food was excellent. The buns tasted homemade or very fresh and the variety of dogs to choose from was not only amusing, but quite eclectic. I had the pizza dog and was very happy. My other two compadres had the classic chili dog and the Arkansas  avenue dog and both seemed quite happy. I also took a sample and enjoyed them as well.This is going to be a perfect summer hang out when the tables and chairs are sitting outside, but I will not be a stranger in the winter months as well. This place is a unique find - look it up!
5	Very good and no cheese from a can.  Some of the best chili I've ever had.
5	Dormont Dogs is one of my top places to grab a bite to eat... great food, great service.  I think the Reuben Dog is my favorite.  I'm not really even a hot-dog kind of guy, but this place does them so well, it's like a meal on a bun.
5	First time here. I had the dog father, baked beans, and the potato salad. All were fantastic. Very laid back place.
5	Great food and the service is great! We need more of the mom and pop type places! My favorte is the chicgao dog. Great local hang out! MUST MUST MUST stop in when your in pittsburgh
4	Still a great place for Dogs!  They still do the fixings right!  My fav is the Illinois Dog, similar to a Chicago dog.  Yes, it was good!  Yes, the buns are fresh from the bakery!Some very interesting dogs with all the fixings!  Most named after Dormont streets. Tried a Buffalo Dog too.  While not as good as by FAV, the Illinois Dog, interesting to have buffalo sauce and blue cheese on a Dog!
4	The hot dog options are what really makes this place great. Tons of choices, and every hot dog can be made vegetarian. The restaurant only holds about 8-10 people, so if you have a big group, plan on getting the dogs to go.
5	Excellent food! Tasty hot-dogs and at an affordable price.
5	Really great treat. My husband and I get the veggie dogs, and our three year old shares with us. They load these things up with toppings and the prices are really affordable. The staff is pleasant and kind. Plus I love any place that has cherry floats. Unique, quaint, affordable, fast, and veggie options. Thanks Dormont Dogs.
4	Veggie dogs with coleslaw, pickles, poppyseed and hot sauce, bring it.  Dormont Dogs is pretty adorable and delicious.  I always feel like we spent too much money for what we get, when we go there, though.
5	Super cool little place, their hotdogs are great!  I have made it through about 8 of different kinds so far, but the Dog Father is my favorite!!!!
5	The best Idea since sliced buns!!! Dormont dogs is excellent. The combinations are ingenious and delicious. It is all really up to what you are in the mood for, and Dormont Dogs has anyhting you are craving. they just need to come up with a desert dog....Someday :)
5	having tried all the other hot doggeries in PGH, this one is definetly reigning champ / top dog if you will ... Nevermind station street, nevermind Hanks, etc etc etc...This is the real deal / genuine article .  Get whichever dog you order in the "double dare" option (2 franks on 1 bun.)  so much better, more protein, more taste.A great destination for hangover-treatment .  Not much room to sit and they sometimes are crowded (very loyal local patrons.) order ahead to make life easier ...
4	These hot dogs are really delicious and I love the interesting combinations of toppings that are available. The buns are amazing and my understanding is that they are actually produced at a bakery just around the corner from Dormont Dogs. My only complaint is that I wish the seating were a little less cramped, but it's a relatively new, up-and-coming shop so it makes total sense that they are in a smallish space. Dormont is a cool neighborhood so the clientele here tend to be pretty friendly and laid-back, as do the staff.
3	Nothing to brag about but it's a quick place to get some affordable novel food. Regular meat and veggie hot dogs can both be used for all the combination on the board so get some odd flavor fusion or even try their vegetarian chili. These kind of hot dog shop specialize is quirky toppings. This tiny little place is located in Dormont around the corner from Potomac Avenue. Only about three to four wobbly tables in the shop to keep you in and out for new patrons. In the summer time they have tables and chairs right outside their windows.
5	Oh man. This place is a triple threat!The hot dog. Check. The toppings. Double check. The Bun. HOLY CRAP IT'S AMAZING!Why am I so excited about the bun? Because it was incredible. It was fresh, it was tasty and it was toasted. That combination is lethally good. I ALMOST want to say it made the whole thing, but I think the toppings combined with the bun did it in for me. The funny thing is I used to not even really like dogs. I've always had them served to me very blandly. The only way I'd eat them later on in life is if they were straight off the grill. But now that there's all these gourmet offerings, I've tried my fair share of dogs around tahn. I'm going to go out on a limb and say this has probably taken over as my favorite. There's over 20 different choices of dogs, which is hard to believe. I kinda wanted to try them all, but ended up choosing the Illinois and the special of the day, the Arkansas dog. The Illinois (tomato, banana peppers, celery salt) had a bountiful amount of banana peppers and not too much bacon (which surprisingly, I liked). But I really liked the Arkansas dog (bacon, cheddar and scallions, horseradish) because of the horsey sauce on top and the. The prices aren't bad at all. Around $2.50-$3 for what I call a "gourment dog" is great!I also tried the potato salad which had the right amount of mayo in it. It's hard to get that nice balance. But I will say, I enjoy a lot of it! Throw in fresh squeezed lemonade and I'm a believer!I can't wait to work my way through the menu, because... it. is. happening!
5	Everything I have ever had here has been delicious. The service is laid back and friendly and their vegetarian dogs are to die for....are you guys sneaking me meat?!
4	Great!  These dogs are anything but normal and that is a good thing.  There are so many different ones to pick from.  I ate three (I know, I'm a fat kid at hart) and loved them all.  I would recommend the Arkansas Ave Dog.  MMMM!The people that work there are also pretty cool.  They told as that the outside picnic table was BYOB...nice!
4	I used to "like" hot dog before I stopped by the DD. Now, I must say - I love it.The toppings is what makes this place unique. Most of the menu is named after streets in Dormont and each has its own unique toppings and sauce. The bun is soft and seems fresh out of bakery.I've been here twice since moving to Dormont and I've tried the Texas and the Arkansas Dog so far. The Arkansas Dog was amazingly good with hints of horseradish sauce. I will definitely be stopping here more often for a quick bite and my goal is try a different hot dog each time.It's cash only - so make sure to bring "little" cash.
5	Everyone has mentioned why this place is great! Also, that even people who don't totally love hot dogs like eating here (me included). I don't live near here, and I shouldn't eat hot dogs every day, but I try to stop by when I'm in the neighborhood. We went for dinner yesterday, and were surprised to see no one else in the place for the half hour we were in there, at dinnertime on a hot summer day. Let someone else cook one night soon, and head over to Dormont Dogs so that this place can thrive and we can continue to have lots of independent dining options in Pittsburgh!
5	Oh Dormont Dogs... I would move back to Beechview just to eat you!!!!!!I miss this place being right up the street SOOOOOO much... I used to try and go at least 2 or 3 times a month... Same order... EVERYTIME!Connecticut and Mississippi!!! I love the people that work there... Everything about this place was great! I will make that drive back soon!
5	Yet another 5-star place within walking distance of my new digs. Where to start? Start where I did - with a Parking Ticket. Not an actual ticket, but the customer-created dog on the menu. Local bakery-fresh bun, perfectly toasted. Add wiener to bun. Now add ALL THE GOODNESS. Spicy BBQ sauce, banana peppers, bacon chili, and pepper jack. Winning combo for a party in mah mouth. I've also had the Buffalo Dog and the Reuben Dog. None of them disappointing, but the Parking Ticket is still my favorite. Can't wait to go back to try some more.
5	Friendly staff, delicious food!  My favorite is the parking ticket and the freshly squeezed lemonade.
5	Not your average dog!   Takes hot dogs to the next level.  The best  potato salad I have ever eaten!
4	Come here for gourmet hotdogs with interesting toppings and funky names. Relive your childhood with their nice collection of Highlights. The best!
5	I went here awhile back and I believe I was just a plain jane and got one with cheese! It was good, loved the bun it was on! The owners or staff was nice. It's a nice pick up and go place since seating is very limited.
5	My husband and I went here for the first time today and it was delicious! I had two veggie dogs: the Louisiana Ave. and Bruschetta dogs. The Louisiana Ave had hot sauce and Cajun cole slaw and it was really hot. Definitely didn't skimp on portions and delicious. Ingredients were fresh and the pesto on the bruschetta dog was delicious and creamy. I also had a vegetarian sloppy joe and that was eh but we were really there for the dogs. Definitely go and give it a try. The guy there was super nice, too.
