5	I am learning to be a Pilates Instructor through Jessica at Core Studios. She is by far one of the best instructors I have ever learned from. And I have to be honest, after 23 years of traditional weight training, Jessica's first workout for me was by far the most challenging I have ever experienced from a professional.  I am so glad I chose Core Studios for my trainingAs for their services and facility. The amenities are great. Clean and pristine atmosphere.  The equipment is sturdy, well maintained and just plain out pretty.  Their instructors are VERY knowledgable (by no means, run of the mill instructors with weekend certifications. It's obvious these ladies were well educated and well seasoned).  The staff are engaging, articulate, sweet and pretty too!Take the Reformer class.... your butt and legs will love you for it.
4	I'm a newbie at this particular studio and purchased a Groupon for their 1 month, unlimited Booty Barre/Reformer Pilates classes.  At first, I wasn't sure that I had arrived at the right spot, but it's tucked into an office park and is part of Rapid Rehab.  So, there's a studio with weights and two treadmills, in addition to a water cooler.  There's also another area where physical therapists treat their patients.  Finally, the other area that I've seen is where they keep the reformers.  The instructor that I've had so far, Stephanie, is really helpful and friendly.I showed up and signed in.  I've been able to create an account to either add myself to classes or the waitlist.  For the most part, I've been able to go to the morning Reformer classes without too much trouble (either lucking out and getting on the list or moving up from the waitlist).  The night classes, however, are a different story.  Those tend to be full with almost no cancellations.  If they do have some cancellations, I've gotten emails and phone calls notifying me of my enrollment into previously full classes.For the Booty Barre class, I was able to sign in and show up to take this class (first time) without reserving ahead of time.   When I got there, they were beginning a Booty Barre class.  Basically, a combo of ballet/dance type of moves with a mat, some light weights, and a bar.  Definitely a total body workout with some cardio bursts inserted at times.  A pretty good class given the fact that I'm used to other cardio/weight lifting/bootcamp classes.  They try to change up the format each time, but it seems like there's a segment dedicated to weights, a segment where you do some work on the bar, and a segment where you work on the mat/floor.  The teacher that I've had, Stephanie, makes sure to give you modifications if you need them and give you proper explanations regarding technique.  She was also pretty laid back about latecomers and/or absences.  Plus, she definitely seemed to pack it in for the this class.    As for the Pilates Reformer class, though, you definitely are limited to 6 (the max machines that they have).  They're also lenient with latecomers again, since someone actually came in halfway through class.  Again, Stephanie was my instructor and for the very first class that I attended, I lucked into a private session.  She made sure to give me modifications and demonstrations for all of the moves (since I've only done the reformer class a total of 1 time in the past).  Again, she made sure to give me a total body workout.  I've been one other time and she definitely varied the workout.  As an avid cardio/bootcamp/weight lifting junkie, I must say that this was an awesome workout.  It definitely worked me out in a different way.I would've given them more stars, with the exception being that they just don't offer enough classes.  Period.  They did say, though, to be pretty vigilant about checking emails to see if you were moved into the class if you were waitlisted and there happens to be a cancellation.  Otherwise, I was able to drop in and check for myself).  So, I'm hoping that they do add more classes, since I hope to make it to more of these classes, or even trying out their Cardio and Sexy Mat classes.
5	Ask for Steph...she'll work you like crazy...but good crazy!!
5	These classes are a lot of fun. My friend and I have been doing them for a couple of weeks now and they really kick our butts (literally). We've both tried a few other studios and while I like everything I've tried, the booty barre classes really give you a more intense work out since there's bursts of cardio. I've had classes with Chandra and Gabriella and they both give a really good work out. I've noticed the classes have more of a mixture of demographics which makes me a bit more comfortable. The class sizes can get pretty big but I've never felt like we were sardine packed. I haven't tried any reformer classes here yet but that's next on my list!
5	Best Pilates & Booty Barre classes in town. Exceptionally knowledgeable & inspiring instructors, particularly Chandra whose classes I frequent.
4	I recently went back to try one of their trial TRX classes.  I'd done some of these types of classes back in KY before I moved here, so I knew how relatively easy or advanced this type of class could be.  I mean, for $10, I figured it was worth a shot.  Plus, I missed coming here since my Groupon had run out.  I had been online looking at their schedule, and it does seem like they've added a few other classes (as well as one Reformer class on Sundays) to their schedule, which I can't wait to try--Booty Barre Flex and Flow, Cardio Reformer, Rehab Reformer, and Core Circuit.   Anyways, I was greeted by the instructor, Chandra, and we ended up starting at roughly 5:05pm since we were waiting for the rest of the attendees/payment to be processed.Class: Well, first, the straps aren't the "official" TRX straps, but they still do the same job: provide you with body weight resistance training while being suspended from an apparatus with an overhead beam.  Chandra started the 3 of us out (I believe that you can have up to 5 or 6 in a class, although don't quote me on that) with various exercises for each part of the body--legs, arms, chest, back, etc.  Then, during a segment in the middle, we did some core and abs exercises.  Afterwards, we did get up again and finished out another set of leg exercises, but by then it was roughly 50 minutes and we were working up a good sweat.  Luckily, they propped open a door and Chandra gave us 15 second or 30 second breaks to rest or get water.  The intervals are timed and you are asked to do the exercise to the best of your ability, modifying when necessary.  There were a few times that I had to modify due to a wrist issue.  Regardless, I feel like I still got a good workout and sweated quite a bit.  The end, though, was the best part.  She stretched us out for about 5 minutes (using the straps).For me, I felt like I had taken enough previous TRX classes (or even worked out enough) to know what body part or proper form Chandra wanted for each of the exercises, so it wasn't as daunting as it seemed.  I did like that she walked around and checked out our form and had us correct any problems immediately.  She was also good about answering any questions that were raised or explaining different types of exercises and the way they worked certain body parts or how you were supposed to feel.  I'm glad that Chandra was asking for our feedback, as it was a Trial/Test class.  I though it was a good workout and am glad that they're incorporating this into their regular schedule.  For now, it seems like they're gonna have another week of classes offered on a trial basis, but that when the classes are added to the schedule, they will be twice a week, in the morning and evening--although a time hasn't been specified yet.  I was glad to be a guinea pig and am excited to come back and try out more of their classes!
4	I was desperately looking for a Pilates studio.  I researched via internet and came across CORE.  I stopped in and spoke to Omar and he was very pleasant and answered all my questions.  He requested I contact Jessica the owner.  I called her and she was amazing to speak with.  She offered a FREE class to try out the studio.  She also answered all my questions and was very friendly.  All other studios that I have been to have been the HOT Pilates that was structured with a boot camp style or had too many people which was over crowded for me.  Jessica scheduled me on a Tuesday and my teacher was Michelle.  I have only participated in Mat Pilates, so this was the first time I used a reformer.  I was very pleased with her teaching ability and when I was finished I purchased a package.  I was also very happy that they offer a wide variety of classes such as TRX, Cardio Kick box and private instruction.  I have found my new home!  Thank you so much for your facility, variety of classes and times!  I would highly recommend this Pilates Studio!
4	Took a TRX/Reformer combo class with Chandra and Kristin.  I really enjoyed both classes as they were both different. The studio is shiny and new with all sorts of fun props and equipment.  They share space (next door) with a Crossfit/Bootcamp facility.  The TRX equipment is not the exact same as what I have used in the past.. each blue hand/foot strap is individually anchored to the wall, I prefer the "yellow" TRX equipment which seems to force you to use your "core" more for stability and the handles and cradles are "softer/padded"  (just my preference).Burnt 444 calories (via my Polar) which is great considering I usually burn 550-650 in a 60 minute TRX class.
5	I was googling pilates studios in town, I came across this one. I'm glad I found this one!  Went Wednesday took my first Free class: TRX /Reformer, it was great. I can't wait to take barre/Trx class.  Studio is very nice inside, will be back soon.
5	Going tonight for my 3rd class, trying cardio pilates class! It's going to be great. Everyone at the studio is amazing here, super friendly.
5	First time to Pilates. My husband and I had a duet session. The instructor was great and really took the time to ensure we did it correctly.  Will be back many more times.
5	Pilates Reformer Cardio Class- Favorite workout of 2013. I know this isn't an exciting restaurant review with food porn, but I'm kind of pissed at food right now and the way it's making my clothes reject me. Though I haven't done much working out this year for some reason I sure am glad I was turned on to Core Studios. The beautiful Michelle was my instructor though I didn't know that when she signed me in. If I would have known I wouldn't have shared with her the fact I had just wolfed down a donut and a slice of pizza prior to walking through the door. OOPS.Bad, bad girl. Our class was a party of two and we each had our own Reformer. THOSE OF YOU WHO HAVE NEVER TAKEN A PILATES REFORMER CLASS THE MOVEMENTS YOU ARE DOING WITH YOUR LEGS AND HIPS FEELS LIKE A MUSCLE AND BONE MASSAGE. Nothing compares. The class is challenging, but rewarding because of all the stretching you do. It felt amazing to me. I use to own an old school reformer I bought off of QVC, but even with no formal training Michelle made sure that each of us had a challenging workout at our different levels of experience. I left sweating, sore, loose and more centered. Thank you Michelle!I only wished the studio was closer to me because at 36 I am like Senior Citizen status when it comes to how far I will drive unless it's for a guy or a movie. It's time to put my fitness at the top of the list again so my clothes and I can live happily ever after.Core Studios, I'll be back!
4	I love Core Studios. I've taken a couple classes and thus far Core Reformer with Stephanie is my favorite. Stephanie is able to modify positions to ones needs and works with you to make sure you are have proper form.  All the reformer classes have a max of 6 people due to limited space in the studio. Personally I think this is great as the instructor is able to give everyone one on one attention periodically. The only problem with the limited number of spaces is classes do book up so I would recommend booking in advance online just remember to cancel up to 24 hours before class or pay a cancelation fee.
5	This Pilates studio is great! I bought a groupon that included 4 classes and am sad to say I have used all of them. I will be buying individual classes! Michelle teaches an amazing class on Sundays. The studio is clean and very well laid out. Kudos
5	I am obsessed with this place. I've taken two classes so far and they have both kicked my butt SO hard! The instructors are great also, they make you feel really comfortable and don't make you feel judged if you can't finish a set. I've taken the reformer pilates with TRX and the booty and arms class. It's a little pricey but you definitely get what you pay for and I think it's worth every cent!
1	I thought this place was pretty decent, until I was relocated for work and unable to use my last 8 sessions. promo sessions or not, I was surprised to hear that they would not refund me 80$ for the sessions that I'm unable to use. They apparently need to keep customers money for services that are unable to be used. Bad business and very tacky, disappointed and thought they would do better. Very rude and very dismissive, and could care less about referrals or return clients. An exception could have been made here, being that I really liked this place, I purchased the Groupon, single sessions, and then this promo package of ten sessions. Have a nice day!
