5	Drais was so much fun! They have a fireworks package on the menu! The menu is the same as all other clubs, but moderate for the area and location you get! The tables were very spacious by Vegas standards, there are red booths between the main room and patio on the dance floor, perfect location for everything. I liked the view, fun to see the Fountains from above. The music was great! They played a bit of everything so a nice change from what you see at other big clubs. The LED screens and disco ball took the party to another level. They have one wall that is covered in crystals which I need to do that in my house! We danced all night, I cant wait for our next adventure at Drais! (I highly recommend checking out Drais Beach Club too)
5	Favorite new club in town. Cool led walls, open format music and has the best view of the Las Vegas strip. Club is also always full of good looking people and throws a good party. Definitely a place to check out when visiting Vegas.
5	SO MUCH FUN! I danced all night, it is my new favorite spot. High Energy music, places to hang out, places to go crazy, great place for photo opps above the strip. I recommend it to EVERYONE.
5	I don't normally do reviews, but we couldn't find anywhere else that could match the view, music, and overall atmosphere. Make sure you end up at Drai's!!
5	Went to Drai's last night for the first time. I was a bit skeptical since I has been to gambling bills before, but after I saw the Cromwell renovations, I figured I would give it a shot. I arrive at the club at about 9:40. The doors didn't open until 10, but the guy at the ropes, I think his name was Derek, was very friendly and personable. I ended up in the club by 10:20, and immediately was drawn into the decor. Very modern, but not overwhelmingly so. After walking down a short hallway, there's a balcony which is a great spot for pictures and really shows off the uniqueness of the club.I really liked the layout inside. It is large enough that the dance floor and table areas makes sense, which I was really happy to see. I'm glad it didn't turn into a cramped space like you would experience at surrender. The outside looked amazing! Although the pool area was small, the daybeds and cabanas were spread out nicely, and each one had a fantastic view of the strip, which really highlighted the uniqueness of the club. The waitresses were very quick to take our orders and fill them. After spending 30-40 minutes waiting for bottles at marquee and XS, this was a very nice change. Over all, Drai's met and exceeded my expectations. I would definitely recommend this to others!
5	One of the largest and most beautiful set up clubs I have ever went to this weekend. I guess this club is only two weeks old and the place was too large to ever get it over crowded. The music during the weekend was edm and to me it was ok.Overall this club was something's out need to see  scenic, big, beautiful.
5	Best club ever. Beautiful people, rooftop, nice drinks. $30 cover, no shorts, no running shoes, shirt must have collar.
5	Whoa.  This place is awesome!We were on the guest list and the line for that was extremely long.  We had to be in by 10:30PM to avoid paying a cover.  Getting anxious because being a guy, I'd rather not pay a hefty cover.  I'd rather use that on a couple of drinks.The guys in suits (wouldn't consider them bouncers) were really helpful.  One of them checked us in and gave us the guest list pass.  You then proceed to the elevator section.  There's no one really guiding you so just hop on with your friends and other people who are ready to party.There are a lot of stairs here so those heels can be a tough one to deal with.  Otherwise, once you get there, you know you're there.  Amazing.Three bars total, which helps a lot.  One outside near the pool and then two inside that are opposite of each other.Atmosphere and vibe here is just crazy good.  And the view being on the rooftop of The Cromwell makes it that much better.Only downside was that there were a lot of creepers here.  Both male and female.  But that's normal at any club, I guess.  Great music too.  DJ's seemed to switch off every half hour.  That could be good and bad.  In this case, it kept the party on a good note and opposite of boring.
5	Wow, beautiful club! I am not a fan of EDM music at all, but I ended up loving this place. The line was super long, even for those on guest list. Arrive early for guaranteed entrance! Despite the length, we got in pretty quick.I was really worried about getting in, because we once tried Drai's in Hollywood & that was definitely a horrible, chaotic experience. Drai's LV is a completely different story.The club is beautiful!! You take an elevator up & it opens up to a nicely draped hallway. Your first glimpse of the club is over a balcony. Perfect for taking pictures!There are A LOT of stairs... Pay attention because I wasn't, lol.Three bars, a million tables, nicely sized dance floor, attention grabbing decor & graphics and overall an amazing view. It almost reminds you of Surrender, but this is 1000x better.Their bartenders were AMAZING! Shout out to our Asian bartender with an afro.. I think his name was Lawren. He does this sleek trick with throwing the napkins to land perfectly in front of you, ready for him to place your drinks on. Very, very generous pours & fast service. Unlike most clubs in Vegas, you only had to wait a minute at most in line to order your drinks. Kept the flow and good feelings going all night.The music is pretty good. They switch DJs every 30 mins or so which keeps it from being repetitive. Keep an eye out for DJ EFX debuting this Thursday, June 12th!
5	The club opened Memorial Day weekend. We went the weekend after.  To make life easier, we bought tickets online.  The tickets were 20+ for ladies and 30+ for gentlemen.  It wasn't crowd, which was nice.  May change as soon as the word spreads.  The crowd is pretty mixed. It's a nice open aired venue similar to XS. The bathrooms are down the stairs which is a bit of a pain, but everything else is great. The decor is nice and modern and if you're outside, there's a great view of the strip! I would definitely go back. Although the dj wasn't the greatest that night.
5	What can I say... I was so excited to finally go check out Drai's and it did not disappoint. Beautiful club with great atmosphere and plenty of space. Nice size tables and of course the fact that its a rooftop venue with a view is pretty awesome. I'm not a fireworks guy so that doesn't do it for me but others seemed to enjoy. The staff was friendly and attentive.Wish Cromwell had more parking space but trust me.. it's worth the extra walk.I look forward to more visits to Drai's and many more nights of partying.
5	Love this place!! Great Dj, great Staff, very helpful. The atmosphere and ambiance is incredible.
5	Wow!  I can't believe this is the same place that Bill's used to be.  I didn't want to like it because I loved the old school atmosphere that Bill's was, but they did an amazing job.  It is gorgeous!  This has to be the best view of any of the mega clubs.  Watch out Vegas, Victor Drai has stepped it up!
5	OMG! This club is amazing!  We went to Vegas for a girls trip and it was our friend's bday.  Everyone was talking about this new club that just opened so we gave it a try that Friday night.  The place is incredible!  Nothing like I've EVER seen where we are from!  My friends and I were very pleased with the club!  The place was packed!  We laughed, had good drinks and danced all night.  The dj was great too, she kept the energy going all night.  The staff was friendly and we got our drinks quickly.  No complaints from me.  Drais is definitely THE new hot spot in Vegas.  I recommend everyone to go check it out, you've got to see it to believe it.  I'll be back again to party again with you soon before the end of summer :)
5	The new club at Drais has shifted the emipcenter of fun on the Las Vegas Strip for sure. The roof top view of the strip from this club is second to none. The music and lighting of this club is state of the art. Not only is this one of the best looking clubs in Las Vegas but the bottle girls are friendly and beautiful. I went opening weekend (memorial day weekend) and the environment was energetic. I also went the following weekend to see if it was a fluke and to my surprise I had more fun the second time around. This goes to show that this club offers something special and different than 99% of the clubs in Vegas. This is a must see and must do when youre in Vegas. Drais out did itself!!!
5	Woah! This is hands down, the most amazing and beautiful club I have ever been to in my entire life! Are you kidding me?!? The moment I walked in and saw the club, with the pool area behind it and the strip behind that- I was in love! This is something everyone needs to experience. The music, along with all the special effects (LED lights, confetti, presentations) made the whole night so much fun and exciting! They even have fireworks shows off the rooftop sometimes. Service was perfect! The cocktail waitresses are beautiful and on it- always making sure drinks are full and our table was perfect at all times. I really appreciate that. Am definitely coming back for another amazing experience!
5	This club is out of this world! The views are second to none- hands down! It was a busy night with lots of people, but there was plenty of room to walk around and dance. Also, for as busy as this Saturday night was, the service was still excellent. To me, that's huge!My friends and I had a great table on the dance floor and it wasn't even expensive compared to other clubs in Vegas. Which shocked us all because it's the newest club and just so sick! We'll be back for sure the next time we hit up Vegas!
5	If you want to go to Vegas, wait in long lines and deal with ridiculous table prices to see the same old DJ, then this is not your place.     Great atmosphere, friendly staff, and top notch customer service. Truly the most beautiful venue in Vegas, from the lighting, led's, tables, views, pool....every inch has been detailed to perfection for a great look. Great times over all!!!
5	My boyfriend and I went to check it out because it was a new venue and we actually had a good time. We haven't went to the beach club but the night club was fun! It's one of the clubs that has an out doors part and indoors, so it feels like you have more room. Which we personally like to goto more. The view from outside was the perfect view of the strip so we mainly hung out at the outside bar. The inside portion really stood out, all of the walls were screens with lights. We didn't stay long because we had to work in the morning but we will defiantly be back!
5	After being inside every club in Vegas. I didn't think I could be surprised and wowed like I was at the new Drais club. Everything starting from the wall decor to the layout and obviously the view alone is to die for. It has the best of all the clubs in Vegas. Gorgeous outside seating, cabanas for large parties and the inside is just done very tastefully. If I had to choose one club to go to in Vegas it would be Drais.
5	This is the most beautiful club! The views of the strip are amazing and the staff is super nice!
5	Located inside the newly remodeled hotel now called Cromwell, Drais is fastly becoming my favorite club in Las Vegas. With a gorgeous setting overlooking the strip and the world famous fountains of Bellagio the view from the club is simply amazing and incomparable. In addition, every staff member I had interacted with was very friendly which was a nice surprise, when compared to staff of other clubs on the strip. Keep up the fabulous job Drais! Def coming back.
5	Wow. Is this club amazing!! Located inside the Cromwell atop of the hotel is where you'll find Drai's. With an open rooftop patio where you can take in all the views that it has to offer. It's really a breathtaking view. The layout is pretty cool half inside with a big covered club that kinda looks like the inside of Space Mountain and the other half is the rooftop patio with pools and jacuzzis and palm trees and synthetic grass. I went during their grand opening MDW and it was insane! Everyone was full of energy and the club was really packed. A good kinda pack though. And you can make your way to and out of the club to the patio which is always nice to catch a break and get a nice view. Can't wait to go back!
5	Drais has become one of my favorite clubs. I went the other night and my waitress Lanni was amazing. Music was on point, service was great, and the venue is awesome! Definitely bumped Marquee to my second favorite. Can't wait till I have time off to go back!
5	Where to begin!! this club is honestly amazing! The view of the strip is spectacular and the led walls and lasers are very eye catching. The decor is all black and pink inside and white pink and yellow outside. I went on a Thursday when DJ spider was playing and I had no idea who he was but I really liked his set. He mixed edm with hiphop really well, I had a lot of fun. One of my favorite clubs in Vegas. I can't wait till the word spreads and they get some headliner djs, they're gonna kill it.
5	Drais is by far one of the nicest clubs I have ever been to. I once thought there were "other" clubs that would be more spectacular than this place but after being at drais for a pool party and the night club; I found my theory to be wrong. From the massive interior of the night club to amazing rooftop view you get from the pool. Nothing is more magical than being able to see the bellagio fountains right from your table, love it! The pool is a decent size and the palm trees on the rooftop are breath taking. Service I would say was good I had no complaints bartenders extremely nice and waitresses were just a blast to have around. I love this place and would recommend it to anyone and know they would not be let down!
5	Drais is by far the best place in Vegas now!  10000 times better than the old venue and the most fun I've had in Vegas in years.  Does not disappoint.
5	This has to be the best night club I've ever experienced! The staff, atmosphere & general ambiance were spectacular - I will definitely come back here any and every time I'm in Vegas.
5	Its the best club I ever been! Its beautiful, the music can't be better and all the people there was very cool :)
5	I actually visited this club twice in one day, sort of... Daytime for the dayclub/pool and again at night. The difference, while not quite night and day (haha), was pretty striking. The nightclub is just as, if not more, beautiful than the dayclub. The rooftop is open and the view of Vegas at night is always amazing. However, being inside the club is just as fantastic an experience. You can still see outside and it has a very open feel, but the light show, the huge disco ball, the projections, and the awesome sound system... you truly can't beat it. The club certainly got packed at points during the night, but they have a pretty good crowd management system and I never felt sardined in or squished. We had a table, and the service was very attentive, friendly and swift. We never felt like we had to look around and hunt for our server, and the bussers did a great job of clearing things out and making sure mixers were replenished. The go-go dancers were beautiful (and diverse), and there was all around a wonderful energy throughout the club.The music, the design, the scene, the staff... everything worked just perfectly. Drai's- you've got a winner here.
5	I was really impressed. I honestly didn't expect it to be so fabulous. The whole remodel looks amazing and I had a great time there. The view is fabulous and the music and set up is great! It raises the bar on how a Vegas nightclub should really be. I highly recommend this place.
5	Although I had heard great things about the new Drais, I was still a bit skeptical after spending one too many early mornings at the old after hours Drais.Yes, they took the look of Surrender, mixed it with the elevated surroundings of Marquee and added a perfect unpretentious vibe.Most places in Vegas are EITHER/OR.  Yeah, it's nice but the DJ has played EDM with the same beat and two words for three straight hours.  OR yeah, the place is fun but the crowd is scary and I can't find my wallet.  This place has a gorgeous layout, great combo of EDM and hip-hop, and the staff is very helpful.  I can't explain it but everyone seems to lose the arrogance typical of many Vegas spots and just has fun but the place is just as nice as any of the other megaclubs  --yes, that one too.  Highly recommended.
5	This is the most beautiful nightclub I have ever seen. The LED lights are insane and the view is the absolute best view of the strip looking right at the Bellagio fountains.
5	Came here with a Group and.we all love it!!Large dance floor with patio and pool (which they also allow u to dip ur feet in & dance on a platform that u can easy access to)Great viewThe DJ Was awesome!We came on a Saturday night of EDC wkend and it was not crowded. The guestlist was super fast. we were able to get drinks fast at the bar (which is possible at big clubs)I definitely recommend this place!!!!!Definitely beats hakkasan (dont waste ur time here) marquee, Tao,and lavo.. Ive been to pure, voodoo which are okay but they have became my second choice now over drais.
5	I can't even say anything amazing about Drai's that hasn't already been said in the other five star reviews here. Not only was staff friendly and helpful (which is rare at the newest and nicest places), the experience was just wonderful. I have been wanting to visit since seeing the conceptual drawings last year and rarely does a venue really live up to the beauty of those pictures. Drai's looked exactly like what they had designed AND better. We ended up getting invited to a table right behind the DJ booth and the server and hosts were all so nice and constantly checking on us. Even before we were at the table, service was still really great and the bartenders were wonderful. Touche, Drai's. You really are amazing.
4	I can't believe this place is the same place. Their remodeling is amazing! The club is super nice and the out door area reminds me of a mix between surrender and marquee. The place is a little smaller than the other clubs but they don't pack in as many people so it's comfortable. I'll def be back for their dayclub
5	The most beautiful club I've ever been to. From the decor to the view, it's a sight to see. Truly amazing.
5	I honestly was shocked that I really enjoyed this place! Came here for my cousins bachelorette party and was like WOW the moment I walked in. The dance floor was a decent sized, I loved the outdoor area. Wish I had gone here for the day club! The music was really really good that night. It reminded me of XS but it doesn't get overly packed (like Hakkasan where you can't move). You can still dance here! There is enough space too! I like it.
5	Amazing club! Beautiful staff and great service! I will definitely be back... I went three nights in a row after my first trip. The LED display is the best I have ever seen in my life!!
4	First of all, let me just say, wow. As soon as you walk in you get a full view of the entire club from the balcony. It's beautiful!! You can even get a great view out to the rooftop pool. The giant disco ball and LED lights were pretty nice too! Service was good. The waitress brought out everything In a timely manner and was always around to attend. The rush didn't flow in until a little later around 12:30ish. But when around 1 it was filled and the party was great! Music was good, a little mix of everything. Overall, we had a good experience. Club was very elegant, staff was nice and a mixed crowd. Will definitely come back.
5	Oh my god, is this place beautiful. After coming here for the first time I was sold all ready. From the reception at the door till I left late at night never have I been treated any better. I've been to many Vegas clubs and hands down this is the prettiest club in Vegas. Normally when you go to clubs in Vegas the staff is rude and the night is mediocre. I can honestly say that drais isn't anything like this. I felt welcomed at the door, off course there was a little cue but it's nothing like the other clubs one off the security staff checked in with me twice while in the cue after the little wait we took the elevator to the top floor. What can I say I was sold the first moment I saw this place. Once you go up the elevator the first view you get is from the back straight out the club, I would describe it but you really have to go there to understand. As we arrived early one of the staff told us to go watch the Bellagio fountains from the outside area. Ow my god it must be the best viewing point to see these. The music was so good all night I don't even remember who was playing.I would say so much more about this place but I would really suggests you come check out this place. Hands down my favorite club in Vegas.
5	This really is the most beautiful club in Vegas! I was so impressed with the venue. I love how spacious it is, even though it's packed you can still walk around, dance and breathe lol. On top of that, there isn't one bad table in the entire place. You have to experience it to believe it!
5	I have never experience a place in Vegas that has a beautiful pool area outside with the outstanding view and music. Not only you can enjoy a music but also a great place to get together with the group of friends and actually have a conversation without yelling. Have I mentioned the view? Yes this is probably one of the best views of Las Vegas strip! Will definitely recommend to all of my friends to come To drais night club, where they can dance at the club with the awesome led lasers and cool djs, and also just sip on the cocktail enjoying the view of Bellagios fountains! Beautiful place!
5	This brand new club is amazing!!! The view from the rooftop club beats all other views I've seen in Vegas!! It's classy and fun and the overall look of the club inside and out is phenomenal!!! They have a crazy light show that you just can't get enough of, and the ball that drops down and goes back up throughout the night is captivating! Not to mention the service is amazing!!
4	The most GORGEOUS club in all of Vegas in my opinion  The decor, the people...you'll marvel at ALL the beauty  going on! (or at least applaud the choice of plastic surgeons!!) Aw who cares...it's VEGA$ BABY!!! And this place is a "must see"! (I haven't seen this many gorgeous folk since South Beach!) (got a line pass because I stayed at the Cromwell.Opt for bottle service at your table (avoid the lines) or try and snag a table poolside...and whatever you do make sure to check out this new spot!
5	This club blows every other club away!  Beyond beautiful!  Once you step off the elevator you are hit with the most incredible view, the club opens to the pool, which overlooks the strip. Breathtaking! The vibe throughout the night just intensifies with great energy. The leds, the lights,  the dancers,  the dj's... Just AMAZING!  Can't wait to go again
1	Not my favorite club in Las vegas.
5	One of the nicer clubs on strip. As a vegas local I try to stay away from strip but this place has kept me coming back. I love the lights here round of applause to the light guy for coordinating such a beautiful light show. And of course my favorite part is the pool area if you need to get away from the crazy club goers for a bit you can go outside and take in the great view of strip. I really can't say that I have been a to a nicer club. Bravo, victor drais, bravo.
4	I came here last Saturday July 5th, I walked in and walked out. Don't get me wrong this club is BEAUTIFUL and the layout is cool, I wish the outdoor portion was open (maybe it opened up after I left lol.)I had no problem getting into this club (thanks to the guest list) and I even got ONE free drink ticket (my pineapple vodka was o.k.) My problem with this club was the MUSIC! I don't know how the hell people can dance to the same beat that goes on and on (don't get me wrong, I like some EDM/House but I like variety.)So I finished my drink and left, I gave this place 4 stars because it's a gorgeous venue and people who love dancing to the same beat over and over again will LOVE this place. I'm just not one of them : / but at least I can say I've been here : ).
4	Came here on Sunday night after our dinner at Lavo via a limo and guestlist setup through vegas VIP for Free, which is surprisingly legit and I will review them separately. No problems entering again. We had already experienced the dayclub pool party the day before and had a great time so it was worth checking out the nightclub too. Still as beautiful at night as it is in the day - fresh, clean, open, looking out into the outdoor pool section, open air vegas strip view, just pretty all around. Music was poppin again, great hiphop and top 40's, yet somehow the vibes of the crowd was off, lots of girls, barely any gentlemen, much less hot ones, crowd just wasnt feeling it yet, maybe it was still too early, maybe cause its a Sunday, maybe cause the place is still so new that they're still attracting random crowds, maybe it was the depressing cripple in a wheelchair sitting in the corner... Either way we left and headed over to The Bank as we originally planned, but was still nice to just check the place out while things are still so new, look forward to seeing its night club scene again next year during our annual vegas trip, it will be a lil more established and surely will be a solid party to add to the rotation.
4	I ended coming here two nights in a row bc it was within walking distance to Caesar's Palace, which was nice.  Because my friends knew someone, we got in without paying cover and didn't have to wait in line the first night.  The second night, there was a mix up, so we had to pay $20 but didn't have to wait in line.  The club is really nice with an outdoor area - it's not too big, though.  The outdoor area at XS is a lot larger.  There are places where you can sit outside without buying a table, which is nice.  Drinks are expensive, but normal for a Vegas club - 4 shots and one drink came to $98 w/out tip!  The dancefloor isn't too big but it's at least easy to get to.  There are plenty of restrooms, so we didnt have to wait long.  If only the music was better....they also don't have any well known DJs.  Crowd is mixed, definitely more White than anything with a few sprinklings of Asian.
5	My new favorite Vegas club!!!Gorgeous venue with a gorgeous crowd.PROs:-Venue: Open layout ensures that even at capacity, there's still room to move through the club and dance without being too crowded. Plenty of elevated stages to dance on! Lots of lights all over, rave ambience without being pitch black like some clubs.-Views: Great views of the strip. -Music: Amazing EDM, perfection. -Crowd: Same crowd as the other classy clubs on the strip (think Marquee, Hakkasan) dressy but fun, hot and plenty of dancing. -Service: Friendly and fast despite lines.CONs:-Drinks: very expensive ($14 minimum) -Entry: there's always a line to get in but that's to be expected on the strip (either get there early or find a good promoter)
1	I am giving 1 star because a manager bouncer kiks us out after paying 2500 for a bottle service they changes our table after 2 hours and took us inside told them we are not happy with the table inside we went back out side to get our table back by the pool our drinks were all gone and after all that they did not know what to do so we get kicked out for no reason just because we want our table back after paying 2500 cash great club shitty bouncers and hostess... Thanks but no thanks been to way better clubs and we were treated better then Drais only because of the bouncer with a beard and he was really fat said his the manager what was he managing I don't know because he could not even manage a table....
4	Drai's Nightclub may not have the hottest acts just yet but the rooftop club is definitely one of the best looking of the bunch so far.  Going into Drai's, you'll see the entrance on the first floor of the Cromwell near the middle of the venue. Once you get in, you'll be taken up an elevator into the club arena.  A giant ball in the middle of the venue highlights the plasma screens behind the DJ.  Two bars are on opposite sides of the dance floor with a back pathway and a pathway behind the DJ toward the restrooms.  You'll also see the pool/beautiful view as you come into the club behind the dance floor.  The whole club has really nice lighting filled with all the typical club decorations like lights, smoke, confetti.  The bar is fairly typical Vegas fare (my Long Island cost about $18 which seemed normal) and there are a few poles for girls to dance on surrounding the dance floor.  The acoustics were nice as well - with the huge opening towards the pool, it doesn't feel overly loud like Hakkasan and the dance floor is slightly bigger than some of the more cramped clubs.  Musically, the acts are not going to be your big EDM headliners and there isn't a hip-hop floor (that I found).  Also, the pool-side area of the club during the nightclub may or may not be open depending on the general manager. Check with the promoter/club before you go if you really want a spectacular view.  Unfortunately during my visit, the pool wasn't open to explore - I kind of wish that there was some notice because it would've been pretty cool to explore that side too.  Security and the staff were friendly and the line went by pretty quickly (at least for the ticket line).   Drai's definitely has a lot of potential with a great-looking interior, a beautiful view and a nice arrangement.  Looking forward to seeing it grow in the future.
5	This new club is probably one of the best ones I've been to in Vegas.  The service was magnificent and I will most definitely come back the next time I'm in town.  The view was also a favorite.  Chris Traer is the best host!!!
5	Drai's is awesome! I was there for a bachelorette party and we all had a great time! Our table was right next to the DJ booth (3lau was playing that night). Lights, music, and the drinks were all great. The club is huge with a really big dance floor. Our promoter Chris T. definitely hooked us up. We'll b back next time we're in Vegas for sure!
1	Basically, if Calvin the promoter offers you a table and bottles, FIND SOMEONE ELSE because he's the most unprofessional person I've ever dealt with. My friends and I (group of 8 girls) were asked to go to Drai's based on the fact that we would get a table and instead of saying he couldn't pull through (after we were already IN the club) he kept texting us that he would be right up, or he was on his way, etc. etc. We ended up having  great time without his help, but it seems like shitty PR to me for them to allow this guy to represent their otherwise pretty cool establishment. If it wasn't for this immensely unprofessional and unhelpful guy we would all have left much better reviews.EDIT: I see this has happened before, so BEWARE
3	One of those places that I needed to visit to get out of my system, but will probably never be back.The promoter that I went through was horrible (I don't want to put him under scrutiny). Anyways, he promised my friends a comp table on a Saturday night through his manager's approval. We waited in the table service line for a while until he texted one of my friends that we actually had to wait in the general admission line.. what? There's a reason why they have that table service line so you DON'T have to wait in the long general admission, but whatever. We finally got in and NOT to my surprise we weren't seated at a table. He texted my friend saying he was on the way and that if we couldn't wait we would have to speak with his manager, give his name, and then he would provide us a table. Sounds like too much work at 11 o'clock. He just sounded too sketchy and just not reliable. I've had my experience with promoters, but no one as questionable as this one.Anyways, the inside was alright.. I expect something up to par with The Light and Hakkasan, but this just didn't do it for me. It's a night beach club which looks awfully like Surrender, BUT their outside area was about half the size of Surrender? The dance floor area looked a lot bigger and they have this cool disco ball in the middle. I went on a Saturday night and all they played was EDM which I don't mind, but mix in some variety at least.All in all, I won't be back - just needed to see how it was.
1	Giving it 1 star just for the gorgeous rooftop view of the Strip. Otherwise, beware of unprofessional and unreliable promoters. Tip to the management: having patrons treated very rudely is not the way to bring in business, especially if you can't compete wit hthe other clubs' big name DJs/performers. We enjoyed Drai's regardless because of the ambience and the crowd and the fact that it's not as packed as the more popular clubs, but we won't be coming back if service continues to be as horrible as it is now.
4	I came here back in June and it was so dead that we had to leave and go to Marquee for the party. Coming back here again this weekend was a different story. It was now way too packed that it was hard to move around on the dance floor. Instead we spent a lot of time outside enjoying the beautiful view. Even from the outside, you can still see the lights and hear the music very clearly. You can even take your shoes off and get into the pool with 3 inch deep water.After the crowd thinned a bit, there was finally room on the dance floor to just let loose and have that EDM music take you to heaven. The music was epic. The energy was insane. The lights put you into a trance. And you know what? I didn't drink that night, I was drunk off the music and light show.
1	It's very hard to trust Drai's promoters now. My group of girls got approached while we were walking on the strip by a promoter named Calvin Coolidge, who claimed to get us "two tables, 3 bottles of vodka, 2 bottles of champagne" for free. Thinking that it was too good to be true, I talked back and forth with the promoter through text trying to figure out if their offer was legit. Everything went smoothly (communication, getting into the club, being on the guestlist) until we actually got inside. He told us that he would meet us by the bar, but kept us waiting for an hour. He kept saying things like "I'm coming up, be there in a sec, my manager won't let me in."I'm sorry but, please don't make promises if you can't pull through. You're wasting everyone's time. The whole process was very unprofessional. One star for the complimentary drink ticket and spacious dance floor.
1	Oh Drai's. We had an amazing night at your beautiful club but my girls and I had to give you a one star rating instead of the five it deserved because of your promoter: Calvin Coolidge.He promised us a table and drinks to convince us to go to Drai's instead of Hassakans and we agreed because he seemed professional. It went downhill from there. He kept us hanging for TWO HOURS saying "meet you at the bar", "almost there", "be there in 5 minutes", and "be there by 12, promise". That was the last text we received and we stayed until 1am. After our night was over, I texted him asking why he hadn't shown up. He replied, "oh my manager wouldn't even let me in so it's not my fault". Really dude?? And even if that were true, the professional thing would have been to let us know from the start and apologize so we weren't waiting on him for two hours. Looking through the reviews, it looks like we aren't the only people he bailed on.Drai's Management: Just this past weekend, you had a FIVE STAR rating on Yelp. Now it's down to 4. Coincidence? I think not. You have an amazing establishment, don't let it's reputation go downhill because of one shitty promoter.
5	This club is Very impressive! The light show is 2nd to none. The staff is very nice and accommodating! if you need a host ask for Chenzo!
5	This last weekend I was at Vegas! Boy do I want to go back!Saturday night my friends and I attended Drai's Nightclub. This club was definitely everything everyone talks about from the entrance, dance floor, outdoor pool party section and the amazing view of Vegas! I totally recommend this club if you're in Vegas. The music was good a little bit of everything, lots of lights, crowd all around was good people just wanting to have a good time. And a big thanks to our tend bar/promoter Ronaldo he was awesome from getting us in easy breezy and accommodating us inside. Drai's I can't wait to go back!
5	I was going to give four starts due to the 1.5 hr line I had to wait in. But honestly if I had arrived much earlier this would have not happen so I recommend if you will be visiting this club, arrive early. They are so good that they get packed!. I had a great time. The staff is polite and that is something hard to find in a night club. Lighting, music and drinks are great. I can definitely recommend this place with no hesitation.
4	This Club reminds me of a miniature XS, but the catch is it's on the hotel rooftop!  Dancefloor lighting was excellent, could get crowded there, but still a large dancefloor for a club.  There is a large outside patio area complete with pools and Cabanas and view of the strip.  Our group was able to get bottle service at the cabana and was able to accommodate our 20+ group easily.  Our Cabana had a large Jacuzzi spa that all the girls were dipping their feet into and dancing in.  Came here on a Friday night, it wasnt too crowded and they actually only opened up about half of the patio area.  Music was EDM this night, which is usual for the strip.  Would recommend as long as they dont pack in the people when they get more popular.
5	Drias is an after hour club meaning... The club after the club. Day 1 in Vegas, my friends and I decided to go after hours. Let's just say I had so much fun that when I got out, it was day light!!! :)
5	Great club!!  Very beautiful inside , great drink service . Will go again! Had no problem with Guestlist .
4	Just an update: Soon after I put up my previous review, Drai's management contacted me, apologized for what had happened and promised to rectify the situation. That was unexpected and really professional of them so I want to update my review to reflect on Drai's itself, not the shady promotor. We'll see whether they get the full 5 the next time I stop by!
5	Aside from the cover charge here, this place is AMAAAAAAAZING it's like something out of a movie. The DJ is off the hook, the light shows are super awesome, the bouncers are nice, and the dancers are great too. Good turn out it's always packed but there's so much room here it isn't awful.
5	Another nightclub I fell in love with! Loved the big open space venue~ Sweet vibe, sweet lights and music was even sweeter! This place is gorgeous.. had such an amaaazing time. Look forward to coming back to drais.
5	This venue was super nice!! The music was mixed, a little too techno sounding for my taste but it was a cool spot with nice atmosphere. I would go again only with a table because I do not like to stand around all night and this place was packed. Came in as a guest and was comped 2 free drinks. Much better arrangement than other places Ive been that tell you there is only one liquor available for free drinks and that is the one liquor you don't drink. You could have any drink under a certain dollar amount. That was wonderful! Anyway hit this spot for the club or the after hours.
2	I may edit this review at some point in time because I've heard a lot of great things about this venue. But one thing I want to really point out is that John and Eric (two short asian guys) are the worst and most unprofessional bouncers ever. First they accidentally let in the wrong girls in with us and left out our other half of our groups, clearly those extra girls who got in with us are obviously not with us, then we let them know, and they don't even own up to their mistake and complain that we are wasting their time and give us 10 seconds to gather our group of 40 people. Are you kidding me? If you can't maintain your attitude and problem solve then find a new gig, don't be rude.
4	Pre-arrival: At fat Tuesdays taking terrible 1 dollar shots of everclear. My friend and I decide to go over to drais.At the ropes: There's a small crowd trying to gain entry in the front and no GA line at the time. It is about 1:30 am. I spoke to someone I don't know but explain I have a buddy that is a host. My buddy was not working at the time but the gentlemen comped entry for my friend and I on his behalf. Getting in was no hassle at all. It can be some places even when everyone knows you.The Venue: When you make your way out of the elevator you instantly here the bass and music tho you can not see it right away. You walk towards the sound around a bend then bam! there's a great above   view of the entire nightclub looking out into the pool area. Music is ok. They don't get the best talent but they make up for it with a amazing venue. Drinks cost 18 each. So I did not drink there. The people inside were all very attractive and everyone appeared to be having fun!Overall: I like the place a lot. They do seem to have a good amount of trouble packing the place and keeping it packed. With better talent I would have easily given this place 5 stars.
4	Nice club!Our wait to get in wasn't a wait at all. We were basically walking straight through and into the club. When we walked in it was very nice! The decor is so beautiful!Drinks are very expensive, but that's to be expected. There's this great ball on the ceiling of the club and led screens going out of it. There's cool features to this club. The other plus about this club is that you can find places to sit where you don't have to have bottle service! Find a promoter and get in for free with a 1:1 ratio. Seriously, it'll pay off in the long run, especially for you guys out there. The only thing I didn't like about this place was that they boast the best views of the strip from their rooftop club. They NEVER opened up the outside! It was roped off the entire night, and we never were able to see those "spectacular" views of the strip. We were looking forward to seeing those views and we never got to. The security was no help either. When we asked when the pool area would be opened up they just responded, "soon."Nice club, and I can only imagine even nicer when you can hang around the pool area.
5	I am not usually a nightclub person, even though I work in the industry. This place BLEW my mind. We had a table on the stage and it was absolutely amazing. The energy and effects in this place are crazy. Worth every penny you spend in here. Liked this place way better than XS and they are also really good about getting you in quickly. My favorite part of my trip to Vegas, and now my favorite club in the world.
4	My deep-rooted dislike of LV Strip nightclubs may have finally found its cure....Drai's Nightclub is seriously doing something right.  The music is phenomenal, as is the sound system and the incredible light-show/special effects. It's definitely an "experience". The dance floor, while sticky from spilled drinks and crowded, is still a fun place to jam/dance around. The decor is lovely, and the dancers were pretty hott. The crowd the night I came was great...lots of bachelor/ette parties, but also just a lot of fun-loving people. The bar set-up was well organized and wait time for drinks was surprisingly short considering the amount of people here.  It definitely helped that the outdoor pool area/sitting area was open and while the club was totally "poppin'", you could find a place to catch your breath between dances. The view of the Strip  at night is awesome!Service was fantastic. Shout-out to bartender Ronaldo for being awesome and making some great drinks :) Now, if they opened like a "nighttime pool party" here, this would totally be a 5 star review!! Just imagine....you're having a blast dancing around on the dance floor and getting all sweaty, then you can just go ahead and jump into the pool to cool off, or dance around in the water...that would be so perfect for a hot summer night in LV! Beware, they really like to use the strobe lights, so if you are prone to seizures or photophobia, this might not be your place....
5	WOW...Just amazing...
5	Personally, I'm not a big fan of clubs, but holy cow this is awesome! It's half outside, half inside, on a rooftop, with a crazy light show, confetti, excellent music, very well-dressed and a generally courteous crowd. For the guys who dont really like to dance, just hanging out in the atmosphere outside is fantastic! For those who love to dance, the party vibe here is crazy!! Whenever I go to Vegas, this will be the only club i go to.
4	The venue is pretty nice.  You walk in and see the inside of the club with the pool area in the background.  The venue isn't as big as I thought it would be though.  My friends and I mainly hung out at the bar.  The dance floor wasn't that big.  On the sides of the VIP tables you will find some stripper poles.  My friends had a fun time hanging out in that area.  I had a friend hang out at the back area by the pool and accidentally fell in.  It was hilarious.  It wasn't a pool party lol.  She came out dripping water and everyone was watching.  Luckily she had many people rush by to help her.  She was lucky she didn't get kicked out lol.  We just hung out inside the rest of the night and danced the night away.  What a night...
5	The most beautiful club on Las Vegas Blvd. The view is fantastic. Met Victor on my first visit. It's good to see his dream come to fruition. Cabanas are perfect and have their own private bathrooms. Each cabana has it's OWN bathroom. We had a blast.
5	Classy casino. Fast line. Sexy photos taken at media wall. Elevator ride. Walked in and jaw dropped. Great sound system. Pretty lights. Quick bartenders. Open air. Unbeatable view of the Strip. Dance in the pool, girls. Confetti showers. CO2 jets. Good people. Great friends. Unforgettable night. Best Las Vegas club.
1	The DJ played like the shit and talked more than Played music , never come back here..!!
4	I've been the Drai's twice now. The first night they closed guest list early, before 11:30pm. So our group of 3 ladies had to pay $20 each. Disappointing. The second time we were on guest again. Ladies were free and guys were $40 Saturday night Labor Day Weekend, which is a good deal. Guest list line moves fast.The venue itself is spacious and elegant. It's like Marquee and XS in the sense that there's dance floor inside and a pool outside. Bars are located on opposite side of the dance floor. The highlight of Drai's are the lights. The LED screens, the LED disco ball, the lasers. Whoo fun stuff. Great DJs. BTW Drais is located at the Cromwell hotel, with free valet parking. Just tip the valet please!
5	AMAZING. This club was amazing and I would definitely return. My husband and I traveled to Vegas for a long weekend over Labor Day weekend. We were at TAO prior to this and it was so packed there we could hardly move. We waited in a taxi line at the Venetian and ended up meeting 3 people that told us to come to Drai's with them. We got to the club and the line was ridiculously long. The one guy we were with walked up to a bouncer and talked to him for a few minutes and he pulled the rope open for us and let us in. For free! We got a small ticket from him and proceeded to the elevator. Once we walked to the club I was in awe. Everything was beautiful, clean, and fancy. It had a great atmosphere.I walked up to the bar and told the bartender to make 5 shots his choice. He made raspberry kamikazes that were delicious! the price for 5 of then was $75. We checked out the pool area and we actually did go into it on the ledges. The girl I was with and I walked around by the VIP booths and we had a guy that invited us to his to have a few drinks and shots. We contributed to dance and party until about 4:15. We were going to check out Drai's after hours but the elevator line was so long so we left. This was definitely a great night club experience for me! I lived every second of it and would totally go back.
2	NASTY service at the bar. I went to order a drink at 2 am, and wanted to pay with my card. (I don't really carry cash around vegas) the bartender informed me that their credit card machine was down. OK no problem..  my boyfriend had $24 in cash and asked what he could buy with that amount. In an extremely rude and "i'm better than you"  tone she said " I dont give away FREE SHIT".. um excuse me? This is supposed to be an upscale establishment. I will be taking my business elsewhere, where my boyfriend and I will get treated with respect - see you at LIGHT or MARQUEE instead. would have given one star for this terrible service, but added a star for the venue itself, which was nice.
3	Came by on Saturday night, and the venue was pretty packed. Guys were supposed to be charged at the door, but they let us through. Don't know if that was intentional or not, but I'll take it.The dance floor, although crammed with a ton of people, was pretty large. The floor is surrounded by a ton of LED screens, which added to the atmosphere. And of course, the modern disco ball. Fancy shmancy.DJ that night primarily played EDM tracks while we were there, which was nice... for a while anyways. Some variety wouldn't have hurt.One of their selling points is their outdoor area, which is blocked off for the most part. Meh.For some reason, I wasn't amazed. Probably wouldn't be back unless they get an interesting guest DJ which, at this point, won't likely happen for a while.
4	A great new addition to the list of high-end Las Vegas night life venues! The indoor space is one of the best with a large dance floor, lasers, large screens and special effects. The outdoor space can easily get packed at night, but has a terrific rooftop view of the Strip. Bottle service is top notch and the staff is very friendly and helpful. Booths in the N100 and N200 bank are the best seats in the house. The DJ lineup is decent, but it does not have as many of the top headliners as the other clubs. Still, evenings can get pretty crowded...
5	All smiles !!!!! This place was tons of fun  danced all night long. Nice mixed crowd of people , great music, great service , nice bouncers but flirty of course haha ! Just an overall nice atmosphere for partying & then the Busta Bust was there for those who don't know I mean Busta Rhymes he was fun as well ...
3	Cool stage area, terrible music. Hugely disappointing. Beautiful club for sure, good lights and screens. The layout has some flow issues, where there are huge open gaps and pinch points where people get bunched up trying to move through. Now, the main thing... the music. Like most clubs, it's rotating da but when we were there, they weren't good. The music was anonymous and bland EDM where it's they usual build up then, "Put your damn hands up!" Ooo-nce, ooo-nce, ooo-nce, ooo-nce. (Yawn)  Man, work in some hip hop for a minute or two! Or something that doesn't require you to be wasted to enjoy it.
3	This just opened on Memorial Day weekend this year at the Cromwell. Indoor/outdoor club and pool on the rooftop of the hotel. Take 1 of 6 dedicated elevators up to the top and be ready to party. We were able to get on the VIP guestlist and complimentary drinks each (we opted for vodka shots). They have two main bars, DJ MAKJ was in, main dance floor lit up, big screens and was the place to be. Kudos to whoever helped us play along for the bachelorette party scavenger hunt tasks. Very upscale, fashion forward crowd, didn't get to check out the rooms downstairs on the other floor of the club. The pool area was mostly closed off so couldn't get any good rooftop views of the Strip.
4	Went here on a Thursday night the end of July & had an amazing time!  DJ was great, club was fun & would def go back on my next Vegas visit!
5	My last couple of trips to Vegas, I have set up my bottle service at Drai's Night Club with Michael Cooley. He's very responsive and easy to work with. Before getting us into the club, he met up with us to make sure we get in and checked up on us to ensure we were doing well. Drais Night Club is beautiful with inside and outside table sitting. The music is good, both hip hop but mostly EDM. The decor is beautiful and dancers are exotic. I definitely will come back on my next trip.
5	Very nice club. I love the atmosphere way better than the marquis at the cosmo. Great view of the strip very large open space. The only problem I had was that the lifts were too bright so it might cause people to stare awkwardly at each other. Otherwise, buy some shots and that problem would be solved. I wish they played hip hop in Vegas. It's much better when your getting Turnt. Anyways, great club, I'd come back!
5	Came Here Last Night For My First Time....Wow What A Fun Time! We Got In For Free Since We Used A Guestlist , But The Music Is Awesome Its Just Not EDM Its Everything Including Hip Hop.  The View Outside Is Amazing You Overlook The New Swim Area So Its A Mixture Of Being Outside And Inside...The Dancefloor Is Kinda Small So You Would Need To Get A Table Or Make Friends With Someone Who Does So You Can Have Room To Dance...All In All Good Experience I Will Deff Be Back!
5	We actually wasn't even planning on coming here, we were going to XS. It was Labor Day weekend so we were actually on the strip early headed there around say 9pm-ish. A promoter for Drai's stopped us ( I forget his name) said he could get us in for free on his guest list because I was with a girl who happened to be rather attractive. So we exchange numbers he confirms that I was on the list +2 because I had another couple that were showing up ( No not 2 more girls lol) So we were like what the heck it's free if it's boring we can always leave. Doors didn't open until 10 so we went to Fat Tuesdays and got some motherpucker shots  -- these are only a dollar they are a Everclear/Pucker shot. Yeah I know right?  Get about 4-5 before you hit a club in Vegas next time TRUST ME. Ok 10 pm rolls around we are buzzing a bit we get there and were told to get in a separate line if you were on someone's guess list. We tell them who's guess list we are on and they give his a "girl comp" ticket to give the cashier woman. We walk like we own the place because 1. we were basically drunk at that point 2. Girl comp so she thought she was the best looking girl in the joint. Of course to me she was Not too many people there but the place is HUGE you get a nice view of the strip even from the dance floor. Go outside to the patio there is a big pool and like 2 other small ones the whole place reminded me of XS, which isn't a bad thing. The drinks are dumb expensive per the usual in Vegas. This night which was a Saturday was EDM all around good time.. would come back again BUT! ..   wait for it.....The same promoter texted me that next day saying he could get us in for free again. So hey I am NOT going to turn down partying for free especially on a Labor Day weekend so we actually went again the next day. This was a Sunday Busta Rhymes was there so it was hip-hop most of the night. Really liked Drai's definitely recommend checking it out
5	One of the new clubs entering Vegas club scene located inside the newly renovated Cromewell hotel. Been here both on their day and nightclub and the venue is truly amazing. There is no other place where you can get such a center located rooftop strip view straight from the night club. The club is a mix of XS and Encore beach but i would say its better designed and gives you more space on the dancefloor. They have plenty of tables if you wanna splurge it all away but you def. dont have to do that to enjoy your evening. The club will give you premium spots for a table, but you arent excluded from a lot of areas if you dont.Go here to enjoy the new chosen ONE, its def. here to stay!
5	LOVING this new club! Awesome hip hop music and really cool light/ screen show. Screens surround the whole club and make a really fun environment.  Tables are setup around the dance floor in a kind of stadium style so you get a great view of the whole place and outdoors to the beautiful view of the pool and city (club is at the top of the building). Dancers were pretty and talented, not just dressed in slutty clothes like some other places. Getting in was quick and easy. The crowd was big but there was still a good amount of room to walk and even dance without hitting people or accidentally grinding on strangers! Have to come back here next time I'm in town!
2	This past Sunday night was my first time stepping into the Cromwell and going to Drai's night club. I absolutely adore and LOOOOOVE the venue!!! It's honestly so beautiful, but unfortunately I'm giving this club a 2 star rating.... It was just my boyfriend and I at the line, and we had asked where the line was to get into the club and the two male employees on the other side of the rope just pointed in a distant direction and told us to "Go that way." I knew that we couldn't because the poker tables were in the way but thought that I might be wrong, and I wasn't. This other employee said that the line to get in was just 10 feet away from us but said that if we gave him $20 he'd let us in from where we were... Keep in mind that there is NO LINE and not many people were outside the club. I walked towards the line with my boyfriend and was pretty upset at the fact that he even suggested that I give him money to conveniently get in from where we were standing. I had prepaid for our entry and was not about to give that club any more of my money. As soon as we got to our prepaid admission line the people in the front pointed for us to go to the elevators with the other people, like cattle. They didn't even tell us which floor to go to and there are multiple floors you can get off of in the elevator.  When we walked from the elevators to the main club area I fell in love with everything about it! The decor is awesome, there are screens everywhere, they even have a middle part that drops down like a disco ball! I like how they placed the dancers on either side of the dj and there are poles everywhere! The dj that night did not play main stream, top 40 music which is fine, but he did play some stuff that was a little much for me. I had gone to the iHeart Radio Music Festival and heard his sets and was pretty juiced to listen to him at Drai's but was disappointed.I am giving this club a 2 star rating mostly because of the lack of customer service I received, which is very important to me especially because almost everywhere we go when we're in Vegas people that work there and bystanders are very cool and helpful. All people wanna do is have fun! What sucks about giving this review is the fact that I heard it was a great place to go and wanted to experience it for myself. Maybe I went on a bad night, idk. I just really didn't appreciate the lack of customer service there was on that Sunday night. The people that worked in the Cromwell itself were very friendly and helpful, they said that the hotel and club are owned by different people, and you can definitely tell the difference.
5	Probably the nicest club I've ever seen. Amazing LED's and sound quality. Took about 10 mins to get in (which isn't too bad).   Ended up buying a table once inside.  The waitress was nice. The security escorted us to the bathroom. The floor supervisor / manager checked on is twice. Pleasantly surprised at the level of service. Great club!
5	I've only been to Vegas once, but this was my favorite club the entire weekend! A promoter got us on guestlit, and we were walked right in. The venue is really pretty! Lots of space, poles(; , and lights everywhere. I think they usually play EDM or Hip Hop. Bouncers were really nice, bottle service girls were nice, and the dancers were pretty hot too. Good music, good vibes, and lots of space to dance. We ended up staying until passed 4am, we were having so much fun!
5	Damn. I was in Vegas the weekend of the 20th and had a great time here. I brought a group of friends and locals who got us in with zero headache. The Cromwell hooked us up. The environment was right, and the music was even better. DJ Jay Dean rocked it.. Definitely coming back for more. Thanks Cromwell!
5	Venue: My prayers have been answered!!! Thank goodness for a spacious dancefloor. This has been the first and ONLY nightclub I have been to where I do not feel like I am packed like sardines. If you want to get your freak on and dance the night away comfortably than check this place out. Another great thing about this place is there is an outdoor area. Good amount of seating on the side, plus you can take a breather and dip your tired feet in the pool as well. Music: During my visit here, I came to see to see Arty & since I am a huge fan of arty I thought the music was great!Guest list: The line was moving at a rapid pace, I think we got in the club within 10 minutes. Another thing that I love about this club is that all the people there including the bouncers were not RUDE and HOSTILE! This was probably the first clubbing experience I truly enjoyed! Final Verdict: I WILL DEFINITELY BE COMING BACK HERE!
5	Finally had a chance to go to Drai's for a friend's birthday. Been to a number of different night clubs in Las Vegas but nothing like Drai's. First off, the venue is huge and a sight to see, in and of itself. There is plenty of space to dance, mingle, and enjoy the sights, the atmosphere, and all the people in it. Sick Individuals kept the dance floor overflowing with people ready to have a great time.  Getting in was a breeze thanks to Michael Colley! He took care of everything and even followed up to make sure we enjoyed our time! I will be back in Vegas in a couple of weeks and will certainly be coming to Drai's for some lasting memories!
4	The significant factor about this club is the massive ball hung up on the ceiling and it goes up and down whenever it is told to do so as well as their very clear and magnificent surround sound system!  The sound system with the colorful lights that are surrounded on the laid out big screen, surely shouts out to electronic music heads!  You can delve into the music and surely lose yourself in the music here!There is a day pool club and outdoor lounge area!  The view of the main Vegas spotlight is fabulous here - especially during the glowing night!  There are poles for dancers and it was late into the wee hours, where there were no takers and then a guy was dancing all over the pole - shaking his assets!  He was all over it such that the security guard had to tell him to get off from it!  It was humorous and that made the night!
4	Nice space... The circular layout definitely keeps the spotlight on the DJ and the dance floor. That particular dance floor is way bigger than your average Las Vegas nightclub dance floor, that's for sure. I like it. The lighting along the ceiling and the visuals on the ceiling & behind the DJ are awesome. The dayclub area is right up against it and it's a great looking rooftop overlooking the strip. The palm trees they transplanted there are perfectly placed. The best DJ I've seen perform here is by far DJ SKRATCHY from the Skam Artist crew. He plays today's hits and dance club classics. I wish Drai's would have him more often. All my friends, both the guys and girls, liked the music he played a lot. Oh and I cant forget Mikey for comping our cover. Made getting in a breeze on an otherwise busy Vegas friday night. Appreciate you... Drai's is a nice look. Glad they brought it back and it's better than it ever was. Havent checked the after hours downstairs yet but I'm sure that's a good time as well. Will have to visit again next time I'm in town.
4	Hit or miss.  However very new nice looking club.  The music depends on whose Dj'ing however mostly EDM.  The staff is really good and friendly.  Sometimes you just never know if it will be busy or kind of slow, or guy heavy or girl heavy.
1	Guy at the front door was a jerk. For lack of a better term. Got straight up lied to about the cover charge. Someone should fire the guy if they want to make any money.
5	New is always better right? It is especially true in this situation. Think of this place as the smaller, newer version of XS back during its glory days.I remember when XS used to be the IT club and now it's Drai's. On the rooftop? With an outdoor and indoor area? and a wading area? I'm so there! They allow you to take off your shoes and dance in the pool if you like too. When we were there, the staff made it rain and I don't mean with water. They literally threw out one dollar bills on the dance floor. They did it a few times. We ended up with $17 at the end of the night. With free admission for ladies, we came up!Even though the place is smaller than other clubs you go to, this place bundles everything up in a nice package. You will find all the good looking, young people here too!This is definitely Vegas' next hotspot. Marquee, watch out!
3	Good music, great set up and good looking people! ONLY problem is the bartenders particularly a gentleman at the main inside bar was the rudest bartender I had the unfortunate not so pleasure of dealing with. Not only did he completely insult my wife but he was sarcastic and completely unprofessional. If he was under my management I would replace him and ensure proper common curtesy to customers! Frankly he is lucky he wasn't on the other side of the bar cause I would have had to put him in his place.   Though the bartenders suck and are miserable I would still visit Drais here and there.
4	Wow Drais!  I have to say I like the new look and image that they have now.  They are a pretty good contender in the Las Vegas nightclub game.  The even newly remodeled Cromwell which used to be Bill Gambling saloon is looking really good.Cousin (as we were walking through The Cromwell to Drais): doesn't it look way nicer in here after the remodel?Me: yeah, it's not as ghetto looking.Let's face it, old Drais was ghetto and attracted a less than fantastic crowd, since it was an after hours club old Drais attracted the ones who used an extra substance to stay awake into the wee hours of the night leading to the morning.  The casino old Drais was located in was, for lack of a better word, ghetto.  So enough of the old Drais, new Drais is where it is at!  I was with a group of 4 guys and 4 girls, and we got comped admission through guestlist, the entrance was kind of hard to spot since it is towards the side of the casino.  Once you get trough, you have to go inside some elevators and go up to the top floor.  There you exit out, walk down a set of stairs and voila, you are at Drais.  First thought, oh...it looks like Xs.  Second thought, wow...this is so much nicer than the old Drais.So Drais when you first enter, they have this little balcony portion that overlooks the entire club plus the outside portion.  Camera whores, that is a great photo op right there.  There is an inside and an outside part and the tables are situated around the dance floor on an incline.  The DJ booth is at the front of the dance floor facing the outside portion so if you are standing at the balcony at the front you would see the back of the DJ.  Drais has a huge disco ball chandelier in the middle of the dance floor that goes up and down.  Drais also has some huge screens behind the DJ booth similar to Light and Exchange LA.  I have to say, Drais has some amazing light shows and led screens!  The outside pool area is so pretty, my boyfriend mentioned that it looked like Surrender.  I personally think it looks way better than Surrender, way more eye pleasing, plus you get a way better view at Drais than Surrender.  They close off the pool area in the beginning of the night and open it up later as the club gets more crowded.Bathrooms are on the side, you have to walk down a set of stairs.  Bathrooms are nice and spacious.  They're very well lit for a club bathroom.  There are a few stalls so you probably will not have to wait too long for a stall even if the club is packed.  The downside is that they have a long row of mirrors right when you enter into the bathroom, so girls get caught up in that area fixing their hair and makeup.  It is a huge pain when a bunch of girls block off the walk way trying to take a pic of themselves in front of the mirrors.  The crowd is odd.  That's kind of why I docked off a star, the crowd is a really wide mix of people.  I saw quite a few groups of older ladies, I'm talking like my mothers age ladies and then there were the typical single guys that line the side of the dance floor with a drink in hand staring at the groups of girls dancing.  A really wide array of people that I cannot quite put my finger on.  What really helped save the night though was the DJ switch up they pulled on us.  We wed expecting Sidney Samson, you know the Riverside song.  Instead we get 3lau, way better trade off.  3lau killed it, we had so much fun!!  It did not get too packed which is what we loved.  After a disastrous night at Marquee where I'm pretty sure they exceeded the club capacity, seriously, I felt like a sardine.  There were so many people.  Drais had a good amount of people, not dead and not super packed, both of which can really kill a night.I had a lot of fun at Drais, it is a way better club than the old Drais.  I love the remodel!!  I really recommend checking it out, the venue is gorgeous!
1	We went here 2x. The first night was AMAZING. (The night before my wedding) then the night of my wedding after our reception we were all going to go out to celebrate. our promoter said he could get our party of 15 in. Our limo bus was late to get us and we were 10 minutes late for the guys to get in free (midnight). And we told our promoter and he said it would be fine and he'd get us in. We get there exactly 10 minutes late, tell the bouncer legit laughed in our faces told us that we couldn't get in unless the guys paid cover and we tried to text the promoter to help us out and they tried to heard us out of line and one huge bouncer shoved one of the guys we were with (who also was in a car accident and has back problems) and he looked at he manager who was there and asked "are you really going to let your guy put his hands on me" and the manager said "I didn't see nothing". Even tho he clearly did. My wedding night was spent at shitty bar on the strip when I was looking forward to being at this popping place. So I laid in my bed at the flamingo trying to fall asleep hearing the club going hard all night. It was such a tease :( I'm sorry for the low review but you guys need to get your people in check so your promoters give out accurate info. We would've been fine going in but the reason why it was an issue was with a $30 Cover the guys would've had less than $20 to spend on their overly priced drinks so it would've been pointless. Like I said if we would've known we'd have to pay we would've brought more money to get in!! It wouldn't have been an issue.
5	Such a great night club in Vegas!I'm normally not a club kind of guy, but when in Vegas why not? We had a large group and luckily our friend got us a cabana. Great not only to get away from the HUGE crowd, but the views of the strip are amazing. Prices are high, but expected. Not sure how I'd feel without a reserved area, but I'm sure with the crowd and energy I'd be fine.
2	Drinks were more pricey than I've experienced at any nightclub on the strip but i won't complain about that. I was charged $36 for two drink and even left a $2 tip because my drink called a combination of 4 different alcohols the bartender put ice poured my AMF from a bottle so that isn't deserving of more than a $1 a drink but after checking my account later that night I discover the bartender felt he deserved a $7 tip instead which wasn't authorized by me. So when visiting check your accounts and keep your receipts because stealing from a customer is never ok.
5	Went with a large group of ladies for a bachelorette party and got on the VIP list no problem! If you go with a group of ladies, you'll most likely get in free and VIP. The club was poppin. everyone was dancing. didn't see a single person not having fun. The dancers were STUNNING. Their outfits were beyond amazing. They definitely raised the bar for "bar dancers" in Vegas. The guys there were very polite. The line at the bar was pretty long but the drinks were deliciousssssss. The confetti and occasional smog/mist cannons were the perfect cherry on top to the night. Beyond my favorite club in Vegas. It's a must see!Oh! Daniel "DC" was awesome! If you ask for him he'll hook it up!! He took our number and called us, found us, AND walked us all right up to the entrance. He was so awesome! Thank you again DC!!!! His info: 7024155459@dccomixBest club in Vegas. Definitely a go!
3	I haven't been to Vegas in many years and was told that this place was really fun with amazing DJ's.  So we decided to try it out... I'm giving it 3 stars solely for their staff's customer service or lack there of! DJ was off the hook- View was spectacular- And great crowd for a Thursday night. First, cover was $30 for guys, $20 for the ladies... Once inside, We were charged the following (not sure if this is consistent for other nights) rail drinks were $15, premium $20+, shots of Fireball were $12, beer $10. Second, bartenders (only the entitled females are being addressed), one would think that if a group guys were to come up to you at a bar and it is NOT busy, you would at least smile or say thank you when they leave more than $1 per drink tip, which is standard. Nope these ladies who works for tips were very rude, disinterested in helping or making money. On the other hand, the fellows behind the bars, were FANTASTIC, so go to them!Third, if you plan to go here with a group, get a table and don't mess with the waiting to get in or standing around for a drink to just be ignored or shoved. In the end you will end up paying the price for a table anyhow. I would go back because the music and atmosphere made it memorable and positive... But next time, we are getting a table!!!
5	I'm just gonna go ahead and give Drai's 5 stars. I may even go out on a limb here and say that Drai's is my new favorite nightclub in Vegas. Yea, it's that good. (Sorry XS!)With a spacious indoor dance area and outdoor pool area (where Drai's Dayclub is), there is tons of space, especially when they open up the outside area and let you venture out, and it makes the inside area WAY cooler (temperature wise) which is awesome, because as we all know, dancing in a crowded stuffy area where you feel like you're going to collapse from heat stroke is NOT fun.There's a giant disco ball-esque thing hanging from the ceiling that is mesmerizing. Seriously. It projects a crazy light pattern that is just amazing to look at.Multiple bar areas is also a plus, because then not everyone is crowded into one area trying to get at it.It is on the smaller side in terms of Vegas clubs, but it is on the "roof" and when they open up the outside area all the way to the edge, you get an amazing view of the strip.Good things:- Chill crowd and atmosphere- Amazing dancers- Great views- Multiple bars- Indoor and outdoor area with a wading pool!tl;dr: I remember trying to go to Drai's a few years back when it was still just an after hours club. I was skeptical when I first heard we were heading to Drai's, but this most recent trip has transformed my opinion of Drai's. A "must go to" club in Vegas! Definitely a fave of mine now!
5	Drai's has been THE BEST NIGHTCLUB I HAVE EVER BEEN TO in my entire life! Vegas always seem to outdo itself, and the last time I visited Drai's, it completely blew my mind away! The atmosphere and the way the club is built. Gives me goosebumps just remembering that spectacular night! Drinks are not cheap! But this is Vegas! For now, I doubt that any other club will be able to top this location! The music was off the hook! The dancers and everything going on in the background turned this place into a complete package for me! A MUST GO if you are in Vegas to party!
1	This club is a JOKE. They are unprofessional, unorganized and rude. Let me start by saying that I'm a Vegas local and in the night life industry. That said I know how this SHOULD work. Last night (and for the remainder of the weekend) Drais' is promoting a Superhero themed costume contest. Up to $200K in cash and prizes. Sounds great, right? We thought so too. The sole purpose of us attending this party was for my boyfriend to enter into the Superhero Themed contest.Upon arrival to the Cromwell, the security guard would not allow my boyfriend to enter the casino with any props for his costume. We're talking about PLASTIC swords and a light up toy gun. I can almost justify against the toy gun, but the swords made the whole outfit. We should have turned around and left right then but we figured we'd give them the benefit of the doubt.As we're walking into the club, we see 4 other guests with props and even worse, we see one of Drais' employees wearing the exact same swords that my boyfriend wasn't allowed to bring in. Again, we should have left. We get inside, go sign up my boyfriend for the contest, they take his photo and hand us a copy of the rules. I have OCD so I read through the rules and saw that the 1st round would begin at 12am and final round at 12:45am. We must have asked 6 different employees where the contest participants needed to gather and finally we found someone who directed us outside.We proceeded to wait from 11:30pm until 1:45am before someone came around to the contestants. At this time, the guy is carrying a few contest entry forms and numbers. I asked him if I could get my boyfriend's participant number. This is where it gets good. This guy proceeds to tell me that the 1st round of the contest has already been completed and my boyfriend wasn't qualified. Excuse me? This so-called contest was supposed to start 2 HOURS ago and we've been standing around this entire time just to be told that wasn't how it was going to work. He also tells me that the rules that THEY handed me were inaccurate. Those rules were intended only for a Sexiest Heroine Contest. As you can clearly see from the copy of the rules, no where does it state that, not to mention that you handed it to us upon entering. After going in circles with this kid, he insists that he will make good on it tomorrow but right now he was on a time constraint to get the participants up to the stage. Are you serious?? We have been waiting for 2 1/2 hours for absolutely nothing and now you suddenly have a timeline for the contest? I don't think so. Customer Service 101 - Don't let the customer leave angry. Well I'm more than angry and now I've made it my mission to let everyone know. I'd also like to point out that there were only 4 or 5 contestants for the Superhero Themed contest. Maybe they expected more and decided to skip the preliminary round and just do the final judging. NOPE! They had already selected the winner (The Hulk, by the way) so they weren't in fact having a legit contest. They had picked the winner at the beginning of the night and just let everyone else stand there for over 2 hours, maybe so their half empty club would actually look full. The so-called "judging" categories were Originality, Creativity, Complexity and Design. Someone please tell me what is original, creative, complex or an interesting design about a Hulk costume? What an absolute JOKE. Then the kid tells us that other people worked really hard on their costumes, implying that my boyfriend hadn't. He actually put a lot of time, effort and creativity into his REAL Superhero costume. He was Dead Pool by the way. Oh yeah and then the kid tries to say that the other guy who was a Transformer didn't qualify either. Really? You're saying that a costume that ISN'T a Superhero didn't qualify for the Superhero contest? Shocker. Don't have a themed contest if you don't even understand the definition of what a Superhero is. Just because a character had a comic book, doesn't mean they're a Superhero. Archie had a comic book too.This whole experience was complete crap. Expecting a night club to act professionally, follow the rules and care about customer service is apparently asking too much.
5	I am going to go out on a small limb here and say that this club by far is the best nightclub ever!! The views. The screens the vibes. The DJ. Mr Drais did it right. Bared no expenses. It's going to be years. Maybe a decade until another club will be able to come close to this place. Tip. Come early!!
5	I like this place so much I'm selling it to the Yelp world for free. Cromwell and Victor Drai, you're welcome. If you are hitting Vegas with a group of girls and no guys, this is DEFINITELY the club to pick. Drai's is exceptionally girl-friendly, even for Vegas. If you are going with just girls, send me a Yelp message, and I'll send the number for Mike, the super awesome promoter that got me and a female friend in for free last night. NOTE: Please remember that clubs care about image... Facts- you should be dressed very well and are expected to be decently attractive and look 30 or under if you want to get in with a promoter.Since it was slow at 10:30, they gave a whole bunch of groups of girls a table and free champagne until the table was sold later on. Such an awesome perk, especially since you know every girl is wearing painful, hot-looking shoes. I've been to XS, Hakkasan, Haze, Marquee, and LiFE, and gotten free drink tickets, but I've only seen this extra mile at Drai's, and I've seen it more than once. (No promises on a table, but they will take care of you if possible.)The club design maximizes room for people that didn't get a table, so you have plenty of room to move around and dance still. Unlike Hakkasan. The energy is fantastic here because it's an open space. Be prepared to wait for a drink, though, likely from a pissed off-looking bartender.If you got a table, there is plenty of room to dance, and service has always been fantastic. Even the bouncers were so incredibly nice to my friend and I. Just don't be #basic by taking your shoes off. Get you some Dr Scholls and go to Drai's.  :)The effects are so bomb with lasers, lights, cold air, and massive screens lining the roof and ceiling. Of note- music mixes hip hop, Top 40, and EDM, depending what day and time it is. I was here twice this week, and on Thursday it was all hip hop. Not a fan. If you like EDM like me, I would check the Vegas EDM calendar for Thursdays.Saturday around 11PM was all vocal EDM before switching to the guest DJ. Their only downfall is that Drai's don't have a resident DJ with a huge name, so you don't really know what you are going to get unless they have a headliner that week, and they seem to be lining up famous DJs now.Sundays, I believe, are hip-hoppish as well. (XS is perfect for Sundays with good crowds, by the way.... You're welcome, too, XS!)After we left Drai's, the guys at the door even asked us if we wanted to go to Drai's After Hours for free. Definitely the place to be if you are all girls. It's a really, really fun club, and you will never have trouble finding the bathroom here either like in other clubs. :)
4	I had a great time with my girls. It was a Friday night, our second club of the night! We were having a blast, got some drinks and we were dancing! There was a couple of pools outside and it was great! My friends and I were sitting outside by the pool. We saw Iggy performed and it was fun!
5	DC was the absolute best promoter I have ever encountered in Vegas. He's been my go-to promoter for months now and I wouldn't want any one else to take care of me! I can fersure always count on him to set me up with a good time, especially at Drais. Me and my girls have so much fun with him and he genuinely wants you to have a good time! We just got back from having a crazy Halloween weekend in vegas and also my 22nd birthday. He made it so crackin! Thank you again DC!!!
5	DC was hands down the best promoter out there! He made sure my friends and I had a great time. My Vegas experience probably wouldn't have been the same without him!! I need to go back ASAP!
4	Had a friendsBachelor party last month bottle prices were a little high compared to other nightclubs but the venue was beautiful the DJ was great overall great experience!!
4	This new Nightclub inside the Cromwell Hotel was actually pretty nice.  It's not that big, especially when they close off the outside pool part, but about the size of XS on the inside for comparison and similarly shaped.   Came during a Saturday for Unmet Ozcan and it wasn't too crowded.  Guys were able to get in free with an even ratio (depending on promoter).  Restroom lines were not too long and neither were the bar lines.  I know it probably depends on who is performing that night as well.  Alas, just like all the other nightclubs in Vegas, drinks are on the pricey side.  Expect to pay at least $15-$20 per drink or shot.
5	Best Club Experience on my Bday/Anniversary Weekend!!Came on Saturday night through "Sin City Club Crawl $45" Place was packed. There were dancers want to say go go dancers but there far more than that they put on several performances. Confetti Canons, C02 Canons popping off througout the night Light sticks thrown about. Music on Saturday was EDM, DJ was on point had the crowd going wild. I loved it so much I decided to come back on my birthday the next day for hip hop night. Equally fun, the bouncers are respectful, the guys working the restrooms are really cool offering several items in there. The club is bigger than most. The rear of the club offers a beautiful setting of the pool and views of the strip. Promoter got me in free on Sunday even gave the ladies free drink tickets +++Come here you will not be dissapointed.
4	Love the setting of this club, the servers especially Elaine and johny oag! I would give it 5 starts if they played more hip hop other than that this club is spacious and not too crowded
4	Everytime I go to LV we head to a different club.. We had 3 boys in our group and had no problem getting in less than 30 min on a Saturday at 11pm (if you know Vegas you know this is unheard of). This place is great on so many levels!: large venue, great dance floor, go go dancers, strong drinks and multiple bars so the lines are minimal, and of course good looking people everywhere! My only complaint was the DJ this weekend, Warren Peace, between EVERY song he slowed it down.. I was there 11 to closing and I must have heard ".. If you're on vacation make some noise!" A million times that night.
5	This club is inside the Cromwell Hotel. The entry did not take long. Ummet Ozcan was playing that night so I was pretty pumped for that! It's basically their rooftop and the views of the Vegas strip are amazing! The club is high end yet very casual. I loved the entrance. You walk in behind the DJ to an awesome view of the entire club! The sound system was off the hook. Bouncers and employees were friendly and accommodating and Mr. Ozcan killed it that night! 5 Stars without a doubt!
1	Horrible customer service. This past Friday Common was schedule to perform at this venue, I purchased 2 tickets at 2pm thru the Club's web page, I got to the club around 10pm and to my surprise they informed me that Common had cancelled his performance and that it was listed on the web site. They informed me that I needed to call a never (which they did not provide at the door) to get a full refund within 5 days. I found a number on the web site that redirects you to an answering machine that can't take messages at this time. I tried thru the hotel calling VIP services for the club and no one answered my call , kind of appropriate that nobody picks up the phone for 5 days after the event was canceled. Very simple I might have lost only $60 but that is all they will get from me ever. I strongly recommend people to try other clubs in Vegas that treat people better and not just a place where people are full of themselves , trust me, from the attitude of the people at the door that's the impression you get. And I had to leave for last the best part; the young lady that was at the register (which I approached to inquire about my refund or where to call) she told me that I should just go in and enjoy the club, I told her that I wasn't going to pay $30 cover charge just to see a DJ that I don't even know, she then replied "yea I guess you're that kind of guy that , you're cheap and our club is not for cheap dudes like you"... Yup you read just right , don't wipe your eyes, she literally said that to me. I just smiled at her and told her "you don't know me, but know I know you and the people that this place recruits as employees..." And I walked away. People might think I leave bad reviews  just to damage the image of a business or because I took it personal , and my answer is NO. I use this forum to share experiences and to advice people based on what happened to me.Next time I'm in Vegas with my crew I'll take my cheap you know what to Light or Hakkasan and grab a nice table and spend and spend knowing that the money isn't going to Drai's.
2	Maybe I just went on a bad night but I was not that impressed. This place is basically a knock off of XS.Cons: - Outside area was closed.- Dance area has random boxes just sitting in the middle. WHY? - Older crowd (but maybe it was the night I went) - EXPENSIVE ASS DRINKS (I guess this is typical for Vegas) - table layout is just bad. The tables are in the walkways and it just makes it harder to walk around. Pros: - Dance area is pretty spacious- Bouncers are more friendly. My friend ended up getting kicked out, but the bouncer escorted us outside and even got us a cab. Overall, I'd probably go back on a better night but I'm still not impressed.
5	Beautiful, awesome, exciting, fantastic and wonderful scenery. This was the first stop on the club crawl tour. The music was great and did I mention how awesome the scenery is. Clean bathrooms and friendly club staff.
5	One of the best night club in Las Vegas All this place is full of light and sound From different level!!! This is the place for party with friends Or any other occasion.
4	One of Las Vegas' newer clubs done right.  The venue's layout is perfect and flows well, and the lighting, screens, DJ setup and the video/light ball make this spot on of my personal favorites and a definite must-visit each time I visit the city.  It's got a great ambiance, and the waitresses, bartenders, and most of the staff are courteous and personable.  Everything I mentioned above gives it '5 stars', but here's why it's only 4:About half of the staff at the front (security mostly) are rude, stuck-up and ignore you when you walk up.  I know this is Vegas, but they need to realize the first impression matters most.  Then there's the fact that this club is hardly ever packed or busy enough to its full capacity and potential.  Something needs to be done with their marketing and promotions efforts.  It's a beautiful club, and like I said, one of my favorite clubs in Vegas, but it's being wasted.  Solution #1...fill up the VIP Tables (through special promotional pricing, groups, etc).  If the tables are filled by a certain (early) time, the club will look naturally look busier.  Also those that are paying top dollar for tables (or even just GA), won't be disappointed by the numbers in the club.  More people = more energy = more selfies being taken, posted, and in turn, marketing the club!Looking forward to visiting again on my next visit!
5	One of the newer night clubs in Vegas located in the Cromwell hotel and they play EDM. Really happening, upbeat and one of the best clubs in Vegas I have to say. Definitely recommend.
1	So I tried going to Drais MDW. That was a fail. I shall literally break it down.It was after midnight Saturday night when I text the promoter Kim Paul, asking him the price for entry that night. $30 for men, $20 for women is what he said. So awesome. We were set to go. Everything else that night was over $100 for men.We reach the cashier. Chelse, blonde, thin, early 20s. My girlfriend pays $20 cash for herself. Left is me, 1 other girlfriend and her boyfriend. I was going to pay with my card and they were going to give me the cash. So she rings me up for a total of $70. Sounds right: 20 + 20 + 30.No. She says "now what about her?" (Referring to my friend right beside me). I said "yeah, $20, $20, $30." N she looks at me like I'm stupid. "No it was never $30 for men. It was actually $40 and that was before guestlist which closed at midnight so it's $50." I tell her "the promoter Kim Paul just told me it was $30. So I want my money back." She says "sorry, there are no refunds" all super bitchy like she owns the place. Lol. So I said "ok well bring me a manager on duty." She says "sure."Comes back with another doofus and after I explained the situation, he said nothing. Just went to tapping on the screen. After 10 minutes, I get a "void check testing admission" receipt but total said $0.00. I ignored it and left assuming he should've known what he was doing. I'll check my account tomorrow. Silly me.So here I am back in California calling everyday asking for a manager. On Monday I was able to reach Victor Drai's assistant. Woman. Don't recall her name. She took my name and phone number and also check number from my receipt. Of course they aren't going to call me back, so I call once a day asking for Victor Drai not knowing he was the owner. Just hoping it was the person who would post void the transaction already.Well he was not happy to hear from me. He answers with his strong Moroccan egotistical accent "how the fuck did you get my number" and "what the fuck do you want" and "give me your fucking number my assistant will help you, not me." So I say "well she's the reason why I call asking for you because she was not able to help me." He says "you're making that up" and again "I'm not going to help you. Give me your number. Do you want to be fucking helped or not!?" I respond with a "Wow you are ridiculous" and he clicks.I call back and finally a normal person answers and asks how did I get Victor's number. I simply said I didn't. They transfer me when I ask for him. So he new guy gives me the general manager's email so they can help me. I pray to God this is the end of it.By far the worst customer service experience ever.
4	Excellent lighting and effects design. Love that you can see the DJ booth and watch the DJ work from an elevated position as you first enter the club.
5	I had an amazing time at Drais! We got a table on a Saturday night for my boyfriend's birthday with the help of a promoter. We paid an extra $300 at the door to get a better spot. I honestly don't know how the guy at the table reservations entrance came up with that number...but I guess I'm glad we did it? The table we would've gotten was more towards the back and people would've been walking in front of us all night. We ended up getting a table in the 2nd row closest to the dance floor, which was perfect! Nobody from the dance floor got in our way and we were able to dance on the elevated counters with a great view of the stage :).The service was awesome as well! The security guard near our table was constantly on the lookout for us, kicking people out who tried to come into our area. I felt very exclusive and special haha. The bottle service staff was super friendly as well. They made sure to introduce themselves to us and were constantly checking if we needed refills on our drinks. The tables here also have little cabinets on the bottom for girls to store their purses.Unfortunately, the outdoor area was closed maybe since it was winter & cold outside. However the inside area had beautiful decorations and lights. It was pretty spacious but then again, we went on a random weekend (not a holiday). Bottled waters were $10...KILL ME because I ended up buying 3 of them..but what do you expect it's Vegas. They shot out confetti multiple times throughout the night and one time they even made it rain dollar bills. Oh and there's a photobooth!!!! $5/pic. Overall, great experience and would definitely come back.
4	3.5 StarsStopped here as part of a party bus club crawl, not sure if we were drunk or if it is always awesome. Seems like typical Vegas club, really nice tons of lights and VIP sections etc. Seemed to have a decent size dance floor and was neat how it opened up to the pool. It was really cold when we went so there was an opening but not really anyone out there, I would assume the party flows out there as well on better weather months. We would go back and check them out most likely
5	Officially my favorite (or one of my favorite) nightclubs in Vegas! I came here for the first time recently, and everything about this place is super awesome. I didn't get a chance to go outside. My friends and I just stayed on the main dancefloor the whole time. Drai's can get crowded, but the place is big enough that there is plenty of room on a normal night and not everyone in crammed into one space. There is the outdoor patio area. There is the main dancefloor, which is roped off from the VIP tables. Next to the VIP tables, there are some platforms that people like to dance on. The nightclub has a round shape that makes exits and restrooms easy to find. They always have such good deejays too! Especially love the EDM.My friends and I came here on a Friday night, and when our Saturday night plans fell through, we gladly came back here again. Would highly recommend!
1	So awful. Ghetto people and douche bag manager. If you're looking for a classy Vegas experience please look elsewhere.
5	Definitely the best and most fun nightclub I visited. Awesome lights. Awesome rooftop view. Fun music and atmosphere.
1	If I could rate this place a negative number I would!!! Experienced the worst customer service of my life not from one but from two bartenders! Apparently a bartender is not allowed to serve you water unless you  buy something, okay.. I guess that makes sense? So I complied. When I asked the bartender for a Tequila sunrise and a glass of water I received the same response and when I corrected the bartender and told him I had actually ordered two things (he had heard wrong) I was denied service from him and the bartender next to him on his orders on the grounds that I was being "rude." A gentlemen standing next to me heard everything and offered to help get me get water as I had explained to him the water wasn't even for me, I was just trying to sober up a stranger that needed help. He called the bartender out on how he had been tipping him well and how there was no need for the person proving the service to treat the customer unfairly for no apparent reason, his response was "your tips ain't shit bro." If a place is okay with their bartenders denying services to their customers for no reason I no longer want any part of it. The venue itself is amazing but they really need to get another priority straight, their customers should be important.
4	Contact me to be on vip guestlist here or any other Las Vegas venues. Vip table reservations or any questions.Text 725.502.6520Robviplv@gmail.com
1	I went to Drai's to see Adventure Club with my boyfriend and I had a terrible experience. Just to point out, the place was really gorgeous and the first 2 out of 5.5 hours were fun, it was the waiting 3.5 hours for one of your favorite music groups to not perform, and having the Drai's staff lie to you and say they are coming on when in reality the group got sick and wouldn't perform. I mean, I'm pissed at Adventure Club for still not performing because even though they got sick it's not like they are singing or dancing, the are just pushing buttons and pumping their fists. I'm more upset at Drai's for lying saying they will come on when they weren't; and I was in high heels so my feet were hurting so much. So to stand around for 3+ hours in high heels with no seats around is a big no-no for me. Luckily one of the staff's ladies told us the truth so we left right away. Not only that, but the security was really rude and there were no seats unless you have bottle service. The security got mad at a bunch of girls for taking off their high heels because their feet were hurting, but come on - Drai's should be more considerate. Music was great, but a lot of repeats.
1	The most awful experience I have ever had at a club/bar.VIP hosts in a power-trip, the bar menu is non existent.I will not go back!!!
5	Drai's has got to be one of the few nightclubs that actually caught me by surprise. I had no idea what to expect because I actually didn't look into any pictures before checking out the venue itself. I would have to say it's a pretty huge venue with the outdoor patio and amazing light fixtures. Unfortunately, being in Vegas during the winter ... don't really want to go outside at all considering the weather was in the 30's at night so I didn't get to enjoy the amazing other half of the club... Will be back in the summer ! ;)I think I really enjoyed not knowing what I'm going to step into and taking that elevator up, creating more of a suspense and finally walking into what you are about to step into ... its really breathtaking. I gotta hand it to Drai's with the way they used the lights and that eye catching center ball piece that drops and raises from the center of the ceiling ... 5 stars !  If your in Vegas and staying for a couple nights, make sure to have Drai's on your list of go to clubs, you are not going to regret it.Only downside was that it was extremely crowded and even with all that floor space it was pretty filled up. So eventually my boyfriend and I had to stand by the small stairs near the dancefloor but, that didn't stop us from really enjoying Drai's. Drink's are not cheap (but what do you really expect, its Vegas). My overall experience was great !Special Shoutout thanks to Kat V. for putting my boyfriend and I on guestlist !We had a great time and when we come back we'll def. contact you againGo Drai's !
4	"Off the chain"Super fun dancing til dawn ! Nice peeps that go & work there . This place is a mandatory stop each Vegas visit !
