4	I've only been once for a cut and highlights. I felt the cost was reasonable, and the results were average (I got what I expected and wasn't overly impressed). I would go to this salon again and recommend it. I have heard that Sara and Hillary are the best ones there.
2	I got a decent haircut at HairColorXperts and solid color...but the price kind of knocked the wind out of me. The stylist was nice and listened to my needs, and the haircut I got was solid...but I wasn't wowed until I went to the counter to pay.There are better places in Charlotte to get better haircuts for half the price. The service is nice, but even so...I've been treated just as much like a princess at a few places around town that were much cheaper.I won't be back.
5	Andre does my hair here, and I just always love it. He takes the time to ask what I am looking for, if I want to go lighter or darker. He gives his advice, saying that we need more low lights, it is getting washed out, or it needs more layers. I really like that he doesn't just do the exact same thing every time... consequently, my hair always looks great! It gets longer sometimes, and shorter sometimes, a little darker, then a little lighter...not huge drastic changes...but, enough variety to make it interesting, up-to-date, and nice.He also does my daughters hair! With her, they do purple streaks, blue streaks, pink, sometimes red....she likes to mix it up! and, Andre always gives her something a little funky, but not too outrageous! He has really taught her how to communicate with a hair stylist to get the look that you want, and taught her to trust the advice the stylist gives you!It may be pricy....I spend around $95 to $105 each time....but, hair is pretty important, it is one of the aspects that provide a first impression. If you would spend $200 on a pair of shoes, then $100 for a hair cut seems pretty reasonable to me!!
4	Ive been to hair color Xperts after a recommendation from my co-workers. I didn't end up with the same person they see as he was really busy and booked months in advance (eye roll) -so  I saw Julie. I definitely didn't mind getting her though because she has done an excellent job- my hair looks and feels fabulous when I get done and I would give the actual quality of the hair cut/color 5 stars all around (and trust me I am a PICKY customer in terms of hair cut and color)The salon itself is very clean (unlike my first salon experience in Charlotte) and they also offer you a complimentary beverage, so the experience is relaxing and nice all around.Maybe its because my mother owned a salon, or if I was use to the college discounts when I lived in NY, but for a cut and partial highlight $140 seems a tad bit on the pricey side. I am all for paying 80-100, especially since its a two hour process ...but I dont know that extra 40 just kind of irks me ( that busy stylist who I was told to go see originally only charges $100 apparently) All in all Ive decided to leave hair color up to my own device during winter months since highlighting is the part I do not trust myself with- and so that's my attempt to save money. But rest assure I will book an appointment with Julie come summer!
5	I am in the service industry and I deal with people on a day to day basis. Every time I come in to Hair Color Xperts I am treated with the upmost personal service from the time I arrive till the time I leave.Cassandra cuts and colors my hair personally and has me leaving every time feeling like a brand new person. My favorite part is the head massage given during the shampoo service!!! I suggest this salon to anyone and I personally recommend Cassandra even though I am sure that the other girls are as good as she is!!!!
4	I have been seeing Erin for 4 out of the 7 years I have been here.  If you want a great stylist who gets you, and fulfills your needs Erin is your girl!!!
5	I would just like to thank Stacy Moss for doing an amaZing job on my haircut it looks beautiful!  I was a first time client and I loved my experience. I'm definitely going back...
