1	The customer service at this pharmacy has really gone downhill. The girls working the counter are uncaring and even rude.  They don't deliver on the promise of free home delivery to clients. I had to pay 8$ for a home delivery of a medication they failed to give me. Don't take the fake smiles too seriously.
1	Like everyone else you call anymore, there is no more personal service here. All of the sales people read from a script and are very unwilling to help. I kept being read a line about why they hadn't sent out my very necessary transplant medications for two weeks. They blamed it on the transplant office. Shame on you Avella. I had to call the office myself and the transplant facility got back to me in 15 minutes! Yet I was waiting two weeks for Avella. They are playing with people's lives!
2	Incorrect assumptions are bad, good customer service assumes the customer knows what kind of insurance they have.
4	Fast, friendly service and everything looks good: happy!
5	Kenyata is wonderful. She is the reason why this pharmacy gets five stars. She's sweet, courteous, and on the ball. This pharmacy really wants your business, and it shows. Oddly enough, one of the reasons I like this pharmacy so much is that it's not very well known: it's slow and therefore I'm almost always first in line. I just remember back when I used to go to Walgreens and had to wait behind some idiot who had NOTHING to do but gum up with gears of everyone else. Not any more. I know by posting about this gem, I'm going to make this pharmacy all the more popular, so I hope that whoever reads this and goes there does not gum up the gears on purpose just to vex me lol. :)
5	I love the fact that Kenyata calls me when my refill is ready, knows me by name, and gets me checked out in a jiffy. What a difference from the last place I used to go that was supposed to be "your neighborhood pharmacy." If you want to "buy local," this chain started out in AZ as one pharmacy in Scottsdale. Just goes to show that when small companies do it right, they grow fast and expand. Congrats!
