4	Le Maistre is a great little bistro, always welcoming and friendly. The quality of their food is consistently high and the presentation is a treat to the eyes. They offer brilliant specials, of which I've sampled two; The Steak/frites as well the Cassoulet and loved them both. The steak was done perfectly (rare), the sauce impeccable and the glass of red that was suggested to me was a a perfect accompaniment to the meal. The Cassoulet Maison was a hearty bean and yummy dish that evoked country living with heartwarming authenticity. Again the wine recommendation was spot on. Le Maistre has a third special, but I always get sidetracked by the beef so can't report on it at all. Sorry. A la carte meals are equally delicious as well as interesting and innovative. Noms all around!
4	A pleasant evening in Monkland Village while visiting our daughter. Ate outside under umbrellas on a pleasant porch--Le Maistre is located in an old house on Avenue de Monkland.  The steak frites was marvelous--cooked just right, and not a soggy frite on the plate ( how rare is that?) As an American resurrecting rusty French, I experienced the kindness of the server, who continued to converse with me in French, though I'm sure it would have been easier for both of us if we had continued in English. Our desserts were excellent--one was a creme brulee, and the other some kind of bread pudding.  Would return in a second!  Americans, beware. Due to no fault of their own, the restaurant must charge a heft tax, which ends up adding 12% or so to our /your bill. Not counting gratuite, which you will want to leave.  What can you do? Be prepared for sticker shock.
1	I bought a voucher from onespout to try out this place. I'm giving it 1 star because I enjoyed their bread and butter but that's all I enjoyed. The service was absolutely terrible. The waiters weren't friendly at all. Do yourself a favor and don't ask for extra salad dressing because the amount they'll bring you is the equivalent of a giant middle finger. I was embarrassed for them! I will not be going there again any time soon. If you're looking to break up with someone then I would recommend this place but if you want to treat you're loved one to a romantic dinner then you're better off going to McDonalds than this place. Why go to a restaurant that's not fully painted and has a hole in the ceiling? At least the water was cold.
