4	I love Dr. Glick. Puts you at ease, always caring, never condemning like other dentists I have been to and the best thing is that is painless. My first dentist, as kid, was AWESOME. Then he decided to leave the practice for awhile, so my parents had to find a new dentist. This particular dentist worked his way through dental school as a butcher. I swear, the Catholics could have learned new tricks from him for the Spanish Inquisition. I know it is cliche' but in this case, I am serious. Dr. Glick actually makes me feel good going to the dentist
4	I had the best dentist in my previous location, so when I found Dr. Glick, I was glad. He's great with his patients and made me feel comfortable choosing him. He's pricier than other dentists. I didn't know that pricing for this or that, (fillings, etc) differed, depending on where you went. You may pay more, but you get the peace of mind that you're seeing a quality doc. A good dentist is hard to find! I've never been made to wait very long, they're very quick here. The office building is brand new and gorgeous, as is their waiting area.
5	This is an update to my previous review, When I sent the payment in, with a letter explaining why we shouldn't be responsible for the charged, I was sent a letter telling me that Dr. Glick decided to waive the charge. This has restored my faith in all the great things I have heard about this office. I will go again and I will make sure that I know what my coverage should be. Thank you Dr, Glick!!!!
5	Dr. Glick is gentle and takes his time with patients. His staff is friendly and professional.  I had a crown done on the Monday before Thanksgiving. Cathy made the temporary, and it stayed put and was great! I No problems at all, no sensitivity. Thank you Dr. Glick!
5	Don't gamble with your smile!I'm an eye surgeon here in Las Vegas and have looked in vain for years for a skilled, honest, and personable dentist. For several years, I went to a very competent and conservative dentist who I really trusted - until he "went Hollywood" on me. What I mean by this is that this other dentist started recommending one ridiculously expensive cosmetic procedure after another every time I went to see him for routine dental care. The last straw for me was when he kept pushing me to get a set of $6,000 veneers that I didn't need or want. Luckily, I had the good fortune of being referred to Dr. Glick and his amazing staff and I couldn't be more satisfied with their practice.  Unlike some other dentists who recommend procedures that can be overly aggressive and sometimes even "less-than-necessary", Dr. Glick actually recommended a LESS invasive and MORE conservative procedure for me than I expected when I cracked one of my teeth. Not only that, but he worked me into his incredibly busy schedule to get this done at my convenience because my availability for treatment was so limited. What a breath of fresh air! If you're looking for a top-notch dentist with a FANTASTIC bedside manner who is very experienced, highly skilled, honest, and genuinely caring, Dr. Glick is your best bet in Vegas.
5	I am writing this for my wife Melissa. She has nothing but praise for Dr Glick and his staff. My wife has spent thousands of dollars over the years keeping her teeth perfect. When he provided a repair he is everything about the patient.
