5	I attended one of Kim's posture clinics,  and all i can say is that she knows the body inside and out.   i learned more in that 90 minutes than in a 9 and a half week teacher training.
5	Five Star revitalization amazing experience of energy and relaxation. Life changing! I highly recommend Yogini'sThank you again Sharon and Kim! I feel like a new person.Jes Edwin
5	Five Star revitalization amazing experience of energy and relaxation.  Life changing!  I highly recommend Yogini'sThank you again Sharon and Kim!  I feel like a new person.Jes Edwin
5	I would recommend this studio only if: you want to improve your overall well being, to control your trauma triggers,  improve your memory, your mood, your muscle tone, your skin and your flexibility. Being at the studio with Sharon, Ruby, Kim, the instructors and my friends just makes me happy. After class I feel like a person in control of myself. I actually joined yelp to put this message out here so others may also have a chance to experiance something wonderful like" happiness".
5	I absolutely love Yogini's.  It has become my regular yoga studio; my home.  I love the people who work there and have a great time taking the Bikram classes.  I feel better than I have felt in YEARS.  Thanks to all you fabulous Yogini's - Sharon, Kim, Roz, Nicole and Sherry.  You are all the best!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS STUDIO! The teachers are very welcoming and friendly, and the classes they offer are great. It definitely has a sense of community, but not the community where new people aren't welcome, but where new friends are encouraged, so don't be afraid to go by yourself. The studio is very clean and very although its an intense workout, the breathing and meditation that they teach you is very calming as well. I highly recommend this place.
3	I hate to be the one person who isn't crazy about this place but....I wasn't crazy about this place. The first day I came in there were two snarky younger girls running the front desk who I did not care for. I had a groupon for 2 months of yoga and one of them said "why didn't you get the 3 month?" I replied that I was starting a new job and..., then was cut off with "you didn't know if you wanted to do yoga anymore teehee. Not awesome.  I attended both of the classes offered in the morning and the bikram in the afternoon. I felt like the morning classes were identical despite having different names and the bikram class was the same as the morning classes except they turned their AC off... The pace is very slow and concentrates a lot on breathing (more than most classes I've been to)....this isn't necessarily a bad thing, but it just didn't really do much for me. I like doing yoga for exercise, but this studio is definitely more yoga for relaxation....so if that is what you want, this place is for you, the morning teacher even sings to you at the end of class.... The teachers were nice, although they didn't do any of the moves with the class so there wasn't really a model for how things should be done. Anyway, the space is nice, the building is older and has some character. The actual yoga area is carpeted while the rest of the place is wood.....I don't really understand why they did that because I find balancing is much easier on a flat surface like wood, but at least the carpet didn't smell bad. Finally, this studio doesn't have a lot of times when classes are available, especially for people who have jobs. So I guess it turned out that I didn't want to do yoga there anymore after all (since I can't make the times during the week and they have very limited times on the weekend) and I was glad I didn't waste my money on the 3 month pass.
5	One class and already a big fan. Instructors are awesome, studio is clean and the variety of classes rocks.
1	I would not go back to yogini again.  They are NOT honest people & quite confrontational.  They pulled a bate and switch on their pricing..  They told me I could pay there, on site, for a living social deal $19 unlimited yoga.  They took my $20.  I took the class, and now they  just called to tell me that I have to buy it through living social.  So, I have to pay another $19 to get this deal.  I just paid $20.   When trying to explain that the receptionist took my $20 with the verbal agreement of unlimited yoga for a month,  she hung up on me.    If I would have gotton the deal, I would have gone four times to feel I got my money's worth.  If I would have gotten the class for free I would not go back again.  So, what it comes down to is... this studio leaves much to be desired and to top it off they are not nice.  WARNINING. Do Not Go To Yoginis.
4	I really enjoyed Yogini's, especially the Sunday 10:30 2 hour class. Every time I left feeling taller and happier! Kim has a wonderful way with her instruction, calming, steady, and just enough edge to keep you paying attention. My only criticism is the schedule. The class times offered don't work for me, but if they add an early of late class, i may be back!!
5	I came to Yogini's through a LivingSocial voucher and it was such a great experience. The instructors, Kim and Ruby, are top-notch and give excellent instruction. The studio is clean and cozy, with a real sense of community. The classes are never in heat over 100 degrees. In the three months I attended Yogini's, I have lost weight, increased my flexibility, built strength, improved my focus and concentration, and have higher energy levels. My body also processes food more efficiently and my metabolism is higher. I highly recommend Yogini's!
5	I found this place through Groupon. Wasn't sure if it is a clean place due to its low price. It is one of the cleanest Yoga institutes I have ever been to. They mostly emphasis on breathing and body awareness. Highly recommended.
4	The instruction was very good, and everything about the Yoga was excellent from the temperature to the general ambiance.  I initially got 3 months at a phenomenal rate from Living Social and signed up for membership to continue afterwards because my experience was that good.Also, their monthly membership fee of $50 is much lower than most other Yoga studios I've found in the area.  The downside for me and why I'm not a member anymore was simply that it was not close enough to my home and the timing didn't fit in my schedule for me to keep attending.  I was driving 35-45 minutes each way in traffic, and just couldn't continue that.  If I lived closer, I would most likely still be a member today.
1	I agree with all the reviews. I went to Yogini's twice. Once I walked in on a class-- I had never been there before so I did not realize that there is no reception area, you just enter the studio.  I had the experience of a very NASTY lady telling me to "GET OUT! You are late.' I was thinking to myself I am sorry, I just thought I was going to walk into a reception area, get a schedule and leave. She actually locked the door after yelling at me to go.   I came back the next day to take a class. It was a different instructor.  The class was great.  The instructor was really friendly.  I bought a groupon but I don't know if I will continue after the groupon is over because I do not want take a class with the nasty lady.  I am not sure she would remember me but I will always ahve a bad impression o her.  if you don't have a reception area you have to think some people are going to accidentally walk into a class.
1	I really did not like this studio.  I agree with the other reviewers that one of the teachers is very confrontational and unprofessional.  I would avoid the studio at all costs.
3	I bought a Groupon for unlimited classes for one month. First time doing Yoga, It's harder than I thought it was gonna be. The first class all I could think about was how freaking hot it was. Second class, I was able to get more into it. It's a nice small studio and the instructor was very nice.
5	I absolutely love this place! I first stared there almost a year ago after purchasing a three month groupon. I was hesitant to become a member because it seemed like a big commitment, but with Yogini's affordable monthly rates I couldn't pass up the opportunity. The space is clean and comfortable and the teachers are SO nice and friendly. The classes are good workout but can also be more relaxing, depending on how hard you want to push yourself. I recommend this place for everyone!
2	I got a groupon deal. I attended for a month.  I am not yoga master however I didn't enjoy the classes. The instructor has this monotone voice that is not clear but she was nice in a dry kind of way if that makes sense.I went three days a week for that month and she did the same poses in the same sequence every session.  It was so boring.  Like snooze fest.
5	Honestly, I don't think enough kind words can be said about the outstanding experience of Yogini's and It's dedicated instructors.  I will miss you all so much.  I hope one day, when I take a vacation to visit my brother in Arizona, I can revisit Yogini's for a relaxing session of Yoga.  Thank you for the information, encouragement, and advice.  It is all much appreciated.
2	I am a HUGE hot yoga fan... I used to live real close to this place so i purchased the groupon and took the months worth of classes. Afterward I enjoyed going so much my boyfriend called and tried purchasing me another pass... I was moving in a few months out of state so he tried getting me a 3 month pass... They told him they would only allow a 6 month pass (ok?) so he asked If he purchase a 6 month pass can 3 months go to me and 3 months to my friend so that we can go together? They assured him it was perfectly fine!! So he purchased a 6 month hot yoga membership (as we know these are not cheap) I was so excited to arrive at yoginis with my friend and they told me she was not allowed to use half my pass and I would have to use it. I assured them I was moving in 3 months and that the other 3 months would go to waste which is why he asked about my friend in the first place which was said to be ok... Needless to say they didn't budge on letting my friend use it with me, called my BF a liar, and i lost out on 3 months of prepaid (NOT CHEAP) yoga because they also would not refund the money! If it wasn't prepaid I wouldn't have gone back. This place is comfortable and clean but not accommodating.
5	Yogini's is the best place in Phoenix for classic Hatha yoga.  The atmosphere is quiet and relaxed.   No yoga-Barbie instructors but real strong women who know their anatomy and yoga.  The workshops are fantastic and really help deepen your practice.  I love everything about this local studio.
5	I started going to Yogini's in a Living Social voucher and within a couple of months I knew I had found a home.  It has been 2 years and my practice at Yogini's has continued.   In fact, my practice has gone deeper than I thought it would when I started.   I am now doing the intensive trainings to take my practice deeper and am also certified to teach some community yoga classes myself!  I have taught some outdoor classes at the local farmers market and would not have had the knowledge let alone the confidence I learned at Yogini's.
1	Read fair reviews on Yelp, so I purchased a 3 month Groupon.  I LOVE Hot Yoga, and needed something close to work.  I've practiced yoga for 5 years, and I'm by no means an expert, but this wasn't my first rodeo.First class - intermediate level at best and since I wasn't in the front right corner of the room, it wasn't hot at all.  I didn't even break a sweat.  The instructor/owner called out another first timer for doing the wrong pose in her atypical flow.   Not the most challenging yoga I had ever participated in, but I felt like there was still potential for growth.Second class - Front right corner this time, so it was hot and sweaty.  Before class, the instructor told me how the previous studio I had visited wasn't "real yoga" and "just a business."  Put down the instructor of previous studio, and at the same time dismissed  what I had learned there.  Same sequence as first class, minus tree pose. During class the instructor/owner called me out during Warrior C when I shifted my hands in prayer forward.  "I don't know what you're doing up there..."  Ummm... taking what I need?? Third class - Came in with a pulled chest muscle.  Felt good when I opened it up so I held some of the poses longer, and took a wrap that felt good.  Owner was very specific when Warrior C came up, it was obvious she didn't want my hands moving from heart center forward.  Skipped a few other floor poses that didn't feel good.  Nothing unreasonable or distracting.  When I got home, I had received this email:Feeling ok today?Dear Amy,  At Yogini's we define our relationship with our students from the beginning. Our guidelines for safe practice sheets are given to you and signed by you when you register in person.It has been noted that you have not followed the studio or yoga practice guidelines, in that you do not follow instruction and deviate from the rest of the class. As per the guidelines, if this behavior continues, you will be dismissed from the class.Yogini's, nor their instructors, will be held responsible for any injuries caused by a practitioner who does not follow the instructions and deviates into their "own" practice, as per the waiver and guidelines signed by yPreview and Sendou.Please remember that as any business, Yogini's has the right to refuse service to anyone.The guidelines are presented to you when you register for your safety. Please refer to these when returning to Yogini's--the safest studio in Phoenix!NamasteUmmm... What!?!Needless to say, the environment presented during class and the intent of this email made the peace I desired from this yoga unattainable.  I was surprised that any yoga instructor would make eye contact, say goodbye after a class and never bring up what had gone wrong if it was so bad that they would threaten to dismiss me!  I would have appreciated the explanation and opportunity to converse about how to adjust poses to increase complexity/challenge.  I did not appreciate the passive aggressive email, or being chided about not following instructions.  Had I been doing a handstand when everyone else was in Warrior A, I would totally understand, but I extended my arms, and took an extra wrap - not behavior that warrants a demeaning, threatening email.The studio (minus the carpet - gross!) was beautiful.  The other room that the owner made me change in (she didn't want me using the bathroom off the studio???) has a lot of potential but is just a big warehouse room.  Unfortunately, the business policies and the owner's bristly personality before and during class made this experience extremely sub-par and they'll probably never grow enough to expand to that space. There are other, way better, yoga studios in the area who are welcoming and don't let their ego run off their clientele.Groupon was very nice about giving me a refund.
3	I love yoga and love trying new kinds. Unfortunately, my three month experience with Yogini's was less than expected. I'll start off with the good, as I like certain aspects of the studio. I enjoyed the large open room of the studio and the heating method, allowing me to feel warm but not too confined is great. Ruby is also a great instructor!However, Kim did not give the best impressions to my mother and myself. We sat in the back, as they want all people who are not members (aka drop ins or groupon/amazon local students) to be in the back row. After having a few classes with Kim, she began moving me up to the front to use me as an example once she saw I memorized the flow and could do all of the poses. On this particular day though, I intentionally went to class with my mother because we do not get to see each other often. She immediately asks me to move up front (even though we weren't talking). I explained to her the situation and got a "we'll see" in response. She walked away to return five minutes later for the start of the class and demanded me to move to the front row. She also made my mom move up front but intentionally put us on opposite ends. I am very easygoing, but this totally ruined the energy in the room, not to mention it drew a lot of attention to the situation. Overall, I recommend this place if you make sure you're attending Ruby's classes. It has potential because they have great classes but needs a bit better customer service!
1	If I could give zero stars I would. They changed their scheduling policy with no notification, were extremely rude when I called to inquire about what had happened, hung up on me, the instructor left a lot to be desired, the "hot"Yoga was lukewarm at best, their dress code was not on the website (if you're in anything less than a moo-moo basically they'll judge you out loud to your face, but only after the class so they get your money first), and make you pay in advance for your sessions to hold a spot. The place was clean, that was the only positive. The energy during the class was lacking, probably didn't help that there were only 10 people in there. Stay away!
5	After searching for a yoga studio for some time, I am happy to say I have found Yoginis!  I love this studio and feel that it is the most authentic Hatha yoga studio in the area by far. Kim is an experienced teacher that can safely bring you in and out of postures unlike many other teachers I have taken classes from.
