4	Again by pluck & happenstance I've stumbled into a soft open and have been richly rewarded. This smaller, hipper edition of Yama will be for those in search of bold & experimental flavors. Do not come here for California rolls & Sapporo. Think quail egg, monkfish liver (the seafood equivalent of foie gras), and a wasabi raw octopus dish that's sublime in balancing flavor versus texture.The decor is contemporary with elements of traditionalism. There are a few booths along the wall neatly separated by hanging thick strands of rope, primarily seating is tables with comfortable chairs at the bar meant for holding the human body for dining. It is not your typical Japanese restaurant in a strip shopping mall.Like the food the bar has a focus of uniqueness and being different than surrounding offerings. Saki will be a strong point.Food is split between small plates (where vegetarian choices are limited), yakitori, and entrees where ramen is featured. Depending on the small plate ordered you'll get 3-6 items so sharing is the goal. The pork belly is so good you may not want to. On a stick items come in 3s. Ramen lovers may no longer need to commute to Pineville as the broths are made each night for the next day and the deepness of flavor shows. The serving size is generous, so commit to 2-3 small plates or ramen. You'll be too full for all. Later look for a number of specials to capitalize on unique ingredients or the chef's creativity.Prices are are reflective of the higher quality ingredients but not outrageously so. It's a step up in experience for the neighborhood but you won't feel it was overpriced.
4	Enjoyed a wonderful meal tonight with my daughters. Attentive service, beautiful space, and varied menu. Our favorite menu item? Bacon wrapped asparagus. Smoky, bacon goodness. And since asparagus is included, it must be good for you, right? The seaweed salad was well-seasoned. Tasty tempura, well-done dumplings, and al-dente ramen rounded out a great meal. Looking forward to trying more of the yakitori. So pleased to see another great addition to our neighborhood's restaurant scene.
5	could say more about this wounderful place, evreything is so delicious especially the ramen. i would definately come back for it.
5	Very impressive restaurant! Beautiful interior. The ramen is to die for , I ordered the Tonkostu (pork bone) ramen which was very tasty and flavorful! The service was awesome and staff is friendly. My new favorite place to get ramen.
5	An excellent addition to Plaza Midwood. We went before the grand opening and were very impressed. The food is served in small portions / tapas style. Excellent flavors!I understand the vibe and appreciate the Japanese drink selection but it would be great to see some local beers. The cocktail menu could use a little fine tuning, adding anything but Vodka! Yamazaki cocktails would be a great addition! Lars was a great server!We're excited to return!
5	We went to Izakaya during one of their first days open for cocktail hour and I have to say, I am THRILLED to have a cool Japanese bar in the neighborhood.  I've been to many places in Charlotte that serve Japanese food with a variety of local craft brews, but this is the first place that seems to be aiming for a truly authentic Japanese experience.  They have over ten styles of Japanese beers, Asian-influenced cocktails (Gin and Gingertini, YUM!), and the largest sake list I've seen.  Our server was very helpful in walking us through the sake list, and recommended a delicious, dry sake that tasted miles beyond the sake I've had before.In addition, the Miso ramen minus the fish cake/egg was delicious, and also vegan.  Wakame salad made an excellent starter.The restaurant is hip and traditional combined, the staff are happy, and the owners walk through the dining room to personally speak with you.  I can see how Yama Asian Fusion is as successful as it is!  Vegans and vegetarians can find some food options after some tweaking, and that ramen was SO very good.  I will probably find myself here after work quite often, lol.
5	Japanese tapas! I've been waiting for this place to open for weeks...my friends and I went on a Friday night and were immediately greeted and seated.  It's really urban inside, with traditional Asian accents.  The ropes separating the tables are a unique touch.Our sever was super friendly and informed us that they were still "soft opening", and let us know that they hadn't yet gotten their full inventory in, but would be continually adding new and exotic options in the future.  Beer was almost all Japanese and I couldn't resist Sapporo on draft.  They have a large sake list and I will definitely try some next time.Everything is family-style, meant to be shared, so you can feel free to try something you've never had before (Takoyaki, or octopus balls, WOW) and not feel like you committed to something you may not like.  We had takoyaki, beef wrapped enoki mushrooms, gyoza, and Tonkatsu (pork broth) ramen, and it was so insanely good...like, REALLY good.  It comes out randomly, but that's part of the fun.  My partner and I placed bets on which items would come next, haha, it's a good game.  All told,I can't believe they've only been open a few days.  Here's to many more good nights!
5	Hands down the BEST Japanese authentic food here in Charlotte. In Japan izakayas (pubs) are known to be places for people to drink and eat, and the same applies here. Although a bit pricey (compared to Japan, but makes sense for america), the food is phenomenal and very authentic. While my friends and I were there we got a bunch of small plates and then split the bill, which is how it usually works in Japan. The okonomiyaki, takoyaki, and the grilled squid are great. The taco wasabi is good, but don't order it if you aren't familiar with it, its more of an acquired taste. And the yakitori are superb. I've been to Japan, and have been to plenty of izakayas, and Yama Izakaya has met my expectations on terms of food and taste. I plan to visit again soon to try their ramen. If you're looking for a place to have a legit real Japanese experience and have real Japanese food while enjoying a few drinks with friends , I would highly recommend this place. Thanks Yama Izakaya.
4	They just opened.  I mean JUST opened the doors.  There isn't even a sign yet.  I think the actual grand opening is next week.Nice decor, friendly service, and good ramen.  The booths have large pieces of rope in between them.  It gives a barrier, but yet doesn't make you feel confined.  Our server was very friendly and extremely attentive.  That said, he needs some practice with his spiel.  The descriptions of some things were extremely vague, and others just seemed more like rambles and no real point ever made.  That will all come with time, and I knew what I wanted anyhow.As far as the food goes.  I assumed it was just a ramen bar before entering.  Only to find out later it was a Japanese style tapas bar that served ramen as well.  I really enjoyed my noodles.  It wasn't like the quality you would hope to expect in a major city like NY, San Fran, or D.C., but a nice addition to the Charlotte food scene.  With so many pho places in the area, its nice to have another option.  As per the tapas.  The small bites were pretty small bites, and not cheap either.  I wouldn't say over-priced for the area, especially at $12-13 for a huge bowl of ramen.  But at 6-12'ish plus a pop for small bites and similar prices for yakitori, it can add up fast.  Some of these little bites may be amazing and totally worth it, I'll have to try again.  However, personally, I'd rather be full for $12, than still hungry after spending $20.For you drinkers, the bar is fully stocked.  Plenty of sake and a few beers on tap.Bottom line is that this place has some potential.  I think local foodies will give it a chance as well as the plaza midwood scene.  I'm glad their doing a soft opening for now as they were out of a lot of things, and the staff is still wet behind the ears.  All that should get fixed ASAP.  I'll be back!
5	Yayyy! Plaza Midwood has a new restaurant. They are having their grand opening on 10/17 and said that there will be free bites- so check it out.First of all- THANNK YOU. Thank you for taking a risk and opening in PM's awkward strip mall. This strip mall has improved so much in the past few years. It is really awesome to see businesses going in there. We ordered the bacon wrapped asparagus and squid for starters. The asparagus was green asparagus and white asparagus (nice touch).  They were good. I wasn't blown away, but definitely tasty. We also ordered the pork ramen. THAT MY FRIENDS is delicious. The pork is marinated in teriyaki sauce and it the broth is made over a ridiculous amount of time (8 hours? Something like that). I really want to try the miso and the chicken ramen. I have big plans for eating plenty of ramen this winter. The portion was so large that I have plenty for lunch today. We were stupidly confused by their menu. When it says "extra" they mean "you already have this, but if you want to pay extra for a another egg it is....". That was our fault, but just wanted to give a heads up to anyone else who also my struggle with reading menus.Overall, the place is delicious. I think the prices a little high, but not too high to come back. I am interested in trying more of their small bites.
3	So I was mad pumped about having a ramen house in the neighborhood ... and it was dope on the more over. Good size portions, yummy broth, great hot sake. A few downfalls: My dinner partners food (chicken something or other with noodles - not 100% sure) was way less than good - like way less than good. The server was obviously super new at the game and wicked nervous. He came to the table 9 million times - but I get that... 1st day on the job. I didn't like that the things that we ordered were one price on the menu and another price on the bill (every item we ordered).  I do look forward to returning to try something new very soon but I hope that it is a little more smooth the next time I stop in. As they are very new I am sure that the kinks are still being worked out. I say try it for sure.... It was a great rainy day choice.
5	Came here with my boyfriend basically tried everything on the menu and it was all delicious!!  I love the miso ramen and everything in the yakitori list, the bites are really tasty and everything is reasonably priced. We were really impressed with the food and sake list, they have sake by the carafe and magnums too. Only thing my boyfriend complaints about was too much ice in his drink which I thought was nothingWill be back very soon a cool and comfortable place to hang too as well!
4	Someone pinch me!  I think I'm dreaming. The RAMEN here is out of this world amazing.  We came here by searching on Yelp for Japanese food only to discover they had just opened and we hit the jackpot. Yes, that's right, Grand Opening Night!  They had a complementary photo booth, free food samples and the only thing you had to pay for was your drinks.  I will have to say, I ordered the full size portion of the chicken broth ramen and it was fantastic.  The broth was seasoned to perfection and the noodles were also cooked to perfection (not overly cooked and not crunchy). I will have to say, I tried the Cucumber Saketini and it was not the best drink I've ever had.  It was a bit watered down in flavor and weak on the alcohol.  All of their cocktails are homemade on location, so I would suggest they perfect this drink a bit more before allowing it into the masses.  I digress...  They brought us a few skewers of shiitake mushrooms that were very tiny but full of flavor.  I'd like to see larger sized mushrooms, but they were fantastic nevertheless.  We were also given a few skewered peppers that were flavorful as well. I believe they are going to be really big, really quick!  They just need to get on Open Table to make it easier to make reservations.  The decor is dark and authentic feeling.  The ropes they have hanging between tables along the walls add a nautical feeling and I love it. The waitstaff are very friendly and accommodating.  Abraham was our waiter and he was certainly top notch.  This is definitely a go to place for a nice weekend treat!
4	It's great that Yama Izakaya opened up. Before, I had to travel to Musashi or NYC to get my ramen and JP bar food fix but now I can just come here when I visit the 704!I had the wasabi tako, takoyaki, okonomiyaki, and tonkotsu ramen. The takoyaki was the best out of all the selections and it was piping hot when it came out. The wasabi tako was good but I would have liked more sliced scallions on top. Okonomiyaki (pancake) was a bit small for the price ($12) but it tasted great. In terms of the ramen, yeah the bowl is somewhat large, but for $14, it was seriously lacking. The broth was tasty and the noodles seemed fresh. Even the amount of chashu was typical (2 slices).  BUT I've been to better ramen bars with more toppings (nori, scallions, naruto, etc) and better made chashu for $10-11. Also, "shio" ramen actually refers to "salt," not chicken as mentioned on their menu. Call me a ramen snob, but whatevs.I also had Orion and Hana Awaka Sake. I recommend the Hana Awaka if you like the sweeter side of things. I wanted the Fukucho but they ran out (on their opening weekend? what tha....).So bar food - delicious, ramen - left to be desired, drinks - good selection, service - good. A bit more westernized than I would have liked but they do have the hi-tech Japanese toilet that spits out water.
2	Decor very cute, swanky. Service 5 star!!!  Drinks unique and excellent. Yelling at staff head chef....yep they got one!! Lamb lollipops the size of actual lollipops....6 dollars each....that's there too.....!!?? Family style dishes for sharing....that won't fill a bird.....yikes.  its tapas... so dont go if you are hungry or make sure it's payday....I won't be back unless I am meeting someone for drinks. Im going for dinner where I get a meal after a long hard day.
5	Girlfriend and I started with the fried octopus balls and the seared steak small plates. Both were excellent, great flavors on both. Washed them down with some delicious Japanese beers. Followed this up with the beef wrapped mushroom yakitori. I really loved this, especially the texture. We both ended with the tonkostu, ramen in pork bone broth. I was a little worried this wouldn't fill me up, but that was not the case. I had to take a break, after finishing mine before proceeding to finish the one my girlfriend ordered. The broth was so good I couldn't stop eating, even though I was really full. I am not proud of that, but it was all just too good. Before coming here I didn't even like Japanese food. We will definitely be back to try more of the menu. So glad to have this place in the neighborhood. It was a little on the expensive side, but totally justified. Great place for a group of friends or a date night.
4	Must try the pork ramen!  The broth is out of this world.  Was not a fan of the pancake...too fishy for me.  Great atmosphere.  The sake nigori and the blueberry mojitos were delicious.  I'm going to introduce everyone I know to this place!
5	Very pleasantly surprised, hats down the best and most authentic Japanese restaurant in Charlotte!  Disclosure, if you are not adventurous enough to taste beyond chicken teriyaki, don't bother going there, you won't enjoy it.  But otherwise, have a blast!
4	If you're new to Japanese cuisine outside of the common sushi, you're in for a treat!  The restaurant offers a variety of appetizers, small plates, and entrees to try. The tapas-style setting is great for groups willing to share a taste of dishes.  Be warned that the small plates are in fact "petite portions" and they do skew a tad pricey, ranging from $6-12 per dish.I can't say it's The Best, but the food is consistent and the menu definitely exceeds you're typical "hibachi" joint.  My favorites were the Spicy Beef (marinated beef), Ebi Shumai (shrimp dumpling), and Okonomiyaki (pancake).Overall it was a good experience and I'll certainly be going back for the Ramen!
5	This spot was a newfound GEM.  I am so happy that finally there is a true Izakaya  (Japanese gastrolounge) here in Charlotte finally:  Yakitori & Other small bites, Home-made Ramen soups, and Sakes.  Just to level set, this is an izakaya restaurant so don't expect sushi (that's offered at their other restaurant, Yama Asian in Southpark) or any hibachi.  Their ramen soup broth is made from scratch and cooked down for a really loooooong time, the way you're supposed to it. Everything we had was skillfully seasoned, prepared, and grilled/cooked. Highly recommended and not highly priced like Baku in Southpark.
3	sigh. SIIIIIIGH. So completely average. I couldn't decide between 2 "Meh. I've experienced better." stars and 3 "A-OK" because while I HAVE experienced better, Yama should get points for even offering its menu items in Charlotte.I had the takoyaki aka octopus balls (good), tori kara-age aka fried chicken bits (not good), potato croquettes (bad), miso ramen (okay), and shio ramen (bad).If you have had the pleasure of eating ramen in LA or NY, check your expectations before coming here. The broth and noodles here don't even compare to... to even a Ippudo. But the prices do.I doubt I will be returning. If I save the money I would spend on 10 Yama trips, I could just fly to NY and eat good ramen. #math #superreasonable
3	My friends heard about this place that just opened up not too long ago and we decided to come try it out. I was a little hesitant because this is the same owners from Yama Asian Fusion in Southpark (I went there once for dinner and was NOT impressed at all). But I figured hey, I'll give this place at least one chance.For small bites/yakitori, we ordered: Ika Sugatayaki (Grilled squid), Seared Tuna Salad (my favorite), Hamachi Jalapenos, Akimo (Monkfish liver), Ika Geso (fried squid tentacles), Takoyaki (fried octopus ball), and Chicken Negi (chicken on skewers). The small bites and yakitori were all pretty good and tasty. So far, so good.For my main dish, I ordered the Tonkostu Ramen (pork bone broth) and I'm sad to say that it was only average at best. The portion was a good size but it was SO VERY BLAND tasting and kind of lacking. There's a lot of ramen and broth, but not very much of everything else. Their ramen leaves a lot to be desired to simply put it. I've had packaged ramen that had more flavor than the ramen I had here and I'm not even being facetious, that's pretty disappointing.Service is on point, and the servers pay attention and take care of you. I'd come back to hang out with friends and to eat the small bites/yakitori but I probably won't be ordering a ramen bowl again. You won't find another restaurant in Charlotte that serves the small bites/yakitori they have, so they have that going for them but this place is average at best.
5	First time to Charlotte on a work trip, after 3 days of sandwich and salads, I was really in the mood for Japanese food and beer.  Found this place through Yelp, and I was pleasantly surprised.  The ramen was rich and flavorful, the yakotori was cooked to perfection, this place would rival some of my favorite restaurants in Little Tokyo LA.  I ended up coming back the next day.
4	I adore Ramen, and hunt down the best spots worldwide. I cannot begin to tell you how excited I am that there is now quality ramen in Charlotte. The traditional Pork Broth is excellent and the pork itself is some of the best I've had in Ramen. Although they recommend sharing, I say make everybody get their own bowl! Make sure to start with the excellent seaweed salad. You won't be disappointed. This is my new go-to spot when I want soup/noodles! Also - staff is charming and helpful. I went on election night and as there wasn't a game on, they were friendly and accommodating when I asked to turn the bar tv to MSNBC to watch election results. All in all, GREAT ADDITION TO THE CHARLOTTE RESTAURANT SCENE.
4	It's definitely the best tonkotsu ramen you'll get in Charlotte, I found it to be the closest to what I have had on my trips to Tokyo. Takoyaki was also good, in fact everything we had was good, though I wish the tempura was more traditional (kabocha and sweet potato this time of year would have been a bonus, instead of onion). We'll definitely be going back, it's on our short list of fave places now. Service was speedy/friendly as well!
4	Good place to go if you like ramen offered in places like NYC. The broth is good but the noodles could be better. I would highly recommend the bacon wrapped enoki (mushroom) as an appetizer. I'm glad to see a place like this open up in Charlotte.
4	Been here twice. Once before the grand opening and once after. The ramen is great - we've tried the pork and miso broth. We both liked the miso broth better (ask for the hot sesame oil). The bacon wrapped enoki is fabulous. The octopus balls were okay - the octopus was well cooked but the rest of the filling was too mushy for my taste. I got the udon with veggies and scarfed it down. Not sure what sauce was on it but it was really good. Management was present during the most recent visit. A plate was dropped on the floor and the waitstaff missed one large shard during cleanup. The manager walked over and looked at that piece three times before a customer accidentally kicked it, picked it up, and handed it to the bartender. I'm sorry but that's just embarrassing.
5	I have been traveling quite a bit lately and have had a chance to eat Ramen in LA, Dallas and even twice in Atlanta, at two different spots.  I had searched for Ramen in Charlotte more than a year ago, and having not found any, had not searched again until now.I was excited to find Yama Izakaya.  After eating tasty Ramen in larger cities, and many times in Asia, my expectations were not very high for Yama.  Was I ever wrong!  I ordered the Tonkusto and was blown away by its flavor!  Yama is on par with any other US Ramen house if not better.  While the price is more expensive than other places I have eaten, it is worth every penny.  The serving is large.  Ramen is served in a deeper bowl than usual, with more than enough noodles to fill you up.  I look forward to trying other menu items, but the Tonkusto is enough to keep me coming back over and over.Restaurant is clean, trendy, and wait staff is friendly and attentive.
1	This ramen was a joke. Our waitress told us it was Top Ramen, and I guess I had the creamy chicken flavored with what seemed like sliced lunchmeat in it (ordered the $13 Tonkotsu)The waitress was not very pleasant after we questioned why they used such poor ingredients. Will not be returning.
4	Started the experience with a cup of green tea. The tea was room temperature and with a little honey it added the sweetness I was looking for. Also added a small bite of Buta Kakuni (braised pork belly). It was soaked in a ginger type sauce. It was good. Ordered the Tonkostu (pork bone broth). This was amazing!! This is what made my experience. The pork broth soup has been simmering for about 12 hours. Very flavorful that came with a creamy base. On top was braised pork belly that were sliced very thin. Along with the pork came bamboo shoots, half of a hard boiled egg, and the ramen noodle. The ramen noodle had a good texture. The noodle soaked up the pork broth sauce well. I also ordered extra noodles in my dish and it was very filling! If you are looking for a new restaurant in the Charlotte area and looking for that Ramen fix, I would highly suggest this place. It is worth the $14 for a bowl of Ramen soup. Next time I would like to try the Soba Noodles.
1	Shocked by all these good reviews. We thought the food was terrible and the atmosphere cold.   It's a shame since we love the original in South Park.
2	I was really excited when I heard there was a new ramen place in town, but I guess I had too high of expectations for this place.When I first arrived, I thought that the atmosphere was really great and the decorations were pretty awesome.  I sat at a table where there were ropes hanging from the ceiling to the bottom separating us from the other table.  I thought it was pretty cool.  The lighting in there was dim, so it felt like a great intimate place for a date, or just a small group of friends.The ramen was what I was excited about, but the their Small Bites were what was amazing to me.  Definitely try the Ika Geso (fried squid tenticles), Takoyaki (fried octopus ball) and Hamachi Jalapenos.  The Tuna Salad is pretty wicked as well!  If you go there, TRY THE SMALL BITES!!!  Now as for their ramen, it's a different story.  I had ordered the Tonkostu Ramen and asked for it to be spicy.  I did not taste any spiciness in it or did I really taste any flavor as it was very bland.  It really made me sad that it was bland.The service here was really nice.  I quite enjoyed our waiter as he was friendly and very patient to explain things when we weren't sure what it was that we were ordering or wanted more of an explanation.I know I want to give this place another try in the future, and I hope that when I do, they step up their ramen game.
3	I'm no Japanese food connoisseur, but I can tell you the food at Yama was quite nice. Because it's all tapas style, we got to try quite a few dishes. From the shrimp dumplings and popcorn chicken to the cumin lamb skewers, shishito pepper skewers and bowl of ramen, all of the food tasted pretty good. An Izakaya is a pub like joint - and Yama is quite like that, except may be a tad bit more sophisticated than a pub. It's dimly lit, casual, somewhat noisy, the service is good and quick, quite a few food options and some good beer and sake choices (along with a full bar) on the menu. I don't think the food was necessarily authentic or unique by any means, but as pub food - it was good & nothing to complain about. A fair rating would be closer to 3.5 than 3. It's a fun new place worth checking out, especially with a group of friends on a Friday or Saturday evening.
3	Sigh... I so want to give this place 5 stars!! I love Yama Asian Fusian in South Park and I had really high expectations of their new restaurant. We came not long after they opened with the intent on trying some small bites and getting some ramen.Small bites first: Buta Kakuni (pork belly) this was really good. Cooked well but I prefer mine crispier on the outside. This was a little on the soggy side. Just a personal preference though, taste wise it was good!The hamachi jalepenos were probably a 3-4/5 stars. I adore yellowtail but this pretty much left me underwhelmed.Gyu Tataki (seared steak) was probably the best thing I ate all night!! Seriously I could eat nothing but a meal of this and some rice... very well seasoned and perfectly cooked.Okonomiyaki (japanese pancake) I have no idea if this was how it was supposed to taste because I did not like it at all!! My friends said it was pretty good though. Soba w/Anago minus the anago lol... This was a good dish however we got it about 10-15 minutes after we finished eating. Gyoza was standardRamen:  I was not impressed. The noodles didn't seem to be cooked properly and were clumping together and not very slurpable (new word lol). The quality and flavor just seemed to be off. It definitely was not enough to get us to come there for ramen versus Musashi's. Overall I would have given this place 4 stars except the service we had was actually kind of terrible. The guy managing the house was one of the servers from Yama and I remember him well. However he seemed overwhelmed. Again they are new so I was cutting them some slack. We needed a table for 3 and he said it would be a few minute wait for a table to leave and be cleared off so we went to the bar. A table left and no one had cleaned it off but they appeared busy. Another couple came in and a waitress went up to them and attempted to give them the table we were waiting on. At this point we'd been waiting for about 15 minutes staring at an empty dirty table for 10 of those minutes so we were a little peeved. I went up to her and said we've been waiting for that table for 10 minutes. The manager put our names on the list and she just completely ignored it. There were 2 person tables along the wall as well. She got really defensive and kind of nasty with me, again losing points. Our waiter came by eventually and could 100% not be bothered with us. He was not happy to be waiting on us and I think he may have been ill. He would disappear for long long stretches of time and it took FOREVER to get through this meal. About halfway through the meal after he had to go put a few of our items in for order because he forgot I saw him bookbag/takeout bag in hand leaving the restaurant. He never once told us he was leaving or said a word to us. Just left... The guy who took over was nice but clearly had not been updated on the tables. Again our previous waiter had supposedly put the rest of our order in and hadn't. Honestly with the service the way it was I'd give a normal restaurant 1 star... However I know the standards by which their other restaurant runs and I'm hoping this is just new restaurant issues that will be resolved. If I'm in the area I may stop in again for some small bites but will probably skip the ramen.
1	First time trying Yama Izakaya and went with a group, two of whom had been once before. Waitress was fantastic, very friendly and attentive. When we inquired about gluten-free options, we were informed YI does not have any, and we were told this isn't an oversight, but rather the owner is anti-gluten-free. Meaning, he is one of those people who doesn't believe Celiac disease or gluten sensitivities are actually a "thing". Not a great start...Most of the group ordered noodle soup dishes and thought they were fine, but not good enough to patronize the establishment again. One of the group, the GF member, ordered teriyaki chicken, even though they knew it wasn't GF, but it was the best we could do... The chicken pieces were HORRIBLE, chewy, rubbery and gristly, and worse than you would expect from the cheapest, greasiest Chinese take-out place. To be clear, YI doesn't even offer a GF noodle option, much less GF soy sauce. Rice noodles would be such an easy option for a restaurant such as YI to offer, but first the owner would have to care about GF guests. Needless to say, we won't be returning.
5	The service was great here. The management was very attentive and polite and the food was excellent. I had the miso cod and the tonkatsu ramen. Everything was excellent. I will def be returning to this restaurant more often even if it's out of the way for me.
3	I'm really torn about Yama Izakaya.  Since the only ramen I've ever had came out of a bag that costs 10 cents, I had wanted to see what it was like to have real Japanese ramen.  We went there on a Saturday night; it was pretty busy, so we had about a half hour wait.  The atmosphere was very cool and modern.  However, they don't really have much of a waiting area.  And since it was very chilly the night we went, we weren't going to stand outside.  The bar was also full, so we (and others) basically hovered around the hostess stand and doorway, which I'm sure they absolutely loathe, but what other options did we have?  Once we were seated, it was a little tough deciding what to order.  The menu is pretty short and limited.  I looked immediately at the ramen options.  To get a big bowl of broth, it's $12.95.  Not a bad price, but if you want the noodles (why isn't this automatic?), you have to pay an additional $3.50.  That's closing in on a $17 bowl of ramen soup that I can buy in the store for 10 cents.  Sure, it's homemade, natural, blah, blah, blah.  But seriously, all ramen is is broth (just broth) with some noodles thrown in.  Is it just me, or is $17 a little ridiculous?  Needless to say, I skipped the very expensive bowl of simple broth (which ultimately is meat and vegetable-flavored water) and settled for the Yaki Soba, a buckwheat noodle dish with veggies.  It was good, but not entirely filling and, if we had known we weren't going to order the ramen, we would have gone somewhere else.I wanted to like Yama Izakaya, but paying for a $17 bowl of ramen is like paying top dollar for cheap plastic stuff Made in China.
3	Update: I've been informed that apparently the ramen DOES come with more than just broth. It's really a shame that the menu or servers don't explain that to patrons.  All other menu items have details about each dish.  The menu description for the ramen clearly just says "broth."  At any rate, now I don't feel like returning to spend additional money after my somewhat disappointing first experience.
1	We dined here for my boyfriends birthday a few days ago and we were highly disappointed with the food. The miso ramen had a rank, overly fishy taste and smell making it inedible. The pork ramen was okay, but it also had an unpleasant, spoiled taste to it as well. Overall I would say that the food is overpriced and poorly executed. Soul gastrolounge down the street is a much better option for both ramen and tapas.
3	First off I think it is hilarious that some people are taking off stars and confused about the ramen offerings here thinking that they needed to pay extra for noodles or adding in items and not ordering it at all instead of simply asking about it. Having eaten in ramen shops up and down the eastern and western coast I feel like I have to say this is simply how ramen is listed. Now on to the actual review.Having drunken quite a fair bit and needing some food before resuming the aforementioned drinking fellow yelper Jonathon B. and I stumbled in here at around 9:30-10? for some grub. Well I have to say the place looks kinda cool, unfortunately we happened to be here at the worst possible time as a humongous group of people decided on this joint as the place to celebrate a birthday bash. Believe me it was highly annoying when all you can hear during a meal is constantly CHUG CHUG CHUG and FUCK YEAH BRO! Believe it or not it is okay to tell your guests to respect the other guests around them and stop yelling in your establishment.Spying monkfish liver on the menu I went with it because who doesn't love the Foie gras of the sea as an appetizer! I regretted it. While the texture is excellent the pairing of salmon ikura on top leaves it tasting so fishy that the pool of vinegar at the bottom failed to brace it down to tolerable levels. I also tried some of my dining partner's beef negimaki. The beef is nice, the asparagus is well cooked, but the presentation makes it pretty hard to eat. Shortly afterwards our ramen came out though and it was pretty good! The broth is very porky, makes me wonder if they didn't do the traditional parboiling to neutralize some of that or something. Anyways I like it but some people may not. The side items strewn throughout the soup were adequate if not amazing. The extremely major flaw I actually pointed out to the server was that you have listed a flavored egg as an item in the soup but all we have gotten is a hard boiled egg cut in half. I was met with an actual shrug of the shoulders and an eh! Hey you asked how everything was girl! Seriously though this is not how you should respond to an honest critique, please train your waitstaff better.In conclusion and the words of our server: eh *shoulder shrug*
5	This food was absolutely delicious. I ordered udon and my two friends both ordered ramen. We all thought it was very tasty. Honestly I will be dreaming about it until I come again. My only complaint is its a little pricey for my budget but definitely worth it.Also, so pleased to find the heated fancy toilet in the women's bathroom. This certainly elevated my experience.
3	Nt thrilled with dinner. I'd give the staff a 5 because there were really great but the food was not impressive. Apparently they are known for their Ramen noodles, should have ordered that. Very heavy on the grilled meat and lots of pork used in many dishes. The grilled whole squid tasted like fishy rubber bands so I asked for more lemon to help get it down. The asparagus wrapped in beef was good but entirely to difficult to eat the way it was served, with chop sticks. I had to pull it apart with my fingers since the 'bite sized portion' was three times the size for a normal bite. I was really hoping for more from this place. We were also shocked at the price they are charging for their food.
4	It's great to have Japanese restaurant that isn't sushi or hibachi or a Japanese steakhouse. They have Hitachino Nest White Ale on tap, which I didn't even know was possible. We ordered takoyaki, okonomiyaki, gyoza, and ebi shumai. You can definitely share and make a meal out of the small plates. And that's what you would do at an izakaya in Japan. Takoyaki and okonomiyaki both came drizzled with sauce, mayonnaise, and topped with bonito fish flakes. They were excellent! Takoyaki was nicely grilled on the outside but soft on the inside. Also very hot, so you know it's fresh. Okonomiyaki was tasty, but not as thick with tons of cabbage as I would like. Still, this is the only place in Charlotte that has it and it was good with crispy bacon on the bottom. Gyoza were crispy on the bottom, and dumpling skins were tender without falling apart. My boyfriend didn't enjoy the ebi shumai as much but I think they were comparable to what I've had in Japan.  To cap it all off, the ladies room has a heated toilet seat with a washlet. I will definitely be going back to try the ramen!
2	The food was alright, but nothing really stood out.  We had the Spicy Miso, which was zero spicy, and a handful of the "small bite" appetizers.  Nothing was bad, but again, nothing was really good.The waitstaff was really annoying, and we didn't really have just one waiter.  There was about 4 or 5 different people that constantly checked on our table, each bringing us/refilling our waters without asking.  Usually this is something I'm for, but at one point we had 12 glasses of water for 6 people at our table.  Instead of taking away the empty cups, the random waiters just continued to fill them.This is also one of those places that doesn't write your order down, and they attempt to memorize everything.  Some places do it well, however this is not one of those places.  We had to remind our waitress a handful of times about missing items that she forgot to put in, and they brought us wrong food twice.
3	Always glad to check out a new restaurant in my neighborhood.  Yama Izakaya is located in the same strip mall that houses Healthy Home Market and Bistro Le Bon.My friend was seated and waiting on me.  It was fairly busy for a Monday night..  We noticed nice brick work on the walls.  There are thick ropes that serve as dividers between tables that had a nautical feel.  Alternative rock music played in the background.  So pleased that it was not cheesy pop!Because I checked in on Yelp, we were rewarded with free edamame!  We also ordered the tempura shrimp and vegetables as a starter.  The serving was small, and the tempura seemed less crisp than what I have experienced, but it tasted fine.For my entree, I ordered the vegetables and buckwheat noodles.  My friend ordered the same with shrimp.  And, of course I asked for hot sauce.  A small saucer arrived, and because I only had chopsticks, there was difficulty scraping out the remaining sauce.  So, I asked for another saucer of hot sauce.  Yes, I know.  I have a problem. The entree itself was good, but there was nothing that was particularly outstanding about it. The ladies' bathroom handle had problems.  Someone had to open the door from the other side so that I could escape.This is a newer restaurant, and I think that with time, it will evolve into an established venue.
2	I've been here a total of 4 times. I'm not sure I'll ever go back.Visit #1 - They were most recently opened and my BF and I were anxious to try on a weekend evening. We walked in and waited about 5 mins for anyone to even acknowledge our presence. They were fairly busy and seemed short staffed but I could see open table so surely they would seat right away. Once we were greeted we were told it would be about 5 or 10 mins for a table to be ready. As we were starving we left to go elsewhere.Visit #2 - Came in with a party of 5 and were seated right away on a Friday night around 7pm. Our waiter asked if it was our first time (it was for all of us) and he proceeded to give us a brief but informative rundown of the menu and took our questions and answered them expertly. I had bacon wrapped asparagus and a drink special. Very Yum! Everyone was very pleased with the service and quality of the dishes. Visit #3 - Me and the BF came back a few weeks later on a weeknight. Our waiter once again asked us if we wanted a rundown of the menu and we declined as we were both in the mood for Ramen (he had gotten it previously and loved it). This was was the best thing I can remember eating as of late. So much flavor I didn't want to stop eating. I was unable to finish but I was also glad I had enough left over to eat again the next day. We were promptly provide with to-go soup containers to transport our delicious broth and noodles home.Visit #4 - It is bitterly cold out this winter and I promised the BF I'd grab some Ramen and bring it home for dinner so we could enjoy it bundled up on the couch.  I walked in today and was greeted promptly as the restaurant was empty at 5:30pm on a weekday. This is how the conversation went with the Hostess ...Me: Hi, Yes ... I'd like to place a take-out order please.Yama: Oh, we don't do that.Me: I can't place an order to take with me?Yama: No, our plates are very small and we just don't do that.Me: But I've been here before an taken my left overs home in a container.Yama: Yeah, we can't do that. But you can sit at the bar and have a drink.Me: Um, no thanks ... I'll figure something else out.HOW/WHY WOULD YOU REFUSE A PAYING CUSTOMER THAT WANTS TO BUY YOUR FOOD AND LEAVE YOU A TIP FOR PREPARING THE ORDER THAT WOULD MOST CERTAINLY COME BACK AGAIN AND AGAIN ... NOT TO MENTION HAS BEEN TELLING EVERYONE SHE KNOWS HOW GOOD THE PLACE IS?!Needless to say, I'm extremely frustrated and disappointed. Really had my heart set on some Ramen but went to Fuel pizza instead (which was super friendly and very delicious).
