2	came here with my mom for my yearly smoked meat sandwich (visiting the parents, from san francisco, for the holidays). altogether, it did the job and satisfied my craving, but i've had better smoked meat.
2	I've only been there late at night and the food was never good. Might be better during normal hours but I doubt it.
4	Ribs were quite good. Service was excellent and friendly. Family-friendly place. I think this is my new family restaurant.
2	It isn't what it used to be, for sure.  Back in the day, it was the only place to eat after the clubs closed but there are other options.  I would go to MacDonalds before I overpaid for the lack lustre and really limp smoked meat that is being served as one of Chenoy's signatures.  It isn't a clean as it could be, our table was "sticky" and this was at dinner time, not at 3:30 am.  The fries were hard and by the taste or lack thereof?  Frozen.  Sorry but I'll go to Abie's on St. Jean if I want a good smoked meat.  Chenoy's has passed its prime.
1	I used to frequent this place almost every night in the 90s and hadn't been back to Montreal in a LONG time. With family in tow, I remembered this restaurants to be a good quality and value. To my surprise, when i walked into the restaurant, visually, it hadn't changed a bit and looked like I had stopped back in time. i did notice that there were a lot of elderly people eating there and it wasn't as busy, as it used to be. The hostess was nice but took her time to seat us. However, I attribute this to being on Toronto time and some places can't keep up. Sitting down, I had a window booth and i noticed that the booth really wasn't clean, and parts of the restaurant had also been ignored. This place could use a scrub down. Interestingly, the bathroom was okay but the stall was miniscule, kind of like trying to get into a clown car. The children's meals seemed to be a little expensive for me but when we saw the portions, they were HUGE!!!  I ordered a super Montreal Smoked meat sandwich and my wife ordered the regular order; however, when they came, it seemed like they were the same size. I can assure you there was a difference on my bill. Being on vacation, my children were lured into buying a gumball and won a discount on our bill. When I presented it to the waitress, she advised me that it was only for take out. In the words of Larry, Darryl and Darryl, it was almost like the bakery was advertising that bear claws were on sale but unfortunately, it was a come on. Being in Montreal, my children hadn't seen mile high cheese cakes, so they asked to order one. So, we ordered a strawberry cheesecake that looked really scrumptious. What we got was something completely different than what was in the case. another come on, the cheese cake wasn't even an inch high, with strawberries on top of it. This looked like the leftovers from yesterday's batch of cheesecake put together to serve to some unsuspecting Ontarians. Unfortunately, even though my sandwich wasn't mile high, nor my cheesecake, the sum of my bill was a lot bigger than what i had wanted. Unfortunately, I can't condone this restaurant and I hope that some day, it gets put out of it's misery.
2	I am an ex-Montrealer who lives in Los Angeles now.  I have gone to Chenoys two to three times a year whenever I vist my family in Montreal.This time was a little disppointing.  The smoked meat sandwhich was spectacular!!! Still one of the best in the city.  However, the fries were sub-par. Although the wait staff was attentive and friendly, it took almost 30 minutes for our food to come out of the kitchen.  Half an hour for a smoked meat sandwich.A bigger problem was that the restaurant has become run down and wasn't being cleaned properly.  Faded pictures on the wall as well as scratched and chipped wood on the booths. It just is no longer being maintained as it was in the good old days when the late great Morty Chenoy was running the place.I won't be surprised if they are no longer in business the next time I am in town.
2	The nice thing about this place is that it's open 24 hours.  So when I am visiting and we have a hankering for some poutine or smoked meat and it's 3am, this is where we go.  But to be fair, I've gone here for lunch and dinner and it hasn't been much different.  I feel like the prices are really expensive for what you get.  The smoked meat is ok, but there are definitely better places to get it.  The poutine is so so, but again, at certain times of night, it's not terrible. Because of the 24 hour status, you get some riff raff as well.
2	This place is an institution, if you want smoked meat then I say drive another 2min to Abie's, but you can always count on Chenoy's on being open during the holidays, which is nice. I always end up here on New Year's Day because nothing else is opened. I've had their poutines, smoked meat, stir fried liver and it wasn't that impressive. But I don't think people come here for the food, it's been around since 1936, it's your old school, comfort food diner.
2	When with such importunity the reference of fresh fruits(in the breakfast menu), do bring forth only of well described produce. The cut honeydew and cantaloup melons we're clearly overrippen per the squishy texture and the translucide blemishes around the edges. My wife had the smoked meat plate. The sandwich is flavorful but irrelevant when the cole slaw tasted expired.  Alas, the waitress was quite pleasant and attended well her patrons.
5	For a divey diner this place is great!5 stars is based solely on breakfast and service. The omelettes we ordered were perfectly cooked, the homefries were some of the best roasted potatoes I have had, and the smoked meat...... OH. MY. GOD. words cannot describe how delectable the smoked meat was. For $4.95 you can add a side of smoked meat to your breakfast. The portion is enormous and was enough for two people to split. We ordered it medium fat/lean and it was the perfect proportion of lean to fat- full of flavor but not overpowering and wasteful.Our waitress was as happy as a clam. She was prompt, friendly, and always made sure that our coffee cups weren't empty.The smoked meat they have here to bring home is reasonably priced and phenomenal. This was my first time having Montreal smoked meat- Chenoy's gets an A+.
3	Good bang for your buck! Excellent portions, good taste, the best fries I've had in awhile and great tv screens to watch the game.Service is mediocre for a place that only had two tables but forming real standards pretty good. We switched servers once we sat in a place without the wind blowing on our heads and the waitress was nice and courteous. Definitely try out their special platters advertised in the papers acting as your mat and don't get the half rack of ribs and sandwich because you can get more good and variety by trying the platters at a better price. All in all a good deal And great for groups. Didn't get to try their cheesecake which is also what they are known for. The smoked meat is excellent here and I would say its top 5 in montreal.
4	Especially good for breakfast after a night of drinking... everything is available on the menu - from smoke meet to grilled chicken, hamburgers, and all day breakfasts.   Service is fast and they also have a full bar.   Great that they are open 24/7/365.
