4	I only wish there were more exposure to this wonderful community of galleries/private studios. The Beat coffeehouse has given due recognition to those who regularly frequent the E. Fremont scene, but this place is much more than I initially realized. Such an abundance of great things going on here, especially in the Zine library. And If you do rent a space, there are so many quiet areas outside of the galleries to sit and have meetings. (see photos)Check this place out if you are in the mood for vintage finds, killer art projects, finding a production company, or even to get your hair done!
4	Very cool place and I am enjoying downtown a lot more these days now that there are many eclectic places to go such as Emergency Arts....you can eat, read, listen to poetry or music all in one place.
5	This is such an awesome place. So many nooks and crannies to explore. So many neat things to discover.The fact that this place used to be a hospital is fantastic. And they didn't gut it or anything. I love that the hospital layout is still obvious. But instead of patient rooms (or whatever each little random room might have been), they're now small art galleries. A great place to meander and roam. Note: Not all of the galleries are open at all times - most galleries seem to be open primarily the day only and closed after 5pm.And then there's The Beat, the record shop, etc. This is just a great spot. If you haven't been down here yet, you definitely need to add it to your list of must-dos and make it priority.
5	Quirkly, maze like art building located in the Cortez x Fremont Street area, right beside Vanguard Lounge I believe. I went on a Saturday afternoon when many of the gallieries were closed but i thoroughly enjoyed wandering around aimlessly while sipping on my Beat coffeehouse (located directly downstairs) chai tea peering into the handful of cozy little art galleries and seeing what they had to offer, which is plenty! Samantha G. hit it on the head with her observation of the galleries previously being little patient (or operating?!) rooms.. Aside from the numerous art galleries or artists studios holed up within this interesting use of space, theres also a tattoo studio, a dark room for photographers, little womens vintage boutique, yoga studio, salon, and what i believe was a pasties shop? Haha. Definitely, definitely coming back for more.Free parking @ Cortez's lot behind the casino, good luck First Friday's tho!
4	What a cute little hipster kind of place.  After seeing Misti's review for Emergency Arts, a pal and I went down to check it out.  It happened to be World Aids Day so there were tons of aids related artwork, quilts, and ornaments to look at.  Upstairs they even had a table filled with eats and pitchers of wine to sample.  People there were extremely friendly to a point I couldn't tell if they worked there, were an artist or just really enthusiastic fans of the place.  A young gentleman in the back on the first floor explained to us how it used to be a hospital and showed us the x-ray room.  It is now being re-purposed into a t-shirt shop.  Many of the shops were closed to us at the time so I'd gladly go back to explore some more.  Before we left we were treated to some live music and stopped at The Beat for some pretty awesome coffee.  I'm happy to have a cool place like this in my town.
5	You can't go wrong with $1 beers and awesome Latte's!!!  Good times!!
5	This is by far my favorite place to hang out in Las Vegas, so much that I rented a studio space upstairs so I could be here all the time. Its a magical place full of interesting people. It really has so much to offer, Its a creative mecca, a gathering place, a community, a revival!  Its especially the perfect place to meet and network with other young creative types. The building is an old Medical center so all the old medical rooms are now galleries/boutiques/studios/offices/meeting rooms. My own personal studio is the old Maintenance room, thus we named it "Maintenance studios"  Anyway, I digress.Here's a short list of some of the things EA offers there is probably much more... *The  Beat Cafe, where you can grab a healthy breakfast/lunch/dinner/snack/smoothie coffee or beer (booze after 7pm). *Listen to great music on the record player.*Get your bike fixed at the Bike Co-OP*Do some yoga--second floor yoga studio.*Read a zine from the zine library-- Main floor, common area. *Get a haircut in the second floor salon. *check out the live music/poetry/comedy/open mic stuff that happens at night at the beat. *join the ukulele club (ukuladieslv.blogspot.com)*Check out the burlesque hall of fame on weekends, get some cool burlesque swag from days of yore.*study/work/have a meeting in the usr  library (second Floor)*walk around and see what kinds of new art is up on display in the dozens of galleries throughout the building.*Get your own studio space to show your work/do your work/sell your work!!!It's really a must see place for visitors and for young artsy locals this should be one of your regular haunts.  I LOVE EA!!!!
5	While I've only been here for First Fridays, there's something special about Emergency Arts that draws me back time and time again. There's energy and imagination and inspiration in abundance to be absorbed and admired and just taken in and you wind up walking out with all these creative ideas in your head. It's wonderful!I've never met an art snob here, but I have met some very talented artists, and a great photographer or two that have been downright inspirational to me. The best thing I can write as far as a Yelp review goes is this is one place that you really just have to step foot inside of it to understand. Once inside go exploring. Look around, see what's down the hallway or up those stairs. And the Zine library is another part of EA that stopped me in my tracks...lots of good info there. Parking: Fremont St. parking is not good. I park at the El Cortez parking garages and just walk over. That being said I give Emergency Arts 5 Stars and a place on my Best of Las Vegas list! You won't regret taking the time to check it out!
5	Whoa!  Who knew that they had a cool creative spot in Vegas?  There are various rooms/galleries with cool art and it was fun exploring the place.  It looks like there are some office space that are rented out by various artists.  I would've expected to see a place like this in the Arts District of DTLA, not in Downtown Vegas. There is even a coffee shop on the first floor, so you can chill out with a beverage.  A true gem of Vegas.
5	Art in a building that used to be a hospital? What an interesting concept! I first visited here a year ago on Halloween weekend and my friends and we had the chills when we were told this used to be the Fremont Medical Center.  Anyways, there are various galleries inside the former patient rooms. Some housed displays, while other rooms had the walls covered in art. There's also The Beat Coffee house and a record store within Emergency Arts. Both places are great to hang out and explore.
1	My girl and i went in to grab some food one night and sat at the bar. The bartender came over and asked us what we wanted and we asked for menus....she told us we had to get up and look at the chalkboard to see what we wanted to eat.....uggh, no thank you. The bar/lounge area seemed cluttered, like a first grade classroom with random crap laying everywhere and crappy drawings hung up on the walls. I normally like art, but this place was a little too far on the dirty hippie side of things than i would like. I hear the coffee is good but have yet to have anything good there.
2	meh, this hipster spot is so cool that they don't even have to print a menu.  We were told to make our selection from the options written across the wall to the right of the empty bar.  All we wanted was to relax and have a beer and a sandwich.   Too lazy to stand up and ponder our choices, we went ahead and strolled elsewhere.Please people, just print a menu, it's not that difficult.
5	Love it
4	Emergency Arts is a stunning array of indie galleries, shops, pop-ups, tech and coffee. Every day there seems to be something new about the place.Once you exit The Beat, you'll encounter vibrant artwork and artists in their element. I also like that there are little resting areas (tables/couches) that one can sit back and relax or even work at.They often host events here, such as the weekly "Jelly"s, which are tech meetups. This is definitely a nice spot when you want to discover the other side of Vegas.
5	This place is so cool It is actually a museum / gallery / cafe,some many artist have there Items on display with Info.some have jar of candy, pens,website info. stickers,if you are Lucky some of the artist may be there working on some projects,I met two who was really awesome and friendly,there is so much craft,and fine art Items that it is a must see in DTLV.There is a 2nd floor loaded with art too,on the 1st. floor is the coffee and sandwich shop with table& chairs,free WiFi, and last everything is free.....not your food,I'm going to vist often when I am out this way to see what is new here.
