5	This is my favorite cover-less bar in Las Vegas. It can get pretty crowded on the weekends and the music is always good. Also, the servers are cool and will look out for you every time. When you don't feel like getting in line... head on over..
3	It's really small. Other than that it's okay. A little stiff at times. Good drinks.
5	small? yes. worth going to? hail yes. this is the only cool bar i went to in Vegas. plus, my local friend comes there all the time for drinks and good music. so i trust her taste. the music is always good (top 40- hiphop/reggae/reggaeton/etc), they're playing a movie on their screens, comfy areas to sit and mingle with friends or strangers. not much dancing room, but it's more like a lounge/bar. oh yeah... no COVER! i love it.
4	I discovered the Mist Bar and Lounge by accident while strolling around TI late one Saturday night.  They had music pumping and a crowd inside (without a line outside)! Wearing flip flops and my companion in sneaks, we were allowed in!  And no cover charge either!  Now, that's my kind of place!  Where can you ever find a bar/lounge w/ music in a nice hotel and on the strip?  There are various characters inside, but it's all good if you're there to just dance a bit and people watch.Per their website, this is what they have to say about it."Mist Bar and Lounge is a relaxing and inviting nightspot. With the charm and comfort of a neighborhood bar, and the classic elegance of old school Las Vegas, Mist provides a unique experience to our city's lounge scene.This hip bar and lounge aims to attract a lively mix of cool guests seeking a stylish yet casual setting. A tasteful blend of rock music and popular hits will fill the room, giving off a fresh energetic vibe. If drinking, conversation and people watching are what you are looking for, than Mist is the perfect destination. HOURSDaily 5 p.m. - 4 a.m.DRESS CODEEnforced after 10:30 p.m. Fashionable attire is required. No sports jerseys, tank tops on men, or athletic wear of any kind will be permitted. The dress code is at management discretion."Again, the management discretion was to my advantage and it was pretty late anyway.  But then again, you'll find me dancing the night away the next time I'm hanging out at TI.
4	Wow I didn't realize I haven't yelped Mist. There are two Mist entries....but Teri's the Homegirl. So I gotta join her on this. Mist is settled in the confines of TI...Formally Treasure Island. It's not a very big place. It's about the same size as Caramel Lounge. It's operated by the Light Group. The ambiance is dark and intimate, with seats surrounding the walls and white flowing curtains covering the window. It's a great chill atmosphere. Although the music can be a little loud with resident djs spinnin...The atmosphere is friendly as well as the staff. There's not usually huge lines waiting to get in, so it's not overwhelming superstar Vegas scenesters trying to make an impression. I went there for open bar and to meet up with one of the managers. One of the coolest guys I know, Ramon! We had a couple accoustic bands come in and play. It was pretty awesome. Bartender...HAWTTTT but a newbie. Haha it's ok I was gentle....RAWWWRRR. So yea came there with the intention to just network and chill. Ran into my old roommate who's now in a band called Forget McCarran. Yea...he was into anime and video games when I met him. After I left him he was a rock star...Hahaha can't I even get a shout out on the album for being such a positive influence? Ok so slightly bitter....given I helped bail him out of jail for no insurance....and brought him and his dad back together.....Ok...Breathe Myke...Breathe......Anyway so there's this guy. Cool guy I met there....Cool Sammie Hagar lookalike. But he made out with 2 girls.....that were not....ahem pleasing to the palatte....Yes....I did throw up in my mouth. Drunk girls make me laugh. Especially when they're not so....OK they were fugly and it was funny! But whatever - he liked big blondes...and obviously it showed. The other one was kinda the frumpy librarian... or even better...the frumpy friend....He made out with her too? WTF kinda.....IN PUBLIC?? EW - If you're gonna do that - hide her in the bathroom or a dark corner where no one can see! BRING PAINT - or a BLACK CURTAIN. No one will see you and your ninja skills so you don't walk out of there thinkin "I put my mouth on THAT?"So yea Mist is a cool place. Believe me it's not Tao dcor. It's got a good bar selection. Great staff. Good music. Very chill place. No cover - easy access....Trying to get that picture of that dude and the two girls out of my head...Arrgghh it burns!
3	Very generic hotel lounge with very loud music.  We hardly spent time here, we would just stop in for a drink periodically and then head out.
4	I went here alone one night because I wasn't exactly with a party-friendly crowd on vacation (my mom) and this place seemed small enough that I could manage it on my own.  Plus, I was staying at T.I.  No cover + average drink prices for Vegas + no line + cute boys = fun.  I had a great time, and met some cool people who weren't obnoxious club goers and just liked to have a good time.  Lots of tables, places to sit and good variety of music-not typical crappy club/lounge stuff.
2	Only good on Mondays after 10 when they're having the Gutiar Hero event.  Which is quite fun.All other times avoid like the plague.  It is nice and shiny, and small enough that it's never crowded so much that there's a line, but still sort of sucks the big one.  The bouncer can be very arbitrary with what constitutes proper attire, even when the bar is...empty?
5	One of the employees was sitting on a stool and when I came up to the bar, he offered up his chair for me.  How sweet of him.  Also, good music/DJ.   $10.00 for my Sex on the Beach.
1	If you're in the market for an aloof, skanky, bitch bartender then you're in luck!!!And if you happen to be in the market for a hooker-- double bonus!!!!
1	We only wound up here because two of our boys were wearing sneakers and couldn't get into Tangerine (this was last summer).  There is no cover, they don't care what you are wearing and the music is gangsta.There were tables for bottle service (not sure why anyone would even want bottle service here) but it was so late a bunch of tables were free for us to take over.  The crowd was not the best.  I felt like I was at a party in East LA, talk about hood!
3	Great bar, no cover, which makes it even more great. The bartenders poured some mean drinks, the DJ was spinning the gratuitous 80s tunes, some we love some I would be hard pressed to find people who loved them. When we arrived they were playing Reservoir Dogs on their flat screen TVs which sort of made my stomach turn. Great movie, however I wouldn't recommend watching it after you've eaten a plate full of buffalo wings and have a stomach full of vodka (I think I just threw up in my mouth a little bit just typing that). The prices were a little steep, but what isn't in Vegas? They have comfortable couches, and high top stools, as well as plenty of seating at the bar. If you are a hotel guest of Treasure Island this is a great bar to sit back and relax at.
1	I was not at all impressed with this Bar and Lounge. First off, it's one of the smallest Lounge I have ever been too! Especially in Vegas! I have been to bigger and better lounges such as V Bar or Blush.The only good thing about this place is the fact there is no cover and no lines. But again, I think there are other lounges that also don't have a cover and are bigger and better. The music was ok. They played a lot of oldies in my opinion. The place wasn't even that packed considering it's such a tiny room. Alcohol was average price - $8-$12 a pop. Eh it was just a small place to chill at. I wouldn't necessarily go here again. Nothing about it was special and it was just blah to me.
3	I wanted to do something chill after driving all day long from california. These guys pass out these buy one get one free drink passes. They have these big comfy couches and play rock music. The place was empty around 10pm thurs night.T I got to talking with our waitress about the next night and whats there to do. Pretty chill staff. This is the only place I know that is also a hookah joint. 55 bucks gets your first flavor. I don't smoke but its cool to know that's available. I think this a good spot to chill before heading out to something bigger.
3	when you love to just chill and relax, ,,, this is a good place. thing is, not my type of music. *yawn. will be back to edit...----------------------3 hours before work. some addiction----------------------okay, so to start the feel of lounge hunting, day 1, this ones the most accessible. It was supposed to be fun i dont know something's so bothering. I liked the place because it gives me a chance to sit down and juz relax, but again, why play down music? when we passed this place they were playing a more upbeat sound, but still not my kind. It was okay though. For some drinks and a group of 4 its $51 plus tip. not bad.If im staying @ TI and wanted to be in a satisfying lounge, i wont mind getting a cab or walking to other hotels for better feel.
3	This place was pretty nice. I went here twice on my famous trip to Las Vegas.  I like T.I. overall and it was cool to just chill here before going out to other spots.  They played Sin City on the Flat screen tvs there. Also met some cool people from Spain the second time I was there. Man they were even more drunk than my crew there. Got some nice two for one Vodka Tonics. I got pretty blasted after 5 or so. The bartender was really hot. She has some really big boobs that's about all I remember.
3	Guy at the front gave out tickets for 2-for1 drinks, so we had to go in. It's really just a big room decorated in space-age white formica. The waitress was friendly, but the drinks were high in aqua content. We were the only customers in there for a while, and then by the time another party came in, we paid the bill ($20 for 4 cocktails on the special) and moved on. Decidedly forgettable.
3	+no cover, just a quick id check+buy one, get one free drink coupons ppl stand outside passing them out (well, they say "FREE DRINK" but on the back in tiny print is buy one, get one free, just fyi)+the blackjack machines at the bar... easily double your money!+good vodka redbulls and vodka tonics-the treasure island crowd-the small lounge... one drunken misstep and youre back in the casino-trying to get the bartenders attention, wtf-the music... where is my britney, justin and fergie?!-sin city playing on mute in the background
2	This is a decent pre-gaming spot if you're staying at TI, but I wouldn't recommend going here if you weren't staying in the hotel.  It's a little on the small side but the music and atmosphere make up for it.I would suggest making this a meet-up spot since its rarely ever crowded.  Keep an eye out for people passing out free drink tickets.  You can't beat 2 for 1.Only if necessary...
1	Closed down. Take this shit off.
