5	Super fast! I came at 3:35pm on a Tuesday and was done in 15 minutes. Have your payment in hand because it really is that fast. Receipt is your certificate of testing. You can pay your registration online after that. If you prefer, you can take the certificate  to the AAA office and get the registration and sticker right away for a $7 fee. I'm happy that I don't have to think about it any more! :)
5	The last time I went though $30 that fast I was sitting at a Black Jack table in Las Vegas, split a pair of aces against a dealer's five, and still managed to lose the hand.  The website showed that the waiting time for an emissions test at this location at 1pm on a Tuesday would be four minutes.  I honestly don't think it that long.I pulled up to the gate, pressed the button for a ticket, and drove straight into the garage.  The guy stuck some sort of an outlet under the dash of my car, looked at the gas tank, charged me $27.75, gave me a certificate stating that my car passed, and sent me on my way.  The second they give you that certificate you can go to servicearizona.com and finish your license plate renewal.While I think it's ludicrous that a five year old car needs an emissions check (which is not what this review is about), at least it was as painless of a process as possible.
4	Came here the Friday before Labor Day weekend at 3pm.  The wait time was about 25 minutes.  I had candy crush to keep me busy while waiting in line.  When it was my turn, it was pretty quick.  The guys are very friendly and nice.  You can either wait in one of their booths or sit in the passenger seat while they run the test.  It's just annoying to know you have to pay $27 for some 2 second check they do on your gas tank.
4	Quick and efficient.  This location only took a few minutes for us to get all the way through the process.  As newbies to the state, we weren't aware of the process, but everyone was very friendly and explained what they were doing for each portion.  I think we were there for all of ten minutes total.Although we are not used to emissions test, this location made it painless and quick.  When we need to do it again, we'll be stopping back here.Overall: A
2	The wait wasn't bad and the workers were friendly. Huge shocker of the day was that this was the first time I have had to do emissions testing on my vehicle. Right on cue my gas cap failed the test and they got to bleed me for another $13. Meanwhile my yearly registration is nearly $300 and the motorhome built in 1976 in front of me in line passed. I'm happy I have a job and continue to pay taxes.
4	A necessary evil that we all have to go to eventually, the most you can ask for is a shorter line and get in and out quickly.  Well I had never noticed this location before, as it's hidden off the street.  Watch carefully for the blue emissions testing sign, I drove right by it the first time.I found this particular location to be faster than most, and with friendly employees.  They were helpful and courteous, and I was in and out promptly.
1	Hello, I pulled into this ADEQ on Deer Valley  on 3/6/14 and was not very happy with their service.  The inspector was #M15 3 - 5525 he asked me to step out of the vehicle or jump over to the passenger side.  Which I felt was very odd of him - then he asked me to step out of the car and walk over to the booth with a sliding glass door.  When he jumped into my car he did not tell me to leave the keys so he came in the booth to ask me for it.  Then he yelled out the amount that I would need to pay, for the emission.  I looked in my purse and realized that I had left my id and my credit cards in my other purse.  I had already written the check and then he said did I have a credit card I told him no that I had left my credit card in the same purse.  I proceeded to walk to my car as he clicked on the system that I had no means to pay the emission so the emissions was rejected.  Then as I was leaving he shouted come back when you have money.  I thought that was really not necessary for him to tell me since it was already established when the emission was refused. He seemed very unconcerned and detached from the realty of life's circumstances.  I forgot my wallet not that I don't have money!
4	This station had fast and friendly service.  I was there on a weekday at about 10am and my wait time was about 10 minutes.
5	I've been to other locations to get my car emissions done and it's always been extremely long waits of 30 minutes to an hour.  But I've been to this location two different times and no matter how long the line is, it's always pretty speedy.They take credit cards, debit cards, Arizona checks, and I believe cash too.  Which again I've been to other locations that wouldn't take anything except a check for the exact amount.  I barely know anyone that uses checks anymore! Thank goodness for a location that has moved forward with the times.Staff is friendly, some are cute too! :)  I'd recommend this location to anyone need a quick and hassle free emissions.
5	Fast and friendly. Pleasant experience. Will use again when the time comes. 'Nuff said. :)
5	Fast and friendly. Pleasant experience. Will use again when the time comes. 'Nuff said. :)
