5	This Starbucks is right off the freeway and has a drive-thru..great combo. The service is fast and friendly.
4	This is my favorite Starbucks near me mainly because of the drive thru. It is soooo convenient when you can roll out of bed and just drive in your PJs to get your daily caffeine fix. I've never encountered a really long wait at the drive thru so the workers there are pretty efficient. They're also really nice and will make small talk with you if it's taking a little longer than usual to get your drink. The only downside to the drive thru is that their entire menu isn't presented to you. It's just a few things listed on there. So you kind of have to know your drink or what you want to get if it's not listed on the menu in the drive thru.
1	Every time I go here, it seems like the staff has nothing better to be than berate their customers for not "ordering to their standards". One instance I ordered a grande iced coffee, sweetened and the woman when I got to the window tried to hand me a hot coffee. Clearly she doesn't know it's 105 degrees out and I've been coming here with the same order for oh I don't know three years. Used to tip, but forget that if I can't even get a correct order. Weekend staff is a breath of fresh air, but forget coming in the mornings... they really don't like their jobs!
4	GADZOOKS!!!  When did Starbucks come out with this larger than life cup?  And why hasn't anyone told me about it?  Great location for on and off the freeway, but then the drive-thru, which I did not use, was located right next to the patio, or the patio was located next to the drive-thru?  Whichever!  Anyway, it was not so pleasant sitting on the patio enjoying my "GINORMOUS" unsweetened passion iced tea with my friend.  Loved the tea, oh so refreshing, and loved the size!!!
4	Hate coffee. But love this environment.   Best public wifi I've experienced. Staff are friendly.  They even had a 3 star meal for this picky eater. Thorough enjoyed the comfort of my study session here.
5	I LOVE LOVE  this Starbucks.... I have tried a lot of other locations and this location makes my drink BEST 100% of the time.  Also they are really friendly and will chat with you while you are waiting..   : D
4	Zippy service, no issues with drinks being messed up.  Though lines can get long, they always try to be efficient.
5	My HOME Starbucks and for good reason. They are great! Friendly staff and ALWAYS fast efficient service. THANKS YOU GUYS!
4	Good Starbucks - speedy inside service but the drive thru can get bogged down a bit in the mornings, good coffee, friendly staff, one of my favorite Starbucks !
2	I have never been to a drive through Bucks before, strange to have the person behind the counter taking orders in a sing-songy voice as well as making the drinks for others.   One of the worst filled coffee making stands of any store: only had half-and-half, sugars not filled up well, had to request skim milk from behind the counter.   They had no stir sticks and when asked they "don't have those" and gave me a straw instead.  Really???
5	What do I have to say about Starbucks? You know who they are, you know what they serve and you can basically expect the same great service throughout the valley. It's Starbucks.
4	Its star bucks baby!
3	It's Starbuck's.  You know what to expect here.  Better-than-average coffee at higher-than-average prices.  I recently reviewed another shop (The Grove) which is much better, and a bit less expensive.  The pastries at Starbuck's are better than the Grove, though (I didn't have one here this visit).The location of this one is inconvenient because there is a median in the road.  You can only turn into it going north on Greenfield, and that's the only way you can exit.  Unless you wind your way south through two parking lots to get to a light where there's a break in the median.  Annoying.So you know what you get here, and if you're going north on Greenfield it's an OK place to stop if that's what you want.
3	Coffee was the same as always.  The music was way too loud to really visit and or relax.  I did ask them to urn it down and they finally did, about 10 minutes before we left.  The staff was ok, the one in Scottsdale actually has friendlier people.
4	I'm a self proclaimed coffee addict always looking for a shot of wake me up to go, but today we made an exception and copped a squat enjoying our caffeine goodness on the veranda. I'm a gold card toting, star collecting,  coupon using, gift card & shopkick freebie loving coffee drinker! I usually race through the drive thru, but this location is spacious with plenty of room for sitting  inside & outside. The baristas are always friendly & make an amazing cup of whatever craving I order, usually pumpkin spice " I'll cry when fall is over'  lattes! I know they're a chain but they do well at feeding my addiction with great service, stars, coupons, shop kick freebies and omg pumpkin goodness!
1	I had an early morning shift at work, and I thought in my head that I would need some Starbucks. So I looked online for a Starbucks that was open and it said that this one opened at 430. Let's just say, it doesn't open at 430 and the STARBUCKS APP gave me false information. Seriously? Get your things together and don't false advertise. I was quite pissed off about this. Thanks for nothing Starbucks.
2	I just ordered a cool lime refresher here and it came back filled with ice and barely ANY liquid. I asked the barista to please re-make the drink, and after giving me a dirty look, she did. After I got the 2nd drink, I was still unsatisfied due to the fact there were remnants of black and brown speckles in the drink. After giving me a look even worse than the one prior, she made the drink again, yet tried to tell me "that is how the drink is supposed to look." The last time I checked lime refreshers do not have black and brown particles in them.
2	Every single time I go thru this drive thru it takes 5-10 minutes. Apparently I like punishment because I was there yesterday and not only did it take 10 minutes to go thru the drive thru but the Barista made me repeat my order three times at the Intercom. Then I pull up to the window and she screws up my coffee not ONCE but TWICE! I pay well over $5 for my coffee. I expect it made the way I like and I expect it in a timely manner. Katie not only eff'ed my coffee in the A but she rolled her eyes at me while she was pounding it out and didn't even apologize. Screw Katie the Barista!
4	I have been to this location a handful of times now, and I have found the baristas to be very friendly and engaging.  In addition, my drive thru wait time has never exceeded 5 minutes...and that includes the times when the line was pouring out into the parking lot.  The coffee?  It is what it is...Starbucks is convenient and consistent.  I have had better...I have had worse.
2	The coffee is good stuff, if overpriced. I guess we have come to expect that, but the bathroomss in this place are horrendous. You can get some type of disease  unheard of before in the men's bathroom. Very disappointing. They can do much better.
