5	It's a cool little new spot that is part bar, restaurant, coffee, that is open 24 hours! So basically almost everything you need anytime of day. There is a bar and tables with very comfortable seating, think plush. The music is both jukebox or radio top 40. They plan on installing more TVs soon and in the end it would be a total of 6, making it a pretty awesome sports bar. I think they are going to make a killing once the LV convention center attendees catch wind of this place. For sure it beats the food court! (Correction, I wasn't driving so I thought we were closer to the Convention Center. It's a bit of a walk but I think  worth it) Food wise, they have salads, pizzas, and some appetizers. We came from dinner so I didn't eat anything. They have a Lobster Pizza that's supposed to be their specialty... next time.
5	so far so good! great looking place, nice bar, and the the pizza i had was awesome!i will definitely be back, especially since it is only a few blocks away.
4	OK So we went to have dinner tonight and on the way home stopped at the new Midtown bar and grill about 2 blocks down the road. anyone that knows me knows I am going to call it as I see it.. The positives were, everyone was friendly, the staff bent over backward to make you feel at home and as a local and future customer of this bar it is a extreme plus to feel at home. The decor was also lovely very classy and sleek environment and the coffee bar was a amazing touch. Who ever had the vision for this place was spot on the atmosphere was a joy.. Of course the plus for me was that there was no gaming in this bar but of course I heard tonight that might be short lived. It was just so refreshing to go into a bar and not have a slot machine in front of your mug.. Now for the negative.. Well it was Friday night and there were people running around the small bar training and owners slash partners drinking in their own establishment 2 very big turn offs.. To many Chiefs and to many Indians equal Chaos!!! and there was plenty of Chaos!! Friday night is just not a night for training! However it is a night you put front your top notch employees and make a name for Midtown... Other than that it was a wonderful experience and we plan on going back to try the food and pop in as locals do from time to time.
5	Stopped for a quick lunch after flying into L V and used yelp for restaurant suggestions.  Found Midway easily  & the decor is wam & welcoming. But the staff & owner were even more wonderful, very attentive & appreciated our patronage . The sandwiches, pizza, specials were great. And we enjoyed "trying out" the pastrieswhich were light & tasty. Really enjoyed the meal & you will too!  Cozier than most places in in Las Vegas!  Give it a try.
3	I wish I could give this business a higher rating...I really do. These are good people who are trying to create a cool bar with great food. I want them to succeed. I really do.But there are problems. I ordered a pizza. It was okay. It should have been as good as Settebello or Ferraros for the price, but it wasn't. The crust was waaay too thick. The toppings were good, and fresh, and it was edible. But it should have been GREAT dammit. And it was just okay.The other problem is that the food menu is quite limited. All the pizzas are specifically-designed, although the charming woman behind the bar said one could modify them if so desired, even though it wasn't clear that was an option on the menu.For example, they have wagyu sliders (good) but no half-pound pub burger. No fries. Hello? Go to Dispensary. Go to Badger (Rumrunner). Go to any number of neighborhood bars, who have artery-clogging, delicious bar food. Go to Fat Choy, which is in a dingy, smoke-filled, casino of the living dead, but has duck bao, potstickers, and a monster fat choy burger!Even Naked City Pizza, which is in one of the diviest of dive bars of Vegas, is constantly creating inventive dishes like the Turducken Burger.In a crowded, competitive marketplace, a business has to find a way to stand out.Midtown COULD be the coolest hang in the area. But they have more work to do.I'm told their official opening is not until Feb. 1. Between now and then, I hope they have some brainstorming sessions centered around the question: How can we be great and different, and stand out from the crowd.I wish them well. But for my neighborhood pizza outing, I'll be going just down the road to Sicili's on Twain. Tastier and cheaper.
5	Awesome pizza, great drinks, fun bartenders!
5	The moon hit my eye like a big pizza pie and it was amore after visiting this place.A hidden gem by Boulevard Mall- this is the spot for pizza. Carne Asada or Margherita Pizza are served piping hot with a side of awesome bartender. Forget Metro Pizza, Midtown is much more chic and a place for adults to dine without the hustle bustle of families with children. On Wednesdays they have half off bottles of wine! Stay tuned for future check-ins because this is my new spot for a pizza pie.
4	We held our bi-monthly Yelp Book Club meeting at Midtown last night and I was quite impressed.  It's a small place.  It's very nicely designed and very classy looking.  The bar runs along the west side of the room and on the east side, there's a run of booth seats.  There are tables by the booth seats and there are very comfortable stools to sit at the tables.I had eaten at home and all I wanted was a diet Coke.  The barkeep last night was a very delightful young woman with a tremendous smile and a very welcoming demeanor.  She got my Coke and then some of the members of the group started to arrive.While I was there, one of the partners in this new business came by and introduced himself and the executive chef stopped by to talk about the menu.  Everyone was very polite, friendly, and accommodating.  It was a pleasant place for us to discuss our book and for those that had food, they enjoyed what they had.  I have uploaded a photo of some meatballs one of the members ordered.  They have a meatball sandwich, but all she wanted was a few meatballs--no bread, no cheese, just the meatballs.  The plate shows how well they complied with her special request.I'll be back.  I have to try their lobster pizza.  I was disappointed no one wanted to order one to share last night.
1	If you want to be ignored by bartenders who think they are way too hot for this place i.e. doing their makeup in the mirror, than this place is for you.... Over priced drinks with exact jiggers??????? Boooooo midtown
4	Came for lunch on a Monday & had the Thai Chicken pizza.  Very tasty!  Appreciated the julienne vegetables & chicken and wasn't too spicy.  Crust could have been a little crisper; will ask them to leave in oven a few extra minutes next time.  They get a gold star for having Coke products and I got a lemon in my diet Coke without asking.  Bartender was polite and efficient.  I did get there a little early (11:30 am) and their meatballs weren't quite ready and I may have those next time. Overall great experience.  Parking appeared to be limited; I counted about 11 - 12 spots and don't know how it would work if they were busy as there's no street parking on Desert Inn here.  I'll be back!
1	I guess s
5	This place is not closed. It is open.
2	Dude, came here on Saturday night at 11:30 and it was closed, WTF?  I give 2 stars because a closed bar can't defend itself and who knows, it could have been awesome?
5	This place rocks!! The minute I walked in the door to pickup my pizza, which was awesome btw, I was greeted at the door by the owner Kevin. You would have thought I was one of his long time regular customers. I was a little early and my pizza wasn't quite ready so I ordered a drink at the bar. Immediately I felt like I was back home in my regular watering hole, everyone was friendly and were glad I was there. I ended up eating my pizza there which I will have say was excellent, cooked to perfection you would have thought I was in NYC having a pizza in the Broncz. I ended up staying 3 hours and had one the best times I have ever had in Vegas. This place is a must for your place to visit while in town or if you live here you need to check it out before the line is so long you will have to wait an hour or more to be seated. I will defiantly be putting this place on my short list of places that are a must visit every time I am in town. Great job Kevin and staff keep up the great work.
5	I love this bar and what it's trying to become! The owner and tenders are all extremely friendly and seem genuinely happy to see you. The drinks have great prices and the atmosphere is perfect. I know business may be a bit slow for them, but my roomies and I try to pop in at least once a week. Help give these guys a shot!!!Oh and wine Wednesday? Give that a shot! Also be sure to check out happy hour Monday- Thursday 4-7. 5 dollar specialty drinks :D
1	I've tried to get pizza here 3 times in the past month before 9pm and there cook is not there. Good place for drinks but terrible for a hungry person.
5	Update: they seem to always have pizza now and we have always loved the atmosphere and the owner.Pizza is really good when you can actually get it but they still only have limited toppings. Took 3 attempts to actually try their pizza because their cook is never there. Call before going there for food
5	Great people, great ambiance and even better food. I love how I can pick the music that plays. Makes it like my own bar, feels good here. Check this new place out, it's worth it!
5	The pizza these guys make is fantastic. The staff was friendly and the atmosphere nice a chill. These guys are vegan friendly which is a plus.
5	i absolutely love this place! my fav hangout place in vegas..good people, great staff, and excellent food..pizza, salads, and wings..all amazing! classy little place to come chill :-D
1	Lobter pizza is a joke. Hope the owner knows that his pizza maker doesn't care about his business at all. My pizza had like 5 tiny pieces of lobster. 1 on each slice.
5	I don't know how anyone could give this place a bad review... Just Cause your life sucks doesn't mean you need to try and deface a wonderful business!I had called Kevin the GM and told him I needed to throw a party for my customers and co-workers, and boy I was impressed.Food epic, staff epic, event epic..People are still talking about the friendliness of the staff and the intimacy if the event.I would recommend Midtown to all Vegas locals and travelers alike.Thank you midtown ...Kevin and Lindsay are the bomb!!
1	First time ordering, and I unfortunately had a bad experience. The person on the phone told me it would be about an hour for delivery because they were backed up. I have worked at a restaurant so I understand this.  After about an hour and 15 mins I patiently called to see how much longer the wait would be. The gentleman on the phone apologized and told me the order in front of us had given the wrong address, so she was delayed an additional 15 mins or so. He apologized which. Was nice, but the situation should of been nullified with more than just an apology. Another 10 mins went by and I received a call from the driver asking our location, in which she was very short and unprofessional. Another 15 mins and she finally showed up. When we playfully said to her, "did you forget about us?" She responded wiith, "no. Just stupid people in front of you." After paying her, and still tipping her an adequate 20%, I asked if my side of ranch was in the box. It wasn't. There was never an apology or so much as some way to make it up to us, like half off your next pizza. In addition, our pizza was definitely not hot by this time. Customer service could really be fine tuned. Not to mention if it takes such a long time for deliveries, they might want to consider additional delivery driver to a) nullify situations like this, and b) ease up longer delivery wait times during rush hours.
4	Great food. Great Service. Good prices.
5	This place is great. Ordered delivery from them and it was fast, and the pizza was still hot and gooey cheese. The delivery guy, kirk I think, was very professional and was a speedy driver. He called when he was here, cause he delivered to the ballys hotel. Super nice guy, and it shoes what kind of establishment they have based on the people that midtown hires. 5 stars for yummy food and great service.
5	Great place, great food and great bartender. Close to the strip with parking. Try it you won't be dissapointed.
5	I had a groupon for a large pizza, salad and 2 drinks, all for $25! I came here on a Thursday night and was surprised to see nobody else in the bar, which was kind of a bummer. Not a single other customer (until the end of my meal when an older couple walked in), despite all the awesome reviews! But the pizza and salad were SOOOO good! Barbecue chicken pizza and Caesar salad... YUM! Good food, good service, good prices, cute bartender! Good job Midtown!
5	Love this spot for delivery! They'll make any type of pizza you want...including this lobster Thermidor pizza amped up with carne asada, jalepenos, cilantro, and avocado. I like to call it the Kat Daddy...;) Pizza arrives hot and service is excellent.
5	I ordered midtown pizza thru a third party app. Eat 24. Not sure what went wrong, but something did. I called midtown and spoke with the manager and he was so nice and apologetic and what was really nice was, he just really wanted to make me happy. So the pizza finally comes, the delivery guy was nice and apologetic (I was totally nice to all parties involved, I swear) .  I was sooooooo excited to finally eat the pizza ,that I never tried before, and IT WAS DELICIOUS. The sauce is my very favorite kind, super tomato-y.  Worth the wait! THIS IS MY NEW PIZZA PLACE FO LIFE. OMG, I said fo. Thank you again, manager guy (sorry, I never got your name. :D )
2	eh.. after 2 experiences.. I am not impressed. I wanted to be impressed.. I gave it ALL a second chance, because - "things happen," and your first experience at a similar-style establishment cannot live up to the best you may have had -  ...  but no...It wasn't good. First time, my meal included the tip of a sharply cut plastic squeeze bottle that I bit down on while chewing, (not un-painful,) and the second time - the order was not right, and when I called to fix it - we were asked to pay for the mistake they sent us, and we were also asked to pay for the actual dish we had ordered (that was the wrong order when it arrived 58 minutes later)  It's just not quality service.. when the wrong order came.. the delivery guy  said " we gave you a larger pizza because the order took so long.. then the order arrived, and it wasn't what we ordered. SO fail on most levels. I'm sorry to sound mean about it.. but spending money on sub par is not what we should have to be doing. Happy Eating To You!
5	I just ordered again using the Eat24 app, but this time I called right after to make sure it went through, and it did.My order came so fast, and was hot and DELICIOUS.
4	I love this place. Can't get enough.!!! When you walk in interior is super chic and inviting. The staff greets you and you feel like you definitely made the right choice by stopping by instead of just driving by because of the exterior looks/location. With that said, staff seems a little disorganized at times. They are not always on the same page. Being a big foddie, this place does not disappoint in that area. Never had anything I didn't like. Even though owner seems to be focusing on  more of a restaurant menu rather than bar menu, I feel there should be some kind of bar menu or at least an appetizer menu. Other than that I would highly recommend a visit.!!!
5	My new favorite place!  I visit LV every week for work and have my normal haunts. But this place just jumped to the top of the list.  Ronan was a great friendly and cute bartender.  Happy hour prices were great and I can t wait for them to get the gaming in house.  You MUST come VISIT and STAY!
2	What a let down. Bought the groupon after reading reviews and looking at the website. The bar itself was clean and looked nicer than what belongs in the neighborhood. We were greeted by the bartender whom we ended up feeling very sorry for by the end of our experience. Not only was she the only bartender but was the cook as well. We were soon informed that the website wasn't correct because the owner hasn't updated it. Also, many of the items on the menu weren't available because the owner hasn't been around as he just had a baby. We ordered a pizza and wings to go and a couple of bloody Mary's while we waited. The drinks were good but the bartender was working hard because of other patrons and our food order. I overheard the bartender let other patrons know that she was out of their preferred alcohol. Now the food: the "pizza" was a small flat bread that got cold really fast and was served in a box usually reserved for an extra large pizza. The food is mediocre at best and there are much cooler bars to hang at downtown. Sorry, I just can't recommend to anyone. The bartender was nice though, she just didn't have the tools to do her job.
4	So this spot is under new management!  I didn't expect it to be so nice inside!  Our favorite bartender, moved over to this spot!  From google map, it looks like it's a hole in the wall!  But it's super nice inside!  As of when we were there, they didn't have our favorite beer as of yet!  (what beer is it?) lol Devestator!  We don't know of too many places that have this beer on tap, so where looking forward to another spot to hang out at!   There still working out some kinks, but I see this being a cool spot!   PS!  I think there's a yelp check in offer!
