5	I love this place. The food is fantastic, authentic, and reasonably priced. The owner Bo and his partner are great guys and extremely accommodating.I was holding a sales dinner meeting for a group of doctors in Vegas and when then people at the other venue cancelled on me the day before Bo and his staff worked hard and fit us in last minute. Saved my butt and I can't thank them enough. This will be my new favorite hang when I'm in town. Oh and the meatballs are ridiculously good.
4	Came to this location in January of this year.  That time it was Lucio, which was very good.  This time around, it's under new ownership.  Will be it be the same?  Let's find out.  What was ordered:Calamari avellino - It was meh, should have ordered it with the spicey tomato sauce not the white wine sauce.  The calamari was a bit tough.Funghi Selvatici Risotto -  Although the risotto was a bit too tight, but it was creamy, had a good mushroom flavor, and the rice grains had a slight bite to them.Pollo Marsala with a side of spaghetti pomodoro - The Marasala sauce was a bit too sweet.  The pomodoro sauce was very good.  It was a nice balance of acid and sweetness.  The pasta also had a good chew to it.  Side order of Sauteed rapini - It is a vegetable so I can feel better about myself.I again sufficiently satisfied my tastebuds and would recommend and definitely want to come here again.
4	Loved the atmosphere and the staff.  Pasta dishes cooked al dente and sauces were light and not over-bearing.  Easy access from Sahara Avenue and plenty of parking.  Desserts are a little weak, but that is easily remedied.  Give this place a try.  You will like it.
5	Outstanding food and service. Why there is not a line out the door to eat there is a mystery to me. No matter what you order off the main menu you will be happy.  But be sure to order the meatballs as an appetizer, or you will be sorry. Truly the best.
5	Food is delicious and service is excellent. Great to find real Italian food in Las Vegas.
5	I've eaten here several times and have always had the sole entree.  It is served with capers and veggies and it's delicious - always very fresh tasting.  The insalada mista is a very nice house salad.  The shrimp scampi has a very good garlic sauce.  The atmosphere and service are top notch.  Perfect place for a romantic dinner or a group of friends.
5	We enjoyed another fantastic dining experience here last night and just had to write it up again.  Had the $6 mista salad, the $12 appetizer sampler and the $22 sole entree.  Absolutely awesome meal and what an excellent value!  The sole will just melt in your mouth.  And I highly recommend the sampler platter - everything was super fresh and delicious.  Service was again top notch.  I would give this place another star if I could.
5	What an outstanding place. A friend of ours recommended this place and I am glad they did. We started off with a calamari appetizer which was delicious. My wife and a friend had the salmon special, I had the Penne alla Pasquale's with shrimp and another had the Ravioli d;Aragosta. All were excellent. The chimichurri sauce they serve with bread is simply outstanding. This place is off the beaten path but certainly worth the trip. You won't be disappointed.
