4	Do you ever find yourself saying that a Target is "backwards" because of the layout?  There are essentially three layouts to targets - 1) the electronics are all the way to the left when you walk in, 2) the electronics are all the way to the right when you walk in, and 3) the electronics are in the middle-back of the store.  Well this one is a #2 which is backwards to me.  Kind of weird.  They had a good selection of clearance clothes which was surprising.  A lot of the things they had were things I had never seen over at the SuperTarget @ Christown.  I guess that's what you get when you are in the suburbs of Awatukee.  Anyways, top notch Target but it is no SuperTarget.
4	I'm at this Target what seems to be at a minimum of once a week. The staff is nice and lines are generally not too long!The store has always been clean and items have not been out of stock.I feel the layout of the store could be done slightly better than the current arrangement.  A very minor issue.This Target has a small food section. All the items I've purchased in the freezer/refrigerated or pantry items have always been fresh.The worst part of going to this Target is making a left onto 48th street during certain hours of the day. With the traffic on 48th/Ray and the shopping center across the street, turning can be a challenge.
1	The WORST experience I have had in a store.  Recently went to the store to pick up a few items.  There were 2 prices for one item.  When, I got to the cashier, she huffed and threw things around.  Called customer service and they gave a lame apology.  I will never go back!
2	This Target feels somewhat old and run-down compared to the brand-new one close to the Chandler Fashion Center mall.  They do have a large garden center that is housed in a separate building so that is nice but really I find that it is usually cheaper to get what you need at Lowes or Home Depot.The last time we were here I did notice that they have the nice, new plastic shopping carts that are so much easier to push.  So, that is a plus.  Also, there was a sign that they are expanding their grocery section and a portion of the store was under construction so it appears that they will soon have a fully stocked store with fresh produce in addition to the small dry food and dairy/frozen cases that they already have.
3	Honestly, there isn't much to say.Target had what was needed, although it was not as clean as I thought it would be, nor was it very large.Overall, I have no problem going back.
4	4 stars because the staff are always helpful and willing to help. 1 star left off due to lack of "one-plus-one" monitoring. The Lead always seems to walk around fast talking on their radio, but no additional registers opened.
1	Horrible customer service at this location, out of stock on a lot of items that are on sale.I will spend my money somewhere else.
1	Absolute WORST customer service at this store.On one particular day I was in this store looking for bath bubbles. Couldn't find bath bubbles to save my life! And also couldn't find an employee to save my life. After I walked around many isles aimlessly looking for someone to help me, I came across a female employee. Before I could even finish asking her where the bath bubbles were, she had already started walking away from me! She mumbled something and pointed in the general direction she thought they were. Gee, huge help! NOT.
4	What a nice Target store this is. It has a pharmacy which is always good.The store itself is huge! I has a big grocery section, but not as good as the one in Phoenix on 19th ave.Some things they do not carry. Such as garlic toast. I wanted the Mamma Mia brand and all they had was Texas Toast. Not what I wanted. Oh well.They did not have any Nutella either.However, I did get every else I came here for. Great prices on everything and .5cents off for each bag you bring in. They take coupons and it is a great day.Lots of parking and the wipes at the door to wipe down the carts.Makes me happy.
4	I enjoy my time shopping at this Target while I was in the area after dinner.  And since I used to work in the area on 48th St. & Chandler Blvd., I know the area quiet well.  This store is very bright and all their aisles are very clean.  The store sells everything from your household goods like electronics items from TV or cell phones to your home fridge need such as dry good, ice cream, yogurt, milk, and eggs.I don't believe that this store is a 24-hour store, so better call the store first before heading out.  Don't want you to come all the way out to the store and then find out they are closed for the night.
4	Most Target stores, usually run the same. Great Guess Service, keeping the lines down as much as they can, cleanliness, etc. No Starbucks kind of sucks though. They need to work on asking the guess, if they need anything. I passed by employees and other people and the employees dont say anything! Work on this Ahwatukee Target but I still love shopping here!
4	I get my prescriptions filled here and I shop here at least once a week. Always clean and most of the time the staff is friendly. They have all that I need and I always pay with my Target card to get the 5% off.
5	Love target! Great products and an amazing return policy!
4	My favorite of the big box, discount stores in the area. This Target is very well kept, is almost always cleaned, well stocked, and kept up, and the layout is very easy to navigate. While a little more expensive than Walmart in some areas, it is a much more enjoyable atmosphere and buying experience here, so I am ok if I pay a little more.
4	I really enjoy this Target more than any other super store in the area. The store is much less crowded and crazy, they keep it very clean and neat, and the prices are good overall.
3	The fitting rooms looked like they haven't been cleaned in a while dirty tortillas on the ground...Ok over all, good selection but not the cleanest Target I've been to. (This was the Ahwatukee Target store)
2	I visited this location on 12/16/2014 4:59pm. I purchased a few items and went to checkout. The check out girl , I do not recall her name but she had purple hair, seemed in a rush to leave. She was telling the guest in front of me , when she was asked if she was ready for Christmas that her last paycheck was only 60.00 and how was she suppose to buy gifts with that. Wow! ok so maybe Target doesn't pay that well, but that is not my issue. My issue is I presented her with 4 coupons and when I asked did you take all 4 off she said yes, without even looking at her screen.  I got my receipt and sure enough she left off one of the coupons. It's not about the dollar, trust me , if the fact she did not bother to double check and I did not want to hold up a line espically at this time in the season.  Looking at the receipt there is no receipt number or name or anything to show who checked me out. All I can tell you is she had purple hair and it was long. I am going to post this on yelp also. I used to love Target but this experience made me think you are guys are just like Walmart now and that is sad.
