5	Alta Vista saved my puppy from the dreaded Parvo.  This feat alone is a great endorsement for them, but there's so much more.  The staff is always really nice and friendly to both people and pets.  In addition to being a veterinary hospital, they also do grooming and boarding.  All this and their amazing extended hours, make it hard to justify taking my dog anywhere else.
5	My precious pooch attends Pup Scouts at Alta Vista and wow, do they have the doggie day care business down. I've been to Dog Day Care facilities all over the city and this is the one that's stuck. The staff are caring, well-trained and do perform a temperment test on new pups. The dogs rotate between one-on-one time with each other, with employees, and group time. This is the first place my dog has ever willingly gone knowing I was going to leave him. Ollie gives Alta Vista four paws up!
5	In addition to all the rave reviews about Alta Vista staff saving pets from horrible circumstances, i would like to add that they have very reasonable rates for routine care.  I have also boarded dogs there for short trips out of town.  The rates were good, and the dogs were returned happy.
1	I have this cat, you see, whose name is Count Larry. Only in the last month, after 1.5 years of dating, has my boyfriend come even close to garnering the same amount of affection I shower on this cat. The cat and I have been through the ringer together. He started displaying some disgusting behavioral problems, and I thought he was angry at the the dogs, but then he added lethargy on to the top of these problems. I took him to Alta Vista, very very worried... absolutely in hysterics, thinking I was going to lose my little Larry. The doctor took a look at him and took X rays, the first of which were too "fuzzy"... she charged us for these. The second set were fine, but she said she couldn't diagnose the problem and that we could make one of two inferences from the "gray area" on the X ray: 1.) That he is going to die if not operated onor2.) It's just a piece of poop that's stuck.REALLY. So, basically they told me I would have to pay upwards of $600 to operate on something potentially benign, or run the risk of him dying by just paying $200 for the useless x rays and observation, with further "study" on the X Rays. Because we had limited funds and his illness didn't qualify for the CareCredit, we had to go with the latter, and kept him under close observation for the next 24 hours. They said they'd call in the next 24 hours to check up on him and to let us know what the new X Rays said.Guess who never called? After 7 days of badgering them about whether or not my cat was dying, they couldn't tell me anything and passed me off to eachother at least three times on every phone call.They suck. Screw them.UPDATE: By the way, Lar turned out to be TOTALLY FINE. After inspection of his bowel movements (totally disgusting, FYI... cats must be the smelliest creatures 2nd only to either ferrets or those monkeys that fling their own poo), turns out he just chewed a hair tie of mine and it started twisting him up a little. Nothing some kitty immodium-AD and force-watering couldn't fix.
5	I am so glad I found this place, and it's right across the street!It's in Melrose, the quaint neighborhood on 7th Avenue between Indian School & Camelback.Now, for the review:My 15-year old cat, Spike, got sick.  I got an appointment the same day.They were so caring there.  I got into a private room almost upon arrival and didn't wait long for the vet.  It was bad news:  his kidneys had failed.  They ran tests and I knew...KNEW...I would have to put him to sleep.  I had been preparing for this day.  The female vet put her hand on my shoulder, which is exactly what I needed. The vet loaded him up with fluids so I could have a few days with my Spike.  Turns out, the next day, he wasn't doing any better.  I immediately went back, tears streaming down my face.  I whispered "I need to put him down".  They immediately whisked me to a private room.  Everything was humane and the people working there were so caring!  They let me sit with him after he died and said they'd be back in a bit.  I was a wreck, but everyone came in and hugged me.I wasn't charged an arm and a leg.  I had him cremated and they gave me a beautiful urn to go with Spike.I highly recommend Alta Vista based on service, price, caring and the wide range of services they offer.They also do day care and boarding!
3	I called Alta Vista yesterday because one of our dogs needs some dental work and I am pretty unhappy with the service that we have received from our current vet (Banfield at Spectrum/Christown).The receptionist, Sissy, was extremely nice on the phone.  She gave me a general quote for a dental and fit us in for an appointment the very next day, for free!  She told me that we would be meeting with Dr. Harbo, the vet at the practice who does dentals.During the time from when we arrived, finished filling out the requisite paperwork, and were ushered into the room, we saw several employees, all of whom were pleasant.  At this point, our experience changed completely.  Adam was our final veterinary technician.  He was terse, almost rude.  He spent about 1 minute with us and the dog, and looked in the dog's mouth for about 5 seconds.  He barely spent enough time in the room to hear our concerns.  He left as quickly as he came in and was gone for quite some time.When he came back, estimate in hand, he asked if we expected to see the vet.  When I told him that I understood that our appointment was with Dr. Harbo, he informed us that if we wanted to speak to a vet, a $45 office charge would apply.  We declined.My problem is that I was misinformed when making the appointment, then treated poorly at the appointment.  From a business perspective, they should have treated this free exam like an audition to win our business - because it was.  Will I try Alta Vista again??  I don't know.  The price was right, but that really isn't the only factor.  If it was, I would still be happy with Banfield (ugh.)I want a vet (and their staff) who will treat me and my dogs with respect, and not value me only for my money.  I also want a vet who does not treat me poorly because I have financial concerns - I just can't blindly drop thousands  (or even hundreds) of dollars.  Believe me, if I could, I would.  These dogs are my babies.   I am bummed that my first experience at Alta Vista was not as good as  I would have liked.  Maybe next time.
5	Having gone through a period of time when I would have sworn that I was running a hospice for animals, I became intimately associated with Alta Vista. Seriously, how many people can walk in to a vets office, be recognized and acknowledged by their first name, and the techs all know the details of your animals BMs? I am convinced that I have put more than one vet in a new car!!! But ranting aside, they have almost always been professional and caring. I have had the odd off visit, but when you are on the frequent visit plan that is to be expected. Personal experience would rate a 4 star rating alone on the fact that they can muscle my chart around. But they get the coveted 5 stars for their mobile service.Dad's very large (I would say obese, but that's a sore point, so let's say she was big boned) and very old yellow lab was frail and failing fast. We all knew what the humane thing to do was, but here's the rub... Libby hated going in the car. The folks at Alta Vista have an incredible mobile vet service which allowed the family to not force Libby's last moments to be worse than they already were. One call to the office and an appointment time was set. The vet came to the house (right on time) and spent a considerable amount of time with the family and Libby. She was allowed to pass comfortably, surrounded by those who loved her most.If you are someone that has four-footed family members and find yourself in a situation where a more personal touch is needed, Alta Vista and their staff will definitely rise to the challenge.
2	There is nothing more frustrating than taking your pet to the vet because you think something is wrong with him, and having the vet completely ignore everything you tell her. This is why I do not take my dogs to Alta Vista anymore. I took my older dog to Alta Vista after we adopted him because it was close, and I had a free exam certificate from the shelter. The vet seemed nice enough, and I'll give her a pass on the fact that she clearly had no idea what breeds he might be (she told us he'd get 50 pounds, max, when full grown today, he's 70). So, figuring that they were ok from the first visit, I took him in when he started having issues. Vet #1 "thought" he might have bladder crystals, and sent him home with expensive prescription food and an order to come back in 4 weeks. Vet #2, on the return visit, completely disregarded everything that had been written in my dog's chart as well as everything I told her, and wanted to run a bunch of expensive tests. Vet #1 had told me he'd just need a retest for the crystals, Vet #2 wanted to send him through the ringer. No thanks. We got the hell out of there as fast as we could manage. I don't do doctors who don't listen. She may have the degree, but I live with the dog and know what he is and isn't doing. Needless to say, we haven't been back. And my dog? He's perfectly fine.
4	It's very hard to choose a vet for your four legged friend that is practically your child.  After doing a lot of searching, I decided on Alta Vista for a lot of reasons.  The staff was very friendly to me on the phone with all my annoying questions, the location was close to my home, the hours are unbeatable, and they were able to get me an appointment immediately.  My dog Rally only needed a Rabies shot, but it was still a big deal to me.  When we came in for his appointment, I was pleased to see a very large waiting area that was very clean.  Small lobbies are terrible for veterinary practices because the animals get way too anxious in those small places.  The staff was also very friendly at the front desk.  We waited about 15 minutes past our scheduled appointment, but I guess that's what all doctors do.  Rally's vet, who we did not choose, was Dr. Todd Carter.  Unfortunately, Rally did not take too kindly to him and was very scared.  While I'm sure Dr. Carter is a great vet, I will probably select a female the next time around, as Rally feels more comfortable around women.  Overall, a nice experience here.
5	I wish I could give the Alta Vista Animal Hospital more than 5 stars, they are AMAZING!  I brought my dachshund into their hospital after he was sent home with inconclusive results from Sonora Pet Hospital (DO NOT GO THERE!)  Charlie was experiencing extremely severe stomach cramps and was quickly deteriorating throughout the day.  I took him to the Sonoran Hospital on Cactus and they took blood work, xrays and of course did a physical exam and the vet there could not find anything wrong with him at all and basically told me to see how he was doing the next day.  Well, I knew he was just not improving, only worsening so I called the Alta Vista Pet Hospital and spoke with Sabastiana, who was very compassionate and amazingly helpful.  I rushed Charlie in because of his worsening condition and the very reasonable prices ($65 for a walk in vs $105 other places) and the extraordinary Dr. Foster immediately found a foreign object stuck in his intestine.  She quickly removed it with surgery, and thankfully Charlie is recovering wonderfully.  IF I did not bring my dog there he would have died overnight, the vet said.  I will be forever grateful and thankful to Alta Vista for saving my weenie's life!!!!
4	This review is for the hospital AND the boarding facility.New edit: Munch has stayed at AV a few times. Last time I picked her up, I arrived much earlier than I had stated on the intake form. Munch was outside with all the other dogs, playing and running around. I was happy to see her tail wagging and a "smile" on her doggie face. Yes, the facilities seem a bit draconian. But they follow my instructions to the letter and as long as my dog is safe and uninjured, I don't mind paying the very low rate of $18 per day.  As for her operation, I must say that she is still totally fine. My cat was spayed at the "humane" society, and such mangling of an animal I hope never to see the evidence of again. I would rather pay a reasonable rate as a customer in order to expect to find a pet still able to bear a touch to the abdomen.....My new rescue dog was spayed at Alta Vista. In my research, I was most impressed with the presentation/comfort of the waiting area.  It was clean and spacious, which I believe is very important.  The pricing for a spay was reasonable compared to other vets in my area.This place is VERY busy, and as a new customer, I was not surprised that there was little attention paid to my dog's needs as I saw them. But they did the job and she did not appear to be worse for the wear. It might seem like this is a lukewarm review of the treatment we were given. In fact it is not, because my dog is a bit of a hot mess in the mental health department. She showed zero signs of trauma from the procedure. Her little belly healed nicely with no problems. Yay! Same with the boarding facility. I asked to see the actual kennel area, which could easily serve as a setting for a horror movie. It is loud, dark and dank.  But hey. I figured my dog was going to be miserable anyway, so as long as there were no signs of dogs being neglected or abused, it was worth the 18 bucks/day.  And it was! She was VERY well taken care of and again there were no new crazy dog emotional issues to contend with later.  They did their best to follow all of my instructions, which admittedly seemed annoying even to myself. But I didn't care, because for once it was worth it to me to be a bit demanding. My dog is important to me. Yay again!
1	My review can be summed up by the letter I mailed to the owner.Personal names have been blacked out because I'm not totally horrible.RE: Bootzer, male ChihuahuaDear Dr. ******,I have been a client of your location since I moved to Phoenix in 2004. Your facility has cared for two of my dogs, Bootzer and Mattie. However, I will no longer be bringing my pets to Alta Vista.The reason for this letter is to inform you of my disappointment in your staff. On numerous occasions I brought Bootzer in for a consistent, honking cough. Each time your staff would test him for something new; such as Valley Fever or Kennel Cough and each time, after paying around $300 for a specialized test, we would be told our dog was healthy and just needed to shed a little weight.On our last visit we met with **** ******. **** examined Bootzer and did not perform any tests, rather he suggested a prescription weight loss food and then tried to up sell us on flea baths and preventative de-worming. He had no explanations for Bootzer's cough except that he was overweight and small dogs often breath in dust and it could be a response to that.On July 13th my husband and I had to euthanize our beloved Bootzer due to his trachea collapsing. The emergency hospital we took him to was extremely knowledgeable and knew right away what was causing his distress. After speaking with the veterinarian we learned that collapsed trachea is a common problem with small dogs, and Chihuahuas are a high risk for this problem and its not uncommon for this to be a hereditary issue. We were also informed that the cough and his lack of being able to exercise should have been a significant sign to any experienced, professional veterinarian. This could have been treated earlier with medication, a harness instead of a collar and putting a humidifier near his crate.As you can expect, my family is very saddened by the loss of our friend and frustrated that not only could this have been prevented, but that we could have improved the quality of his life while he was with us.I will be informing the public of my disappointment in Alta Vista via word of mouth and review sites like Kudzu.com and Yelp.com. I will also be contacting your receptionist to have Mattie's records transferred to a more reputable vet.I don't know how much money we have invested in your clinic to date, but I'm confident that we spent too much - considering that the real issue was never diagnosed, tested for or addressed. I don't see you considering compensating us for our loss or the money we spent with your organization, but I want to voice my displeasure in losing a family member due to a lack of caring, negligence and incompetence.
4	Alta Vista Veterinary Hospital has been my goto vet for years, even after I moved out of the area and now have to drive a ways to get there. They've got very reasonable and competitive prices, and the ABSOLUTE BEST HOURS of operation of any vet in the area. If you work regular weekday office hours, and need a weekday evening appointment, it can be impossible to find that anywhere, but Alta Vista has always been accommodating. My experiences with Alta Vista began years ago when my best friend Gideon ( www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iVlC0mKQ0k ) came into my life. Alta Vista is a sponsored vet that you can choose for your free initial checkup when you adopt through the Humane Society.  I've also been back for instances of illness, emergency injury, and routine surgery (neuter -- not me, one of the dogs), and they've been friendly and helpful each time. I do not at this time recall the names of individual vets I've seen, but they all seem genuine and knowledgeable.  I've only had Science Diet suggested to me lightly and then dropped, and any vet visitor knows what a pimp all vets are for that crap food.  One of the vets was even supportive and knowledgeable when I was asking questions pertaining to transitioning to a raw diet (  http://www.rawmeatybones.com/  ).The neuter surgery I visited for was also a freebie using one of the Maricopa County Big Fix Program vouchers ( http://www.maricopa.gov/pets/SpayNeuter/voucher.aspx ).  I love that they participate in these programs which help the pet community. The voucher gave the surgery fee free, but not all the meds/aftercare, and Alta Vista was not pushy at all when it came to my choosing what level of care, and therefore expense, I wished to incur beyond the free voucher's value. Alta Vista is a full service hospital and boarding facility as well.  I've not used the boarding facility services.  They've undergone a renovation, or actually, moved to a newer larger facility since my initial experiences.  The new facility is spacious and clean, both front and back office.  **It is unfortunate that sometimes folks have experiences with their loved ones that end tragically, but it is not fair to blame the medical professionals who try to help, even if they end up failing, no matter if your loved one was furry or not.
3	I'm not sure whether to give this place 2 or 3 stars. We have taken our pets to Alta Vista for vet stuff as well as for boarding.As far as the medical stuff goes, one time the vet was very friendly and helpful and we were completely satisfied. Another time a different (and very creepy) vet tried to get us to do all kinds of unnecessary tests on our cat and recommended hitting her in the nose (wtf?) .As far as boarding goes, the person we dropped our pet off to was great. She said call anytime to check up on our cat. I called twice. Both times I got a different person and both times they were very rude and acted like I was a bother. When we went to pick her up we heard an employee yell "SHUT UP" very loud presumably at one of the animals in their care. That being said, our cat seemed healthy and as happy as one could expect after being boarded for a few days. There are good things and bad things about Alta Vista. I think a lot of it depends on what particular employees you get on your visit.
4	I've had pets my whole life and my observation has been that when the 's front desk staff is nice and proffesional , the doctors are not and when the doctors are great, the front desk leaves much to be desired.  This was not the case at Alta Vista.  First off, there hours are great.  Secondly. the front desk people (Sam), the techs and the doctor (Dr. Sean Penn), very friendly and courteous.  And finally, the price was reasonable. That, along with the place being clean and not smelling like wet dog when you walk in made having to take my dog in on a Sunday afternoon as pleasant as could be.  So far so good.
4	My family has been living in the neighborhood since the mid-50's. This is the place my grandparents, parents, and now I have taken our pets. Our pets have always lived long and happy lives. My last dog lived to be 17, which was way beyond her expectancy. Yes, we have received some large bills from Alta Vista, but we have also seen them cure animals that should definitely have died. I will always take my pet here.
2	After having such a wonderful experience here with my cat a couple of years ago, I was incredibly disappointed with the treatment we got last April when my border collie, Queen, got sick.They found a mass bigger than a grapefruit on her spleen.  She was so lethargic, I couldn't walk her around the block.  That was so unusual for her, especially with her breed.  This was a dog I could take on 10-hour hikes in the White Tanks and she'd still be ready for more.I was told I could have her go through surgery and that if it wasn't cancer, she could have a year more to live.  Keep in mind, Queen was 12.  Ripe age for a very active dog.  If it was cancer (it would take two weeks to find out), she could go through chemo and have another 6 months to live.I didn't feel that surgery or chemo were something that a) would give her the quality of life she had lived thus far b) was something I could afford or c) the best decision for her health.I took her home (it was a Friday night) and decided to have her put to sleep the next day.  When I got up Saturday morning to let them know I would be in, it took about 10 minutes for them to call me back.  In fact, it was the actual vet calling, trying to talk me out of the humane treatment for Queen, and trying to talk me into spending time, money and emotional stress on my dog, just to have her for another year.  Selfish.  I couldn't bear to have her sick at ALL any longer.  He pushed a little more, and I informed him I would be in as soon as my Mom arrived from Payson to go through it all with me.I felt like the care they were giving was more financially-based than humane.  I'll never take any of my animals here again.
3	Several misses on communication have me re-adjusting the rating on Alta Vista. The hours are still killer. You just cannot find a regular vet with better hours... but somehow convenience isn't always the top criteria when selecting someone to care for one of your non-human companions.My main complaint is that it is hard to see the same vet as they seem to change staff quite frequently. And if you do go here often, save your reciepts. I have paid my bill in full, only to be told I still "owe" on several occassions. If this were something that happened once or twice, I could probably ignore it, but I know this has occurred at least 5 times and that seems just way too frequent. That being said, there are a couple of Dr's on staff that I believe are very good, if not exceptional and if you can be assured of seeing them, you should feel comfortable in knowing that your pet will be given very good care.Dr. Sean Penn has always been quick to call if there were issues with other vets or complaints. He seems very knowledgable and isn't overlly defensive or dramatic, which is important in an escalating situation.Dr. Jacquie Allgire is a wonderful woman that brings western and eastern medicine together. This is something you can find in the east valley, but in central Phoenix, it is virtually non-existant. She is also a Certified Veterinary Acupuncturist and has a plethera of naturopathic remedies. I love this woman and can't say enough good things about her or her care of my animals. There is no question that she actually cares for your babies and that is priceless!Dr. Berney Mangone was able to diagnos a rare condition that my dog had been plagued with for months. He never rushed me, answered at least 100 questions, and actually found a pharmacy that would supply me with the needed medicines for about $450 cheaper than otherwise available. As this will most likely take more than one course of medication, that savings will add up very quickly. Dr. Mangone gave me back my happy Zoe and for that I will be eternally grateful.If you go to Alta Vista, go informed, pay attention, and enjoy the long working hours.
4	You really cannot beat their extended hours and location.Alta Vista took me and feline companion with alarming eye problem in for a same-day appointment around 9 p.m. and did a good job of making estimates clear and letting me know my options (from low cost to high cost).  Though they were closing up shop soon, I did not feel particularly rushed.The staff was loud, fun and boisterous with each other.  I sat nervously in the waiting area while kitty blood was drawn and read a magazine article about Bonnie Hunt, pictured sitting in the passenger seat of a convertible with her dog at the wheel.  Freaking LOVE Bonnie Hunt.Only one other well-dressed young man with amazing high tops and a tiny pup were there that late, along with some guy whose poodle had just had its ass glands milked; it was excitedly rubbing its distended rectum all over the floor and filled the entire room with a war crime-like foul stench.Doctor M phoned me the next day after lab work was completed and recommended a second test on the existing blood sample.  No leukemia or diabetes, thankfully.I've been referred to an opthamologist -- the doctor sat at his computer and looked up all the information I needed.Total cost of visit, including medications and lab work: ~$240
4	Roxy and I first ended up at Alta Vista because it was the closest vet to us that offered a free first visit to dogs adopted from the pound. Of course, Roxy immediately made friends with all of the vet techs and the office cat (the only time I'll probably ever see a dog give a cat a belly rub - seriously). Since then, we've come back for all of her vaccines, some puppy-era ear infections, and even one mystery stomach illness. Luckily, Roxy is pretty healthy and resilient, so overall we've had good experiences. The staff is usually friendly and ready with treats (and lots of petting) for Roxy and their office hours absolutely cannot be beat. A regular (non-emergency) visit has us waiting at least half an hour in the waiting room, but at least it's clean and comfortable. The one time we went in for mystery illness, we got in right away. The Doc ran a bunch of blood tests even though Roxy's tummy was probably just upset over something she ate (this was back in her puppy days where she was known to gnaw on everything from my couch, to slow birds, to raw potatoes). I didn't mind the extra precaution and Roxy was treated that night with some meds and fluids. Even though the tests all came back normal, I still think we got some good options and explanations, not to mention a simple treatment plan for her when I got her home. I called them a bunch of times with questions while she was getting better, and got answers pretty quickly. The biggest issue I've had is the fact that, over the past five years, we've never seen the same veterinarian twice. Not that we've had a problem with any of the vets, but, I don't know, it just seems odd.
4	Very helpful.  They were able to get my dog in for oral surgery at a moments notice and were very professional.  The place is run better than most doctor's offices.  CLEAN and professional.
3	The staff is very friendly but I'm convinced that I'm getting ripped off and that the surgery performed on my dog was botched.  I'm still a customer though.
5	I have used them on numerous occasions. Most recently, we had to put an animal to sleep and they were wonderful and compassionate, helping us make our decision. They were truly compassionate and wonderful!
5	I have been going to Alta Vista for years. We started when we found a stray on a Sunday who was covered in ticks and very ill. In a panic we go ogle searched vets and they were the only one open on Sundays. They were very helpful and sweet with our little stray who we were able to find a good home for. After that experience and the convenience of a vet open 7 days a week, we became regulars. Through the years we lost and gained some pets. We had a puppy that passed away in a freak accident that we needed help with and they were wonderful. The vet tech even cried when she saw the poor little thing. More recently, our hyper 10 month old puppy got out and was hit by a car in front of my house. I was home alone and in a panic. I could not even catch my breathe. Our puppy severely injured hid under our bed as he began to bleed out. After 10 minutes of failed attempts to get him out we called Alta Vista begging for help. NOT an ounce of hesitation two vet techs showed up at our home within 20 minutes. They were able to get our puppy out and to the hospital safely. After my husband and I arrived Dr. Penn greeted us and quickly explained what his injuries were and what our options were. He called other doctors for their advice and really offered us unbiased advice which was refreshing. Dr. Penn and the staff at Alta Vista have been really wonderful to work with. Dr. Penn has even called us on his days off to give us updates on our dog's condition so we aren't left in the dark. i will say sometimes the waits are long, but it's well worth the trade off.
5	I cannot say enough about the caring and compassion shown by the vets and staff at Alta Vista shown to our beloved beautiful mutt, my housemate (the actual owner) and myself during her treatment - and in the aftermath of her demise.  The kindness and gentleness shown by Dr. Hesser and staff to our girl will long be gratefully remembered as particularly will the doctor's genuine emotion and grief at her  loss after tremendous efforts to save her.     The love of animals was apparent in everyone we dealt with at Alta Vista during this entire devastating episode.  For those few who felt rudeness on occasion from some of the staff, aside from whatever else may have been going on in their lives that day, If you'll note the  bite and scratch mark SCARS on most all of the vet techs, you might pardon them for an occasional less-than-sunny, love-those-animals disposition.      As others have noted, it's a clean, pleasant facility with a large waiting room.  The hours, until 10pm M-F, and no-extra-charge Saturday and Sunday hours (til 7, I believe) are great.  The ultrasound and radiology equipment appear to be state of the art and the surgical area clean and modern.  The bill for our girl's treatment is semi-monumental but we were accurately informed ahead of time and approved the expenses.   Professional medical care is expensive whether for human or animal, and compared to experience with prior vet, I do not feel like we were ripped off and/or nickled & dimed to death - but I will be thinking more about that vet care insurance my consumer mag didn't think worthwhile.   Our gratitude and highest recommendation to Dr. Hesser and all the staff at Alta Vista who took such good care of our girl and who were kind to us as well. Past kudos to Dr. Penn as well.
4	The staff are friendly and helpful.  They seemed really concerned when my cat got sick.  The doctor personally called me when my cat was in the hospital overnight because of kidney stones.  They did follow up calls as well.  Plus the doctor was named Sean Penn, though I don't think it was actually the actor. The hours are wonderful.  I would recommend this business to anyone.
5	FES, our chweiner (chihuaha/daschund) mixture fell off the bed.  Two days later on Memorial day, our FES lost use of his hind legs and was in a lot of pain.  After calling around several emergency vets and realizing I couldn't afford it, one of the ER vets recommended Alta Vista.  We had decided that if he was paralyzed, that wasn't any way to live a doggie life.  The faciilty was clean, the staff were pleasant and we only waited about 15 minutes.  Dr. Penn was very kind, compassionate and took the time to answer all our questions.  We agreed to leave him there over night to see if there were any changes.  After being observed for a full 24 hours, Dr. Penn said he saw some slight improvement and suggested that we FES would be a good candidate for a doggie wheelchair.  After administering the medication and lots of doggie TLC, our little FES was walking on his own...slowly, but walking and eventually going up/down the stairs.  If it hadn't been for Dr. Penn, we may have sent our little FES away too soon.  We prayed for a miracle for our little dog and God answered our prayer.  Seven months later  we're going to see Dr. Penn for some comfort meds due to some arthritis,  but we still have our little chweiner and that makes us all very happy.Merry Christmas to Dr. Penn and the Alta Vista staff!    Terry Q
5	I had been using Alta Vista for years and while at times was annoyed by the service, overall I was happy with this place. They have really upgraded their facilities, convenient hours and I also consistently used them for boarding and grooming (approx $35 for my shaggy haired Shi-Tzu). I appreciated their detailed list of charges and also their treatment plans. I never felt pressured into following their recommendations. While in the past, I would have rated 4 stars, I am giving them 5 for this past experience. My 15 and half year old dog entered a steep decline in his health over the last month dropping from 10 lbs to 7. This past week, with my dog unable to eat, barely walk, and hold his head up, we made the difficult decision to put him to sleep. The employees at Alta Vista treated us with sympathy and kindness when we called wanting to know our options. When we brought him this past Saturday, the doctor told me we made the right decision after examining him. She allowed me to hold my dog during the procedure and sat next to me providing me comforting words as I tearfully cradled my dying dog. She also had tears in her eyes as she shared her personal experience with pet loss with me. I don't remember her name (if she told me) but she really made my upsetting loss as comfortable as it could be. I will always really appreciate that.
5	I used this animal hospital about 9 years ago, moved away and now moved back.  Took my brand  new rescued rottie there last night.  I am sooooo pleased with everyone and all the services.  Evan (Dr.) was wonderful.  Very knowledgeable, full of suggestions, holistic approaches to my other rotties diet and gave my new boy incredible positive attention, love and careful medical care.  I am now loyal.  I will be bringing both rotties back to be showered with love, attention and fantastic medical care!  Thank you Alta Vista for loving my pooches like they deserve.
2	I bring my dog in monthly for shots and I have never once had an appointment reminder.  To top it off, I always spend at least an hour and usually closer to two waiting.  The last time I was in, my appointment was delayed by over an hour.  That is not acceptable and if there was another vet in my area I would be jumping ship.Please Alta Vista, get your shit together.
5	My dad has been going here for a while with his dog, but it wasn't until my cat got sick that I checked them out.I went in expecting them to start telling me all of these things I would have to do and money I would have to spend.The first few visits them did the exact opposite. They told me stuff to do which would hopefully help her without surgery.But it didn't work, she finally needed a feeding tube.After a few weeks I am happy to say she is well on her way to her old self and couldn't be happier!!!Every time I went in for a check up, the staff and tech's couldn't have been more helpful and friendly.Dr. Penn specifically felt like he went way out of his way to help and was extra friendly & understanding in this very stressful time.Can't say enough great things about them!VERY happy with their service and recommend them to everyone!(and for anyone making a big deal about the wait time, make an appointment!)
5	This is an overdue review - I haven't needed Alta Vista for weeks and weeks now, but I was putting together my 'to do' list and dog's annual exam/shots has to go on the list.  I needed Alta Vista's boarding services several times in the process of staging, showing and selling a house.  My over-pampered, over-anxious Papillion was quite happy to go there, spend the day, spend a night or two and enjoy the attention.  The staff is flexible and nice and don't usually seem overbooked.  I'm also realizing that the doggy needs a bath and she'll get one soon at Alta Vista's grooming group.  She looked so pretty and smelled so good the last time!
1	Had a very bizarre and disturbing experience with Alta Vista.  I would not go back or recommend them to anyone.When I made the appointment over the phone the staff was not overly helpful or friendly.When we arrived for our appointment the staff did not greet me or my dog or respond to our arrival in anyway.  Instead the three staff members at the front desk were bitching about other customers and the other staff.  They were in really grumpy moods... talking about walking out.I had to ask them if they would like me to sign in or to fill out paperwork.I was told when I made the appointment that I could expect the appointment to take 1/2 an hour (after I asked).I sat with my dog in the waiting room for almost 1/2 an hour before a woman casually asked me if my dog had been weighed yet.  We weighed her and then I waited again for a long while.  Then we were moved into an exam room where I again waited.  The strange thing is there were no other patients the entire time!!  I was told twice that the vet and people helping me had to keep leaving the exam room to go back to a meeting!I was given almost no information on the reason I had brought my dog in.  I decided to leave with no treatment.There is more but I will save you the details.  Suffice to say it was just all around a bad experience and a huge waste of my time.
2	Last weekend I had to take my dog in for emergency surgery and didn't really have a choice, because my regular Veterinary, Dr Yocam at the South side Animal Hospital closes at 12 noon on Saturdays. So I take my dog to Alta Vista and the staff gets to work pretty quickly. I was told they will take blood and ex rays and call me back. My phone rings and the Doc says to me, i have to perform immediate surgery or your dog will not make it past the night. Turns out my dog had a septic stomach and tape worms had perforated  his intestines and caused infection. The dog had surgery that night and had to stay at the hospital for two nights. Grand total came out to little over $2,800.00. This was a bit expensive and If Dr Yocam over at the South side Animal Hospital, would of administered the treatment, I probably would of spent half. This place did good job on saving my pet, but the prices are high.
5	I have only seen Dr. Jacquie; she rocks. She is holistic and performs chiro and acupuncture, so if your doggy is older, she can really help. She is very intuitive and a great vet!
2	I have to say I went to this location because of their hours and for the Yelp reviews I read.  I had set an appointment and when I got there only one other person was out in the waiting area. I walked right to the counter and was asked to fill out some papers which was expected since it was my first time.I finished the papers in less than 5 minutes and then I sat in the lobby for 30-35 minutes. Another woman walked in and told the lady at the counter she wanted to bring her dog in because he was acting strange. Her words "He was going up to a friend and wanting to be pet by him, he must be sick because he is shy" and then she got brought back with her pet!  I was already sitting there a good 15 minutes, REALLY? I was getting a bit upset because, well, I don't have all the time in the world and just wanted to get my 2 dogs looked at.After 30 minutes I finally walked up to the counter and said "You do know I had an appointment at 11, right?" Finally they brought me back to the examination room...I sat there for another 30 minutes! I couldn't believe it. My blood was boiling and I was to the point where I started to put my dogs back in the kennel to leave.  As I was packing them up  a tech came in to start off the temp and weight. She was very friendly and the reason why I gave more than one star.The tech did her thing and left...and there I was sitting waiting for the vet for another 10 minutes!Here I am 70 minutes after my appointment and still have NOT seen the vet, I missed another appointment I had because of how long it took.When setting up the appointment for the next visit I wasn't given an card or anything to remind me of when it is. I have no idea when the next appointment is, I may have missed it but that doesn't matter, I don't plan on returning.I did get a call the next day about the stool but they weren't sure if the samples had been mixed up because the adult dog had parasites that a puppy would have and the puppy had some that the dog should have so they just generally treated them both.When I went to pick up the medicine the person at the counter couldn't tell me what I needed to do to give 1 mil of the medicine to the puppy. Another tech happily assisted me and gave me a syringe, thankfully she was there. When I asked the guy at the counter what kind of parasites I was battling the guy said "I don't know"... I asked if it was in their records and he said "No"...wait...what???? So I stood there thinking he was finding out for me...no, he was doing something else...I took the medicine and they didn't even say "Make sure when you're done you bring a sample back in to find out if they are better" It has been a week since the 7 day medicine ran out and I haven't got a call asking if all was OK and if I'm going to bring in the stool samples.I really don't feel comfortable with this place, and I'm upset that it didn't work out....I had better hopes to find a vet in the neighborhood since I'm new to it.Time to find a new one. If anyone has found something in the area that's you went to, please let me know by message.
5	They saved my puppies!  I adopted two puppies from the pound and 4 days after getting them home they came down with parvo.  The vets and staff where fabulous!  They where super caring and honest with the possible outcome. They didn't get upset with my calling all the time and where very patient with me and wonderful with my puppies.  Thanks to their caring attention to detail my puppies and happy, healthy and parvo free.
1	Run away. I was horrified by  Alta Vista.   Pros- they have good hours and the front desk staff were nice.  It appears they do a lot of emergency care walk ins which leads to chaos and long wait times though. I took my Maltese in for a 2nd opinion about a lump.  Exploratory surgery and removal was recommended and I scheduled the surgery.  The tech was good, the Doctor was a flippant jerk once he came in the room and I wish I would have trusted my instincts and cancelled. He had no time for my questions and didn't even look at my dog.The morning of surgery drop off, I ask to see the Dr to show him how much worse the lump became and was told no, which made me uncomfortable. As I'm leaving the parking lot someone is CHASING MY CAR. It's the doctor! I roll down my window and he says "I need permission to remove your dog's lymph node"  (WHAT?)  He seems irritated that I ask what that even means.... I stutter out an okay if you need to but I hope not...and off he goes.  In hindsight I should have marched in after him and taken my dog back right then.I called for results of my dogs exploratory surgery twice but no one was available to tell me the results. They scheduled me for 6:00 pickup. I wait about an hour... a tech brings the discharge paperwork out to the waiting room. She says "you're familiar with discharge instructions right?"  I state - I don't even know what you did to him today - no one called me back.  What happened today?  She shuffles through the papers and discovers the paperwork is for dental work and says nothing about his lump removal results.  About half an hour later she comes back to the crowded waiting room carrying my half-conscious dog who can't even hold his head up. He has about t a 5 inch incision on his stomach- its huge.   I ask her again how the surgery went- she doesn't know - I'll get a call next week when they hear back from the lab.  I asked they remove his lymph node?  She replied "I don't know- I think so."  Nice. I'm FURIOUS and just want to get out of there--I take my half-conscious now mangled dog and leave. I could go on for another 3 pages.... It was a nightmare.   No one ever called me. The discharge paperwork was wrong. The doctor was an incompetent ass.  The tech didn't stand a chance because she wasn't given the right information.   I continued to call for days to ask what the results of surgery were.. they lost the file.. then found it but it was incomplete....  No one knew. Everyone kept apologizing and but there was no excuse for this mess.  I saw the Dr again when I had to come in for stitches coming undone after hours- he is without question the worst veterinarian I have ever stumbled across- might have been because he knew I had called and complained, but he was snide, sarcastic and unkind throughout the entire process. $1,300 or so later I literally was just glad my dog lived through this place.
5	My wonderful boy had a growth on his tail. Dr. Jacquie removed it and even came to my house to redress it! He did really well and the bill was in the reasonable range (I am very conscious of vet costs since much of what you do is guided by your heart strings but tempered by your purse strings). Dr. J rocks! Her staff was great since my big lug is a bit of a growler. They were a little intimated but Dr. J. "alpha dogged" him and he did settled right down. I highly recommend Dr. J!
5	Dr Jacquie is a fantastic vet! She practices acupuncture, and has been treating my dog since summer 2011 for hip issues. She is conservative in her approach, and does not recommend unnecessary procedures or medications. Dr. Jacquie also answers emails when you have questions or concerns. I highly recommend her to anyone that wants to use holistic medicine to treat their pets.The staff is also great, and very friendly.
5	I started coming to Alta Vista when my black lab/Aussie mix was a little over a year old. Since she was a little pup she's always been the dog that has something wrong with her/gets into something she shouldn't/injures herself by acting crazy.But she's adorable and I love her to pieces... I first came to Alta Vista when a friend recommended them for their hours and reasonable prices. I was living downtown so they were super close.Right away I was impressed with the fact they could get me in that day for my pups broken toe nail. She was in a lot of pain and I knew she need help immediately. The wait was probably about 20 min, which wasn't bad at all. I am not bothered by long wait times at a vet or doctor office. It's not a restaurant people, get over your 'first world problems'. If there's a long wait, assume another creature needs more attention than yours! Jeeze! Anway...The vet tec and vet were both very nice and professional. It turned out Sadie would need a small surgery to remove her toe, as the broken nail was super gnarly. It was expensive, but I wasn't pressured at all and they made me feel very comfortable! I had been to vets before that treated me like a deadbeat loser when I was nervous about prices.They took great care of her, and even let her stay there all day after her surgery as I had to work late.I have taken Sadie back to AV for 2 years now, and I don't even live downtown anymore! I drive clear across town, because they are the only vet I will trust. As long as I'm living in Arizona I will only take my dogs here, and I always recommend them to people looking for a vet!
1	We took our chihuahua puppy here for the normal booster shots and vaccines.  We were also interested in a microchip to help make sure our little friend makes it back home if she is lost.  We were immediately sold a "bundle" of treatments that would protect our 12-week old baby.  The package consisted of two visits and includes a series of two basic vaccines, rabies vaccine, fecal exam, 1-month of heartworm preventative and a respiratory vaccine.  We were able to add a microchip package onto this for a discounted price of $29.During the first visit they did the basic vaccination and inserted the HomeAgain brand microchip.  When they returned with our puppy from the back room we asked for details on how to register our puppy in the pet recovery database.  The girl that was assisting us took the HomeAgain brochure from our welcome kit and started to look it over for registration information.  After a few minutes of reading the brochure, she pointed out that the first year was included in the $29 and there was a $15 registration fee each year thereafter.  We thought this was a pretty raw deal and felt we should have been told this upfront and that they should be more educated in the products/services they offer.  I've had multiple pets chipped and only had to  pay a one-time registration fee that includes free address and phone number updates.  The HomeAgain website uses intimidating language and makes sure you are aware that "an un-registered chip is 100% worthless."  I'd be very surprised if Alta Vista did not get a small percentage of the annual renewal charge.Immediately after our first visit we noticed a foul smell coming from our puppy's ears.  After a little online research, we learned this is common and there are a few basic home remedies that can help control the build-up of the puppy's earwax.  We have been back to the vet since for the second included visit and still have another visit to make since they didn't recommend doing the rabies vaccine along with the other basic vaccination.  They also didn't mention anything about the heartworm treatment so we plan on bringing this to their attention.  In addition to that, our puppy still has an unpleasant odor coming from her ears in addition to visible build-up of ear wax.  We felt they should have seen and/or smelled this during one of her two visits.They still owe us additional services so we will continue to go but after that we will be taking our precious friend to another vet.
4	Took my dog here on a saturday when her regular vet could not get her in.   Rather than rack up hundreds of dollars in tests and X-rays, the vet I saw took a conservative approach to treating my dog's pain, till my regular vet could do a more affordable and comprehensive diagnosis on Monday.   I was able to get in and out quickly, the pricing was upfront and reasonable.   I would even consider making alta vista my regular vet given their clear appreciation for honesty and respect.
4	I went through every pet parent's worst nightmare, a huge emergency with my dog (aka my child). Yes, I'm one of "those" crazy people whose dog is their baby...luckily everyone here understands that. My barely-ten-pounds dog got attacked by a dog five times her size, and it was very, very bad. My maman had been watching her at the time, thought she was already dead when she finally got the other dog to leave her alone, and rushed her to Alta Vista, which is close to her house. They took her back right away and they took wonderful care of my baby, who had multiple puncture wounds on her neck (barely missing a carotid artery), and needed multiple sutures as well as a drain in her back. I took her back to have her sutures removed and they were quick and super, super nice, and understood my worries that she was healing properly, let me show them spots where she was still tender and addressed all my concerns. The medicine they gave her helped immensely and she was back at 100% quicker than I had expected, given how bad her injuries had been. I have worked in the veterinary field and have been to other hospitals I would NEVER recommend, but everyone here was absolutely great taking care of my baby girl and they were so wonderful during this emergency trip.
1	THEY KILLED MY DOG!!!For years we have left our beloved pets here when we go on vacation.  We had an elderly german shepherd and two chihuahuas.  The male and female chihuahuas had a litter together and were very close--like husband and wife.  We notified Alta Vista IN WRITING and verbally that the two chihuahuas should share a cage.  NOT the german shepherd.The young guy that "took" our dogs when we left decided that since they were all from the same family, that he would put ALL of them in the same cage.  A few days later, while in California enjoying our vacation, a gal from Alta Vista called to tell us that during the night the german shepherd had killed the female chihuahua, and when they came in to feed them in the morning, she was dead with punctures in her neck and lungs.I had this little Chi for 10 years and she was my constant companion.  Needless to say, this ruined our vacation, and we came back to claim her little body.  We asked for the manager, and all she could say was "gee we're sorry...we made a mistake."Really?  This is what you do for a living and that's the best you can come up with?!  They offered us nothing but "sorry" and we left with our two remaining dogs, a white styrofoam cooler with a dead dog, and feeling totally unconsoled.  I wouldn't trust this place with any pet for any reason.  I will never get over losing my dog in this manner.
4	I recently moved to Phoenix from the Chicagoland area about 2 months ago. My 7-year-old Lab came with me, of course. As soon as I knew what part of Phoenix I would be living in, I started researching vet clinics, and had actually decided on the one that I would use for my Lab's annual exam and anything else that came up (hopefully nothing). Well, something did happen. Two days ago, my Lab -- who has never in the 5 years since I adopted her has EVER been destructive -- tore into my bathroom garbage. I came home after being gone a couple of hours to find ripped up garbage all over my living room and bathroom. And this was not any garbage -- oh no. It was mainly comprised of *ahem* used tampons and pads. I even had the used Nuvaring in there. All chewed up. She seemed fine; I cleaned up the mess. She was fine the rest of the day and the next day (Sunday). Seemed a-OK Monday morning before I left work. Was eating, pooping, happy. Came home from work Monday evening, and on our walk she started puking. Guess what came up? Tampons. And then tampons and pads. And bile. I hadn't realized she had actually EATEN any of this crap and started freaking out. The tampons had plastic applicators. I didn't know if she'd eaten any of those. I was having a nervous breakdown that the stupid dog had given herself an obstruction. It was already after 6 PM. The vet clinic I had chosen was closed. My options were: a) don't take her in anywhere; b) take her to Alta Vista; c) find a true ER clinic. I called Alta Vista and was told I could bring her in and she would be seen as a "walk-in." The employee did tell me the walk-in appointment fee was $20 higher than a regular appointment -- it would be $65. That was how much I paid for a normal appointment at my clinic back in IL. I took her in.When I got to the clinic, I had to wait a bit, but I didn't have an appointment for one, and I didn't even think the wait was excessive. I'm going to be honest here and say that I did not go into this clinic with high expectations. I have had numerous unpleasant experiences in the past at clinics that allow walk-ins. Usually the vets are pretty crappy and the employees in general are rude.I have to say that I was very pleasantly surprised. The tech was very nice, and I even really ended up liking the vet that came to exam my dog. I am notorious for being extremely picky with vets, and I'll admit to always being leery (I'm so prejudiced!) of male vets. The vet that walked in was a Dr Marsh. He was very thorough and kind, gave my dog a REAL exam, and did not make the situation awkward AT ALL. And we had to speak repeatedly of pads, tampons, and Nuvarings. My Lab received the exam and 3 x-rays. The dr showed me all the x-rays and explained the views and why he felt she would be OK and I should feel comfortable taking her home and just keeping an eye on her. I paid around $200 for everything, which I do feel is reasonable and fair. If this vet is still employed by Alta Vista when Gracie's annual exam time comes, I will take her to see him. I am very lucky this clinic has such insanely great hours and is super close to my apartment.
5	I've been here so many times that I've lost count. I've had 2 pets put down here, adopted one more, and did all the shots and maintenance for 2 more pets. They have the best staff around, and I've worked with many of their doctors and they're all great. They're very accommodating to our weird schedules and last minute appointment requests, and very friendly to our furry friends. It's also very convenient when we can drop off our pets at their grooming salon, and they'll take care of all the shots as well. The only regret is that we had to move out of town so now we're missing Alta Vista.
1	For starters, appointments are meaningless.  I understand some delay in seeing a vet - emergencies happen - but the half-dozen times we brought dogs here, we had appointments every time except for one, and they were always at least a half-hour late in seeing us.  More if you count the time when the appointment "started" because we would wait in the exam room for another 10-15 minutes before the doctor came in.  To make matters worse, the people who worked the desk were completely unapologetic and downright rude most of those times, too.I put up with it because we liked the vet we usually saw there, and while the prices seemed high they were also comparable with other Phoenix vets, I guess (how weighing a dog qualifies for an "exam fee" I'll never understand).  The final straw came when one of our dogs cut his paw fairly badly.Right off the bat, they charged us $60 to inform us that he had been cut (Thanks, doc!)  They wanted to charge us $650 to sedate him and stitch the cut.  They refused to offer any other alternative.  By the time they saw us, the wound had stopped bleeding, and he barely flinched when touched.  Total time they spent with him: 10 minutes.I was outraged, because I knew glue - or at most staples - would do the trick.  I went to another vet and was completely right.  A few days later the wound was completely healed without the use of sedatives and for many hundreds cheaper.(I hate feeling like a cheap skate when it comes to my dog's health, but in this instance I knew I was right - stitches and sedatives were completely over-the-top.  It would be like a doctor prescribing LASIK when all you need is a pair of reading glasses - it would fix the problem but wouldn't be at all necessary.)To make matters even worse, I thought we'd settled up at the desk of the office.  Turns out not, and without getting a phone call from the office, they turned our account over to collections.  Over 60 lousy bucks that they didn't even earn in the first place - we'd been taking our dogs there for more than a year and they couldn't take the time to call us first.
4	I actually give this one more star than I wanted just for the specific vet Dr.Marsh.So,I get home from getting my hair did and my next door neighbor is standing by his car looking a bit flustered.He'd just made an end of life appointment for his 17 year old blind and deaf and in ever and now rapidly decline health Min Pin.I put them in my car and drove them to the vet.Upon check in,the reception staff took care of everything so we could leave quickly once the bridge had been crossed.They put us in a room right away where we waited...and waited...and waited...Finally a tech came in and got the dog prepped.It felt like another eom until the vet came in.When he did,Dr.Marsh was very compassionate,made sure to take a great deal of effort and time to explain the process and what we could expect to witness.He stayed in the room with us for a good deal of time after the dog had passed.I tried to be understanding about the wait at that point.Dr. Marsh,thank you for making a difficult day a little less stressful.
5	This veterinary hospital has saved my cat's life, not once - but twice. About a year ago I adopted a very tiny little kitten (we're talking about feed the kitten a bottle tiny). One day this kitten decided that she was too old for the bottle and bit the rubber top off and ate it. ATE IT. Bad kitty. I made some frantic calls around to various vets, and was told about everything in the world from she is definitely going to die to don't even worry about it. I get it, they haven't seen the kitten so they don't really know. Then, I spoke to Alta Vista. Despite never having visited the hospital before the receptionist put me through to a vet. The vet listened to my story, and told me that while she couldn't be sure without an exam, it sounded like it was safe to wait and see. Turns out, it was! Thank you, Alta Vista, for saving me an unnecessary vet bill. Fast forward about two months: This time my kitten decides to eat a plant that I had no idea was poisonous to cats (after research I have discovered that pretty much everything is poisonous to cats). My sister brings the kitten to the hospital and I meet her there (I was out when I got the phone call from a very panicked sister). My kitten is lifeless. Her eyes are glazed over, she is covered in vomit, she is completely non-responsive. It doesn't look good. The receptionist takes my cat and runs it immediately to the back room - mind you, we had no appointment. The vet assistant, as kindly as possible, warns us that it does not look good, while the receptionist does an online search to try to discover what kind of plant she may have eaten. They give us an estimate for care, while reminding us that we shouldn't feel forced to try treatment (more evidence that kitty was really circling the drain). I'm expecting about a $3000 bill, when they come out with an $800 estimate. Now, $800 is a lot of money, totally. But, my cat looks dead. I mean dead. And, since no one saw kitty eat the plant, they have to rule out potential brain injury from a fall, various poisons, possibly keep her there for days, etc. So all in all, $800 is a relief to me. I give the go ahead. Kitty survives AND the bill ends up being cheaper than the estimate - when does that EVER happen?Four months later: Kitten, now growing into a cat, decides she wants another trip to Alta Vista, so she eats a hairband. The elastic comes apart as she eats it and wraps around the base of her tongue and travels all the way through her intestines to her rectum. Yum. We don't discover all of this of course, until Alta Vista runs tests and x-rays. When we bring her in they remember us immediately, and while I feel like I must look like the worst pet owner ever, the staff offers comfort and kind words. The bill? While pricey - she required surgery that day that included two cuts into her intestine, an overnight stay, and we threw in a spay while they were in there - it was completely appropriate. Here's the thing - sometimes you have to wait a little while for your appointment. I have experienced it when waiting for routine check-ups. But you want to know why you are waiting? Because of people like me and the time it takes for the caring veterinarians and staff to provide emergency care to pets and even stray dogs (last time I was in there someone brought in a stray that was hit by a car and they immediately jumped into action). Is it annoying to wait a little longer? Yes, of course it is. But, that isn't because Alta Vista doesn't care about you or your pet, it's because they care a lot and are trying to provide the best service possible.
4	This past weekend, my wife and I, had the difficult decision to put one of our beloved family members, Lou to sleep.  First off, having a vet office open 7 days a week was very convenient and comforting especially when an emergency occurs during the weekend.  Second, the vet was very affordable especially when they are providing care during what I would consider off-hours (6p on a Saturday).  Third, the staff was very empathetic and easy going during this tough time.  I had such a good experience at Alta Vista I will now begin bringing my other dog's here for their veterinary care.
5	I have brought a few of my pets here for emergencies and they always get the best attention.It started when my cat got run over in the early morning and I was running around all over Phoenix trying to find a vet to see him right away. The only emergency clinic in Phoenix, on Glendale, was busy. The vet couldn't see him. I was recommended this hospital by one of the assistants at the emergency clinic. I took him there and they saw him with some wait time, but understandable. They saved his life. He had to have his leg amputated but they did a great job and he is now healthy and happy, running all over the place. Same goes for my beagle, who caught valley fever. They diagnosed him and put him on medicine pretty quickly. I really appreciate this clinic. The wait can be difficult at times, especially if you have appointments, but they do see emergencies first. Definitely recommend in emergency situations.
4	I found out about this place through the ASPCA. I recently adopted a dog and they were on the list for a free puppy exam. I am a teacher so naturally I am broke so the word free did it for me. The staff was really nice and told me to fill out first time paperwork. The vet was very knowledgeable and went through everything with me. I haven't had any bad experiences since but I did call one night around 9pm because my dog had gotten into something and I wanted to know if I should bring him in. The lady on the phone was very condescending and rude. My dog is like my child so I called in a panic. Instead of making me feel better, she made me feel worse. Ok so it was 9pm but they are open until 10. Other than this incident, they have been great.
5	There's a portion of the population that will find some of the amenities at this pet hospital over the top, and I used to be a part of that population, but when my Riley was really sick, this place just DELIVERED on the comfort factor.I swear he didn't realize we were at a pet hospital until they started poking things up his butt.The waiting room is large, CLEAN, supplies free treats and... has a flat screen tv playing movies for your pup.  No joke.  Seating consists of low benches that are easy for a small dog to get up on so your little pal can lay with you while he's feeling ill.  There are signs offering acupuncture and naturopathic remedies for your animals.  See?  That's the over-the-top factor.  But honestly, this is the best vet I've ever been to.The staff are all super friendly and seem to just have a way with pets. They took me on a walk-in basis after my vet recommended that Riley see someone THAT day (he had an intestinal blockage).  They worked with me to find the most cost-effective way to treat my Riley and didn't push any unnecessary treatments. I hate to do this to my old vet, but I have to make the switch.  This place is just so great.Plus they're open 'til 10 p.m.!!!
1	We found a stray Chihuahua mix that was reasonably healthy. We ran him by my regular vet, North Kennilworth - who I love, to see if he had a microchip but he did not. They were getting ready to close at noon, this was on a Saturday. We brought him home and then noticed that his feet were really red, raw and irritated. We weren't sure if he had mange, ringworm or possibly a burn. So we called Alta Vista since Kennilworth and Central Animal Hospital were closed and made an appt for 6:30 that evening. When we got to Alta Vista we waited for quite a while, maybe 20 minutes, before we were put into an exam room. Then waited another 10 - 15 minutes. A vet tech came in and did not do any type of exam, stood about 4 feet away from the table and just looked at his feet and said he probably has ring-worm. He went on to say that we would now most likely contract ring-worm from the dog. He said they need to run some tests to find out what it is and would go work up an estimate. He was very rude and acted like he was disgusted with this poor little Chihuahua. I had even given him a bath and he was smelling good!Then the vet came in and stood about 3 feet away from the table, would not touch the dog, did no exam what-so-ever and said we'd have to run some tests to see what the issue is. So after another 15 minutes or so, the vet tech came back with the estimate to run some tests. $500. So I said there's no way. They wanted to put him under to take a few skin scrapings from his feet and then test for all kinds of stuff. I've had dogs all my life and this was a scam!! They were trying to get money from us because we were desperate and no other vet was open. We left the exam room and starting walking out the door and the girl behind the counter said we had to still pay for the exam. I said "What exam? They didn't even touch the dog." She said we still have to pay. I said "Too bad, they did not conduct an exam, did not even touch the dog. They just gave us a $500 estimate for crap we don't need. We are not paying for an exam that we did not get."We went to Wag'n Wash and got some spray that gets rid of fungus, ringworm, you name it, it cures it. Vetericyn spray!! By Sunday his feet were better. Monday took him to Central Animal Hospital and she said it looked like a chemical burn and put him on an antibiotic and gave him vaccines, did a thorough exam and it was only $75. Go figure. The dog is doing great now. Very happy, very healthy...ready to be adopted!!SHAME on money hungry Alta Vista!!! I will NEVER go there again.
1	I was refereed to this vet hospital by a friend who works with felines regularly & have actually taken my cat here a couple of times with a satisfactory outcome--- BUT when I brought in my new puppy WHAT A MISTAKE!!! Not only was I over-struck by pressure/guilt to accept every recommended service but it felt like like all these shots & services were recommended to meet some kind of quota on their part & were just trying to increase the cost of my visit.  It seriously was the most uncomfortable experience in a veterinary office. The vet tech also made me feel like I needed all these services because my dog was a rescue not a regulated animal. It made me upset, but honestly I overlooked it & thought maybe I was being over sensitive until I called the office 3 weeks later regarding my documents. Well Now I have been left with no other option but to write this review because of such terrible communication regarding my dogs health & customer service. So to sum it up, the main reason why I am writing this review is because when I called to get further information which wasn't clear on the documents, the receptionist informed me that I should have came in for a booster shot that was never mentioned to me or even listed on the documentation.  After I spoke to the disconcerned manager Peter, asking him why it wasn't on my paperwork & how would I know to perform this booster to insure the first shot would be effective, he had nothing to offer me except that "they were going to perform the booster shot when I went in for the other shots."  Yes there were other recommended shots listed on my paperwork, but they NOT only were just recommendations, but the one shot had nothing to do with the other, nor did I even have a follow up appointment.   This place not only gave me such a uncaring vibe about my pet, but acted completely unprofessional & were unwilling to take any responsibility for their documentation error, nor make up for it in any way.  I even called back asking to speak with another manager with higher credentials, giving them a 3rd chance to give me some satisfaction here-- but that other manger never even called. BIG BOO on this place!
5	Alta Vista has been treating my four legged kids for over 12 years now!  They are the best!  thank you for all that you do for our family!Lisa Rosselli
4	When I'm evaluating a vet, I rate them on their (1) trustworthiness, (2) prices, (3) hours.  This place does well in all three categories.I found them trustworthy because I came in just for a general checkup and to get my dog current on her vaccinations and they didn't try to recommend a lot of additional services or treatments. In fact, when I asked about whether my dog needed her teeth cleaned the vet was honest and told me that my dog could probably go for 1-2 more years without needing a teeth cleaning. She also recommended a good toothpaste with enzymes in it (sold for $8 at the front desk, which I felt was a reasonable price for a large tube that will last me a long time).Prices are very fair. I don't remember exactly how much the office visit was, but certainly less than I've paid at other places.Their hours are awesome. They are open late on weekdays and open on both Saturday and Sunday. great for when something happens to your dog on a weekend, you don't have to wait until Monday to bring them in for treatment.
5	I can't thank Alta Vista enough for the way they took care of my dog Zoey and I on our first visit there. My little Dachsund fell off the bed around 8 pm a couple Thursdays ago and I was worried she might have broken her leg. My normal vet was closed by that time so I gave Alta Vista a call after I found out they were apparently open til 10 pm 7 days a week (seriously?). They did not have any appointments available still but they told me to bring my dog in to see the doctor because they did not want her to be in pain through the night until the next morning when I could see my regular vet. Long story short, Zoey's X-rays were negative and Alta Vista sent us home with some pain meds for Zoey's sore leg. I can't remember the doctor's name but she was so friendly and attentive to my questions as well as the rest of the staff I encountered there. I will now be switching to Alta Vista as my permanent vet because I can rely on them to take care of my four legged loved ones when others cannot.
5	It was a first time I had to take one of my pups to the hospital and it was extremely serious. The staff and doc took great care of my little one and was awesome about communicating everything to us. The doc was great about personally calling and then also following up 2 weeks after. I would recommend taking your animal here.
5	Five stars? Yes. Because all I know is that when I took my dearest darling baby in he was in pain, and two days later he was normal again. Leo, my sweet Maine Coon, started making weird licking-the-air motions and was drooling...that's not ok. I was (inwardly...ok and a little outwardly) freaking out.  After trying to locate a place with extended hours in the 'hood (thank you handy dandy Yelp app!) 30 minutes later me and hubby took our "little one" (he's not even slightly little) to the Alta Vista Vet Hospital. I think we sat in the waiting room about 20-30 minutes. So we spent that time letting Leo get acquainted with his surroundings. We were then ushered into an exam room, Leo walked around, didn't seem too upset about the ordeal and waited maybe another 5-10 minutes for his exam. Which went awesomely. They are so good with kitties! I mean, sure, some of the credit has to go to his parents who raised him to be so respectful of people who are trying to help him...but I digress.Turns out the poor baby had a back tooth fall out and it was looking swollen and raw. Since kitties can't really lick their back teeth, he was trying to massage it by licking outward (isn't he clever?!) They gave us pricing and estimates for dental work, gave Leo a time-released pain killer shot and gave us liquid antibiotics to keep him from getting a nasty infection of the tooth.  She (the vet) said if he gets better in the next couple of days it isn't anything to worry about, but if not, he may need to get an extraction done...and probably a cleaning.This was on a Friday at 7 or 8 pm. By Monday our sweet, goofy boy was back to his old shenanigans (teasing his bratty sister and running rampantly through the house), no more air licking, no more plaintive mewling like "Yo! This feels bad! Whatcha gonna do to help a brother out, Mom?!", and the world is a little bit brighter again.
5	I have to say that I am so thankful for this vet's office. My 5lb chihuahua was bitten by a dog over 10 times her size at 9pm and I was so terrified and didn't know what to do. Alta Vista was the second place I called in a panic (called one slightly closer but they were closed) and I was so thankful that their office stays open until 10pm. When I got there, they reassured me that  because she was at least stable that she would be seen soon. I was too flustered to remember the name of my veterinarian but she was absolutely wonderful. I wish I could give her credit here! My dog was in total panic mode and she was so gentle with her and took as much time as needed to calm her down for the initial exam. She even tried to calm me down from tears once Minnie was all taken care of. Minnie is safe at home now and recovering. This vet's hospital is fantastic and I would recommend them to anyone.
5	I've twice been to Alta Vista, once for a routine 'MY LITTLE ANGEL HAS A COUGH!' check up and once, unfortunately, for an emergency. In addition to their great hours, their front desk staff has always been friendly and helpful in setting up appointments, answering questions, and discussing where I might find the cheapest price on my dogs' prescriptions.I saw Dr Capozzi on my first visit and, when my emergency rolled around a few months later, I asked if she was available to treat my dog because she had some familiarity with him. Unfortunately, she was working nights but Dr Peterson was in the office. I can't give enough kudos to Dr Peterson for the way she handled my situation. In retrospect, while it was an urgent matter, my dog probably wasn't having the kind of immediate emergency that vets regularly deal with. Still, Dr Peterson didn't blow off my reactions and, frankly, really took control. I appreciate that she listened to me explaining all the details I could share (probably numerous times) and explaining the process to me.  My dog ended up staying with their clinic for a day and I never worried that he wasn't cared for. When I visited him that evening, a tech came in and shared an abundance of data with me and really seemed to be familiar with my dog, rather than just reading off a chart. I was able to take him home the next day and received follow up calls from their office, including one direct from Dr Peterson, inquiring about my dog's recovery. On top of all this, I'll say the price is typical there which, for their service, is a steal. As good as it gets, indeed.
5	Great staff.   Hours of operation are incredible open really late.  Great place to bring your sick pet.
5	I am grateful that when my mini-schnauzer Max got very sick and quickly needed a splenectomy, the Alta Vista staff, from the front desk personnel to vet techs (a special shout out to Jason! He was nice and professional, and gentle with my baby Max) to the vets who saw Max--Drs. Ballard, Capozzi and Marcus, respectively, all made us feel welcome. I called for updates on Max right after his surgery, and everyone who got on the phone, was polite, courteous and warm. They did not act as if they were rushing to get off the phone with me. Alta Vista also offers alternative medicine options, such as Oriental medicine, nutrition, acupuncture-all good things to know, and which I will definitely consider, if my Max needs it (as part of his healing process).Did I mention that we are from out of town??? Max became critically ill one weekend while I was attending a special class in Phoenix. My teenage daughter and our family friend had called several vet places that would be open on s Sunday at 6 p.m. and finally got to the 4, 5th clinic that was actually open-- you got it, Alta Vista. I have a very good veterinarian back in our town, but I can confidently say that if and when we are in Phx again ( which we are, quite often), I know which vet clinic to trust and go to to take care of my furry loved ones.
5	My drama queen dog giving me panic attacks yet again. She had been scooting for about a week but I didn't think much of it since she has never had an issue with expressing and has only had her anal glands expressed once as part of a comprehensive exam (and they didn't even end up having to do it, because the second they got remotely close to her butt, she freaked out and did it herself, all over the poor tech. Charming, I know.) All of a sudden she is crying, whining, constipated, won't even let me hold her, and her tummy is harder than usual. I try to get a look at her backside (the joys of dog parenthood) and can feel that her glands are definitely full and possibly impacted. I, of course, assume the worst and am imagining $5000 vet bills for ruptured glands/something else causing the issue/who knows what. I checked Alta Vista's hours (still open til 10 PM! YAY) and called to see how busy they were, and was told they were pretty cramped but to come in as a walk-in. They were lovely yet again when we showed up and Lucy didn't even need to see the vet - she was in and out with one of the techs in a short amount of time and came back to the waiting room a new dog after having her VERY full glands expressed. She has been her happy self since. The damage was under $20 and they were quick and nice as ever. We love Alta Vista!
5	They have the most caring staff here. They never think I'm overreacting when I am concerned about either of my cats.  They treat us like apart of their family and even call us a few weeks later to see how were doing.  I have never found a place a good as this one. I recommend this place for anyone and everyone from regular visits to emergencies. The front staff is always my favorite because they engage you in conversations and are always very happy to help or just to chat if you call with a concern.
5	During a terrible time I was so grateful for this hospital. They were open late, compassionate, patient, and reasonably priced. Dr. Burke and the staff treated my cat with respect and kindness while being honest with her prognosis and providing alternative options.
5	Went in on an emergency basis, Sunday morning 7am - doors open. 1st star: sat down place was nice, including spacious rooms; 2nd star; treated my dog with care, while ruling out all that could be wrong with him; 4th star.  We will definitely be returning. Achieved 5 stars... He went to the doggie daycare
5	I never thought that I could care so much about a tiny little dog! After finding our little Italian greyhound with the dreaded broken leg, we raced her to our regular trusted, veterinarian that we had been frequenting for years. It was near closing hours and they  splinted her, gave her some pain medication and informed us that they could do nothing else for her. They told us that they could not operate on her, nor could they manage her pain overnight. I put in a desperate call to Italian Greyhound Rescue and they reminded me that Alta Vista (right in my neighborhood) had extended hours. I was so concerned about getting her the best care. The front desk team and owner of the clinic greeted us and put us at ease right away. The vet technicians were very gentle and compassionate to her. We knew that they truly felt for how serious the situation was. I was a very complicated break and she would need a very good orthopedic surgeon. The doctor that read the X-rays to us explained everything in great detail. They helped us decide on the best options to keep her comfortable and calm overnight until we could find a surgeon. They even allowed my husband to go home and get her bed and blanket so she could feel less afraid. Because she only weighs 6 pounds, we had some concerns over how much and what type of pain relief she would receive and again all of our concerns were addressed with lots of details to keep us informed. They even gave us a number to call into overnight to check on her well being.In the morning when we went  to pick her up, she was alert and pain free. The team at Alta Vista kept the port for her IV in her other leg and even sent her pain management drip bag with her so that they would not have to poke her again at the surgeons office and we would not have to pay for another bag. In a hectic and emotionally draining situation, the team at Alta Vista was a comforting, caring resource. We feel we got the best veterinary care in our Phoenix neighborhood at a very fair price for our treasured pet. Thank you so much guys!
5	I first took my border collie mix to Alta Vista to be spayed. They took such good care of her. The staff was friendly, timely, and informative. There was an issue with the price of the medication and they worked to find me alternatives that would help bring the price down. I then brought her back for updates on all her shots and some light grooming. I received phone calls from the doctors asking me questions and giving me information. But Alta Vista has been great even after I moved out of town. They were kind enough to contact another kennel and provide confirmation of her vaccinations, when I was unable to locate a copy. I highly recommend you give them a try.
1	Very Strange experience with Alta Vista.  Brought my dog to Alta after I found him passed out near dead after returning home from work one evening.  The staff immediately responded and ran some tests.  After some time and $400 later,  they could find nothing wrong with him.  Nothing wrong other than the fact that he was near death.  The best thing they could come up with was he was either hit by a car.  (not sure how that could happen as he is either in my apartment or on a leash near my side) or maybe he got into poison.  Really?  I cannot remember having any poison scattered around my apartment..  Or maybe he ate a poisoned house plant.  Sorry, I have one bamboo plant that is not poisonous.  They suggested running more tests, confident that he would be okay,  until they learned that I was out of funds.  Then the conversation turned to putting my dog down.  Really?  There is hope until the funding runs out then there is nothing that can be done.  I really wonder how much this hospital would have extracted from me if I had the money.  People are willing to spend any amount of money to save their pet and I would have too if I had the means.  Either there is hope to save an animals life or there is not.  It should not depend on how much money one has.  I do not expect anyone to work for free.  I could have taken a withdrawal from my 401K if needed but by that point the hospital was being "honest" with me and advised putting my dog down.  My warning is be careful with this place.  They seem to me more compassionate to the customers wallet than to the animal.
5	My poor little Harley, has to get a few shots and had some bladder issues, the vet was so nice to my cat, and keep on mind Harley dislikes everyone but me, sadly for me he bit the vet and the groomer when I was there, but they took good care of him and I  glad he is feeling much better
5	I have had pets my entire adult life and Alta Vista is up there with best quality care. Dr. Hendricks (not sure if I spelled that right) is one of the most compassionate animal care providers I have ever met. I adopted a new chihuahua from the shelter almost 2 weeks ago and took her to Alta Vista for a wellness check. Days later, I took her back when she started showing signs of what I thought to be an upper respiratory infection. Both visits, Dr. Hendricks was kind, thorough, and did not rush me out. He took his time with my new baby and answered ALL of my questions. The appointments were toward the end of the night due to my work schedule but that didn't impact the care I received at all. Dr. Hendricks was sweet and compassionate toward my chihuahua, petting her and calming her down when she was shaking nervous. It shows that he loves what he does! His demeanor is very soothing. It turns out that she has pneumonia and will need to come back to Alta Vista a few more times. Even when I started crying in the room, Dr. Hendricks showed the most compassion, took his time, repeated himself for me, made sure I understood warning signs, and assured me I could call any time with questions. He personally called back the next day to ask how my dog was feeling, which I thought was so great. The staff was pretty great, too. Accommodating my requests for same-day, late night appointments. I was there a long time and it was already closing time but they did not hurry me out and were very thorough. The pricing is very fair, compared to other animal hospitals I had been to. With my previous dog ownership experience, I have never paid so little for an X-ray before. They were honest about the pricing the whole time, too. Making sure I understood what it would cost and getting my permission before starting treatments I couldn't afford. Great, great animal care provider.  I will be back for the next few weeks with my sick pup and feel much less anxious knowing she is in Dr. Hendricks' care.
5	I brought my boxer mix Max here a couple days ago for a skin infection/irritation. First of all they are open 7 days a week and you don't have to pay for an emergency visit on a Sunday! This worked great with my schedule. They were very flexible and even changed my appointment twice in the same day because I had car trouble. The staff was all very friendly and explained everything great! My dog loved them and had a big smile on his face the whole time. His skin cleared up within 2 days :) thank you guys!
5	The only vet office my dogs actually enjoy going to.I like the fact that they're open 7 days a week, 15 hours a day.  Because they're open so much, I usually get different staff every time, but they've all proven to be caring, articulate, compassionate, friendly, honest, and professional.The wait times have been fairly short, and I find the pricing to be fair and reasonable.  The vets are honest, detailed, and up-front with pricing before service.  My first visit, had a little initial sticker-shock when they showed me the estimate.  But, it turned out to be unfounded fear.  They like to follow what I'd call "worst case scenario" estimating and put every possible item/scenario/issue that might occur, plus adding all the optional stuff just so you can see and decide after.  My true bills have ranged about half the estimate, plus they've thrown in freebies for some required services and some optional items that I declined.Highly recommend.  And, it doesn't matter if you go to Alta Vista, but definitely take your pets in for check-ups and especially dental care.  Trust me, you'll save you and your pet pain and expenses if you keep up with their health.
4	My dog has been under their care for the past 3 years.  What initially drew me to them were their great hours.  They are open 7 days a week, 15 hours a day!  My dog happened to become ill on a Thursday and it progressed rapidly until she was near death on Saturday night.  I knew she wouldn't make it another night and fortunately found that Alta Vista was open on a Sunday.  I was able to get her in to see a vet and wasn't even charged an emergency fee...just a regular visit.  Well the awesome vet on staff, wrote down 2 predictions as to what was wrong with her based on her symptoms (kidney failure or Addison's disease). After one night of hospitalization, the tests confirmed she had Addison's disease.  The vet was right!  Since then,  I drive my dog once per month, the hour drive to Phoenix, to get her a very reasonably priced injection. The thing I am most grateful for is the speedy diagnosis. I've heard total nightmarish experiences of vets not diagnosing Addison's disease right away.  This poor lady once related to me that she spent a couple of thousand dollars trying to find out what was wrong with her dog...and after one visit to Alta Vista..they diagnosed Addison's disease.  I am so fortunate that she was diagnosed right away, treated, and was feeling 100 percent better the next day!! amazing! The nice vet even followed up with a phone call to check on my dog's condition the next day after bringing her home.  So unheard of and very much appreciated!I trust this place completely and would highly recommend them!!CONS:  They go through vets like I change my underwear.  You will never get the same vet for very long.  They always leave...maybe due to the longer hours. Very sad situation for owners/pets needing ongoing care.
5	Our chihuahua ripped open a bag of chocolate protein shake and we called Alta Vista. The lady was SO KIND and informative over the phone. We were able to bring him in with a stomach full of peroxide and fortunately he threw up all the powder.
5	I could talk about this place all day. I have had to use Alta Vista several times since being in phoenix (from scottsdale). I cannot stop raving about how amazing every single person is who works there. The front desk receptionists are all so incredibly friendly and so kind. I had take. My dog,Gizmo, in after noticing he was squinting his left eye. The first time I took him in and they ran their tests and gave me eye drops and asked me to come back in two days. I took him back in and was thinking everything was all good. Dr. Ballard told me she was afraid that the object in his eye was still possibly lodged in his eye but was not positive. But the way she spoke and handled Gizmo, I knew that she knew what she was talking about and not just trying to get me to spend money. She was a very sweet lady and a great doctor! Gizmo was referred to a specialist and had to have immediate eye surgery. Had it not been for Dr. Ballard I probably would not have taken him and he could have lost his eye (I thought maybe the object will come out naturally). Due to their knowledge and kindness I knew I could trust them and they helped save my dogs vision. I will use Alta vista know matter where I live because they are wonderful people who truly love animals and are there to help and make both of you (human and animal) feel comfortable. Also their prices are amazing!!
3	I have two parts to my very long review.... 1) Service... I was thoroughly impressed with the vet and vet tech.  Both were very nice and it was obvious they actually cared about my pets.  I had my dog and cat with me and the vet tech took extra care of my cat since she is still a bit scared of my dog and she didn't like the new space.  I really appreciated the fact they offered to let me borrow a cat carrier to transport my cat to and from the appt.  I picked it up a few hours before my appt and that was great!  2) Price... I went in to have a newly adopted kitten spayed and my dogs teeth checked since she is destroying them by chewing through her cage from her separation anxiety.  During the exam they were pretty careful to not quote me prices and the vet kept telling me that I will get a quote at the end.  I chalked it up to her just not knowing the cost, which is no big deal.  At the end, the vet tech came back with printed quotes for the spaying for my cat and another one for the teeth cleaning and tooth extraction for my dog.  Cat spaying was $505.30... they included optional fees such as vaccines and microchipping.  Still would be about $300+ for the spaying.  Dog teeth cleaning (with 2 teeth extraction) was $667.00... no optional fees.  I didn't know what the costs would be so I scheduled the cat spaying for Monday but waited on the teeth cleaning.  I got home and told a friend (who has had several cats) who laughed at me and said I am being ripped off and that was outrageous.  So I called a bunch of other vets and found spaying could be done for less than half that price and even under $50 at some clinics that offer "low fee services".  While I don't want to go the route of the super low fee, I don't want to pay hundreds of extra dollars when not needed.  While I enjoyed the staff and clinic, I just can't afford to throw away so much money.  Sucks too because I have made several donations to this clinic for vet work on rescued dogs for a local shelter and now I wonder why that shelter is using such an expensive vet.  :-(
1	SHAME ON YOU !!!!!REALLY .. My 1year old German ShepherdWas playing in the back yard when she Came crying inside shaking and throwing upI looked and you could see that she was stung in the mouth tongue area by something still not sure what did it. So I gave her a Benadryl knowing that would help with the allergic reaction she was going threw then I called Alta Vista I told them wear she was swollen at and he said Michael that fir me to hurry and bring her in I asked the price because it was Sunday he said $45.00 so long story short . Brought her in and they said office visit $60.00 and they needed to sedate her to remove the stinger of what ever did the stinging and give her a steroid shot ... Grand total $200.00OMG .. really right before Christmas ..Shame on you Alta Vista.. I explained that I gave her a Benadryl before going there and that I wasn't going to pay for the services And said that I was told $45.00 not $60.00 For office visit . SHOOT SOMEONE NEEDED Christmas money ..I ended up paying the $45.00 after letting them know I was quoted that price and brought home my dog she's perfect let fine .. Thanks Alta Vista for trying to swindle more money . It's Christmas you shouldn't have even charged me .. MERRY CHRISTMAS  BAH HUMBUG ... I guess it was $45.00 for 5 min . Rip off ..
