1	Melissa....1) Is rude/unprofessional2) Does not respond in a timely manner to questions/concerns3) Does not communicate effectively (provides one word answers)4) Will not refund your money if you are dissatisfied with her servicesWe should have been more careful from the beginning....During our initial conversations/communications with Melissa we felt that she was very short/rude/unprofessional.  Unfortunately she has the only Shiba rescue in the area that we are aware of.... so we decided to pursue an adoption with her anyway.We paid Melissa a $250 adoption fee and brought a Shiba home with us.  After a week of the dog attacking me, my girlfriend and our other dog (she would charge our dog and aggressively attack him without being provoked), we realized that the dog was not going to be a good fit for our home.   While this was occurring, we made several calls to Melissa.  She almost never answered her phone and she was untimely in her responses.  Email communication with Melissa was also poor at best.  She often responds to questions with one word answers and her tone is consistently rude.After bringing the dog back we asked her to find us another Shiba for our home.  She sent us one picture of a Chihuahua/Shiba mix within a few days and we let her know that we were not interested.  During the following month we received no unsolicited status/communication with Melissa.  We queried her a few times during the month for updates - each time we were met with an unprofessional attitude...After dealing with her rude/unprofessional attitude for this long, we decided to request a full refund.  Unsurprisingly, we were again met with an unprofessional attitude....Response to our request for a refund:"Adopting a rescue dog is not like going to a store, buying jeans, deciding they don't fit right and returning them for full refund.  You were told up front there was no refund and you will not be receiving one."I would not recommend this business to my worst enemy....
1	Melissa is very rude and unprofessional. I initially spoke with her about getting a dog several months before we ended up addopting a different dog. Our intention was to get a playmate for our current Shiba Inu. We were worried as some shiba's can be very aggressive, we wanted to make sure that we got the right fit. In conversation she was always very short and nonspecific with her answers. When talking about the other dog I asked her "if this doesn't work out can we return the dog and get a refund". She sent me an e-mail with a two word response..."of course". Several months later when we adopted a dog from her we weren't told any differently yet a receipt that read "non-refundable" was slipped into the dogs paperwork. I was suprised that she didn't have any intention of introducing the dogs before we took the new one home. With a rescue, I thought that the resuce would be concerned with the welfare of the animals they would be adopting out. She told us that we couldn't bring our dog ot her house/ the rescue because it might upset the other dogs. She also had no intrest in coming to our home to make sure it would be appropriate. When we got to her home we realized that she had a large frenced in yard full of shibas and Akitas. She mentioned that most of these dogs were her dogs. My thought is that she may be more of a puppy mill and is trying to adopt out the altered dogs that she gets in because they do her no good. She also makes a little money off of the process...especially with a one day turn around.The dog that we had addopted had been dropped off the same day and Melissa knew very little about her. The dog ended up being very aggressive and attacked my dog several times. She turned our household upside down and had to be returned. We called and  e-mailed Melissa several times and didn't get a response for several days. Finally she responded and we brought the dog back. At that point we hoped to get another dog. Melissa had no intention of contacting us again. We sent her several e-mails and it was like pulling teeth to get a response. She once offered to get us a Shiba Inu/ Chiuaua mix. We asked for a refund and she sent us a rude e-mail letting us know that that was not going to happen.I would like to warn anybody against using this rescue. Adopt a dog that needs a home from the humane society.
