5	Love this place. Staff & owner are wonderful and all very knowledgable and professional.
2	I would like to say that I emailed my concerns to the owner 2-3 weeks ago without a response AND I posted on the "reviews" section on their FB.  Finally I received a comment on FB saying someone would be back to be soon, tomorrow at the latest.  That was a week ago so here I am.  I feel I've given them ample time and they are choosing not to address the issues and they have deleted our concerns from their FB page.First, I will say that their bulbs have always been good and we get a quality tan.  That is the only positive thing I can say about the Surprise location.  Their location on Bell and 63rd (I think) is the complete opposite, very clean and a very friendly staff.My husband and I have been tanning here for 3 or 4 years at the Surprise location.  In April of this year we noticed that things were going downhill.  The overall cleanliness is poor, there is shelving ripped off the walls and not replace, clothes hooks ripped off the walls, some beds have music, some don't, etc.  Most recently bed one was down for a month.  We were told that someone used the wrong tanning lotion and they were waiting on a cleaner...for a month?  Meanwhile we are forced to wait for a bed and if bed one was working, that would be lessened.  Obviously the owner doesn't care, that is clear with his lack of attention to these issues and it is a shame.Tanners beware, the Surprise location is the ugly red-headed step child.  You will pay all the money at Celebrity, which is fine, but you will not receive high-end service or accommodations.
1	Surprise is the ghetto salon! So my friend Lucille (who said she was some kind of manager) promised to get things fixed "for me" back in October.  Ummm, yea you guessed it, nothing has been repaired or cleaned for that matter.  How hard is it to clean, or replace a shelf that has been torn out of the wall?They also blocked me from their Facebook because they couldn't handle me questioning them as to why have such little pride in their Surprise store.Dumb!
1	Sitting here waiting to tan because 10 is down yet again!  Last time it was down for 8 weeks and it's been down for two so far this time.  I pay the same amount each month even though 25% of my level of beds are down.  That's a win win for Mike who doesn't give a crap and has yet to return a phone call!  The poor girls who work here take all the heat from mad customers.  Awesome way to do business.
5	Best place for tanning. Everyone is so friendly!!!
