5	Tanger Outlets immediately reminded me of Fashion Island in Orange County (minus the ocean views, of course).  It is modern, clean, and has a nice selection of popular stores.The one big difference would be the price-point.  I don't know if it is due to the grand opening or not, but there are 50%+ off sales to the left and right.  Yes, the prices are probably inflated a bit before applying the discount, but there are still some really good finds.  I scored some Banana Republic jeans for only $35 each and some of their graphic t-shirts for only $7.So, the sales are creating a sort of Black Friday effect.  People are rushing left and right to find deals.  The parking scenario is horrible as the entrances aren't adequate for the amount of cars coming in.  The traffic control personnel are incompetent with directing traffic and belligerently yell at people in their cars as if we are in freaking NYC or something.  It's possible that Hurricane Sandy forced them to leave their jobs as New York cabbies to come here for work, which would further account for their unwarranted hostility toward reasonable human beings.Tanger is going to continue to pull the southwest Phoenix crowd in as well as draw many of the people who traditionally go to the Arrowhead vicinity.  It may also have a positive effect on Westgate as a whole as its strategic placement will allow Cardinals and Coyotes fans to pass through on their way to or from a game.In all, I recommend checking it out and I will probably be a regular.8/31/13 update: The parking situation has now been resolved and the traffic has died down significantly.
4	I recently heard about the opening of Tanger Outlets, and wanted to go check it out.  Being that it's the holiday season, I figured the sooner I checked this place out, the better off I would be in knowing what their stores are like and trying to avoid the huge crowds.Tanger has tons of great shops that have moved in here, and I was really impressed with the selection.  Polo, Coach, White House Black Market, and a ton of other shops, the selection is impressive.  Parking is ample, and there's a great variety of things to do here.My only complaint about the place is there's no food area here. Nothing.  Not even a starbucks! I think I saw a Wendzel's pretzels, no food options! I was starving when I was done walking around here, and figured that there had to be something to eat or drink while I was here. Not a thing!  There was a hot dog cart and a chicken truck, but no food!I ended up going across the street to Westgate to eat instead, but hopefully they get a food place or two in here like a starbucks or something. Aside from that, this place is pretty cool, and I will probably be back in the future.
4	No more driving to Anthem for me. Well maybe one day I will to compare prices of the two outlets, but on my first trip there it seems the deals here are as good. The traffic is not the best, but this has to be great for business in the area. No food is also another issue, but it is very close by. Will make this my primary shopping spot from here on out. If visiting may want to consider taking the exit south of Glendale, I believe Bethany Home, to avoid "some" of the traffic congestion.
5	Had a blast this morning checking out the Grand Opening Deals!  Loved that I could find coupons for the stores on-line and print them off.  It was really awesome that many of the stores were handing out Grand Opening Coupons at the door!  I went with my two kids and they are little so I was very thankful that they had people organizing the parking to keep it extra safe!  They have some great kids clothing outlets in Gymboree and Carters, plus a ToysRUs Express and another toy store that I had to drag the kids out of.  They did really well at the stores so we were a little disappointed the change machines weren't working.  I also would have love to have more of the eateries open as the line for Pretzels was very long.  All in all I love the stores offered and the extra measure towards safety they took.
3	I went to these outlets on opening weekend and I thought it was just alright. To get in was a nightmare...the traffic was backed up forever despite there being tons of open parking spaces because they had traffic directors that slowed the traffic. The outlets were alright, but the selection was nothing special. I think these outlets are pretty on par with other outlets in the area.
4	This place was very much needed in this part of Glendale to save the area and bring some more people back after the fizzle of hype that has been drained from Westgate. I was surprised when I rolled back into town and saw the outlet mall as I previously lived at Westgate and remember nothing but the huge parking lot.  Nice stores, good prices, but lacking a food court.  Your basic outlet stores (CK, NIKE, jewelry stores, etc) so nothing too special but decent prices.  I bought four CK shirts for the price of when one would've costed originally.  Hopefully it continues to bring people back to Westgate and bring some business back!
4	Came with a friend on Black Friday after all the nut jobs went home to nap and it was worth the wait. Great deals, great stores, beautiful location. Parking was a little dicey however that's expected on Black Friday. Love love loved the H&M store! Great to have a Polo store, Hilfiger, Coach, Izod....so many choices. No need to go up to Anthem or out to AZ Mills anymore! The West Valley finally has some good shopping! Just keep in mind--not all the stores are "outlet priced". My only complaint is that there is no food court! It would be the PERFECT SPOT for a little coffee shop (NOT STARBUCKS--too many of those as it is), or burger shop or something. All there is is one little lonely pretzel stand...big whoop. So Tanger--get some food in your Outlet and you will be PERFECT! Luckily, Westgate has some good selections and is a a small walk nearby.
1	Was excited to hear that new "premium" outlet stores had opened in Glendale (101 Freeway @ Glendale). We waited for the Black Friday shoppers to go home and get some sleep before venturing the 45 miles from home to check them out.  But first, I checked their website to see what their hours were, get directions, etc.  I actually thought it was considerate of them to list the Arizona Cardinals "Game Days" being they're located right by the University of Phoenix stadium. HOWEVER...we got there to find that THIS game day was not listed (Sun, Nov 25th)!  And guess what ~ they were charging $10 to park at the outlets, because those attending the game might park there, taking up all the free parking, and then walk over to the game. Didn't matter that we were there only for the outlet stores. But to make nice, we were given a coupon to redeem at the Service Center for a book of coupons that FAR exceeded the $10 charge to park. B...S... ~ NOT HAPPY AT ALL!  And we were later to find out we weren't the only ones! So we track down the Service Center only to find a line of people that had been waiting for 25 minutes to get their wonderful coupon book.  After scanning the coupons (of another shopper who was not happy about the parking fee), we found that the coupons were for 15% off a purchase of $100 or more, and not all stores at the outlets were represented.  Well, I wasn't impressed by the selection of stores to warrant me EVER going back there.  It takes me just about as long to go to the stores at Anthem.Now, I gave this whole situation some thought as I stewed about it for quite a while! First of all, I re-checked their website to make sure I didn't miss something, only to confirm that the day of our visit was not listed as a game day, nor was there anything about a $10 parking fee for that day. But then as I thought more about it, I thought, of course not!  They are not going to let people know about the fee because the shopper will not visit that day; only the people attending the game. Thus, they will be losing out on the sales revenue. And then the more I thought about, I thought, "So, are they going to be charging people to park every time there's an event at the stadium?" And I have to conclude the answer is YES.  So beware outlet shoppers!  It's going to be a flip of a coin whether or not you're going to have to pay for parking.  BTW...the stores there...not so premium.
1	We were excited to find out this outlet mall was opening.  Unfortunately, the developers did a very poor job in designing the parking lot.  We were directed to park behind the buildings in a row that paralleled the interstate. We loaded everybody up, including the stoller and a senior citizen family member - but found ourselves unable to walk to the mall because there were no sidewalk paths created in the sandy areas separating parking lot rows.
5	Love it! Its sooo awesome & i could not be happier that i live 7miles away!! So nicely done!! Now i dont have to go to anthem anymore :)
3	Kudos to Glendale for landing these outlets!  So nice that I don't have to drive all the way to Anthem.   I love that this location offers a JCrew, Banana Republic, Lucky Brand, and H&M stores!  I also like that it's outdoor (perfect for Arizona).  Couple of downsides I want to forewarn folks about:1.  Parking is poorly planned.  Getting in and out of the outlets is a MESS!  I will have to make a few more trips in order to give you all helpful tips to manage that parking fiasco - sorry.   2.  The Customer Service Center offers a coupon booklet for $10.  I noticed that most coupons in the book  are 10-20% off required spend of $100-$250 (in one store).  I'm usually not buying that kind of quantity in multiple stores, so I didn't get the value out of the coupon book.3.  No place to eat.  When we visited (as of Nov. 26th) - I only saw a Wetzels Pretzels - with a line looping down 10 stores.   There are plenty of vending machine's but no place to grab a quick bite to eat.   (I guess if you are willing to walk 1/4 mile over to Westgate - you'll be ok -- but sometimes I need a quick energy boost :)In short, I'm glad to welcome these outlets to the West side of town :)
3	Been to this mall a couple times after Thanksgiving for some Christmas shopping.  The layout is fairly geometric, nothing special.  There is a gas firelplace area near the center, but usually very crowed.I do not believe most stores in the "Outlet" malls really deliver the consumer any great savings.  For example, bought a Star Wars toy for my Grandson at the Toys R Us for $13.99, the next day, I found it in Target for $11.99 and in the actual big box TRU for $12.99.  Took the one I bought back to the Outlet TRU.However, the Puma store seems to have very nice sale prices, was very satisifed there.The Fossil store prices were exactly the same as what you find on the Fossil website.Basically, know your prices before shopping in an Outlet mall.  The only advantage I see for this mall is that it is just another mall providing additional retail stores nearby.
3	About 2 rows of stores.  I guess it's a good start.  however, there were only a couple of places to eat and if I'm not mistaken, a Chines place and a pretzel place.  No food court.  That's a big bummer.  It's one of those covered out doors outlet.  Very nice for this time of year but it'll still be pretty dang hot in the summer, even with misters, which I'm assuming they  have.There is an H&M which is cool but I didn't stop by there ... waaay to many people. I'll spend more time there after the Christmas crowd dies off a bit.
3	Came here opening weekend. Parking was ridiculous like a car accident waiting to happen. When shopping I was not impressed by the shops since they were not all outlet prices. I would go back maybe for michael khors. I still like anthem outlets better and last chance. Not worth the drive. On the other head the outlet is brand new and the bathrooms are nice :)
3	Near the freeway. No food court, but the bathrooms are new and clean. Shops are decent but these are one of those outlets where everything is not an outlet. Go if you are on your way to a cards game :)
3	I was really surprised that they placed Tanger Outlets right next to Westgate. Usually outlet malls are kind of isolated which helps to prevent heavy traffic. We ended up parking across the street in Westgate and walked over to avoid the traffic mess that was going on in the parking lot. There were way too many people here which is why I prefer the Outlets of Anthem. Whenever I go to the one in Anthem, there's hardly anyone there and no long lines. Also, there are no food courts at Tanger. I guess they want you to go across the street to Westgate? That's kind of a hassle though if you're thirsty or just want a quick snack while you're shopping.The plus here is that they have Michael Kors, otherwise Anthem has all of the stores that I want. Since they're both about the same distance from me, I'll stick to Anthem and shop in peace. Also, the deals are exactly the same at both locations because they depend on the stores not the mall.
1	I'm really pissed they charge $10 for parking just because there is a cardinals game. I dont care about the damn game. I just want to shop. Ridiculous! !
1	Waste of time. I could not even get in there today because there was a football game. The wanted me to pay $10 just to park. How stupid is that! 2 days before Christmas. I noticed all the prices were the same and somtimes more than any other mall. Goobye and good riddens. I have better things to do with my time and money.
1	wanted to shop there today!!!!but they were charging 10$ to park all because it was game day!!!!!whats that got to do with me shopping!!!!! will never go here again,rather drive 30 miles to anthem than pay for parking.The whole point of an outlet is to save money right!!!The city of Glendale better think of something fast or this outlet wont have any business.
1	If I could give no stars I would. Mandatory $10 parking on game days is the ultimate insult and rip off. And the attendants taking the money are rude and surly. You'll feel like you are dealing with the mafia, which isn't far from the truth. I feel bad for the retail stores stuck in their contracts with this hell-hole. Do yourself a favor and drive up to Anthem or wait until the Premium Outlets in Chandler open in a few short months.I was worried Tanger Outlets in Glendale would put the Anthem Outlet out of business. I'm not worried anymore.Probably the biggest business fail in Phoenix for 2012.
4	Came here the Friday morning after Christmas, and it wasn't too busy.  Parking wasn't an issue at all.  I like the layout and early store offerings.  Although several spaces have yet to open, they look to be ready soon.  I found some decent prices at  Just Sports and a few shoe stores too.  This place is worth a shot in place of the long drive to the other Outlets around the Valley.
3	This sis way out of my 'hood, but I wanted to check out the Outlets opening weekend. Parking was not the worst, but what they had their staff directing didn't really make sense. It didn't take me too long to find a spot, though my friend I met up with parked across the way at Westgate which was easier. It was pretty crowded giving it was the day after Black Friday. Just browsing, there wasn't too much that caught my eye. I did notice, like others, that there is a severe lack of food venues, and the line for the pretzel place was out the door because of this. The prices were I did end up buying a  few things were worth it, but I can't say I'd make the drive out there unless I was desperate.
5	Oh the Tanger Outlets...I don't know what it is about this "brand" of outlet mall vs others, but I first fell in love while living in Georgia where they also have a Tanger Outlet mall. It seems that I always have good luck with them and this visit to the new Glendale location was no exception. They have Banana Republic, Coach, Michael Kors, Gap, Polo, Tommy Hillfiger, a kitchen store....just to name a few. Large parking lot, plenty of restrooms.
4	when we lived in georgia, the wife was a big fan of the Tanger outlets there. so when they opened in glendale, i decided to take her up there for a birthday day of shopping. we arrived kind of early so there weren't many people shopping. by 2pm however, the place was packed. i'm not a clothes shopper, unless i need a t-shirt or jeans, i just go to goodwill. my wife is an excellent shopper. she never pays full price and her wardrobe is awesome. these outlets were very clean, however, the food court is just a subway and some asian food place. however, there are a plethora of food choices a short walk from the mall. i was impressed. wound up buying a white tie from Hagar, a pair of converse for cheap, and a suit jacket. parking was plentiful and free. other reviewers site pay parking, but maybe only on game day?all in all, a great saturday/sunday trip out.
4	i guess i reviewed under a different tanger outlets. rather than repeat everything i already wrote, i will just say i had a good time and wound up buying actual clothes, something i never do. if interested, my review shows up somewhere under a different tanger.....
1	I drove from Chandler to see this new mall. There was a football game going on and parking was TWENTY DOLLARS. TWENTY DOLLARS. it was TWENTY DOLLARS. I calmly explained that I only wanted to shop, I wasn't in any cardinals clothing, and I said I would be able to show a receipt or movie ticket from the mall or something to show that Im not some cheapa$$ trying to get free parking, but it fell on deaf ears. I parked across the street far away and walked, hoping to score a good deal at one of the stores, but the average discount I noticed was around ten percent - shoes that were $100 were $89.99, HandM had no discounts, and the other stores didn't really feel like outlets. The only store that I will say had good deals was coach, and if you are a coach fan and live near glendale, go for it, but other than that this place doesn't offer much and I hope that no one ever pays $20 to shop there
5	I love these outlets..... maybe it's because I'm only walking distance to them! I've been to several other outlet malls and I think the construction and layout of these outlets are extremely cool and interesting.  You sort of feel that you're in an indoor mall but since it's Arizona and it never gets cold, you're still outdoors.  I don't know how to really explain it but it's different than all other outlet malls I've been to.  Cute little seating areas are there around fire pits and PLENTY of parking, especially since Westgate is right across the street which basically triples the amount of available parking.  Since these were just finished in November 2012, everything is still extremely new and beautiful
4	Tank you, tank you, for bringing some outlets to the West Valley! And what wonderful outlets they are -- JCrew, Gap, Banana Republic, the list of quality stores goes on and on. 5 stars for having large, industrial sized fans outside and for the covered walkways - those will be a dream come true when the temperatures rise up to the triple digits. Two stars for not-so-great general mall office service - I received a gift card for the outlets from my loving husband, and had to wait about 20 minutes while the cashier in a store was calling the office trying to get it to work -- a problem that according to her, had been happening since they opened. But Tanger still gets four stars from me for their shops with discount prices, clean walkways, pleasant-ish pop music blasting out of the cleverly concealed bose speakers on the ground, and abundant parking. Like Arnold, I'll be back.
4	It was cool!  Lots of stores and prices were ok.  1 complaint!!  Where are the food places or even a coffee place?  You are forced to drive out to Westgate or leave.
2	Not a fan, why they chose to put it right next to westgate is beyond me. The parking here is terrible. When there's a game or event going on in westgate don't even bother. No food court which is strange. It's all outdoors with no covered parking. During the summer this place is going to be a nightmare. They do have pretty good stores so they get 2 stars.
3	I was happy to know that another outlet opened in the valley, and it's a lot closer to home.  There are the typical stores you find at a Tanger Outlets, Coach, Nine West, Nike, H&M, Ralph Lauren, Calvin Klein, and so forth. There are no restaurants at this outlet just snack food and vending machines.  At least a coffee shop, please!  10.2% sales tax, ouch!
3	A decent outlet mall, with a mix of household items, clothing, accessories, shoes, beauty products, and toys.  The price range here is for the most part inexpensive (H&M, Charlotte Russe) to moderate range (Banana Republic, JCrew).  The most high-end retailers you'll probably find here are the Michael Kors outlet and Brooks Brothers.  We browsed a bit through some of the clothing, shoe, and kitchen stores, and found that the outlet prices were slightly cheaper than original price, but not cheap enough to want us to buy the items outright.  I did end up buying a cute tote from the Coach Factory, which was an additional 30% off, although it seems like they always have an additional % off their items whenever I walk into a Coach outlet store.Food options are very limited here!  There's a pretzel place if you want a snack, a Chinese fast-food place, and a Subway.  As for the atmosphere, it's nice that there is a huge canopy covering the walkways of this open-air outlet mall.  In the summer, this will really help!P.S.  If you have an AAA or AARP membership, show your card at shopping services and they will give you a free coupon book!
3	I will come here about 1 time a month. My husband really likes the discount tool place. I also like to go to gymboree and carters. They have great things for kids. I haven't really found too many other stores that I would frequent.The mall is nice though. It has a good flow as you are walking and nice places to sit. There are nice playgrounds if you have kids.The food is seriously lacking though. Pretzels, chinese, and maybe a little more. I guess they want you to go to the west gate restaurants, but you can't go there and get a quick bite and continue shopping. They need more fast foods type restaurants there so you can get things quick and easy. I bet a chipotle would do well, or a paradise.Please do check it out. Its a really good thing for the west side and west gate.
2	I get it! You're supposed to get buzzed at Westgate, then come here and feel like every store is a good idea. Genius!This is a less cool version of the outlets in Anthem.Did you know Tanger is an outlet chain? Like, the deals you're finding are totally orchestrated nationwide? In normal outlets, businesses sell directly to consumers, which is where the groovy deals come from. In Tanger, you're dealing with a big, corporate middleman. No wonder it's lame.Not saying you won't find something you like...it's just less likely here than the real deal.
2	...while I didn't get dinged for the $10 parking that others have cited since it was after football season I really cannot think of a reason to visit these outlets as the vast majority of the stores and "deals" can be found at one of the HUNDREDS of local malls and/or shopping centers if you go during the right time or season.  Tack on the big crowds, bratty kids, and general ugliness of the complex and I cannot really think of a reason to return - Cole Haan outlet or not.
5	I want to say that the staff here are the most honest people I have ever met.  My daughter lost her wallet and the security guy Manny found the wallet with a large sum of money.  It was returned intact and they would not accept a reward.  They have earned my business for life.
3	Well I have been to many outlet malls in my day and this one is average at best. I mean the fact that it was built next to another shopping center.....in front of a football stadium (University of Phoenix Stadium) and near a Hockey arena (Jobing.com Arena) is totally outrageous. The traffic is HORRID.....and to be quite honest the stores are nothing really special. Now don't get me wrong there are some good stores here but again nothing you won't really find at any other outlet. Personally I like the PREMIUM OUTLETS a little better....but I can understand the desire to shop at Tanger. If your out in the Glendale area definitely give it a look....but for your occasional shopping frenzy try elsewhere. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
1	Just horrible.Pros: It's new. Nice curb appeal.  It's new.Cons: Parking during an event will make you regret the experience.  Once you get in, you see it's a cheap knockoff of a real outlet mall.  Shops are small.  Shops sell cheap versions of what is in their real stores.  Interiors of some stores area cheap looking.  No kids areas to entertain younglings.  Minimal food and snack options, which would be okay since you're in the Westgate area, except... Poor walking access to the main Westgate area.We'll see if I'm wrong, but I can't see this place lasting a year and a half.  It's that bad.  Worth the trip to hit Anthem or even a real mall.
2	I love outlet malls, I have gone to the malls located in Vegas, I have been to the ones in Casa Grande (when there was actually 2 and they didn't suck or weren't closed), I have to say I haven't been to the one in Anthem yet, but this one is just....meh.I signed up online to be a "Preferred Club" member and get coupons every time I go (Mind you, it costs money to do this 10.00)...don't do it, its a trap!The coupons are ridiculous, you have to spend an extreme amount of money to get discounts at any store. I have four kids, I don't go spend 500.00 at a time at these places.The layout is nice, the parking sucks, there aren't a lot of food options, and its outdoor so summer time is going to SUCK.I will make the drive to this place if I am looking for something specific I know I can get here, past that? I have places a lot closer than this to get anything I need and or want.
1	This place is awful! I'm pretty sure the whole "discounted" term they use is a gimmick to fool people into thinking they're paying less! I went into Michael kors looking for a watch and was told it was $350...that's how much they are at the store inside fashion square and they're only $275 at Dillard's. so don't tell me it's a "discounted" place. Charlotte Russe has their shoes for buy one get one for $12.50...at the non outlet store it's buy one get one for $15.50. The H&M has the same prices as the one in Scottsdale. I've never liked outlet malls, but this one takes the cake for being the worst.
1	Stores aren't that exciting, food selection sucks.  Really isn't so much an outlet mall as it is a crappy outdoor mall.  I wouldn't come back.  But if you are too stupid for your own good definitely swing on by!
2	Been to one outlet you've seen this one. Prices weren't all that great either, no discounts to be found.
3	Granted I went when it just opened up, I thought it was great but the parking situation sucks!
3	It will be interesting to see how these do after they are open for a while... some stores were only there for the holiday season.... decent selection but could be better... no food choose either..
2	This mall- ehIt's not horrible, but it's a waste of time. I visited from out of town and it was not worth my while.The stores were your typical "upscale" shops, but good luck finding anything with the pacs of shoppers looking to score "deals". The only stores worth going to are Gap outlet and J Crew factory. I was excited when I saw H&M but don't be fooled, it's not an outlet store so no "special" deals there.Avoid the crowds, save the gas $ and go elsewhere. Pros:- I got 2 dresses at Gap outlet for less than $20Cons:- Crowded- Lack of selection- Not all stores are outlets even though this is an outlet mall- No food courts and when you put your credit card in the vending machine good luck getting your drink
3	Bright n clean new Tanger outlet shops right off 101 at Glendale Ave beside Glendale arena.  Some great  name outlets: Ralph Lauren, C. Klein, Hilfiger, Guess, Levis, Lucky Brand, as well as plentiful (excess?) number of shoe stores, a book outlet, Gymboree child's clothing, a couple of toy stores, Tools Direct, Creusset, Kitchen Collection, Oakley Vault & Sunglass Hut, Gap, Banana Republic, Jockey underwear, Gold Toe socks, athletic apparel aplenty (Puma, Nike, Under Armor), not to mention (though I'm now mentioning) Helzberg Diamonds.  Designer outlet clothiers seemed mostly aimed at younger crowd from teens to maybe . . . 30's? But note there is also a Talbot's, a Lane Bryant, and a Brooks Bros. "factory store" as well.  The makeup aficionado will appreciate the Bare Mineral and Elizabeth Arden outlets.  Other outlets range from Aeropostale to H&M to Samsonite to Vitamin World,  Dining options within the shopping area are limited to Subway, China Max, and Wetzel Pretzel, but there's  a Big Fat Greek Restaurant and much more on the periphery and in the Arena entertainment district.   It was clean and pleasant shopping and (outdoor) walking experience in today's moderate weather, though I could envision it as miserable in summer heat as it's not an indoor mall.  And while it's not particularly geographically convenient to me personally, it's easily accessible off the 101.   There's nothing negative in the modest 3-star rating I give the shops as a whole, just nothing that particularly makes me particularly likely to go back unless there's some specific need that can't be met more conveniently close by, though finding the one item I was looking for and dealing with the friendly ladies at Kitchen Collection was a pleasure.   If designer labels excite you, it may be worth a look-see and return visits as well, but note that "outlet" doesn't necessarily mean "discount".  I didn't get to all the shops, so there might have been some that caused this post middle-aged guy more enthusiasm, and note that there's  huge Cabella's Outdoor Outfitter's store diagonally across the street which may be suitable for dropping off husbands, etc., for daycare while you shop.   www.tangeroutlet.com/glendale/directory for a full listing of shops.
2	A fairly new outlet mall that's nested in the Westgate center and near the University of Phoenix Stadium, home of the AZ Cardinals. The location is ideal for a day spent shopping, dining and events but the outlet center itself lacks in entertainment. It is quite small and the store selection is limited.
2	I finally went to the outlets to check them out with my sister. I was not impressed with their "Sales". Honestly I did not find many great deals. You could go to any mall and get the same prices. I remember going to the outlets years ago and finding the best deals and always coming home with a car packed with bags and bags of stuff. Sale wise it was a waste of time.The Outlets itself are clean and new looking of course. The parking lots are designed horribly. I am sure people get into accidents all the time. The lanes are so windy and not the best layout. Anyway I wouldnt return thinking I would find great deals. I would return if I was totally bored and wanted to kill some time..
1	Levi's Outlet--WASTE OF TIME!  I was so excited to go to the Levi's outlet since I need to buy extra long jeans and paying retail is just too expensive.  I've purchased them at other Levi outlets and we scored Huge but not here. First of all this shoud be an extension of the trendy 20 -ish type of stores. We are in our 40's and my husband is 6'6' tall and we were trying to find something in a 40 length. 501's or something in a loose leg.  Nothing came close to that and the waist sizes were only for the young and very fit. My husband would NEVER wear skinny jeans nor would I let him UGH! Since I've purchased the last 20 pairs at a Levi's outlet I was determined to find a pair. This store, hmmm, well it has a little selection here and a little selection there with fancy stuck up employees being scared of you when you answer their question of "can I help you"? I think this lil dude was only up to my husbands hips and he just looked like I was crazy for asking for that size and continued to move away swiftly and pretend to straighten the shelves. It's a small store with non of those "Luv em" round racks where you can find the variety of styles and sizes on a couple cheap racks. We felt way out of place there. It was like a college owned and operated outfit. Time to go. We did finally give in and go to Wranglers where we actually found some cool jeans at beyond cheap prices. They went with the 4 pairs of great Nike's he bought. No Levi's though and I won't even think of trying them again. Even for me their prices are too high. I'd get them at Costco first. Oh Well, we did some other shopping so not a big waste of time. But remember you gotta be in your 20's to get in and have someone talk to you. What they didn't realize is us older ones have the bigger bank accounts....SUKKAS!
2	Waste of time if you're looking for a deal. Although the stores are plastered with SALE signs, you have to carefully interrogate the marked up then marked down pricing and consider that much of the merchandise is second rate low quality product you would never find at their regular store.  I spent a decent amount of time in three of the stores and got a negative, slick/pushy, impression of the sales staff.  I see no reason to go back a second time.  It's much more pleasant to shop at regular mall.
2	This "outlet" mall was not worth the drive from Scottsdale to Glendale. What a letdown!First stop that I was most excited for was H&M. Come to find out, it's not an outlet store in the least. Same exact items and prices as the location inside Fashion Square. No other stores wooed me. No good restaurants in the actual outlet area, but some decent stuff close by the stadium. I won't ever be visiting that area again. Very crowded, too. Oh well!
4	It was cool!  Lots of stores and prices were OK at most of the places.  biggest  complaint!!  Where is the roof we live in a oven we need A/C. Also where is the food court at a Subway is all they have. You are forced to drive over  to West gate or just  leave.
2	If you have been to one outlet mall, you have seen it all. The same stores across the country. Not to mention it is hot as h*** with very limited coverage and NO MISTERS! The prices are also full retail, so do not expect to find a bargain.
3	This place merits 3 stars at the most. I've been here twice and nothing excites me about this place. Everything is way too expensive for a so called outlet mall.
1	The crazy management expected us to pay $10 to park at the outlets because the Cardinals were playing today.  Result is no $10 and a loss of several hundred dollars of revenue to Gendale.  I hope the Peoria mall is more accommodating and I hope Glendale figures out how to manage parking around sporting events because this just seems goofy.
3	Compared to outlets in some other cities this is sort of underwhelming.  About the same square footage as Anthem.  They have a couple of places that will bring me back on a semi regular basis, most notably Kitchen Collection.  Seems like both times I ended up here in the early afternoon and between the overhead shades it gets pretty hot.  Here the second time almost a year after opening parking was pretty full so they seem to be doing well.  I am betting there is no food court as part of the deal with the city to appease the restaurants in Westgate which really are not that much of a walk or drive.
1	Horrible, HORRIBLE experience this morning at Tanger Outlets!! I was there yesterday and found a lovely jacket, the sales clerk was great, even gave me teh heads up that the jacket I fell in love with would be an additional 30% off if I came back before 10:30 the next morning!So naturally I get up early today to make the 30 minute side trip to the store on my way to work.  Come to find out, parking- which was free yesterday- now costs $10 to shop the Tanger Outlet mall!  WTF??  $10 today and yesterday was free???  So I argue with the lot attendant that I'm not paying $10 to park for 5 minutes to pick up a jacket she became belligerent, so I asked to get a manger involved. The manager tells me the same thing, pay $10 or leave.  She tried to give me a $10 voucher but of the 85+ stores only 15 will accept the voucher and it's for the most useless stores like Helzberg Diamonds and Samsonite- I wanted a jacket not an engagement ring!  There was no reasoning with these people, they wouldn't even let me call the store to see if they would honor the voucher or let me run in for literally 5 minutes to grab the jacket and go.  What if my daughter was there and forgot her Epi-Pen?  What if I needed to pick up my lost purse from security?  How far would they go to get their money??NEVER GOING BACK THERE AGAIN!!  Making sure no one in my family or friends goes there either- I'm copying this to my facebook, and letting everyone I know about this debacle.  I'll give my money to any other mall at this point- I'll pay full price before going back to Tanger Outlets.
3	Where can you find discounted Coach, kids brands like Gymboree and Carters, and items for your kitchen?  Tanger Outlets.The kids play area is a hot summer's day away from being a lawsuit from a parent.  There's no misting system to help cool off patrons.  There isn't a food court, though I can see why the developer didn't bother with one with Tanger being smack dab in the city limits.  Making the drive to Anthem vs going to Tanger at Westgate - If I had nothing else to do or errands to run, I'd probably still make the 60 mile round trip drive up to Anthem.  Anthem outlets have pretty much the same stores that we like to hit up (Kitchen Collection, Carters, Gymboree, Coach).
3	luckily i didn't have an agenda when i went to this place since i'm not sure if i would find what i needed.  this outlet was smaller than i'm used to and didn't have the stores i like to go to.  i was in the area and stopped in so i don't think i would drive more than 5 minutes to get here.
1	This establishment apparently made an agreement with the city of Glendale to force their customers to pay a $20 fee on "game day".  This is completely insulting and they really should have thought this arrangement through before building here.  I refuse to pay some random city an extortionist $20 just to patronize their businesses!  There isn't even a validation option.  Don't waste your money, give it to another city.
3	It has a Lucky outlet which makes me happy.  Also, the Fossil outlet has a ton of good deals here all the time.  Parking is ample and accessible and the layout is easy to navigate.
3	These outlets have a decent mix of stores from Coach to Children's Place to Gap.  It is all located outside, so you'll want to keep that in mind prior to heading here. There is a decent sized food court and a few restaurants on-site if you get hungry while shopping.  Or you can travel a bit off site and there are even more restaurants to choose from if nothing at the outlets strikes your fancy.Overall: BA very decent outlet mall in the Phoenix area.
3	I don't make special trips to outlet malls. Yeah, I like a good deal just like anyone else would, but I also like convenience. That being said, I recently made the pilgrimage to the avenues (I live in south Scottsdale) to visit a friend and her new baby so I figured I'd check this place while I was out there since I still had a few gift cards from the holidays. I had already heard this outlet mall wasn't all THAT great so my expectations weren't all that high. Like others have said a good chunk of the stores here aren't even outlet versions of their parent stores. H&M is one example of this (although I'm not even sure if H&M does outlets in general). In fact, compared to other H&M's in the Phoenix area the store here seemed to have less of a sales section, which I thought was odd considering this one was located in an "outlet" mall. One of the stores I specifically came here to shop at was Banana Republic, which is an outlet store here, and did have a good selection with really good sales. Honestly, those were the two stores I came here to specially shop at, but if something else would have really caught my eye I would have stopped in and I didn't.Also, this mall barely has a food court. there's a Subway, a Wetzel's Pretzels (or maybe it's the other chain pretzel place usually found in malls?), and a Chinese restaurant. That's it. My understanding is this mall has some pretty weird agreements w/the surrounding area (it's right by UoP Stadium & Jobing.com Arena), and my guess the lack of food court options has something to do w/the restaurants located close by. Like I mentioned earlier, I don't do special trips to outlet malls, and the Tanger Outlets did nothing to sway my opinion.
5	Very clean, awesome prices, great restrooms, vending machines everywhere. Sad that the playground wasn't open due to renovation/construction on the south end. Could use a few more food vendors. I only saw Wetzl Pretzels,  and Subway....maybe I missed a spot. It'd be great to see a lil candy shop or a chocolatier added amongst the shops, maybe a wine and chocolate bar....Am I right ladies????
3	Outlets malls are tented to have good verity of stores with good deal from the regular store but tanger is not much so, handful of the stores are not even outlet version of the main branch store, and it's a outdoor outlet which is fine but can be hot in the summer, but hey what else do you expect when you live in Arizona. It's just your typical outlet mall, worth checking out if you are in the area but not if you just going out of you way to come here.
5	We just left this store. We had a very sentimental gift and Tim Was so nice and went above and beyond. We will be back! This is our new fossil store
5	Can't go wrong with a Nike, Coach, Banana Republic, and Children's Place in one location.  I wish this place had more places to feed the family.There are a lot of places that take Military discounts so it never hurts to ask.  I love getting my Crossfit shoes at the Reebok store.  My ultimate favorite clothes store is Banana Republic and they are always having a sale on top of the Clearance price!  This outlet is right off the Glendale Exit 7 exit on the 101 South.  Very easy to find.  It is close to the Harkins so if you're in the mood you can watch a flick.  Parking is not bad either.  You can always get a good deal here!
5	Love this outlet! They have my favorite brands like J.crew, nike & h&m! I'm glad it's only 10mins away from my house. I don't have to drive all the way to anthem or the other side of town just to go the outlet. They are still growing, I've discover more stores that opened ever since their grand opening. Steve Maden, Nestle toll house and much more.. They have good sales during the holiday too, the lucky brand jeans that I got was 60% off! Love it!
1	Meh! Won't stop here again until the expansion is complete and then only maybe. A friend and I were looking to do a little shopping and eating. We got to the outlets and there is NO food court. All there is to eat is subway (which we don't eat) or vending machines (and we don't eat from vending machines either). In Arizona, there's no place to get anything to drink?! That's crazy. The mall's saving grace was White House Black Market. There isn't even an Ann Taylor.
1	It's hard being an associate at the Tanger Outlets because there is nothing to eat here but Subway. Subway these days is such a rip off. I got 3 slices of meat in my sandwich and I couldn't even taste it! The lettuce looks very old, all white and brown so I end up with spinach. The tomatoes are a weird light pink color. None of their vegetables ever look fresh. I asked for green bell peppers and I got 5 of the smallest slices ever. Worst sandwich I have ever had and it's sad that this is the only option for food. I highly recommend saving your money and never go there again
3	The stores are fairly good but I don't see much of a deal offered for being an outlet mall. There needs to be more places to eat and there is Christmas music playing on November 6....not cool at all.
1	Never go there on a game day. They cater to people parking for games and don't care about their actual customers. Oh and they charge for parking just to shop on a game day.
4	Lots of great places to shop, but because the lit, outside store names don't necessarily correspond with where they're located in the mall, it can be difficult to park near what you're looking for. My favorite is Ann Taylor and VF Factory Outlet. Great finds!
1	Hate that I have to think about whether there is a home game before I come. I refuse to pay $10 to park to shop at the outlets. They need to validate or something at least. Sucks they don't care about their actual customers and just want to bank on game day. Guess I'll head to the mall instead!
4	Great place to shop at, a lot of different stores to choose from.  Parking is fairly easy, especially when it's not during holiday seasons or early morning and early afternoon on week days.
4	These outlets are okay. I can't imagine on a hot day how it would be given it's outdoors. They have H&M, guess, Nike, Michael Kors...the list goes on. Parking is usually not bad except there's basically one entrance and one exit and everyone's walking around.
