4	Even though I don't drink beer, I've been going to Rock Bottom since I lived in San Diego. And have always had a decent experience.I stopped in for lunch. I got the Mac and cheese with NO chicken , it comes with a salad.Huge portions, Cold plate and chilled fork for the salad was a nice touch. The Mac and cheese was piping hot and really good. (see pics)Two people could have shared the mac and cheese, I couldn't finish it, even though I wanted to.Friendly waitress, refilled my drink and brought my check in a timely manner.
3	Went here once. It was a Sunday night. The place was like a morgue. Tried the Brown Ale. It hit the spot. Then tried the Amber. It was okay. Not sure how this place is on the weekdays or weekends, but the beer is decent and strong. So that's something.
4	This is my 'tried and true' place whenever guests come into town.  Good food, good beer, good ambience.  The pub tips with mashed potatoes are very good!  I have heard that their classic mac n' cheese is quite good.  I love their stout, but it isn't for everyone.  The ambience isn't too loud so you can here what your friends are saying.  Staff is friendly.  Indoor and outdoor seating.  Nothing bad to say about this place.
3	It's good.  A better option than the nearby Chili's for sure.  3 and a half stars:)I enjoy their happy hour.  $3 pints is a smashing deal and their beer is always great.  4 stars for their Roadrunner Brown and 5 stars for their Dream Catcher Light.Don't try their Rocktinis - I'm pretty sure I had 3 ounces of watered down blue punch!They also have a pretty solid happy hour food menu.  Love the ball park pretzel, love the boneless wings, love the chicken sliders.I haven't eaten in the actual restaurant in years so I can't comment on it.  Happy Hour Mon-Friday til 7pm.  I think they have a reverse happy hour as well.  It's a good comparison to BJs Brewery - but I like the beer at Rock Bottom Better.  I wish they would open one in LA, but I think the market is pretty saturated out there with this type of establishment.Parking is ample - never had a wait.  Yay for XMAS fun with the family back in good ol' Scottsdale, AZ
3	Good food.  Decent beer selection.  Over priced.
5	GREAT happy hour prices and selection. Bar staff are always friendly and seating is not usually a problem.
3	There's nothing wrong with this place, but there's nothing exceptional either.  The patio is a nice place to hang out and the beer is good, not phenomenal, but good.  Paying 10 dollars for a burger was a bit steep, but it was tasty enough that combined with the company I wasn't too disappointed.  So far after two trips there I would say it's an average  place to get something predictably good and a beer to go with it.I don't really have anything negative to say about this place, but nothing superlative either, it seems like it's a good place for the nights you want something you don't have to think too hard about.  We will definitely return.
2	Rock Bottom...Well, that pretty much sums it up:)Thanks!!You've been a great audience!!Don't forget to tip your wait staff (the only part of Rock Bottom worth a little applause:)I'm not much of a beer drinker, so that part of this chains "allure" is really lost on me.I said in an earlier review that some chains are better than others (or something to that effect:)This is one of the chains that they are better than:)The food here could sure be better...really:)I had lunch meeting at RBB today (nope, I didn't get to pick, but that may change in the future based on this swing and a miss:)I had their lunch special sliders...as dry and lifeless a rack of mini-burgers as I have seen lately (and that includes the mini-"sirloins" available at your local Jack in the Hat:( The lunch included a stack of overly greasy fries...just not much worth trying to eat in this "special"...but what can I expect for $6.95?My lunch companion had something that was supposed to be the shrimp enchilada lunch special...also $6.95...I would have to say that based on her reaction, the execution of said "enchilada" dish was somewhere short of "successful":(Isn't there supposed to be "shrimp" in "shrimp enchilada"? No?Maybe we shouldn't expect more for this kind of price point, but damn it...I do!Were they having an off day? I don't know, but it was a poor effort on the part of the kitchen (I can't speak to the brewery part...they may have been crushing it today:)You know, we could have gone across the freeway to Vermont Sandwich or Andreoli and had a much better meal for roughly the same price!Maybe if they changed the restaurant format to "Rock Bottom Scotch Distillery" it could bring me back.Oh, and if the food was better:)
3	Anything with "Brewery" in the name always attracts my attention, so I had to visit.  Especially when it is convenient to where I live.  So I have stopped there on several occasions, and tried a number of different things from their menu.Did I mention it was convenient?  That seems to be the operative word, because I am not particularly enthralled with their food. I have tried appetizers, sandwiches, and entrees, and although it is good food, it is not memorable.  Their beer is great,  though.  I have tried all of their dark beer -  Raptor Red, Roadrunner Brown, and Saguaro Stout.  Love them all. So this has become the kind of place that I go when I have friends in town that do not like to experiment - that are happy with any kind of food - and just want something edible and filling.
3	Beer good and cheap happy food portions have been downsized and quality not as good as it use to be.
3	Went here for fathers day with my girlfriends parents because they gave a free entree for dad. He choose the fish and chips which looked amazing, I had fish tacos, my girlfirend had the steak and her mom got a salad. Everyhting was good. The service was great and the beers were decent. It was everything I could expect from a chain and thensome. I might even go back.
4	I come here once a week to play poker with the Dream Dealers. First of all the weekly poker tournament is the best in the Valley. Having played at a few on the West Side now the setup at Rock Bottom is the tops.They have a special menu for us and anything on there has been great. I usually get the Chicken Cesar or the Burger. Never been disappointed yet. Also the crowd favorite, especially by the dealer is the Macaroni and Cheese. All very tasty and something I look forward to every Monday night.
2	Service was marginal and food was not very good.  I remember this place being better, but I guess they changed their menu around a bit ago.  Let's just say I like the old one better.  I will pass on this place moving forward.
4	Stopped off for a late dinner. Not very many patrons eating dinner, but more folks at the bar watching the football playoffs. I ordered lemonade and my wife had the Dream Catcher light lager whcih she thought was heavy on the 'hops'. For dinner she ordered the Laredo and I had the 12 oz New York Strip. Our server was knowledgeable and attentive. Our food came in a timely manner and was very good. I, especially, enjoyed my steak which was cooked medium rare, perfect. The vegetables sliced and cooked just right and the white cheddar mash potatoes was great. My wife's meal was also tasty.All in all, it was a very satisfying meal. We'll be back.
4	I love the Rock Bottom Restaurant but I am not too crazy about the Rock Bottom Brewery. The reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because the beer is not the greatest in my opinion. The burgers are good but my favorite is the Sonoma Chicken Wrap. Which is a wrap cut in two with Chicken, bacon, gucamole and spinach as the main ingredients. This wrap hits the spot, I think the Guac really makes this dish.The Rock has $5 happy hour specials on the appetizers. The nachos are good but would be excellent if Guac was served with them instead of paying extra for 2 small dollups of Guac. The firecracker shrimp is excellent as well. But the most amazing app is the Titan Toothpick which is like 4 footlong very skinny chicken burritos serve with Guac. This one app alone can fill up most anyone.And of course, I love their patio. Which is big and compy with plenty of misters for the warmer part of the year.
5	Unfortunately this location has closed.  The next closest location is at Desert Ridge 21001 N. Tatum Blvd.  (Tatum just north of the 101)
1	They have CLOSED!!!
5	THIS LOCATION IS CLOSED. Desert Ridge and Arrowhead are still open, per Rock Bottom's website!
1	closed
