5	I took my S2000 here for an alignment on a recommendation from a friend, and I'm so glad that I did! The gentlemen working the front desk was chipper and talkative. When I mentioned the car I was asking them to service, the tech that was in the office stretched his arms out and said, "My friend, you've come to the right place." It turns out the tech is a fellow Honda/Acura enthusiast and sounded almost excited to help me out!He drove the car onto the rack slowly, minding the lowered nature of the S2K. While he was doing his work we discussed all things Honda. He did not mind that I was in the shop, under the lift (inspecting the undercarriage), giving my car a once-over. Meanwhile, he's doing his job efficiently while giving me advice on how to modify it and get the most of a wonderful driving machine. Pretty much, I'm happy as can be that I found a fellow enthusiast working right around the corner, who I know it out to do the best job he can on my vehicle. Definitely a reassuring feeling.With all that being said, and as happy as I was with the service he, and the shop, had extended to me, the reason I am writing this review and rated it as such is because of the treatment I witnessed them giving other customers.We've all had bad experiences with an auto shop at one time of another, and it seems like they can prey on women (who typically don't have the knowledge of cars your average Joe would). As I was in the waiting room, the gentleman at the counter, as well as another tech, were talking with a woman about her car, fully explaining the situation she was in, giving her numerous options to take care of her vehicle's problems. Although they weren't directing this honesty and service my way, I really appreciated seeing it and made a mental note.Based on how they treated me, and the other customers in their shop, I would recommend Tucker Tire highly!
5	We were referred to this place by Chapman BMW because we had a nail in our tire. We went there and they treated us well.  I followed my wife in my truck and she noticed I had a nail in my tire too so we asked them to look at it. They took care of my wife right away for $20 bucks. Then they looked at my truck and figured all they had to do was pull the nail and needed no additional work...At no charge!  Willing to help us right away...$20. Total honesty?  Priceless!!  These guys were great and I would recommend them to anyone.
4	Great service, plainly.I was referred here for tires, and they managed to get me in and out (changing all four tires) within 30 minutes on a weekday which I was working. One of the guys patiently ran me through the tire warranty literature during the process, and everyone there was helpful and knowledgeable.Plus, it's great when a place quotes a price for work and sticks to that price; no unwanted surprises= me, happy.They're a long-time locally-owned business, so stop in if you need some repairs done, help the local economy, and get well-serviced.
5	I am so happy to discover this gem of a place.  They fixed my BMW's run-flat (nail) for only $20.  On top of that, they were very pleasant and easy to talk to.  Tim, the General Manager, was not only quick and friendly to help me, but he was also that way to everyone that walked through the door.  I took very kindly to the way he treated an elderly woman - like a VIP - despite her demanding and sometimes naive questions and requests.
5	Good guys, and honest from what I can tell.  And they didn't charge me a diagnostic fee, which is nice!  This is the second time I've been here.  They changed all 4 tires on my BMW for a super good price!  I definitely recommend these guys!
5	Were super helpful, friendly, and fixed the alignment on my car quickly while I waiting (with a scheduled appt, I was not a walk-in). This is a family-run type place, and it was nice to see the names of everyone on that wall that worked there, accompanied by their photo and how many years they had worked there.
5	I have been to Tucker Tire & Auto twice and am VERY pleased with their work.  They treat me with the greatest respect and the job is done in a decent time frame.  I feel like they operate as if they were a small town operation only in a very large city.  It is nice to know I'm not just a number on their list.  Both gentlemen that work in the office explain things carefully and even the owner chats with all of the customers in the waiting area.  This is a fantastic place to bring your car to.  Thank you Charlie Stevenson!
5	Excellent care of the customer and the car.  Thank you!
5	Wonderful & quick service. They repaired my tire from a nail hole, we will definitely use them when we purchase tires in the next couple of months. same day service & friendly staff
5	When Tucker Tire could have charged me for tires, they chose to repair my tire instead, demonstrating their INTEGRITY.   When my route employee had some major issues with his truck that needed urgent repair, Tucker Tire demonstrated a SENSE OF URGENCY, repairing his vehicle quickly so he could be on the road and back to work.  This demonstrates their COMPETENCY.  It is easy to recommend this company.  I don't plan to go anywhere else, and neither should you!!
5	Great Service! Came in because I had a flat tire and they helped with changing it out for me! No one was rude.
