4	I just keep on randomly picking up hobbies since I like to create things so this kind of store is definitely a frequent stop whenever I get into a new obsession. This is the closest to my house, but I feel it's one of the better ones in town. It's neat, and well stocked.  The staff here has always been nice and very helpful in finding things and giving suggestions when I don't know which supplies to choose sometimes. Don't forget to check your mail for your coupon!
5	I just hit discount motherload the last weekend. It's funny but, I just came from a few Michaels and some of the things there weren't labeled sale, but was clearly marked here. Also there was a ton more it seemed on sale. Other Michaels didn't have these tiny party favor mason jar packs of 20 on sale, but here it was $13 instead of $20. They even had nicer vacuum sealed varieties here not at the other stores which was even better for the herbs I intended to put in them! I found good selection of yarn at the other closest Michaels on Lake Mead/Tenaya, but none were on major sale like it was here. They had a bin full of yarns for 99cent clearance. Some of these were the nicer varieties like wools, organics, etc that were originally about $6 a skein. Um, yeah I bought two of each color and there were a ton...I had like 5 bags of yarn.Also I was passing by paint pens that are $3.99 were clearance at 99cents as well! I use those for a lot of projects and currently drawing on a wooden urn I'm making for my dog so we got one of each color. Come to think of it now, whenever I do projects I tend to end up at a few Michaels, but I seem to always catch discounts here. I don't know if it's worth the drive for some people, but wanted to share with the crafters to call this location just in case something is on blowout. I live right here so it's super convenient for me.
5	New looks, they are making things at Michaels a little bit posh, with new isles, configurations and groupings, I had to stroll around just to familiarize myself with the new surroundings. Of course the same great crafting materials for just about any project is available, however, I have been looking for two sided crochet hooks, size K and they don't have it! I bought a book for such a project from them, but then when I went back to buy the hooks, no such luck. The other craft stores in my area have something like I'm looking for, but do not carry the size K I need! I guess I'll have order on line! Why sell a book for projects but do not carry the supplies is a little bit disappointing, however, this is my first and only quandary with this craft store, so unless I stumble onto something else, they will remain on the top of my list!
4	I like to make necklaces and bracelets for friends, as gifts and whatnot, as well as I just love creating things. This Michaels is down and around the way for me about 10 minutes from my place so I come here whenever I need some crafty things.The staff has always been helpful when I ask for help and they will even come to you and ask if you need help. They always have great sales and now they have a free Phone APP where it lists sales and coupons, so if you forget your coupons there's usually one or two on the phone app that you can use.
4	This is probably one of the best Michaels in town that I enjoy going to. I've shopped at other Michaels throughout town but they don't have as much selections as this one does. Clean place and organized. Customer service can be worked on some. Never get greeted nor asked for help. When I need help, usually I would have to go search for someone.
1	Regarding their Custom Framing.  I can't believe it took them 2 full weeks to finish framing my picture.  Either they have alot of work or they work slowly.
3	They seem to move things around... a lot. Seriously, it seems like every time I come here the sections have been moved. They have an awesome selection on crafts and arts, from beads, to yarns, art paper, scrapbooking, framing, and pretty much any home craft your inner artist wants. The downside is they are pretty pricey, and service isn't always great. Everytime I have shopped here there seems to be only one or two cashiers on duty, when they have about six registers, and there is always a long line. Plus, you seriously have to go hunt down an employee to get help. How bad is this hunting process? They have buttons in the store for you to push to get an employee to crawl out of whatever dark corner they have decided to sleep in. I once walked through the entire store and did not find ONE person, but I did see three people in a back room standing around a craft table looking at crafts they had made. Oh yeah, didn't know that they make things and sell them here did ya? They do. They make everything from painted foam pumpkins to simple wreaths. And how much, pray tell is this stuff? Way to much. They have a huge wreath for almost 1000$ there. Really. On sale even. Made from things you can buy there, and make yourself, for less. Or the dollar store. Whichever.
4	I make my own hair bows and LOVE that Michael's always has coupons and honors ones from competitors. They usually have everything I need, but if not they are more than willing to go the extra mile to either find it at another store for me or order it for me. I will definitely come back to this store for my crafting needs!
3	Came in to this store to pickup an item I had called to put on hold. The young man behind the counter said it wasn't there. I asked if he was sure, and he said no. I found someone else in the store to assist me, 45 minutes later we still hadn't found the item (it was the last one). He went behind the counter and there it was on hold with my name on it. The store is well stocked, but lacking a bit in customer service.
5	.
2	I'm from A small town in NC and when I moved here I had large expectations of Las Vegas and crafty, original people. Honestly this tiny Michaels was a huge disappointment. My Michaels at home was way larger with a way bigger selection. Plus I usually have to argue tha AC Moore is a competitor to get them to accept my coupons... Ugh
4	They always have really good deals going! You can put together just about anything you can think of with their huge variety of crafts! I specifically like making flower arrangements with the artificial flowers! Great for any occasion.
