1	Located just off the floor at the Flamingo Hotel, this bar puts to rest the popular notion of "things are dirt cheap in Vegas to make sure you blow all your cash on the slots and the sluts".  And if that's just a variation on the popular notion, I'd like to take credit for the slight injection of wit at the end there.Someone must have been breathing in too much recycled air when they decided to price Bud Light bottles at $6.00.  And if I was looking to strike up some sort of conversation at this small bar stand, I was SOL, because everyone sitting there was zombified into staring down at the bar counter where they were playing twenty five cent video poker.  It's probably for the best I guess.  They're too busy staring at the game in front of them to realize they're being raped on the price for crappy beer.
2	This bar situated in the corner of the casino at the Flamingo is nothing to write home about. Your basic Vegas bar in an "old school" casino. I did meet someone there and talked to them for some time, which made me have two drinks. But the service is average and the drink quality is ok. Prices are ok, based on Vegas pricing but they are expensive if you go with normal pricing from where you live. Pass this place up for another bar at Bellagio or The Wynn.
1	This place sucks, way too expensive for a junky little casino bar. Save your $ and don't buy any drinks here. Also waitresses are lazy and bartender can't make a good drink to save his life!
1	#8 on the National Registry of Places that Suck.  I stopped here only to wait for/meet someone.  It was over $15 for an orange juice and a weak sauce vodka tonic.  Why?  There are no white tigers lolling about, no girls in skimpy costumes, just people fresh from the pool trying to decide who's room they are gonna go upstairs and mess up.
3	Lobby bar in the Flamingo, stopped here to meet some work friends.   Table service didn't seem to happen so got some drinks at the bar and had a nice chat.  There was a football game being broadcast and everyone was going nuts, making it hard to hear at times.   There wasn't much division with the rest of the casino, as in many of the casino bars, which is less optimal to me since you can't feel like you are in a distinct business.
2	We came down stairs from the room to grab a drink and the older lady that was bartending had a really bad attitude and didn't make our experience very fun.  We were told to put twenty dollars into the machine to get a free drink and after a couple of minutes a gentlemen sat down put a couple of dollar bills into his machine and she gave him a free drink.  We left soon after and didn't return to the Garden Bar.
2	PLENTY OF OTHER GOOD CASINO BARS IN THIS CASINOI love little casino bars. When the service is good and drinks are at least standard.  This bar makes it awkward for the bartenders to be friendly or to even be bartenders. The seats at the bar seem very far from where the bartenders stand. We had trouble getting the bartenders attention and didn't receive friendly service when we did. The drinks we received were as expected and I wasn't sitting in the Flamingo trying to make new friends so the gamblers around me didn't bother me. I enjoy the gambling machines on the bar. I'd rather play on the Bugsy Bar near, also inside the Flamingo near the strip entrance. Friendly bartenders and a more lively atmosphere. Drinks were pretty watered down at both spots, but we bring our own alcohol in Vegas, so they're usually the perfect strength with a little doctoring.
