5	Nestled in the new Wynn Casino, this Italian eatery is something else. We had a seat, in the bar, on the isle facing the casino, which proved to be a good spot - we didn't have reservations and squeezed thinking we would find our table location an annoyance. Not so. The menu had many of the classics and some with a spin. We started with Lobster Bisque, can't go wrong right? Corsa took it to a new level with with the little jem you find at the bottom of the cup; lobster stuffed ghnocci (are you thinking tiffany from Top Chef). oh, and there was a cinnamon spiced foam. This was followed by an okay fried artichoke number. Which a true Italian would not be able to f*&k up. Cut to think they were a little tough. The aioli was perfect and this appetizer had the makings of something perfect but, was the one thing that was off the mark. We had a carb lovers meal and had three pasta's. You can split and do half's. Fra diavolo with more lobster and shrimp. Puttanesca with fresh tuna. And beef short rib ragu. The service - impeccable. One of the dinning partners was fasting (don't ask). Our server was A++ she brought tea, fresh squeezed blood orange juice and a shitake mushroom broth (strained). Somehow she was able to procure something good for a guy on a liquid diet; not easy in Las Vegas!
1	Did you get into a fight with your spouse?  Upset with a friend who stole the gal you planned on asking out for a date?  Want to ensure revenge via fast-acting gut bomb?Take him (or her) to Corsa for an overpriced meal that will, literally, *leave* him (or her) in pain.  The only excuse for the Vegas-high price of food here is the need to cover the cost of all the salt they must use in preparing the food.My first bite of fried calamari was like emptying a salt shaker in my mouth.  Bravely, I continued on with the mushroom-salt paste pizzetta and a so-so dish of rich mashed potatoes.  Veal parmigiana was as good as Buca di Beppo's, which is not saying much IMHO, and the short rib rigatoni was heavy on the fat (oh, and did I mention the ragu was salty?).If I could give this place minus stars, I would.  If you must stop here and waste your money, then hit the bar for a decent Bloody Mary or glass of wine.  These were the only good items any of the three of us had that night.   Even the blood-orange mojito was overly sweet.  (Ha-ha, gotcha!  No, it was not salty.)P.S. -- Tell your unfortunate spouse or friend to drink plenty of water and plan for a night of no sleep (since the bathroom is not a very comfortable room in which to sleep).
5	Chef Steven Kalt made my tongue dance for an evening... Brilliant, delicious, and yes I would go back for more!Comfortably situated in the Wynn hotel you will find yourself comfortable dressed to the nines here or hanging in your casual duds. The very attentive knowledgeable staff was beyond amazing!I began my meal with the Corsa Salad, the mushroom pizza, a taste of their cauliflower puree, and the finished with the pork tenderloin before I had to run off to catch my flight.Just thinking about the Corsa Salad makes my mouth water! The right amount of dressing, corn, several types of lettuce artfully tossed in an endive shaped bowl. Mmmmm perfect!I was told by one of the dealers that most people love Corsa's pizzas. Being a New Yorker as of late I wasn't sure what to expect when she said pizza. I can assure you that she is not talking about Domino's!  Chef Steven Kalt is originally from the East Coast and has brought pizza to an all new level.  This wafer thin pizza was smothered in mushroom puree with several types of white cheeses on top. Very thin and light it would make an excellent appetizer to share. Definitely not a meal on it's own.The wines that the Sommelier   paired with my food were unreal. Very unique, made with rare types of grapes that I would have never thought to pair with the food.The pork tenderloin was juicy and cooked to perfection! The cauliflower puree was light, creamy, and not over salted. All in all my meal was delicious! Bravo Chef and Staff!!Date Rating: 8Pick up Scale: 3Strong Suggestions: Don't miss dessert like I did!!  Try the Corsa Salad as an appetizer.
3	Out of all the meals I had planned for my recent trip to Vegas, I was probably looking forward to this one the most.  And, I have to say that I wasn't particularly impressed.  The setting was nice...dark and modern, comfortable chairs, open kitchen.  But the food, just didn't do it for me.  All the restaurants in which we ate (in Vegas) were good, but they just aren't like the meals I have in Chicago.  I'm sure being a local has something to do with it...anyway...So, we started this meal with appetizers.  For my boyfriend it was a batter-dipped fried mozzarella sandwich.  It was soggy and without flavor.  I had the fried artichokes.  They were good...they weren't $16 good, though.  For my entree, I had the monkfish.  It was baked in parchment with fingerling potatoes, artichokes, lemon and tomato confit and lemon butter.  For $32, I'd like my fish taken off the HUGE vertebrae and cleaned up a little...I don't like eating visible veins.  Additionally, when the menu says that it's served with fingerling potatoes, I expect a little substance.  I swear, and I'm not kidding, there were 4 pieces of potato and they were each the size of a quarter and as thick as well.  Tomatoes and lemon can be filled with flavor, so when I'm grabbing for the (non-existent) salt shaker, there's a problem.Brian had the lasagna and it was good and it was huge.  Was it $24 huge?  Probably not.  Again, we were stuffed after dinner, and while something spectacular probably could have grabbed our attention for dessert, we went without.  We did, however, have a most-amazing glass of reisling.  That, coupled with the relaxation of the surroundings made the meal.
3	We had a great meal here - everyone was happy. I enjoyed the lump crab cake and the eggplant parmesan with burrata cheese. One of my favorite things at the table was the mushroom pizzetta - fabulous. The pork entree was also very good. If you're staying at the Wynn and looking for something that's not obscenely obscenely expensive, recommended.
4	When you're visiting relatives who actually live in Las Vegas (okay, technically Henderson), you find yourself spending most of your time in the suburbs.  As a result, we didn't get to go to any of the classy, trendy, high-end restaurants that Vegas boasts having.  Luckily, I dined at Corsa Cucina on my last night in Vegas, and it was the trip's saving grace...at least in terms of meals.First of all, it was just about the only restaurant at the Wynn (where we were staying that night) that was still serving dinner at 10:30 on a Sunday night.  I was actually quite surprised that so many of the other restaurants weren't taking customers any more - I thought Vegas was supposed to be an all-night kinda town?  That aside, I'm glad we ended up here.The service was very professional, efficient and friendly.  One of our servers was Filipino, which means only one thing in my mom's book - instant camraderie.  We ended up bogarting him the rest of the night, but he was very gracious and didn't seem to mind.We were all pretty hungry by then, so we didn't bother with appetizers, especially once we saw the generous amount of various bread they put on our table.  I always think it's a nice touch when a restaurant offers both butter and olive oil for the bread.My entree was the lobster and shrimp diavolo, which the waiter warned me would be spicy.  It actually wasn't, at least not for my taste buds.  But it *was* delicious!  There were big chunks of lobster and shrimp that I could eat with each bite of pasta.  A lot of restaurants will skimp out on lobster when it's a seafood combo dish like this, but I was so happy they didn't!  The sauce was slightly creamy and so flavorful - I seriously didn't want to stop eating it.  But then my tummy warned me that I should.  Besides, I could bring my leftovers for the plane ride home and have myself a fancy lunch (which is exactly what I did).Unfortunately, we were too full and too tired to have dessert.  Who knows if there will ever be a next time, but at least I'll have that great memory of the lobster & shrimp diavolo.  Thanks, Corsa Cucina!
2	We stayed at the Wynn and ended up at this restaurant primarily because of the amazing fact that we could not find a good restaurant nearby that was still serving at 10:30 p.m..  Strange for Vegas.Our waiter was incredibly nice and accommodating considering we walked in as they were closing.  He was the high point of the dinner, unfortunately.  Not one thing we ordered was good.  The gnocchi was overly rich and salty.  The mushroom "pizzette" was inedible.  The veal parmesan was salty, tough and uninspired.  My pork chop was overcooked and did not seem like it was brined (a must for creating moist pork).Luckily, we brought our own wine and paid the corkage ($35).  Our waiter was professional enough to take off the pizza from our bill and offered us a complimentary cappuccino.I would skip this place - too bad as the ambiance is nice and other than this we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Wynn.
2	Of all of the restaurants that we ate at in The Wynn this was the most disappointing. The service was eehh... the food was ehh and terribly overpriced and overall the experience was nothing to ohh and ahh over.Some of the low points were- Slow disingenuous service: It took them like 5 years to get us menus and I most have asked 6 times for bread. (Finally) after like 45 minutes and lashing at our waitress, we finally got our bread-Food was mediocher- squach blossoms were oily and uninspired and my girl friends steak lacked flavor and was dosed in sauce- kin of like "bad hotel" food. IT was funny because my guyfriend and I both ordered the monkfish because the servers RAVED about it and he pretty much summed it up when asked how his food was he, "It tastes like monkfish." Nothing more.I recommend skipping one and Im sure wont be there too long
3	This is a very nice place to just relax. The drinks are not priced like the ambiance, just normal Vegas standard. The food was impeccable as to be expected, but way too overpriced for the size...again which was to be expected. I think I liked it because the lighting and everything just felt so calm. I do not know if this was for sheer laziness or consideration, but I liked how the waiters did not come over every 10 minutes to ask how things are doing. One freaky moment though, some dude and his wife kept staring at me. It was a blatant stare, not even a glance, for a good 5 sets of 2 minute each, and considering they were seated right next to me, made it awwwwkwaarrrrrd. I started getting annoyed so I though crap, might as well stare back, but their perv power put me in my place right away.
4	Gorgeous just like the Wynn! In continuation of our shop , drink, drink, drink, shop we decided to eat a little more.  We sat at the bar and had a few Grey gooses and mussels. UMMM, the mussel's were very good. The little broth that it had was very flavorful and rich. At the bottom of the plate was a generous piece of grilled bread to soak it up. The bar staff was great and attentive. The decor was beautiful yet understated for the over the top Wynn. I wish we would have stayed for dinner but we had other bars to hit.
5	I had the BEST baked lobster ziti here. It was unreal how good it was, perfectly tender ziti baked in a rich, creamy sauce with huge hunks of silken tender lobster on top. So good. The restaurant has a beautiful interior of rich reds and brown that reflects the wonderful and rich food. I also had the calamari which was delicious and a stellar caesar salad. Finished with the white chocolate amaretto cheesecake which was the most perfect, decadent end to the meal.
4	I ate here but only sat at the bar to get a quick bite and a glass of wine before Spamalot.  I really liked it.  I was able to quickly get a spot at the bar, had friendly service and got my food and drinks very quickly.  And, both food and wine were good.  I cannot recall which red wine I had but they had a nice list of wines from which I could choose.  I had a margherita-style pizza, which was the perfect size for my intended light pre-show meal, and it was very good.  I like sitting at the bar because it is like being at a friendly craps table - everyone talks to you.  It was really enjoyable.  The man next to me was eating the calamari (appetizer, I think) and he was going on and on about how great it was and how it was the best-cooked calamari he'd ever eaten (apparently he cooks calamari himself (quite often).  I was sort of hoping he'd offer me a bite but he didn't.  Oh, well - I'll just have to order it myself next time :)
5	We've been to this restaurant a couple of times.  The service is friendly and the atmosphere is upbeat and noisy.  It a typical trendy, open kitchen restaurant, with a comforting menu of old favorites with a fresh taste.On my last visit, I ordered their special of Filet with Lobster Gnocchi.  The filet was good, but the gnocchi was suburb.  There wasn't much of it on the plate, so I had really pace myself and not eat it all within three bites.  They were light little dumplings infused with lobster flavor, with a light cream sauce.  Wonderful.  I wish they had offered just the gnocchi as a full entree.Other dishes that we tried from our visits were the calamari, home made Italian meatballs, the roasted chicken, and the braised short ribs.  Everything is delicious.  Our servers are always helpful with questions and are enthusiastic.  I like that.  It's one of the slightly cheaper dinner places available at the Wynn, but regardless, it's worth a try.  The menu keeps changing, so I'm sure you'll find something new and delicious every visit.Definitely make reservations for this restaurant.  As this place is located right off the walkway from the hotel garage, there are a lot of walk-in diners.
5	I went there on May 2, 2008 with my husband. We made reservations that day and went about 7:30 PM. We had a show to go to and they put that so we wouldn't be late. There was a huge party there that night that took up most of the place, but that didn't bother me. Our waitress was great, very informative and nice. I had the absolute BEST appletini in the entire world. Great drinks!! Great place to people watch and I am glad I dressed up because it says casual and I didn't see anyone casual in there.  Small place so make sure you have reservations.  I had the veal parmesan and could cut it with my fork, my husband had the halibat and really enjoyed it and he is picky. Great bread basket with a variety of breads and pesto, yummy :)
5	I had dinner here with my company while in town for an industry convention; it's inside the beautifully landscaped Wynn and the restaurant is just as gorgeous. The ambience is warm and inviting yet modern: rich dark walls, chocolate lampshades with white bark stems, steel,quartz, and wood wall art, buttery red chairs and cushy white leather booths, the works. There is music and conversation so it was perect for our group to socialize. Our waiter was prompt, attentive, and courteous. He explained entrees ingredients and preparation with expertise. We got two big baskets of bread-a few different varieties and an olive oil/pesto dipping sauce. Our client is a big wine buff so we had a few red selections for the table which were all very smooth. For appetizers we had the goat cheese salad, calamari, shrimp, and mussels. My main dish was the porkchop-a cut that was described as the Kobe Beef of Porkchops. It was accompanied with spinach and grain type side. To complete the meal I had a latte with a sugar rock stirrer and the cappucino dessert. One word describes the meal and experience: perfection. The portions were just right; ingredients and sauces created the perfect combo of flavors and textures. The porkchop was thick, juicy, and impeccably cooked. I especially loved the salad-it had truffles and goat cheese with arugula it really packed a lot of flavor. My colleagues had sorbet/gelato for dessert and it came in a clear acrylic carrier with 3 flavors in mini ice cream cones. So chic and nostalgic! I had a taste of the short rib-it melts in your mouth but it is extremely rich-not for the dieting or sensitive stomach types. We enjoyed the meal and great conversation which this place is conducive of. Service was first class. Eating at new restaurants like these are one of the great rewards at the end of a busy day at work! I'd definitely recommend Corsa; next time I'd like to try the lobster ziti-sounded so delish but I couldn't pass up the kobe of pork!
2	Ok, I've compared Wing Lei (Wynn's Chinese restaurant) to Panda Express.....and now I have to compare Corsa Cucina to Olive Garden.  And no, I'm not crazy, or some snobby SOB who expects the very most from a $120/person meal.  I know food in Vegas is expensive....that's the way it goes......so I could care less about the dollars....I care more about the actual food.Ok, ok, maybe not Olive Garden, but really nothing special.  If you're looking for a decent meal, then this place is fine.  The salad is good, the appetizers are good, the drinks are good, the wine selection is solid, and the meals are ok.  The main theme - good, good, good, solid, ok....nothing fantastic. It's a nice and vibrant place, so you'll even feel and look cool while you trade stories with your buddies of how your straight got flushed out the night before.  The service, as with any other restaurant at the Wynn, is great.  It's also a decent place to people watch....especially the locals who are heading to Tryst from the Wynn parking garage.I personally think most of the restaurants at the Wynn are over-rated.  I think they all garner maybe 1-1.5 more stars than they actually deserve, just because they're at the Wynn.  If you're feeling like a little Italian, and you're near the Wynn, might as well go....nothing spectacular, but it'll get the job done.
