5	Loved it.  Big hit with both my kids.
5	Great place! Tons of flavors!
5	Best yogurt place ever!! In the words of my 8 year old son, "only open 2 weeks, and already my favorite dessert place!" Not only do they have the best tasting yogurt, (lots of home made flavors) they are the nicest  people you ever care to meet! We always say we are going to just go in for 15 minutes, and end up staying over an hour. Derick the owner is so genuine, and so good with kids. We have also met his wife a couple of times and she is just as great! They have a great art area for the kids so adults can enjoy some great company !  We have gone 5 times in a week and an a half, I would like to say it is just because we enjoy supporting local businesses, which we do.... But truth is i now crave Greek yogurt with honey nightly! Also The kids beg me to go.....
5	We found this place last night after going to the movies.  Score!  It's within walking distance from the house and their Peanut Butter is out of this world!  We will be back, again and again!!  Anyone know their hours?  They should get on facebook! :)
5	What an awesome place!  The flavors are so fresh and delicious. The flavors are homemade and the peanut butter is out of this world. I also LOVE the Dulce de Leche. So yummy!  Our kids loved playing in Chandler's Corner with the big dry erase board and coloring pages.  The owner, Derek, is the nicest guy you'll meet.  This place is our new favorite frozen yogurt shop.
5	My wife and I like to consider oursleves big Fro-Yo people, and this is the best frozen yogurt we've ever found.  I don't typically write reviews on this stuff, but after being here a few times, I had to do it.  Tons of flavors (Peanut Butter is out of control), great toppings (Nutella!), and very friendly people running it.  After a long day a work, a bike ride, or walk with the dog, this place is perfect.
5	I was very excited to see that this place had opened.  What a great location. Next to movie theaters and bowling center.  This will be a regular for me.First time last night. I tried combo of Pistachio Peanut Butter, and Vanilla Bean.  All were very good.  Pistachio is on the top of my list now.  But Peanut Butter is close. I thought price was very good also.  Seemed a little lower in price than some other similar yogurt places I have gone. For those that don't know, it is self serve.  Fill a cup from about 15 or so choices of different soft frozen yogurt. Try it.  Its better than your ice cream places.
5	I agree! Glad the cupcake place next door was closed for the week! That's the only reason why we stepped in here!Delicious and creative flavors! Perfect balance of yogurt and ingredients! The watermelon and pomberry sorbets are my favorite so far!And I SO appreciate the FREE samples! Yeah! Stop by and try this place! It's quaint, cheery, bright and cool inside!Treat your taste buds!
5	Oh yesssss...it's that good!I recommend the pistachio, the pomegranate, and the coconut. Not all at once of course. I recommend visiting multiple times. Lucky for me, this is in the same location as my son's school, so we celebrate the slightest of milestones here once a week. It's GREAT for kids, with their coloring desk and puzzles. And the toppings are yummy!
5	Wow wowee wow wow!!! Five star all the way - the Strawberry Banana Bliss is appropriately named.  Have been back several times since this is now my favorite frozen confection establishment. Super nice and personable folks running the place.
4	Great selection, fresh ingredients and a fan for the family first atmosphere.
4	Great yogurt but lacking in the toppings department. Also not as many yogurt flavor options as most other yogurt shops.  However, a good stop if you're in the area and craving frozen yogurt.
5	great- owners very friendly,always trying new flavors.
5	Friendly atmosphere,great yogurt and reasonable pricing. What more could you wish for?
5	Very tasty yogurt with some original flavors. Very clean and fun environment. They recently showed some generosity towards our family and we are to spreading the word about this local business. We highly suggest the Oatmeal Cookie flavor. TasteBuds Frozen Yogurt is now the official frozen yogurt of our family. Yahoo!!!
5	Great Place nice flavors and topings. Always pleasent staff.
5	Out and about  with the kids, we came across Tasebuds Frozen yogurt, definitely a sweet spot in Gilbert! I let the cashier know it was our first visit, she gave me a punchcard and let us know we could try some samples with their mini cups, all of which were tasty and made it difficult to choose. I finally decided to go with the oh so good pistachio, topped with a bit of cake batter. Why not it's FroYo, and the signs on the wall said they were rich in probiotics, and calcium, even offered some that were gluten and lactose free with no sugar added!  Sounded like guilt free goodness to me! With unexpected flavors, and tasty looking topping we all filled up a cup and dug in! A great family place to hang out, it's painted with bright colors, had a couple tv's, one playing kid's movies next to a coloring table, and dry erase boards on the walls. I handed the friendly cashier the punch card and  to my surprise we earned a freebie on our first visit and within a few days have already returned to claim our free 6 ounces, oatmeal cookie mixed with cake batter for me and chocolate topped with cherries for my girl! A tastebud delight, we'll be back for sure!
5	Best FroYo around!!!! Fun little place in Gilbert. Great for anyone of any age! While there I happen to overhear a little girl tell her mom that the owner "was magic". Always a friendly staff and clean place and by far the best FroYo I've had in the east valley.
5	This place has, by far, the best froyo!  The flavors actually taste like the real thing.  Just had the coconut yogurt and it had flakes of real coconut in it.  Plus, the owners and employees are really friendly.
5	Hellooooo Froyoooooo!!!! I actually don't eat a lot of sweets at all, and if I had a choice between ice cream or froyo I would typically choose ice cream. BUT I was actually in the mood for some froyo this time and of course Yelp saved the day again. I found this place on Yelp and it had such good ratings and reviews that I had to check it out. When you first walk in everything is very colorful. I think I had an "Ikea" weekend, because this place was also decked out in Ikea furniture and decorations. lol. I loved it though because it felt very friendly and welcoming. I got the coconut and cookies and cream yogurt. They have sooooo many toppings there. The one that stuck out to me was the boba. There was mango and strawberry so I wanted to try it. I was expecting it to be chewy like usual boba is, but it's the kind that explodes in your mouth! lol. I really liked this place. It was pretty packed here on a Saturday night when we went. I also liked how there's a little fountain right next to it. Makes it feel peaceful. Bonus? It's like 5 minutes from my house! I'll definitely be coming here again soon especially with this amazing weather we've been having. =P
5	TasteBuds is great! Their frozen yogurt is always fresh and delicious. The cake batter is a must get!!!!! They have tons of flavors and toppings.
4	The service was good & flavor varieties good. Consistency to the yogurt nice. Would like to see some non-sweet options
4	This is a real good place. It would be great if they had coffee
5	This place is great. The owner is a great guy and super friendly. He has put a lot of heart into this place. The Fro-Yo is amazing and he is always open to new ideas.
5	My favorite frozen yogurt spot! It's small, but so good. If you are a chocolate chip cookie dough fan, you will love their cookie dough topping. It actually looks and tastes exactly like the real deal.  Oh, and the guy who was working the cash register was very polite and friendly.
5	The yogurt is great, the owner is very friendly and is a great math tutor if you need help with homework while you enjoy your treat!!
5	Yummy dairy free options and the price is lower than other yogurt shops. The owner was super cool and is receptive to new flavor ideas.
5	Great froyo and a fun atmosphere. Our family loves going here! Flavors are always super tasty!
5	This is by far the best froyo in the area!  All of the flavors actually taste like they have the actual ingredients in them vs. just being chemically enhanced.  We like the fresh strawberry, peanut butter and coconut.  The toppings are also fresh and good.. although I would like to see Capt. Crunch added to the rotation.  We will be back again for sure :)
5	Great hidden spot. Good selection of toppings and plenty of patio seats. We'll be back!
5	Tastebuds is the entrance to Heaven . . . as in . . . their address is something-something Heaven's Gate Avenue. . .One of my favorite features about this business is their cute kid area. This is a nice spot for the kiddos to color and maybe use crayons as toppings for their ice cream. No judgement, I frequented the Play-Doh as small cookies back in my day.Aside from that, if I am not mistaken I believe the area may be dedicated to a child that left this world too early. It's a great way to memorialize a precious child that was loved by so many.Let's talk about the froyo itself- delishhh! I rationalize going to Tastebuds so frequently by telling myself that it is healthy (before I pimp it out in toppings.) The flavors are really yummy and do not taste artificial. TOPPINGS!! I love trying different combinations and TasteBuds has a great variety. Sometimes when I get gummy bears, I try to race against time and eat them before they become gummy rocks. Not such a good idea, you can get a tummy ache and limit the amount of froyo liquid you are able to drink at the bottom of the cup.Go to Tastebuds :) Go so much you become a Buddy for LIFE! FOR LIFE!!!! That means when you are 80.. you can walk up in that joint and be like . . . when I was 7 I had to walk 4 miles in desert heat to get to the Froyo! We didn't have flying monkeys to transport us to the Froyo!!!
5	This ain't no chain, folks! You can tell 'cuz this place is off the hook!Delicious yogurt with favorite and creative flavors from the grand mix-master himself, "Cool Funky D". Grab the kids and grandparents and head over for a delicious cool treat. You won't be disappointed!C'mon, seriously, why are you still reading? Get in the car already!  :)
4	I am an over the top froyo lover. I would eat it everyday if I could.I have been to TasteBuds twice in the last week and have been impressed with the friendliness of the staff on both occasions.They are helpful and knowledgeable about the the yogurt and keep the topping bar looking clean and stocked.My only complaint is the low number of no sugar added options. I think strawberry sorbet was the only flavor that was offered on my last two visits...and while it was tasty...it wasn't what I was in the mood for.Aside from that, love the location and will definitely be back in the future!
5	it was the best frozen yogurt place I've ever been too. The flavors were fun to choose from and so good I couldn't put it down. I'm definitely going back!
5	This is the best frozen yogurt around. I'm glad it's right around the corner from my house. My wife and I love this place and have been going here a lot since we found it a couple of weeks ago. I've tried most of the flavors here. Honestly you can't go wrong but my favorites are the sea salt caramel, strawberry, and coconut. I always add gummy bears and gummy worms at the end. Their topping selection doesn't seem to be as vast as yogurtland but their frozen yogurt is 100x better than yogurtland (which I love btw).
4	Love this place. Flavors are great and service is wonderful! Never had a bad experience there and go twice a week. AWESOME!
5	Absolutely love, love, love this place. The employees are always super friendly, especially Katie. The fro-yo is the best compared to any others we've tried, and we've tried many. Their loyalty program is the most rewarding and will be another reason we keep coming back!
2	My family and I have been searching for a good frozen yogurt because of a yogurt we loved back home. We did not find this very kid friendly was very stuffed. We like Menchie's a lot more. We will just stick with them.
3	Fruit. I. Want. Fruit. We came in last weekend because I was craving FroYo! I liked how the sample cups were on the counter in little stacks. There are some places closer to my house that require the staff getting my samples, I refuse to go there as a result. After trying a couple different ones, I got Cake Batter like always. Normally it's just the frozen yogurt and a boatload of fruit (and cookie dough) but you didn't have any fruit besides strawberries and they were partially frozen. This is a location I would plan on visiting frequently if you have fruit. So I guess next time I'll walk in, check out the fruit situation first. If not, you can't be the only place near by.
5	Loved the cake batter and the toppings are all AWESOME!!!
5	Best froyo ever! Always feel welcome. Great taste! Id recommend this place to anyone. Haven't found better tasting froyo anywhere. Salted Carmel is my favorite!
5	Hands down this is my favorite frozen yogurt place on the east valley! All of the staff members I have meet are very nice, helpful, and conversational! I started going here over 2 years ago. Their peanut butter frozen yogurt is definitely the best I have had on the east side! There peanut butter squeeze on topping is equally amazing! The only complaint I have is that they don't offer peanut butter cookie dough as a topping. I have suggested the employees pass that on to the owners and I know at least one has passed on my request. I hope they some day finally decide to carry it!... Regardless, I love this place and even though I moved far from this location it is so good that I have driven all the way there just to enjoy my favorite delicious naughty treat! If you can't tell... I love peanut butter!
