4	New spot right in Latta Arcade!!  This is a popular lunch spot during the week.  It is standing room only and take-out only.  There are standard salad options or make your own!!  That is my favorite!  I have tried several different proteins including the shrimp, pork tenderloin and the tofu.  All proteins are sauteed up fresh for you while you wait.  Prices are very reasonable - about $9 bucks for most salads.  Comparable to Dean and Deluca any day - size and freshness are very similar (but Crisp is cheaper!!)Get there early - a line starts to form inside.  You will love it!  This is my new favorite Uptown lunch place.  Grab your salad here and head to Romare park or to the atrium to sit and people watch.   :-D
5	Love this place! I eat lunch here probably 3 times a week. It is quick and healthy and some of the best salads I've had. I eat a different salad everyday from the Crisp selections- great protein portions and generous with the portions. Only drawback is there can be a long line from 11:30-1pm. Staff is so sweet as well and make an effort to always remember your name!
5	Just discovered this place and has become my new favorite healthy lunch spot! You can customize everything and they grill up the meats right on the spot! They have salmon, chicken, pork, shrimp, steak, and tofu for proteins. Huge portions and about $9-10 for a super filling salad. As mentioned, the line can build up around lunch time but they do push people through fairly quickly, so it isnt too bad.There isn't any seating inside. However, there are alot of chairs outside and tables in the park across the street.
1	Not again!Smell wasn't good as I entered the place. The lady who prepared my salad was wiping her sweet with her arms&shoulder. Ordered the special, grilled grouper salad, I paid and waited by the grill. 3-4 orders were delivered to the people who placed orders after me and then I realized that grouper was not even on the grill yet! I asked the lady about my order and she said "fish take longer". I didn't want to start an argument so I kept quite.  After all, the salad wasn't good and the grouper wasn't cooked enough. Terrible.
2	Today was my first time at this location... The reason I have not been to this location is because they do not carry a full menu. I rather have a sandwich than salad. Therefore, I always go next door to Clover Joes, which has the best subs in town!To be honest I don't think ill be back to this location. Why?1.  Customer service is awfulOne o the girls working today could not hide her face expression on how much she was hating her job...2.  They don't offer a full menu3.  It is a very small location and it did not smell so well in there...Pros:I had the small  flank steak  salad and  it was pretty tasty!
4	Got the special, Chicken Wrap with corn salsa on it and pasta salad as a side.  Good food overall, not spectacular.  Everyone working there was really nice, no complaints.
3	Okay so not to be critical but they make salads. Are they really good salads? I would say they are good. Mind blowing not sure about that, A couple things I liked. If you add a meat of some kind they grill it up fresh and that is great. I got salmon one day and it was very tasty. The ingredients are fresh as well and hey since it's a salad that's pretty important.Where they fall short is the lettuce is not chopped up enough and so you are stuck trying to cut up these giant lettuce leaves with a flimsy plastic knife and fork. Not site where their lettuce comes from but it's like something out of Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2. Serious salad monsters. Second the people making the salads are what I can only describe as intense. I realize they are busy and in a hurry but as the joker would ask - why so glum? It just isn't a good vibe. I mean sorry your store is way too small for the hordes of people that try to jam in there but not really my issue.That brings us to number three. The place is small. Too small for the crowds they get. Hopefully they are going to move into the old Quiznos location a couple doors down. I mean seriously they almost need crowd control. If you like cozy well you'll really like it. No place to sit it is to go only.So would I go there again. After three visits I'm going to have to say no. Line is too long, the person on the grill is always behind, and well I want my lunch from people who can take 5 seconds to smile and be thankful that I'm supporting their business.So summary. Salads are good as long as you are okay with a few quirks. I'll wave at you when you're in line while I head down to metropolitan or Valhalla. Enjoy.
4	12:30p and the line out the door is not too bad. Wait was less than 8 minutes to order. Person taking the order is multi-tasking but is listening when asked her to go east on the dressing. The person at register was quick and smiled as I paid. My salad was ready less than a minute. I had the special of the day- turkey bacon apple salad in an apple cider vinaigrette. Romaine was cut chunky. Abundance of turkey wheels, large bacon bits, sliced toasted almonds, sliced apples, and blue cheese. Dressing was not too tart either.Cost: $10 and some change.It's a good filling fresh salad. Service was just fine. Next time I forget my lunch, I'll come here, unless I find a place where fresh salads are a bit cheaper in price.
4	Crisp is pretty solid when you're craving a salad. They have tons of variety to choose from and ingredients to appeal to anyone. I enjoy adding crumbled blue cheese and their roasted red peppers along with steak and spinach to my salad. It is made to order so the steak takes time to cook. It's not sitting there in a container. If you go for lunch be prepared for a huge line and difficulty finding seating. The prices are a little up there, but it's appetizing nonetheless.
2	I doubt the line out the door that can be seen every workday lunch rush is due to the food.  The salads are okay, I guess, but they're nothing special.  They don't even really chop up the ingredients, so you're left with a $9 salad that has paper plate sized pieces of lettuce that fling dressing all over your shirt.  The portions are pretty large, so maybe all these would-be healthy eaters justify eating a 5lb. salad because it's health bacon, egg, and salad dressing on there.  3000 calorie salad?  hell yes!  that thing's loaded with veg.  The worst violation I saw, was a mass of obviously old (and looking rather slimey) mushrooms.  Cmon now - with that demand, you have to be the freshiest of the fresh.Maybe the line out the door is for the display put on by the saladristas?  It's like watching German efficiency with New York attitude and Japanese volume throw ingredients in a bowl.  At least they take and yell your name out when it's ready - you're part of the show!No, the real reason there is a line out the door is because the lunch crowd of Charlotte is DESPERATE for healthy alternatives.  Even though Crisp may not exactly hit the mark, they're the first salad joint in Charlotte and have cashed in.  If any of the owners happen across this review - I'd recommend taking a trip up to DC and checking out Chopt creative salad company.  Really think there is a high ceiling for a restaurant concept like this, so learning from a company that is killing with the same concept will bring a fresh (no pun intended) look into your offering.
