4	I was pleased with their service. They gave me best price i found around (Which is still way too much if you ask me.), selection of frames is quite impressive, help to pick best one for the money and style and overall service with a smile. It was also ready super quick and framing looks pretty good. Nothing really to bitch about except generally high p[rices for such service. "I like"
5	I needed a custom frame for some Hawkeye memorabilia I have.  Having never had any custom framework done, I had no idea what to expect.  The woman at FastFrame was as nice as could be, helped me with the process step by step, and actually helped me develop my idea into a much more fulfilling design.Framing isn't cheap, but FastFrame is the best quality for the best price.  I even got a hand written thank you in the mail after my purchase.  That was a nice touch.If you need any framing done, I highly recommend.
5	Over the past three years, Tracy at Fast Frame Chandler has designed about 10 important pieces of art & memorabilia for us. It started with a newspaper article and  since than it's been more press and some art for our house. Not only is the framing exquisite, but the level of knowledge, for design is very helpful when you need a direction for your project. Tracy is great to work with, she has a wonderful personality, and she makes the daunting task of picking which frame and what matte will look good with your art,  fun.  Right now Fast Frame is working on three more pieces for us, I know they will be above my exceptions as I have become accustom to, with working with Tracy. If you need a project done, fast and professionally than Fast Frame Chandler is the place to go!
5	I, as per usual, procrastinated a birthday gift. I found myself at very last minute looking to frame a piece of artwork. Micheal's wanted a two week turnaround time (?!) but they recommended FastFrame for quicker work. I called, and the owner said to get my butt down there ASAP and they'd be able to accommodate me. I flew down with artwork in hand, and Tracy helped me from start to finish. She was conscious of my budget and helped me find a way to display the piece in a way to give me the most visual impact for my dollar. I was able to pick up my finished piece within a few hours, and I was stunned at the quality of the work and how much more the artwork stood out against a beautiful, professional frame and matting.I can't recommend this place enough, and I'll be back for all my future framing needs.
5	Great service, work and price!! Thanks Tracy!!!
5	All I can say is WOW! I went in to have a really odd sized picture framed and Janice took the BEST care of me. I had a particular price range in mind and she gave me all my options that would fall within that range. It really took the guess work out of everything. And if you think there aren't many options when it comes to framing, you wouldn't believe how wrong you are. The best thing was that the whole time I was in the store I had her undivided attention, even though she was dealing with other customers as well. She made me and my wife feel so comfortable and welcome, we will definitely be back for our future framing needs.
5	Fast Frame Picture Framing is the real deal.   They came through for us on a last minute project and honestly they went above and beyond what we were expecting.  I felt as though they honestly cared about my satisfaction and went that extra mile that companies these days seldom do.
3	I dropped off two frames to have the matting changed , and had a miss-communication on the time frame of when the project would be completed.  I dropped these off on Tuesday and the gentlemen said he could have them ready by Friday.  I show up on Monday and he said I thought you meant this Friday.  It wasn't a big deal for me but I will be clarifying the time frame for completion from here on out.  Otherwise everything else was great, and finished product turned out great.
2	I will say they did a good job on the framing.Here is what went wrong. I asked if they could get the job on Tuesday, even when the paper said for a Thursday. I came in on Tuesday, and my picture was't ready. It wasn't even started. I asked if I could get a refund, and they say they don't give refunds. I got my picture the next week. I don't think I will go back.
2	I bought a canvas print and wanted it stretched over an inexpensive frame.  Because of the cut of the canvas I asked ot have the picture wrapped over the edge of the wooden frame.  I was talked out of that idea for a thinner/wider wooden frame that might allow the picture to be mounted without wrapping the image.  I paid and waited a week.  Finally received a call stating there would need to be 1/4" of image wrapped on top and bottom but not sides.  I agreed.   Couple days later got a call it was ready to pick up.  I went to pick it up at 2:30pm.  A sign in the store window said "back at 4:30pm". ugh.....  At 4:30pm I picked up the canvas and they had wrapped the image  just 1/4 inch on top, bottom AND sides.  It was also not mounted on the flatter wider board I was sold but on a cheap frame.  I left the store with the canvas.  I should go back and have them make this right but my experience so far doesn't lend to a potential better outcome so I'm cutting my losses.  FastFrame?  I was expecting "fast"... not so.  I'd not return.
