1	I hate this place, but it was the only place close to home playing "Shutter" and the guy REALLY wanted to go see it.  On a Friday night.  After curfew hours.  On the movie's opening night.Big mistake. But, as paying patrons, a mistake we should be allowed to make without getting up forty minutes into a film demanding our money back.The film is rated PG-13, so any obnoxious teenybop could get in without adult supervision or an ID.  The manager, knowing the film's rating and potential popularity with the younger crowd chose not to place at least ONE attendant inside the cinema playing "Shutter".  Instead, they allowed the theatre to be jampackedfull of loud, disrespectful, cussing children, all probably under 16.  Several people complained, and never once did anyone come in to do anything about the problem (I literally could not hear the movie 80% of the time because so many teenybops were shouting and yelling for NO REASON).  Finally, I got up and demanded to speak to the manager.  She told me she could give me my money back or I could "stay and try to stick it out"  Are you effing kidding me, lady?  What kind of customer service is THAT!?I told them I would gladly volunteer my Friday nights (since no one Yelps on Friday nights, anyway) and enforce proper theatre etiquette if I got to beat the fool out of any and every little snot that disrupts a privilege that not only they, but every other patron has paid to enjoy.  I was kindly asked to step out to the box office to receive my refund and leave the premises.
1	The theatres are too small, they overcharge on refreshments/snacks. customer service really isnt all that great...
1	The seats are not comfortable at all- my back always hurts when I watch a movie here. I used to watch movies here when I lived in the area, when there was no other place to go. I would much rather go to Sam's Town, if we are on that side of town.
2	They say "You get what you pay for", now, with movie ticket prices the way that they are, that's not always the case.  You have brand new, clean somewhat spacious theaters that sell tickets for the same price as not so new, not so clean and not so spacious places.  Take for instance this establishment.  I can't say that I will never set foot in this place again (which would garner 1 star) nor can I say that this place is a hidden gem and I want to watch all my movies here, haha.  It's not my first choice when I want to go to a movie but most of the friends that I see movies with live in this area =/  So I have the misfortune of having this theater and Sam's Town to choose from when the fancy strikes to watch a movie.  There is really nothing special about this place and I wouldn't be hard pressed if I never set foot in that theater again (but unfortunately I know that I will, and it will probably be soon =/....)  I'm sorry to come off a bit brash but it's pretty bad when you go into the movie theater and feel like someone is going to jump you from there being such little lighting by the entrances of the separate movie theaters.  Seriously, you feel like your gonna get mugged if you stay in that hallway for very long and literally someone could jump you and no one would be the wiser!  But that's neither here nor there....  I guess all I can say to sum up my feelings about this place is, I don't know maybe I need new friends, haha, j/k..... or am I?!?!?
3	I came here and watched 'Act of Valor' last night. This is a standard theater, nothing special. The floor was a little sticky where I first sat, so I moved seats. Nobody was loud or talkative, good crowd to watch with. I'll probably try another theater if I have the time to make a drive next time.
3	This theater is inside the Boulder Station Casino. We went to a 10:30 show and it was a pretty decent place. It was convenient and the concessions are like any other Regal theater, just a little smaller and not as glitzy.
2	Very basic theater. Seats are uncomfortable and sound quality isn't all that great.
3	I'm going to base this review off of what this theater really is: a small theater that has not been updated in awhile and it probably will not be anytime soon. Living on the East side of the Valley your movie watching areas are limited, unless you want to drive a half an hour to go see a movie. Some nights the hubby and I just don't feel like making the drive, but we want to see a movie.Therefore: Boulder Station.The theater is small, has only 11 screens, the customer service is wavering between okay and rude most of the time, but also inept as a majority of the people who run this theater are teenagers with a high turn-over rate. The snack bar is overpriced, just like any other theater you will walk into these days. Theaters are small and unimpressive, but at least they have stadium seating. There's no huge IMAX screens here and I don't believe they do 3D, but if you just want to go see a movie - it will do.
2	This theater is typically not as clean or comfortable as other Regal Cinemas located at other station casinos.  Specifically, I nearly always have a better movie watching experience at Sunset Station or Green Valley Ranch.  The employees are friendly at Boulder, and it's entrance is right near the parking garage exit, so that's nice to not have to walk through a smoky casino to get to the theater.
1	The customer service experience at this theater always sucks but this past Saturday was over the top horrible. I went to see an "R"-rated movie and the ticket agent asked to see my ID before selling me a ticket. I asked why and was told tickets for "R"-rated movies can only be sold to those 18 and older. WHAT??? That's a 'cute' request when you are in your mid-20's to mid/late 30's BUT I AM 50!!! That isn't 'cute'. It's just plain insulting. My experience goes on. The theater for the movie I purchased a ticket for was completely full. So with $25 in popcorn, soda and nacho's I accepted tickets for another movie - the movie was BORING. Then the power went out. 20 minutes later I asked if I could just get a pass and come back and finish the movie another day. Well, they could if I had my ticket stub. Oh geez  - not sure where I put that. After an argument they finally gave me a pass to return. $50 for a movie experience ($23 for tickets, $26 for snacks) just shouldn't be this awful. I am going to consider other entertainment options with a better service experience.
2	Like many others, I go here because there are not many options on the east side, and Sam's Town ( a solid 3 star establishment) isn't always showing what you want to see. Have to hand it to them that the theater is on one end of the building, so you don't have to walk all the way through the casino to get to it. Unfortunately there isn't really a whole lot of parking convenient to the entrance (am I the only one who has noticed that the State of Nevada has issued handicapped placards to EVERYONE)? There used to be valet service at that door, but it disappeared along with the rest of their customer service long ago.So, you have to tack an extra 15 minutes on to your trip so you don't miss the previews, which, as we all know, are the best part. On the other hand, don't hurry down, as we did, to make it to a showing that starts before 5 to get the slightly more reasonable matinee prices. No matinee rates on the weekend. Seriously?In addition, we got into the (horrifically overpriced) concession line with only one party ahead of us, but it seemed to be a complicated transaction because the other line managed to serve 4 groups before the befuddled teenager in ours finally figured it out. Don't know which of the kids was supposed to be in charge of popcorn, but they were all out and BG had to go back and pick it up (at least it was hot and fresh). The theater was adequate if not great, but we were disturbed a couple of times by youngsters chasing each other up the aisles. Where are the Nazi-trained ushers of my youth, standing with arms crossed and jaws clenched, ready to take out the frustration of their miserable circumstances on any intrepid hooligan who dared step out of line? Better yet, where were their parents? Probably at the Galaxy, which is where I'm going next time no matter what.
3	I like this place. Every time I come there's a small line, even on opening night and the screens aren't bad. They give student discount except on the weekends. They always give military discounts so that's another reason why I like coming here. Oh, you also get free refills on popcorn too, so eat up!
4	I can't complain, a movie on a big screen is the same as any other big screen to me. I watched Captain america I think, and it was still just as good as any other place I watched any other movie.
1	First off the tickets are more expensive on the computer then they are when you pay in person but that may not be the theaters fault...we got here early to get our seats and they said that the movie theater was still  showing in our theatre when we asked them how long will it take before the movies over the man responded by saying however long it takes really rude. We were not allowed to go inside to at least sit down in the hallway or something ...they made us go out to the benches which were already full . Also this theater is dirty and smells. Will not be coming here again if I can avoid it.
