4	The new Cargo Coffee location is a wonderful addition to the near East side.  It retains all the positive attributes of their Park Street location (friendly service, bold roasts, geographic theme) in a new vibrant setting.  In addition to their flavorful bold, aromatic coffees, this location offers pastries, a small lunch menu, wine and beer.The location offers a variety of seating options.  You can socialize with friends sitting in the comfy chairs and sofa in the entry area with high ceilings and illuminated with natural light from two story glass windows.  If you need to turn out a project, grab an Atomic Roast and head over to the dimly lit upper deck area. Things I liked:* Free, fast wi-fi.  Even though the place was packed with an army of laptop-toting students, the performance of my wi-fi connection did not suffer.* Drive through window* The pleasant, efficient staff thoroughly explained the different blends offered that day to this appreciative first time visitor.* Free parking in the entire first floor of the parking garage (enter on Livingston Ave)* The loyalty punch card works also works at the other Cargo Coffee location on Park and Ground Zero on Willy Street.  Ten punches gets you a free drink.Things I didn't:* A small quibble, but I would like to see more sofas and comfy chairs.  The availability of free parking on the near east side will definitely make Cargo Coffee East a location I frequent often.
4	Yay!!! A coffee shop right below my building!Pros: It's downstairs. I can literally roll out of bed, down the stairs, and into the coffee shop. It's got a drive through!! Perfect for days like these! (aka subzero temperatures with wind chills that don't even make sense).Free wi-fi! Everything is better free. Fact.Cons: The interior is kind of cold. Not cold in the physical sense, but cold in the this-place-is-kind-of-depressing sense. I realize the direction of the coffee shop doesn't really bring in much sunlight, which would definitely liven this place up.I suggest having more lamps (maybe have a few torchiere floor lamps by the corners to add some general lighting). Otherwise, their selection of drinks is pretty standard, and the service is efficient and fast.
4	Finally tried the cafe in my building!! I like it better than ground zero because of the space! It's huge. Has a spacious downstairs and I haven't been upstairs but it looks spacious up there too. I really really really love the map decor on the wall....  II tried the coffee, iced americano, and sweetened green tea. and I tried the bear claw and the morning bun (both really good! not sure if they bake in house or bring it from elsewhere) Honestly... the drinks are not SUPER special (I feel the same way about Ground Zero) but it's good. Most of the chairs don't have cushion, but it's fine. I still manage to sit on those chairs for hours. Extra points for space and environment. AND DRIVE THROUGH IS AWESOME. There is a parking garage and lots of street parking... but you also have to battle for spots with people who live in the building haha
5	Very good coffee shop. I came in today to get a little work done without the distractions at home, and was pleasantly surprised with the layout. Lots of space to sit, many tables with two seats plus a handful of big ones if you're here with a group. The second floor / mezzanine is especially a nice touch. The coffee is good enough to want a second cup. I will certainly be back.
5	LOVE. JUST. LOVE.Spacious.OUTLETS GALORE.Super friendly staff.Comfy seating perfect for gettin' werk done.Did I mention the vegan baked goods?Gigantic painting of the Soviet Union (I feel at home). (JK). (Kind of).
5	Oooooooooooo la la! Aren't you fancy Cargo East aka Other Ground Zero. I like what you're doing here, and I'll be miserable when everyone discovers how easy it is to park, how lovely it is to order, and how kind my barista was to march my Americano up the stairs. There are outlets EVERYWHERE! And a range of seating options. You'll be just as comfortable in a huge group as I was with one other person. The drive through situation is pretty rad too, is there another good East Wash drive though I don't about? Pull into the covered parking from Livingston, which is perfect for snowy or rainy days.
5	Outlets. So many freaking outlets! I love Ground Zero, but the space is not very conducive to doing group work with computers. I need to power all my crap. Piles of it. And Cargo cares about my crap.  So, Cargo Coffee East is the place for me. Also, the coffee is good or whatever. Is that what people do here? Drink coffee?
3	Once again, I find myself teetering between 2-3 stars... Met a group of Yelpers here to slog through the #PizzaBracket pairings on 3/11/14. Arrived promptly at 7:00pm.+ Great space - very modern, yet cozy and comfy+ TONS of outlets - a bonus for a coffee shop+ Menu looked interesting, albeit quite limited+ Jasmine green tea was quite tasty+ Coffee was good- $0.75 refills?+ Fairly quiet and easy to converse with our group+ Well lit; appropriate for time of day- Wrap was meh. I got the "full pallet," which was supposed to come on a garlic herb wrap; instead it was on a plain wrap. Tasted primarily of cheese - I suspect the inclusion of two fairly robust cheeses overpowered the rest of the wrap.- The pickle was literally neon green; we all looked at it and agreed it probably wasn't very "natural" - I ventured a guess that it was a Vlassic pickle - it had that look/feel to it- The chicken tortilla soup contained exactly 0.0 pieces of chicken and 0.0 pieces of tortilla. It did, however contain hundreds of beans and a few kernels of corn. It had a decent flavor, but I wish I would've known I was ordering bean and corn soup.+ Pricing was fair - two drinks, the wrap, and soup came to $10-ish.+ Staff was decent+ Restrooms were clean and niceI think the food threw me off... had I been there only for coffee, it would've been a better overall experience.
5	Love the open and sunny space. I am not a coffee drinker, but their tea selection is fairly good (though their choice of quality green teas is limited). I usually have the ginger tea..
5	My daily drive through experience:- Exchange witty banter with the  barista at the window :)- Order, "the usual"- Check in on yelp!- Get my Cargo Coffee Card punched. I'm almost to my next free drink!- Pull forward to the next window- Receive and drive away with delicious, 3-shot Americano- Pat myself on the back for not ordering 1000 carbs of moist, delicious, chocolate chip pumpkin breadOther things I could probably do while in the drive through if I was so inclined:- Log onto the reliable wifi network- Probably plug something into an electrical outlet. I wouldn't be surprised if they had one in the drive through window.
3	Was looking for a new coffee spot to check out on Saturday, and stopped in at Cargo.It was okay.The place is certainly nice bright and spacious. There are plenty of seating options and some nice cozy areas. There is a nice large table towards the back for larger groups. The coffee was fine, but my chai was only okay. A little too milky and not enough chai flavor for me personally. The bear claw was really good. I passed on the food, because the low prices made me question how good the quality would be.The staff all seemed nice, but the lady who took my order (a little older with bottle blonde hair and glasses) was slow and seemed confused. Perhaps she is new?The atmosphere there isn't really my thing. The crowd was a little too snobby/hipster.Maybe I'll check it out again, but I won't rush back. Plenty of better coffee shops in town. If you want a stellar coffee shop experience, try Lakeside Street Coffee House.
4	The decor is great at all the Cargo Coffee shops. The staff is nice. I have only had a breakfast sweet roll to eat. I've had the tea and it's very good.
5	Good coffee, thoughtful and nice baristas, and good food. The design of the shop, too, if you're any kind of design nerd, is pretty thoughtful.
4	The spacious and thoughtfully decorated interior, easy parking, and central-ish location makes Cargo Coffee East a no-brainer spot for productive weekend working sessions. The chai chiller was tasty and icey, if a tad pricey. The time I ordered an iced mocha it was really clumpy, but strangely this made it more delicious. Undissolved mocha powder came up like little pockets of sweet surprises in every sip. For a more standard go-to, I'd opt for one of their hot and crema-y Americanos, and I'd probably skip the pastry case.I really like the eclectic mix of furniture, which gives you options in case you want to bench it or lounge it. While the metal adds a nice industrial touch, watch out for the vampire chairs that will suck the heat from your body -- unless you're into that sort of thing. Service may be a little confusing if you're used to optimized, cookie cutter delivery, or if you're the type of person who feels anxious in new spaces. A surly looking bearded man may politely walk your drink out to you, or you might have someone shout your drink from the counter when it's like zero people busy, or you might ask for water and they pour you a glass even though there's self-serve water by the bussing station. Oops...but thanks!
4	Great atmosphere.Good coffee.Good espresso.Good bakery items.Nice staff.Free wifi and plenty of outlets/ places to study.About the same prices as Starbucks.The non-cafe food like wraps and soups are just ok.They have great apple cider (winter months only). If you ask for the rusty tugboat (off-menu item) you will get a unique cider/espresso fusion that's surprisingly good!
4	Sometimes it's enough just to have someone else make and bring you dinner. Cargo's green wrap (minus the green peppers, nice that they make them up fresh and don't serve them pre-made) was just what I needed. At a modest $5.15, it's affordable, and surprisingly filling. The green flour wrapper is very thin, which I prefer, and the fillings are fresh with lots of crunchy dark greens, hummus, cucumbers, onions, cheese and tomatoes. The service was quick, as well.So nice and quiet, smooth music, with many choices of where to sit, as it's multi level. If you need privacy, you can have it, or if you want to watch the world go by through the glass front, you can have that too.With Star Bar next door, they could probably expand their evening hours. Wish they weren't closing at 9. I'll be back again and again.
4	This place has been more than a coffee shop these past months. During my first Wisconsin winter and polar vortex it was a place of warmth. Best apple cider I've ever had! (Wish this wasn't only a winter drink, I've tried ordering many times throughout the summer but still not available.) When I was redeeming my first free drink from the frequent buyer card, they concocted a new drink miracle the barista named the Rusty Tugboat: apple cider with a shot of espresso. Surprisingly delicious.The coffee is great both ways, hot or iced. I love grabbing an iced coffee on the way to the Farmer's Market downtown. Later once I started getting into the nitty gritty of my new job this place offered a great work-from-home space. So many outlets and quiet nooks to work in. Spent many days sipping the lesson plans away over the weekend. Very peaceful and good area to focus. The wifi connection is free and works. Just tried the new greens smoothie, super delicious. Can't wait to see what they bring to the menu next!
3	For me this is a story of highs and lows. It's an excellent, bright, airy space with lots of tables and outlets, and highly reasonable coffee prices. It's really an almost perfect coffee shop.Except...The food. Really unimaginative, limited sandwich offerings, and not vegetarian-friendly, which is weird for Madison. They have a PB&J, a really so-so veggie wrap, and sometimes there's veggie soup. If you're vegetarian, that's it. And more than once I've been here when they "forgot to make the soup today," or only had meat options. How hard would it be to offer some grilled cheese, breakfast sandwiches, or salad options?I love this place, but I hate coming here knowing I probably can't get a meal.
5	Friendly baristas and a large selection of coffee drinks! The space inside is really spacious, and they have a patio as well. Great for meeting up with a study group or getting some work done if you're tired of working at home. They have many outlets and wifi. I wish they were open later than 9pm, though. Still close enough to campus to warrant later hours.
4	Upgrading this because of a few things (I need to continually remind myself that there are such things as "specialty shops"):+ Staff. Simply outstanding. Friendly, helpful, chatty without being annoying+ Great coffee+ Coffee is priced very reasonably - $2.20 for a 20oz? That's awesome.+ Drive thru is quickI'll stick with the coffee and make sure I eat pre- or post-visit. Great coffee shop.
3	Definitely not my favorite coffee shop in Madison, but it does the trick when you need some caffeine.I live in the building above Cargo Coffee, so a quick visit in here in mostly for convenience. Although the coffee is good, the place is spacious, and it is outlets galore, I was turned off by my most recent visit.My latte was considerably more expensive than other local places and the music was SO LOUD that I couldn't work. I was also pretty hungry when I stopped in, but there weren't many food options (bagels, muffins, pastries).The drive through situation looks pretty cool and I haven't had a chance to try that yet, so I may update after that, but I haven't been blown out of the water with this place.
5	Okay, this place is a hit and a stealer, whatever you want to call it. It certainly has stolen my attention from some other coffee shops that I (used to) love in Madison. Today is my third time to visit and study in this comfy place this week. It's been more than 10 times in total (at least that's what my loyalty card told me, ha!) Call me a betrayer as I am no longer in love with the coffee shop I used to adore, but this place is just so generous with their space, and their wifi. Yeah, I write this review partly because the other coffee shop is now limiting their WIFI usage on weekends (WTH?!!). So, yeah, I have found my other love, which is so much nicer!I have found a cozy spot to read, write or even to daydream while sipping my coffee or my Green smoothiessss. Of course, this spot is very popular. Come early, as they say,  early birds get the worm! I don't think I need to say much about the space, as other yelpers have said it all. This place certainly offers a bigger and more convenient study place! :) You won't regret it. Come early on weekends as the spots are filled up pretty quickly.They also have loyalty cards too! so, ask those friendly baristas to give a punch of your card after your transaction! And when you are hungry some healthy and affordable wraps are at your service!See you soon at Cargo coffee East, then? :)
4	Cargo Coffee is a most excellent place to while away an afternoon working or hanging out with friends or reading or whatever your heart desires. It's big and open and spacious. The people working there are friendly.They have a great selection of drinks and an okay selection of snacks.Free Wi-Fi.Ample parking. And if you are in a hurry they also have a drive thru, which is pretty top dollar.
4	Lots of outlets, a huge window, and spot lighting makes this a really nice location to study and do some work.  I had their chix wrap sandwich which is chicken salad as a wrap.  I found it slightly heavy on the mayo, but otherwise well composed.  I also had their jasmine green tea which is better than many places' tea selection.  My only gripe is that it gets kind of loud due to the expresso machines or coffee grinder or whatever it is that creates this ridiculously loud noise.  It happens at other coffee shops too.
4	The environment is open and welcoming, the food is delicious and healthy, the desserts are decadent, and the coffee is divine!  Great place to have small work meetings, events and after work get togethers.
