5	I had a last minute wedding to do and literally ordered the flowers 2 days before the wedding. Not to mention the day of I had to add a small bouquet. The staff at Flowerama were amazing and all of the flowers came out beautiful!! Not to mention the price was affordable and kept me under budget. I HIGHLY recommend them to everyone I talk to and I will always use them in the future.
3	This is the first place i think of when i need some flowers.  I used to live near this one so i would use it a lot more.  The prices are solid and the selection is pretty good. What really keeps me coming back is the outstanding customer service. Each one of the staff really tries hard to make each experience great and unique whether you are buying a single rose or a whole bouquet.  It would be nice of the shop was a little bit bigger.  Cheers! -MikeB
1	the manager at flowerama  maria is the worse customer service and manager i have ever experience. she is not professional and very rude. she treated us as if we were beggars and that she was doing us a favor. we were helped by a lovely helpful assistant nicole who gave us a great quote and later we come back to pay maria decided to accuse of lying about the deal and raised the price on us. we asked her to call and confirm and responded back saying no as far as she is concerned nicole is fired for quoting us the price.. maria does not deserve to work in such place considering this arrangements was for a funeral for my father in law. she completely lost a customer and make sure that everyone knows the horrible  treatment we got. we went to elegant flowers on sahara and valley view  and received the best service and a better deal. one bad experience causes the business a lost and sad to know that her doing caused the company a bad review.
5	They have some beautiful flowers here. They also deliver ($15 charge). The lady there (Tree) was very helpful too. Great customer service :)
5	I ordered my wedding flowers from here and Maria was beyond amazing with her arrangements and the prices were great compared to other florists in town! I am so happy I ordered my flowers from here!
5	Love this place.  Great service.  Very friendly.  Great arrangement.  Buy your flowers here. Quick and friendly transaction.
5	Needed a rose for my 1 year anniversary. Every year I'm going to add a rose. (Second thought, it might get pricy if we last 40+ years, lol). Anyways, Gary, the owner helped me out. Great welcoming customer service. He upgraded my order to one of the expensive roses for free. It was beautiful. I definitely will return. Thanks, Gary!
5	Three weeks ago my boyfriend bought me a beautiful bouquet of flowers from here and they are still alive!!! I kept them in the vase and water that they came in and they must have some powerful flower food in there or something. The bouquet included carnations, pine, some purple flower, and orchids. The orchids bloomed the day after he gave them to me, and the purple ones bloomed tiny white flowers the day after that! Then two weeks later the accent vines bloomed green leaves. The carnations now are barely wilting after three weeks. This has got to me the best quality bouquet of flowers I have ever received, and the boyfriend is very happy because he said he paid a pretty penny for them. I will be recommending Flowerama to all of my friends and family. Thank you Flowerama for an unforgettable bouquet!
