3	Good food, but the atomosphere is a little on the YEEHAW!! side.  It's best to go before 5pm unless you like huge crowds and waiting for a table for an extremely long time.
4	Food's OK and the prices are reasonable, but lining up in a cattle line waiting for a table really irks me.  The servers do that overly-friendly thing of plopping down at your table to take your order- if you're into that kind of thing, go ahead.  I can think of worse places to eat.***Updated- September 08I had originally rated this place two stars.We gave this place another try on a slow late summer night and had a much better experience.  I had the BBQ pork/shrimp skewer- the shrimp was amazing!  My son ate the catfish, and essentially devoured it.  Service was waay better and we left fat and happy.
1	We call this place a Texas Road Kill. The staff there needs to be trained on how to seat people. You are better of going in small group, say party of two or three. We have had such bad luck with the wait time too long even with the reservation. Since then,we made up our mind that we would rather lick our own toes than go back there. It's not with it.
4	I don't know what the others here were expecting.  This is TEXAS (yeehaw) Roadhouse (friendly atmosphere with friendly staff).  If you don't like peanut shells on the floor, then pick Flemings.  For a chain, we have found TRH to have very good meat, better than most upscale restaurtants.  It is NOT a Ponderosa by any means.  The baked potatoes are excellent as is the Caesar salad.  For the money, it is well worth the singing wait staff and the littered floor to get the quality of food and service here.
5	Awesome
4	Texas Roadhouse is really good. BBQ pulled pork is one of my fav dishes from them. Chicken critters are also good. Ceaser salad and green beens would be my suggestion for your sides!!
4	YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE-HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH.That's the sound you'll hear when it's someone's brithday.  They take the person whose birthday it is, put them on a mounted saddle, and have the entire restaurant join in for a good old country time.Before I get too deep into my review, let me preface it by saying that this is definitely not a place that everyone will enjoy, as it can get noisy and the food portions are generous.  That said, I'm a big fan of the roadhouse.When you first walk in to Texas Roadhouse, you're greeted by a large three-foot tall barrel of peanuts.  You'll also look on the ground and see peanuts shells scattered everywhere.  To some this might be a turn-off but I was really happy to see it as I love peanuts and anything made from peanuts.  You can eat them while you wait, and then once you're seated by the always friendly staff, you get your own personal bucket of peanuts to continue munching.But moving on, you'll also be treated to another delicious free appetizer as you ponder over the menu items.  They bring out a basket of scrumptious bread with cinnamon butter.  Normally I wouldn't be a fan of this flavoring, but at the roadhouse it's done right as the bread is very warm and the butter is succulent.  There are free refills on this, so don't feel bad about asking.The menu items themselves are pretty similar to the style of say a Famous Daves or a Chilis.  You've got your classic pulled pork, your ribs, your steak, your burgers, your chicken, etc.  I've had probably about 60% of their menu and never really been disappointed.  All the food was cooked well, and the ribs especially were impressive.  They fell off the bone just as the waitress assured us they would, and the sides included only added to the great flavor.The establishment itself feels very suburban-style-forced, with your typical fare of decorations on the wall and a staff that seems to have the same line of training and attitude.  But for some reason, the overall feel of the place just rubs me right compared to other restaurants trying to do the same thing.  Maybe it's the fact that a lot of this could be considered comfort food, but hell, why not if it really is comforting.Get on ur cowboy hat, and take a stroll into the Roadhouse.  YEEEEE-HAAAAh
3	I usually am of the volition that chain restaurants are the undoing of society and represent all that is wrong with dining establishments and food service in general.  But as some actor in a commercial with a bicycle riding squirrel once said "I don't hate this"Sure it was disgusting in terms of cleanliness, sure the food comes from a Sysco like supplier, sure the people there aren't paid enough to care, but you know what, the food was somewhat tasty and a complete shock to frequent visitors of casual dining establishments, their seasonings actually stood out (sometimes in a bad way, but hey at least they splurge and care about the food to say cost control be dammed).Chili was good.  Too much paprika and probably had some unnecessary liquid smoke in there but it was really tasty and perfectly spicy.  The burger was actually medium rare, almost as much a flooring to me as the fact the waiter asked how I wanted it cooked.  It was tasty and juicy a true departure from most casual burgers and even might be a better taste than DMK in Chicago (and if you think that is sacrilege then get a burger from any TXRH bring it to DMK and compare yourself).The steak here sucked, typical casual dining.All in all I would RETURN, which is a real amazement as I avoid casual dining like the plague.Overall 70/100 and no im not going to make the effort to break it down into subgrades because there is still no one who works at casual dining that cares or is paid enough to feign emotion.
4	Generous portions, superb caesar salad, relaxing atmosphere, good steaks, and free peanuts! Seriously, what's not to like about this place?  My favorite steak are the T-bone and the prime ribeye, medium well, served with baked yam as the side. Of course, don't go here if you are allergic to peanuts. it's definitely NOT a free-peanut zone, people throw peanut skins everywhere. And also, it's always a good idea to call ahead. They don't take reservations, but they will usually accomodate you if you say you're on your way and let you know if there is any table open within a certain period of time.
4	Good ribs, excellent catfish dinner.  VERY loud and crowded  though!
3	OK at best. More deserving of two stars but the bathrooms were clean and the kids menu was good. I found my steak to be below average quality and my wife was not impressed at all. I didn't feel we got a good value for the money. Try Outback for better steaks.
4	Typical Texas Roadhouse except this one is ALWAYS jam packed on the weekend.  Call ahead or don't bother.
4	I had never heard of this place before stopping along the way on a random road trip. The food was AMAZING. I ended up taking half mine home cause it was so filling. The bread they serve at the beginning is hands down some of the best I have ever had. And how can you go wrong with fried pickles??
3	We like Texas Roadhouse.  The one in Tyler TX was our first and we loved it there.  When they came to WI we were very happy.   Great food and wonderful steaks.  Have never had a bad steak here and the prices are more than inexpensive but very affordable and appropriate for a good steak.  It is a little bit crowded here and at all TRs.  The waiter was good but not great.  The place is clean and the bathrooms are clean.  It is noisier than we would like and they do the stupid birthday cheer like other chains.  Hate it.  The waiter didn't go the extra mile and the atmosphere is not as nice as other TRs.  This is why I gave it a 3.  3 of 5 stars for a casual dining, chain restaurant.
2	Not that great. Food is sub par. I am always cold when I go.
5	We Have lived in Madison for 45 years have seen the chains all come and go!But i hope this never leaves Madison! We love the Rolls and butter with the food the people portions and quality has never changed from the first time we ate to the last time we were their was last week! Ribs are perfect and love the Filet!Thanks !See you soon!
1	Food was good but watched two tables come after us and eat before us as our ticket "was lost."  Go somewhere else; service sucks.
5	This is my favorite steak house in Madison.  I know it's a chain, but the quality for the price is excellent.  I probably come 3 times a month.  I love the Ceasar salad, and 6oz sirloin steak.  Tornado has better quality steak, but this is just a good deal for the quality IMO.
5	Every time I have gone to Texas Roadhouse I have been impressed. The steaks are always great.  Yesterday we went with a group of 9 and yes we did have to wait but they have a great bar area and the prices are right.  The atmosphere made the time fly. If you want great food at a good price this is a must visit.  The buns they being out with honey butter is a gotta try!
3	Great prices.  Good prime rib. Noise level is a bit high.  Would have given it a 5 but I did not like having to yell my order across the table to the server and my colleague got sick from the peanuts.
4	I really enjoyed this restaurant. I was there while on business and sat at the bar. It definitely is not designed for an intimate dinner for two because it is loud!!But the food is very reasonably priced and very good. The beer selection was splendid as well. I would go there again if I am back around here. Wish they had these in California.
3	The pull pork was really good. The ribs were above average. The steaks were terrible, ordered medium rare but received a medium that was too salty. However, the service was good and the manager / red shirt guy offered to provide a new steak and when I decline the offer, he gave a significant discount on the bill instead. Received really good service.
2	Steaks were ok at best, and ordered green beans as a side. I love green beans in almost any preparation, but these were *disgusting.* Limp and canned, with some god-awful liquid smoke/bacon flavoring, and so salty I could only take two bites. I had my friend try some, and he agreed they were awful. They would do much better with steamed or lightly buttered green beans - at least one healthy veggie side besides salad anyway!  I will say it's a good place for families with kids, but I don't know if I'd personally go back.
4	It's a fun kind of place as chains go.  I've never eaten a steak here, as I typically don't eat a steak much of anywhere.  Just one of those things, I guess.  It's meat.  I can grill.  I don't need to overpay to have someone do it for me.  And, even though I avoid chain restaurants like a plague, this one stands out for the right reasons.Regardless, I like coming here.  I tend towards the chicken and ribs combo.  The portion size is decent, and, in a handful of visits, I've never had cause to complain.  The food has been hot, it's tasted good, and it's been correct.Drinks are typical with the level of quality and size of ChiliAppleFriday's, but, for whatever reason, I've only drank beer in the couple times I've been to this one.And then, how can you come here and not love the rolls with the cinnamon butter.  They're right up there with the cheddar biscuits at Red Lobster.And peanuts.  I don't seek out peanuts.  But, like popcorn, if you put it in front of me, I'll eat them.  And then throw the shells on the ground.  Best business decision ever.  If you know people are going to drop them anyway, just tell them to from the start.The location is okay, but I feel like the area is just very quiet in terms of what else is around it.  I will say though, that the service provided here was a lot more on point than the location in Waukesha.  On our first visit, I was impressed because my girl asked if I was going to get another beer and I'd said yes.  The server heard from the other side of our aisle and had one over to me in two minutes.  Nice work.And yes, this is a cookie cutter chain review.  But there are subtle differences.
4	A welcome surprise.   I didn't expect much.  I pulled up and the parking lot was over flowing on a Wednesday night, so I thought I would give it a try.I sat at the bar and the service was delightful.  Both an experienced and new bartender, so it was a fun easy going environment and very attentiveEverything I had was so good.  Again, i didn't expect much and you have to remember it is a chain.  But my house salad was the best I've had in a long time with the most delicious homemade croutons.  I followed it up with a filet and a sweet potato that was to die for.All I can say is TRY IT.  I'll definitely be going back.
5	Great food, great service, still stuffed!
2	I ordered my steak medium rare, it lacked flavor and was overcooked. The service was good though. So if you're a fan of good service and sub par food give it a shot.
3	My kids love Texas Roadhouse.  We don't have them close, so when we are on a trip, they (the kids) always want to find one of these chain restaurants.   Stopped with a friend and 5 kids.  At the end of a camping trip, so I just wanted good food that I didn't have to prepare.  This was a great choice.  Kids loved the bread.  They loved the peanuts. We ordered the onion blossom, perfect.   Overall, the food was OK.  Cost is a little high.  They were busy, so the apps and food took some time.   The service was OUTSTANDING.  The waitress kept the bread and drinks coming.   One diner did not like the quality of her pulled pork.  The manager came over immediately, and rectified the situation.  Bravo.   I'd go back if I had the kids with me.
3	The service was okay, nothing special. The manager did check up on us twice, which was nice. this is a go-to chain steak house.  Things I really like: The TEA, the peanuts, Rolls, mushrooms.  Things that could be better: Price, faster service, quality of vegetable sides.  Most of the time I get the 12oz sirloin, salad, and baked potato,  Chain place that everyone can find something that they like, The food was okayOverall, I gave it a couple of stars because it could have been better...a lot better. But a taste of home is worth the trip!
3	Thanks Yelp! for the free cactus blossom when we checked in. :) We were debating an appetizer for the table, so you made that decision easy for us!Texas Roadhouse is a chain, so it's pretty much the same no matter where you go. I know some people love them, but I hate the peanuts on the table. I like the honey butter that's served with the dinner rolls. Their food is decent, there are lots of options, and it's not too expensive.
3	This place is fine for a quick stop on your way to Indiana, Chicago, or Kentucky, as we wanted something good to eat that wasn't fast food.  I didn't know that this place was a chain, but the place was packed, so we figured that people loved coming here.I like the fact that you can order different types of sides with your meal options.  Sweet potatoes, steamed veggies, and a salad were okay.I gave it a few stars because the service was great and they offer fresh options and varieties that most chains don't have.  Also, the price was super reasonable and we got a free appetizer.If you don't mind a bit of country, try  it out.
3	Reminded me of a steakhouse version of Joe's Crab Shack. The service was very good and we got seated quickly on a busy night. The steak tasted good and was delivered as ordered. The green beans were awful and the baked potato was too salty. The grilled shrimp was good, but side of rice it came with was bland. It seemed like the main courses are done well, but the sides are lacking.
3	Food okay, wait staff okay.Rolls were delish as always. I had the Chili before my meal and that was pretty good. For my main course I had a Steak (strip) and Sweet Potato. That was fine not great as ordered the Steak Med-Rare and it came Med-Well so that kind of ruined that for me. Waitress was nice, talked about her kids and the recent snow day they just had from a blizzard that hit them not long before we visited. Can't remember her name but I would give her props if I could, sorry hun!! Overall, Texas Roadhouse is Texas Roadhouse, its a chain and if its your kind of thing you will like it. Just not particularly my cup of tea, but good for a change up every once and a while.Food was not bad and wait staff was friendly, if you just want something different but does not really stand out this could be a place to try. Cheer folks!!!
4	Always love the dinner rolls. Always love the Caesar salad. Always love the corn. Our waitress was on top of things. Will be going back a lot!
3	Free onion petal from Yelp. Why not? We were on the east side, en route home from Milwaukee and we were all hungry. Texas Roadhouse solved that problem with unlimited rolls and cinnamon butter, the onion petal and portions large enough to feed an average-sized Mormon family. After the rolls, the onion petal and the complimentary peanuts in the shell, the first of my meal's two sides arrived -- a nice cup of beefy chili covered with cheddar and onions. I was officially full by the time my rib-and-chicken combo arrived with a side of creamy, scallion-topped mashed potatoes. It was all above average if not swanky-steakhouse quality, but I didn't expect that for the price. The ribs were grilled not smoked, tender and the sweet sauce was nice, although not very Texas-like. The chicken was a juicy, thick boneless/skinless breast, grilled and slathered in the same sauce. The wife had the same chicken breast, but hers was on a sandwich. Her steak fries were nothing special. Our son's steak was ordered medium well, cooked right, and neither tough nor grisly; our daughter's chicken tenders were, well, fried chicken tenders. Nothing offensive other than the nutritional hell-hole in which we allow our kids to live. You can tell their meats are not frozen. Feather in their cap. Careful on your way to the restroom. The grease from the kitchen makes the floor back there as slick as the Beltline after a fresh December snowfall. The line dancing by the very friendly staff is a corny cliche that non-Texans apply to Texas, but I get what they're trying to do. I wouldn't make a special trip to Texas Roadhouse, but if there's one in the neighborhood at the right time of day, I might stop in.
4	Two hosts and the manager at the door. Nobody greeted us. I had to ask if we seated ourselves. Sigh. Server saved the day. Food was great. Service was great. I'll be back again. I know that next time we will wait to be seated.
4	So we usually don't go to steak places because my husband is a vegetarian, but I found out kids eat for $.99 on Tuesdays.   So I thought it was a good night for steak.  I had the sirloin  with awesome sweet potato and corn. Excellent and I have  lunch for tomorrow.  The rolls with butter were too good- I had 3.  Kids ate a hotdog and chicken nuggets , steak fries, a free sundaes with a put your own toppings bar. They also had face painting and an armadillo  in costume.
3	My husband always enjoys the Prime Rib, and I love their Chicken Tender Salad.  This last time we went, it was around 5pm- much earlier than normal.  This gave us food that wasn't as warm as it should be, we're not sure if it was the time of day or if it was just a bad day.  Normally, they're tasty and good, this time, it was just ...meh.
2	I realize "Texas Road House" actually has nothing to do with Texas (as they are based in Minnesota) but come on, beans in the chili, there are no beans in chili that is chili with beans. I ordered chili and had to give that bean laced concoction back to them. They ran out of rare and medium rare prime rib before 6:10 pm. Very disappointing!!! Why do they not even carry Dr Pepper, the only soft drink from Texas??? Chain wide they substitute a nasty coca cola product called mr pibb that bears no taste resemblance to Dr Pepper, in Texas we call that bait and switch! Friendly staff, quick service and the sirloin is much more than tolerable! Love the bread and cinnamon laced spread (butter would be better) usually the bread you are seated with is not as warm as the bread refills so wait and get it fresh from your server. This was the best close selection to the hotel for a -17 degree evening. Pleasantly quiet for a TRH!Looking forward to getting home to the local TRH on the north side of Fort Worth, w/o beans in the chili!!!
5	Now, I know that Texas Roadhouse ain't what's known as a local joint, but YEEEEEHAW, y'all, they serve powerful tasty vittles and don't make ya pay through the nose for 'em, neither.Me and The Wife have gone to this here dinin' establishment several times, now, and each time we receive a heap o' great cookin'. Sure 'nough, there's food aplenty before y'all's seat is even ready: they got peanuts in barrels in the waitin' area, and ya just throw the shells on the floor when yer done -- this place don't pretend to be somethin' it ain't!Then, when the fine young folk take ya to your seat, they slap down a basket o' the grandest, most bully bread buns and cinnamon spread this side o' the Mississippi. Now, me and The Wife call them there buns "crack buns" 'cause they are so darn addictin', and, truth be told, we always have the server fetch us an extra basket or two.Pretty much every time I go to the Roadhouse, I get the same darned thing: a 10 oz. Ft. Worth Ribeye - medium rare - with a salad and sauteed onions on the side (I must admit, though, that I sure am partial to the steak fries, so I do switch 'er up every once in a harvest moon). They cook up the steak right proper every time, and it is always better than any steak I've had elsewhere (even better, I swear, than them steaks I've had in them fancy restaurant establishments up in the big city o' Madison). The flavor does hit the salt a little hard sometimes, but ask for some raw horseradish on the side, and you'll go home even happier than a dog on the hunt.If yer lookin' to go on a bender, or jus' want to bend yer elbow, there's a bar servin' all manner o' spirits: the fine folks takin' yer order are happy to bring ya some soda, beer, wine, or liquor.And, if it's yer birthday, the staff'll shine a light in yer face, scream some words at ya, and make the whole restaurant yell a big ol' YEEEHAWWW for ya.
4	The food is incredible, especially the ribs. their sides are A-mazing and their staff is generally friendly. the only con is that everything is way too oversized. I see extremely heavy people eating there and I can't help it but feel like they should make the portions smaller to help people with self control issues. also it would be nice if they carried a larger variety for salad dressings or at least a regular vinigrette for folks who are watching what they're eating. overall, for a protein boost, this is the place to dine!
3	I have been here 4 times in my lifetime and every time I go I experience the worst service. 18 year olds that could give two sh*ts. With 4 table sections I expect a lot more. All I ever see if staff standing around doing nothing. I have been in the food industry a long to time so yes i know i am my own worst enemy when i go out to eat, but find some better servers. You get 3 stars for your food. I will never go back.
5	The food was great! The buns are amazing there cant stop at one! The ribs were really good and my husband enjoyed the pulled pork sandwich! We check in using the Yelp app and got a free cactus blossom! Who doesn't love a free appetizer. Overall our experience was great! Definitely would come again and would recommend!
5	Stopped here with my wife for lunch. It wasn't crowded too bad. Granted it was lunch time on Sunday. The service was very good. Our waiter, Josh, was very attentive.  He was really on top of it. The Rib appetizer was real good. Falling off the bone tender. They had a good flavor too. I had the Rib eye steak & grilled shrimp. They were cooked to perfection.  When they brought our steaks to us, she asked us if we needed any steak sauce. I told her if I needed A-1 or 57 sauce, then it wasn't cooked right. Everything was excellent.Being that it is my birthday, they gave me the rib appetizer for free.Overall experience. .... real good.
3	Always really busy and parking isn't great.  Interesting touch with the barrels full of peanuts to munch while you wait for a table.  Service was on par for most sit down chains.  Food was average as well.  Saving grace is the rolls and butter so good!  Birthdays are interesting too,  they have the birthday boy/girl sit on a Saw horse!
