5	I love this business! They're are a family team that does excellent work, and they are also reasonably priced! I have brought a birthday dress and on my most recent trip about ten pieces of clothing. Mom and Dad tailor the clothes and their two children work with you to get pricing and fit correct by translating. Their daughter is attentive and friendly and their son is very nice. I love going to get my clothes tailored because I know it will be done right. I will never go to another tailor! I noticed on my last trip there are many return customers and one gentleman didn't even try his clothes on, he was that sure of their tailoring skills! I think that's the highest compliment they could be given. I am telling you to go to Expert Tailor!
5	excellent customer service!  the tailoring was done to perfection... I was definitely impressed... I brought one new suit there for alterations as a feeling out process.... I am now bringing back 3 more suits to have them do those.....  definitely a great place!
5	I've been going to Expert Tailor for the past two years for various alteration needs such as dress hemming, original hemming for jeans, dress pants, suit and tuxedo alterations for my man and more. We've done pretty much everything with them. They are family run and super nice. Prices are average and I keep going back because they are friendly, caring and efficient with services. If a piece isn't altered to your liking, they will make sure to fix it to satisfaction. Service:  friendly, caringQuality:  well done alterations.  We've challenged them with pretty much everything. Conclusion:  They are the reliable neighborhood tailor that you can trust to make your clothes fit better.
4	Thanks to Michelle W. I went to Expert Tailor about 3 weeks ago. I needed my bridesmaid dress' length to be shortened. They took about a week to do it and charged me 40 bucks. The son was working the front desk for his parents and they were very accommodating. I'm not sure how much alterations is supposed to cost, but in any case they got the job done and it doesn't look like it was even altered (that's a good thing!).
5	I had two pairs of jeans that were sitting in my closet for a while, waiting to be hemmed. I finally went to Expert Tailor last weekend. The family who runs this place is very nice. I believe the daughter was working in the front and also translating for her parents who did not speak English. She explained to me that if I wanted to keep the original hem, they charge $20, but if not, it would only be $10. I decided to keep the original hem and paid $40. It was worth it because you can't tell that it was hemmed and they did a good job! It took them about 4 days to get it done, but I didn't need them back right away, so I did not mind the wait. Also, my husband needed to get tuxedo measurements for an out-of-state wedding. I asked if they could do this for us. The daughter said that normally they do not, but if we wanted them to, they would have to charge us $10. We paid the $10 and decided to get it done since our friend's wedding was about a month and a half away. They filled out the form we received from the tuxedo rental place, and also added additional measurements (just in case it was needed) that they felt were necessary for a tuxedo. Overall, great service! It's not often that I go to a tailor, but I will definitely come back here when I need alterations!
4	Took 2 bathing suits in for alterations. The workers at the front desk are pleasant and helpful. The female tailor doesn't speak English so they translate for her, no communication problems. It was done quickly, a few days.They did a great job on my suits, not the cheapest, $25 for both but I was willing to pay to have it done right.
4	Went in today to get a new suit fitted and to have 4 shirts tailored to fit. Ella was working, helping with translation, and was very friendly. Mom & Dad took turns fitting and making adjustments to my jacket, pants and shirts.I'll be picking them up on the 25th and will update my review then. So far I'm very happy with the customer service.
4	Went to Expert Taylor after seeing some good reviews on Yelp and because they had the lowest price for all tailors I called to hemm some suit pants. Staff is very friendly and provides great customer service.Went with 3 suit pants that needed work and the first estimated finished date was a week later, I asked for one to be done a couple days earlier so I would have the pants for my first day at a new job and they agreed without charging any extra fees. I show up to pick up the one pair and all three were done! Made my day...and the transition to the new job a lot easier.Quality of the work was good and their flexibility just made it that much better.
5	This place rocks!  My new favorite tailor.  I've had many pairs of jeans hemmed, usually by tailors here n there.  But, just once . . .  I was stupid (combined with being in a pinch) and took my jeans to be hemmed at the cleaners we frequent and have never wanted to kick myself like I did when I picked them up.  They didn't even match the thread color!!So, I took that pair and another pair to Expert Tailor -- one "repair" and the other was a hem with the original hem.  They did fabulous!!  I showed them the pair that needed "repair" and they told me they weren't sure they could fix it, but they surely improved they way it looked by matching both the thread and the original stitch.  The second pair was perfect -- you'd never know it was altered, they do a fantastic job with the original hemming of jeans!!! The store is clean, comfortable, family-owned by a father and daughter.  They are both very pleasant and both came out and helped me.  The daughter took my requests and translated to her Dad and he would nod and smile, it was so very sweet.  It was evident that they took pride in their work and were honest about what they could do to try and "fix" my 'wrecked by the cleaners' pair of jeans.  I appreciate that -- honesty is often hard to find these days!Pricing is good -- $10 for a hem, $20 for an original hem and it took 4-5 days, the norm.I will be back . . . they are tops in my book!!
5	Expert tailor is my tailor of choice because they are local family owned, friendly, efficient, & charge reasonable prices for their services. I've taken dress pants & dress shirts here to get hemmed, tapered, and/or shorten. Everything has come back looking great. I recently brought in my suit to be tailored, and the results were also great. Though there are many choices of tailors in Vegas, not many provide consistent customer service. Expert tailor has been friendly from the start and have met all my tailoring needs. They come highly recommended.
5	Expert Tailor is the best!  I bought my wedding dress in LA, but when it arrived, the dress was incredibly short.  I didn't have time to get a new dress and so when I came to Ella I needed help fast.  She brainstormed some ideas and finally landed on trying to find the exact lace from my dress to sew as an extension.  She actually found a perfect match!!  She texted me updates as she went and the dress turned out amazing, no one had any idea that the dress had been so short.  The work was beautiful and service fantastic.  Highly recommend.
5	I am new to Vegas and I went here because it rated well. I am so happy that I did!! It is a family run business and they were very nice. I brought 1 skirt and 3 pairs of pants. The skirt had a difficult hem and all items were perfect. Quality work does take time but they  are able to put a rush on things if you need them soon. I will definitely be using them for all my future tailor needs.
5	I found this place here and after reading the good reviews I decided to give it a try. I had just bought a suit and the pants needed to be hemmed, the only problem was that it was Thursday and I needed them for Saturday. I went and I asked if it would be ok and they didn't have any problems with it, they didn't charge extra or anything. Saturday I picked up my pants and the job was very nicely done. I will absolutely  will be bringing all of my clothes that need future alterations!
1	I just had the WORST experience at this place. I brought in about 20 items that needed very minor fixes. After I finally showed them everything, they started quotes me ridiculous prices. When I (politely) asked them why it was $15 to reinforce a 1-inch section of a seam that was unraveling, whereas I just heard them quote another woman $10 for a full pants hem (a legitimate question), instead of responding, the husband and wife furiously started speaking in their native tongue, began ripping the pins out of my clothes and shoving them back at me. I consider myself a very nice person - I rarely, if ever, raise my voice and treat everyone I meet with the upmost respect. In return, people usually behave with civility. For that couple to behave that way was completely uncalled for.
