5	I absolutely loved my experience working with Alphagraphics. My task required I have 1000 flyers produced and ready for display the following day. I called the Alphagraphics located on Scottsdale Road in Old Town, after fruitlessly researching the Kinko's online options, expecting to be quoted with an outrageous price that would likely include some form of artistic fee. I was relieved to find the exact opposite. I spoke with someone directly over the phone, told them what I needed, how I wanted them printed, and described the paper style/texture I was looking for. They quoted a price for me immediately and I was shocked how low it was, especially compared to all the prices I was seeing on Kinko's site. I told them I would call them right back to run the price by my boss and as soon as I got off the phone, I thought to myself that the price couldn't be right and I must have forgotten to mention something. I called back to ensure they heard me say I wanted it in COLOR, and if the price included cutting. And sure enough they were both included in my original price. They produced a draft for me to double check first then had them all printed in two hours! I was very please with the quality and efficiency. I would recommend this location to anyone looking for a quick easy printing solution.
5	Sometimes I cut it close. It's a habit I'm trying to break but places like Alphagraphics make me continue my habit because they come through for me in a time of need! I was working on a festival and in desperate need of a print job. Unfortunately, the quotes I was receiving were way above budget so I wasn't sure what I was going to do. I decided to give Alphagraphics a call and they walked me through my request and figured out the most budget-friendly way for me to get my print done at a very reasonable price! I needed the job done in two days. Short turnaround and all, they came through and to be make sure the job was done right, they asked me to approve a proof before they did the entire print. Not only was service efficient and flawless, this Alphagraphics is also centrally located and a perfect one stop shop for printing needs. So thanks Alphagraphics. You've made a returning customer out of me!
5	Another grade A experience with Alphagraphics! They turned around a project within hours. When I picked up my order, I learned an exciting and helpful new fact. They deliver for free! As long as you give them notice, they can deliver your project directly to you. Talk about saving time!
5	I had looked at several invitation websites along with catalogs with no luck in finding just the right balance of wedding colors/design.  Thomas at Alphagraphics helped me every step of the way of designing and printing our wedding invitations and programs.  I knew I wanted a booklet-style, but needed a little design creativity from Alphagraphics which they nailed!  I highly recommend Alphagraphics to anyone needing any print work done - not just wedding invitations.  Thomas and his crew are stellar!!
1	We stopped using them. I am sure their printing is great, but their bindery (cutting, scoring,etc.) service stinks. One time they cut our invites (2 up) with one stack 1/4 inch shorter than the other. They didn't even bother to trim the stacks to match. Another time we had escort cards cut and scored. They messed up an about 1/3. When we took back in to fix, a guy with glasses was really rude about it. Then they threw away about 10 of the new ones we took in! (Like we wouldn't notice those were missing.) That was the last straw. We now go to FedEx Kinkos who does awesome work - and no attitude problems. If you do use Alphagraphics, ask for the woman that works there. She is nice and really knows the place.
1	My cousin - who has arthritis and is legally entitled to park in any legal parking spot with her handicapped placard - parked in a handicapped spot at this location. We were going to a store next store to Alphagraphics and an employee came out and told us "the handicapped placard must be for being mentally handicapped" for parking in an Alphagraphics spot if we weren't going there. When I told him that was an unacceptable thing to say he told me to "kiss his ass" and "never come back." Don't worry - I won't be.
