5	Thank goodness I am a total barfly. I was waiting for IcePics to open, and got tired of sitting in my car. So I decided to drive around the area.Just a few doors down, I found Standard Restaurant Equipment. I did a Dukes of Hazzard-like screeching turn around a broken down bus and careened into the parking lot.I love kitchen gear. But I am underemployed, and was afraid I'd spend a lot of money inside. But no. Check it. For under $20, I got a half sheet pan (on sale for $6 -- down from $23!), 2 squeeze bottles (72 cents a piece!), a muddler, a turner, an ashtray, and a dough scraper.Hell yeah! It's Williams-Sonoma for welfare losers like me.
4	There's really nothing standard about Standard Restaurant Supply.I first went to this store a little over a year ago because I was in the market for a slushee-type machine. In my weird little mind, buying one of those and filling it with margarita mix made perfect financial sense. However, they didn't carry this item but were able to suggest an online source. As I was researching this product, I came to the realization that I really didn't need a machine to freeze my aunt's perfect sneak-up-on-you margarita recipe.So, flash forward to this weekend and I need quiche  and crepe pans. While they carried personal-sized ceramic dishes, I was looking for a larger metal variety--they pointed me to ABC Baking Supplies. As for the crepe pans, they had an assortment of industrial pots and pans but nothing with smaller lip. So, I left to get the quiche dishes. Still, I needed something large enough to make the crepes and I returned to SRS for a skillet. Well, two actually. Getting them home, cleaning them up and making a practice batch of crepes was the highlight of my Saturday--quite an accomplishment when one considers I was at the laundromat at 8 a.m. and grocery shopping before noon...I know, I know: Mine is an exciting life.And really, I couldn't be happier with my new skillets. Not only were they able to perform well the following day to make crepes on a grill, but they're so big I can sear an entire spatchcocked chicken in it. And the riveted all metal handles allow me to go directly from the stove to the oven without worrying about releasing toxic plastic or rubber chemicals into our home.
5	Whenever I review someone's wedding registry and see things like "insulated cookie sheets" at $10 a pop, I want to take the couple to Standard Restaurant Supply to show them what a real cookie sheet for half the price looks like.The staff there is incredibly friendly and they have everything you can think of, including stuff you have no idea what it does.  I have to resist the urge to buy the 30 gallon stock pot, simply because I want to own a 30 gallon stock pot ( who wouldn't!?)
2	Stopped in today.  There was a modest selection.  Most of the usual suspects were accounted for, but wouldn't you expect that?  After all, it's a restaurant supply store.  I was able to pick up about 60% of what I needed, but that has nothing (or nearly nothing) to do with the 'Meh' rating.It was the service.  The shitty, shitty service.  Two things I'm not really looking for in a place I shop?1.) Hearing an employee be fully condescending to a customer who has asked a legitimate, albeit simple, question.  2.) Waiting to be rung up while the cashier stops bagging my order so that she can join in on the conversation that her co-workers are having across the store.  Yes, I really love that last one.  Awesome.Maybe the 'B' squad was running the show today.  I hope so.  If not, this place deserves 1 star.
5	I felt like a kid in a candy store when I walked into Standard.  I was in desperate need of new pans.  All of my nonstick pans were scratched and old.  I got a really nice 12" nonstick for $53 and an 8" for $23.  I also got a new aluminum pan for $33; I think the lid was an extra $6.  After I picked up what I needed I decided to look around the store to see if there was anything else I wanted.  I got a really nice heat proof spatula for $5, new tongs for $3 a medium sized metal mixing bowl for $3.50 and a half sheet pan for $6. All together it was just under $150. I was so shocked when I picked up the sheet pan, it was so heavy and thick, there's no way it'll ever bend like all my others have!  This is a restaurant supply store so everything in here is of restaurant quality which means it's very sturdy and that's what I wanted.  If you're looking for really pretty fancy items this is not the place to go.  If you're looking for sturdy well-made items that will last you a long time this is the best place to find them!  They also have a really nice knife selection.  A new chef's knife wasn't in the budget today but as soon as it is I know where to get one.  The staff was also really great.  They asked me if I needed help as soon as I walked in and helped me pick out my pans, she didn't try to sell me the most expensive one.  She asked me about my needs and suggested pans that best suited them.   Another person asked if I needed help while I was wondering around, he was also very nice.This is my new go to place for kitchen supplies!
5	This place rocks! When I was helping open The Herb Box restaurant we got some of our supplies here. Then i came back for my own personal kitchen stuff because they have great deals!
4	I tend to live my life around resolving problems, Either for myself or others.  I love to cook and being single that leads me to giving out samples of what I have made.  I have a collection of good reusable plastic and a collection made up of items provided by food purveyors.  Just by chance some of the stuff I give away has already been frozen in a more expensive container which often does not come back.  Growing up, when you give something in a reusable container, it comes back filled with something else.  Our throw away society has pretty much ended that and most of the containers never come back, even empty.  So I started out looking on line for containers which bought in bulk were cheap enough that I did not feel bad if they didn't come back.  My requirements were it had to withstand freezing and a microwave.  I remembered Bacon's review of some sort of restaurant supply which was open to the public and after looking at their website I still did not understand what they had so I stopped in today.Walking in the door it was like stepping into a cooking wonderland!  They acknowledged me in seconds and let me roam until I had questions.  And when I did find what I was looking for and had questions, they had answers.  I walked out of there with a whole system of containers for about $40.  If it wasn't for my wallet I would be there every week for something.
4	Four and a half stars.Found everything on my list but a ceramic terrine for molding meats or cheeses. Got a metal one instead. Got a deep skillet with the lid included in 18/10 stainless steel half off....a steal at $40. Did well, overall. They gave me a thick catalog for free. They will order anything not in stock. Many fun odds and ends for my home kitchen. Was offered help finding things. They even checked back with me later. The cashier was possibly the friendliest and most helpful person I've ever encountered in a store.
4	I am a retail customer of many years. Selectionis incredible. If I was more qualified I would give 5 stars. Many items are good buys. This is a big store with a heart and brains. Answers to questions are straight forward
