4	Ive been a customer here for almost a year now and I have never walked away unhappy. The staff are very accommodating and the atmosphere is edgy with the open, gossipy feel of old school beauty salons. No matter what I do to my hair within the days or weeks leading up to my appt (I get antsy when my roots start to show!) my girl Elsa always takes care of me properly and never forgets to remind me to use leave in conditioners to keep my hair healthy between visits. One thing I like that Ive seen them do a hundred times is that they remind customers whats realistic and whats not. You can walk in there thinking you're going to go from jet black to bleach blond, but they advise you it will be a gradual transition instead of over-processing and ruining your hair. Ive had a horrible experience at another place because no one advised me that what I wanted done was unrealistic and my hair ended up falling out in chunks. I'm glad these women are educated enough to tell you whats up. I'm giving a 4 out of 5 star rating ONLY because the decor of the salon itself needs a little sprucing up but that is my only complaint. OH, and don't go in hungry. You can smell the fresh baked bread from the Subway next door... while intoxicating, never fails to make my stomach growl.
2	When I lived in Vegas, there was a fairly inexpensive salon but it had really skilled people. I get my hair cut regularly to keep the style maintained, so once I moved to Phoenix, I wanted to find a place that isn't super expensive but had at least pretty good stylists. I came here to Arizona Hair Co, and with this place I feel the stylists I've had are mediocre - I went there 3 times and had three different stylists, and it just got to the point that I just wanted to search elsewhere for getting my cut regularly. The cut was just never quite right, even after me giving them feedback about what I wanted precisely.
5	I love going here, my girl Cynthia does an amazing job.
5	I have been going to get my hair cut here since I was 15. I am 19 now. I had first gone here because of good reviews I heard and great clips had effed up my hair. I wanted to cut off my long hair and go with short hair, short enough to spike in the back and have it heavily layered in the front. I went to AZ hair co and Cynthia was the one who assisted me (i did not know who to go to since it was my first time there). I told her exactly what I wanted and she fixed it up to look exactly how I envisioned it. I never did go back as often to upkeep the style because it really wasn't in my moms budget plus its a bit of a distance, she took me back every 6 months are so to trim. I would always tell her "cut the dead, keep the length please" and that's exactly what she would do. After the spiky hair do I just grew out my hair straight. Just a set of blunt bangs and hair with no layers. Once I got a job at 17 and was able to go more often as well as dye my hair every color on the rainbow she was always supportive of it! Over 18 months ago I had decided it was time for a change, I was gonna do layers again. She totally did exactly what I asked so instead of being scared when I saw my new hair I loved it! I went back for a trim every month because I was still dying my hair but that stopped about a year ago because I got super busy with work and school. Last time I was there was in October (no longer dying my hair either). I want to go back soon though, but now I am planning a wedding so even less time but I know for a fact I will be getting her for my hair on my wedding day. Ask for Cynthia, you wont regret it!
5	I recently had my hair done about three weeks ago. The service I received was great. It was busy but I still got a walk in appointment for about 45 min later. I got a color and cut. I will be going to Cynthia as a regular, she was great. She completely fixed my blonde hair. I didn't think the prices were bad. All in all it's a place I'll be going to from now on.
