5	This place popped up in Lawrenceville in what used to be a tattoo shop.  Prime location, but can easily be looked over.  I stopped in and purchased some chocolates.  I'm an avid baker that has not delved into the world of candy so I highly respect it.The chocolatier was working the counter so I was able to talk to him for a few minutes about his chocolate.  There is an ample selection and it seems to be a dynamic set up, changing every now and then, maybe daily.  He also mentioned a catalog where I'm guessing you can order something that is not out on the counter.  The prices were totally reasonable and the selection is easy.  It is sold by the pound in a cute little box.  And he took my credit card for a less than 10$ purchase!I highly recommend this place to anyone in the area.  The chocolate was delicious, it's easy, convenient, and he seems to have great hours-not all random like a lot of small places.
5	My sister and I visited Sinful Sweets after my roommate brought us some of their chocolate covered bacon and we were not disappointed!  The owner, Chris, was super friendly and even let us sample the ice cream, which was delicious. They were out of the chocolate covered bacon, but we were able to put in an order to pick up the next morning, since he makes everything daily.  We ended up buying choc covered bacon, potato chips, orange peels, toffee and coconut clusters to bring home to our family over the holiday.  Everyone loved everything -- especially the toffee, which basically melts in your mouth. As a Lawrenceville resident, I'm so excited for another unique business in our neighborhood and I highly recommend everyone to visit Sinful Sweets!
5	I stopped into Sinful Sweets when it first opened and was very pleased with the variety and service.  I expected the selection to be limited since the shop was new but that was not the case.  There was a wide viriety of white, dark, and milk chocolate dipped fruits and snacks.  My personal favorites are the cake pops and the sea salt carmels.  The shop also had icecream which I was pleasantly surprised by!  Prices were very reasonable and the owner and staff were pleasant.  In talking to the owner, Chris, you could tell he wanted to try to meet each customers needs and was open to suggestions.  If you love chocolate you have to try this place!
5	If you really enjoy chocolate this is the place fore you. The selection is great and it has something for everyone from white chocolate to dark chocolate.  I was down shopping at some of the small boutiques and saw that a new store had opened up and I am glad I stopped by. The atmosphere is inviting and the owner is highly personable and knows his chocolate.Make this stop next time you are down in Lawrenceville. The chocolate covered bacon is great!
4	Yummy chocolates and very nice staff ... love that they make the chocolates on site.  Nice selection of bacon chocolates & candies, too, for the more adventurous out there.
4	(3 stars for variety, 5 stars for awesome ownership, 4 stars for taste)Ran up to this place on a whim and was greeted by the owner, who was out front enjoying the day...and an orange. We chatted about his reasons for opening up the business, I complimented him on the excessive amounts of pink, and he directed me to the day's sample platter, which showcased ENTIRE M&M-EMBEDDED-CHOCOLATE-COVERED PRETZEL RODS, what! Then I bought everything that was dark chocolate based (surprisingly few, for now, but also included an experimental batch of Enrico's Biscotti swathed in a cloud of dark chocolate) and enjoyed it on the walk back to work. Lots of options for milk chocolate lovers, but definitely good to have around as an option in Lawrenceville! I look forward to seeing it grow.
4	I thought my chocolate bark was a little too sweet, but I liked the rest of the chocolates we had, especially my coconut cluster (yummo!) and my mint chocolate chip milkshake was delicious. It's a cute little store, and the girl behind the counter was nice and fun.
5	Very delicious homemade chocolate! I was impressed with the aVariety. Just to name a few there was Chocolate covered potato chips, Swedish fish, pretzels and lots of others . I was pretty impressed with the idea of pop rocks mixed with chocolate however I didn't get a chance to try it yet.  If your in the mood for a decent waffle ice cream cone there is a nice selection of flavors.  The owner was a very nice gentleman and was generous to help pick out a few goodies. This is a must try place If u have a sweet tooth!
2	Drove by today and decided to check the place out.  We ordered three pieces of candy, buttercream, amaretto cream and chocolate mousse. The flavors were a bit bland, honestly, we couldn't tell the amaretto and buttercream apart. Also, they have a chalky-dusty taste to them. Probably won't be going back again, was underwhelmed.
2	I'm surprised by the positive reviews on this shop. I can't speak to the lolli cakes or ice cream concoctions (which is why I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1), but I had the opportunity to try an assortment of the chocolate treats. Based on the reviews I expected to enjoy them, but I was very disappointed. First, the chocolate wasn't glossy, and some of the pieces had the grayish film that indicates age, improper tempering, or extreme temperature variations. Also, the chocolate did not taste smooth and velvety like good chocolate should. Instead, some pieces were almost flavorless, and others left an unpleasant aftertaste. The idea of sea salt caramels is a good one, and I've sampled successful samples in other shops. But here the proportions of chocolate, caramel, and salt are off, and the salt is too overpowering. Chocolate can be tricky, but in a city with numerous choices, there are many other better options.
5	This is definitely some of the best chocolate I have ever had. It is so smooth/silky, and the taste is impeccable. The dark chocolate covered potato chips are phenomenal. Everything in the shop looks delicious, and I have not been disappointed yet by any of the chocolates I have tried. The owner takes pride in his work, and really knows his stuff. This is an absolute must try place if you are looking to satisfy your sweet tooth.
