4	Just had Shasta perform a minor remodel on our 9 year old Shasta pool. From the very start I was impressed with their high level of professionalism and attention to detail. Resurfaced my pool deck plus a few minor additions and the job looks fantastic ! Could not be more satisfied. I would highly recommend.
1	I decided to go with Shasta Pools because they had originally constructed my pool when my house was built in 1987 (I've been in the house less then a year) and almost all the reviews online were positive.  The sales guy came out with the original blueprints to my pool and gave me 3 estimated, plain plaster, quarters plaster and pebble tec.  He included an upgraded drain in my estimated and said for the rest of February there was an additional 10% off.  I also knew there a few leaks in my pool equipment, a gasket and a crack etc that I said I wanted fixed and that was suppose to be included in the estimate.  We settled on $5,500 for the work (about a 12K gallon pool 30' x 15' and 5.5 feet deep in the middle, a play pool).  There was good communication to start and the strip went fast followed by inspection alternating days until the work was complete.  That is about all the good I have to say, they started the job quick and finished quick.  There were a few little things that weren't too professional.  The plumber left an empty can of spray paint when we was fixing the leaks and the guys that filled my pool took a towel I had hanging on the pool fence and tied it around the hose.  There was also some other debris on the side that was not cleaned up.When the supervisor came out to add chemicals he noticed the gear box that made the pop up jets cycle was worn out and needed to be rebuilt, he took the piece off and told us to get it rebuilt so we went that day to get it rebuilt.  I was glad he noticed that and we got it fixed.  *** He took the gear box off and never turned the pump off at the circuit breaker so that night the timer was set and because the piece hadn't been replaced there was basically an open pipe and when the pump turned on the WHOLE pool drained overnight.  My wife called me the next morning and said why is the pool empty and I immediately realized what had happened.  I called the supervisor and he was kind of shocked but didn't take responsibility for it and just said to fill it back up.We filled the pool back up and he came out to add the chemicals, he was walking me through the pool equipment and said I had to other leaks that had not been fixed, the base of the 6 point water valve had a crack that leaked water when the pump was on and the gasket of the backwash piston had a leak.  He said I should get that taken care of.  The next day I went to backwash my pool and after that it would leak slowly out whenever I had the pump on.  That was my breaking point since I'm a pretty easy guy.The next day I called and complained and outlined the above and I said I originally told the sales person I wanted all leaks fixed, what's the point of paying 5K and not having working pool equipment, at the very least the plumber should have said hey you have these other leaks do you want them fixed or the supervisor should have said that instead of just saying you may want to get that check out.  So they gave me an estimate of $400 to fix both and I agreed, they said they would send an addendum before the work could get done but they needed payment now.  I paid them and I didn't get the addendum until 2 weeks later.  I should note there is horrible communication between the sales team and the construction team, when I called my construction rep he said all he has is the work order to fix 1 original leak and not the original contract I had signed.  Another manager said he would send me a check for the water that got wasted on the 2nd drainage that went all into my side yard into my front yard.  So they lined up a plumber to come out and fix the other leaks all the while my wife is in labor and gave birth later that night, our friend that was watching out other daughter said the plumber was there, when I got home I went out and checked the work and nothing had been fixed, I called the rep and he said let me check on it, he called back and said the plumbers went out there but the parts they needed in the warehouse were out of stock so they didn't fix it?  So he will send out another plumber which happened I think on a Wednesday and I paid him for the fix on the previous Friday.  All in all a very frustrating experience where I think I got overcharged, over stressed and lack of communication.  Even their pamphlet on how to care for the pool after a replaster isn't complete.  There is no mention that if you vacuum the pool it can ruin the finish.  After this I really can't recommend Shasta pools, I wanted to like them and other companies are probably just as bad and I'm sure with new pools they are good but their level of customer service and thoroughness leaves something to be desired.
5	I had Shasta come out for a repair and they were great! Was able to get scheduled pretty quick and the customer service was great!
5	We engaged Shasta for a major pool remodel and update in 2006, which included the addition of a spa and heater and all new mechanicals.  The spa had some structural problems that arose beginning around a year after completion, but Shasta addressed them without hesitation, with the final resolution in the summer of 2013 involving a complete reconstruction of that element of the original project - all at no cost to us, and sparing no detail as to the original specifications.  They were great to work with from day one in the project during the design stage and construction stages, as well as the all important last phase --  standing behind their work at the back end. Earlier this year we upgraded our main pool pump to a variable speed through Shasta, and this past week we replaced the 7 year old heater (after 7 relatively trouble free years before the corrosive pool water took its toll), and used Shasta, after another firm had misdiagnosed the problem -- which would have had us spending 1/3 the cost of a new heater on a component that was still working without addressing the problem. The Shasta  remodel crews are courteous and conscientious to a fault, and the fact that Shasta stands behind their work is important on such a large investment, as many of our friends who had done pool remodels around the time as ours had issues arise, only to find their pool firm no longer in business and/or otherwise unwilling to stand behind their work.
1	Shasta pols workmanship was ok however the crew told me they would be finished in one day. around 3 pm they were gone with the job 1/2 done. I wasn't informed that they were leaving for the day. they also left a mess with garbage, wires and tools laying around. on day 2 they finished the job and did very basic clean up. they clearly had no respect for my property or my stuff. I informed the office of the lack of supervision of the crew. I was informed that the Supervisor only checks the work after it is completed. I would not recommend them.
1	We contracted last year with Shasta for a pool spa combo.  What a mistake!  It took 8 months from contact to finish, almost every phase of the pool construction was messed up:  deck cement installed to incorrect measurements, we had  3 trips to store for reselecting the tile types over and over due to supplier outages??? Interior pool finish messy, got white finish up 1 inch of dark grey tile grout and didn't get cleaned up very well!  Tile installed incorrectly in spa, had to be ripped off and reinstalled, new electrical lines shorting out, blew up our existing electrical breaker box on our house and had to replace the box on the house (yes seriously), we had valve issues on the pump for a month, spa draining without a reason, finally found out there was a LEAK in the bottom of the pool! Had to drain spa and patch!  8 months of hassle, zero oversight of their subs/workers and less than zero communication or note taking between employees of Shasta, subs and us the customers.   We had to drain the pool twice for fixes and all we got was 1 check for 50 bucks for all our troubles.  Shasta did fix everything but what a friken a nightmare!  Buyer beware!
1	We installed a 30K pool 2 years ago and they were very eager to get the job done and get their money. They didn't do the job. They hired subcontractors who didn't speak English, they were good but not Shasta employees. The job was done wrong since the beginning. The first sales person they sent was drunk 2 out of 3 times he came and placed the order wrong so that's where the all crap started. Now if I call them with any question they are very very rude and dismissive , once they get your money DO NOT expect any good service back , I ensure you. They always say it's my fault for not doing this or that and the warranty is a JOKE. Whatever you call for, it's not covered by it!SHASTA IS AN OVERPRICED, LOW QUALITY POOL BUILDER THAT DOESN'T STAND BEHIND THEIR PRODUCT, and I'm trying to be civil (you know what I mean)Ciao guys, just don't use them EVER.
3	We reviewed bids from several remodeling contractors before settling on Shasta.  Shasta were about 30-40% higher than any other bid we received, but what really sold us was the lifetime warranty on the finish and that we were told that the people working on the remodel are employees vs subcontractors.  Their scheduling department wanted to get us going on the remodel and we decided to do it over a 3-week period when the kids were in Summer camp.  In summary:Poor scheduling:  Shasta wasted no time coming out to chip out the pool, then we had several days where nobody came to the house. I had to email and ask our PM why we were sitting looking at a drained and destroyed pool day after day with nothing being done on it in the middle of Summer.  When he called me back, he explained that they schedule each "next phase" once the first is complete, and then you may sit around waiting for days (or weeks) until the next contractor is available to start work.  Interior finish issues: We had to drain our pool again today as after Shasta installed the interior finish, they failed to acid wash the surface properly - leaving 4-ft stains coming out of the cleaner heads and highly irregular color distribution throughout the pool.  Thankfully, the 2nd acid washing remedied the most obvious discoloration, but draining a 35k gallon pool is no small undertaking, caused us yet more delay, we couldn't use the pool for more time, more expense and inconvenience and should have been done right the first time.  During the sales process we were explicit that we wanted a blue, not green pool. Our salesperson provided us with several choices that would deliver a blue finish. We selected a Premium finish and paid considerably higher $ for that finish. Now that the work is complete, the pool is way more green than blue, and a lot darker and more dull/matte than we were expecting.   Crappy Subcontractors: We were told by our Salesperson that one of the benefits of going with Shasta was "one throat to choke" ... unlike the "other guys in town" they do it all themselves.  In fact, they use a tile contractor, whose work was sloppy and unprofessional.  They smoked at our house, installed a handhold 6 inches above a bench seat, worked 2 hours a day, left junk laying around while they were here & left big gaps in the grout. They returned to fix their work to a satisfactory level about a month after the initial work was done (after involving the Shasta warranty manager and the tile company's President.) Broken stuff: The light on our pool worked before the install, does not work now, instead is flooded with water.  The Superintendent of the project was quite clear that Shasta will not replace the light.  Claims it's in the fine print of the contract that this is a "hazard" of doing a remodel ... and so, we're responsible for fixing it.  In the end, Shasta offered to replace the light for the cost of materials only, which we appreciated. Ongoing issues: we had all our heads replaced as part of the remodel. Apparently a whole batch were "bad" and now, almost every day we have one break and pop off. They are replacing them one by one, which means we have to call them every other day & have them come back out.  Not only that, but one of the heads and housing was installed the incorrect color and is dark gray vs light gray. Terms: Shasta's contract is set up so you pay them in advance of each part of the project, then sit around and wait for them to schedule the next phase. They have your money and you have zero leverage.  Take your money, lose your number: Once we signed the contract and had our preconstruction walk through, we had zero communication from our Salesperson.   He was overjoyed to take our money, but failed to return a single call or email to discuss any of our concerns. He then sent us an email asking us to remove his name from this review as he was worried about losing business as a result and, basically asking us to understand that he doesn't get paid to "listen to us vent" as he isn't a PM.  Matthew, if you wanted to discuss how you could have avoided an unpleasant review, you only had to respond to a single voicemail or reply to an email and have a conversation. I am also in sales, and I make it my business to make sure that once the ink is dry, my number still works. Ignoring unhappy customers doesn't make them "go away". ** update 9/16/14 - I spoke today with the executive team member responsible for the remodeling division. He assured me that our experience with Shasta was far from typical and we will meet with the warranty manager to review all outstanding concerns.  He has also changed their contract to be more explicit around their use of subs. He listened to our concerns and explained their side, and while we still are not 100% happy with the pool, we at least feel as though there is an open dialogue and genuine effort to resolve the issues
