1	...only because you HAVE to give them a stupid star!!! So, initially, the girl working the drive thru was helpful and polite... it's a KFC, so that's really not that common. My order was taken quickly and without issues. I ordered a 20 piece hot wings and two large sides, simple. Get to the window and wait for at least 10 minutes while they do whatever it is that they do back there, just super freakin' slow. Finally get to the window, again, the girl was polite and professional and get my food. My food came out a lot quicker than the previous order. I drive the 4 miles back to my house, craving these hot wings and get home to find my two sides and some meal of "baked" chicken!!! I just want my hot wings!! I'm supe upset and this chicken is gross. Paid $20 for this awful meal. Never again will I venture out of my way for a KFC!!
2	Dining room is nasty like it has not been cleaned the whole day. Cashier seemed a bit put off when we said we needed more time. She didn't ask for here or to go so when she brought to go boxes I told her it was for dining in she took the boxes and put them on a tray. Food was too hot eat and burned my wife's mouth. Other the chicken was its normal goodness.
1	Note that I do not really eat the food here (which is the same as any KFC) but some friends of mine go here often (mostly to hear see what the managers are doing wrong this time) so I tag along. This place is awful. Only one the usual drive through girl does well. One of the managers (Isaac I think) is always either outside or in the dining area talking to random people or on his phone. I've never seen him working at all. The other male manager is usually fussing at employees for doing one job and saying they should be doing another. The female manager is worse.... We have actually heard her cussing at and threatening to punch an employee before. The GM is often standing right there and does nothing about it. This is probably because the majority of employees and managers are racist. We know this because we can hear the racial slurs behind the counter and the majority race is always making the the few of the other race do all of the work while that majority race stands around doing nothing. IF YOU ARE AN ATTORNEY PLEASE VISIT THIS PLACE FOR A SURE WIN LAWSUIT! We even heard that one of the employees was shorted on their paycheck. We also saw a manager clock out an employee while they were still working and when the employee confronted them about it they refused to put the time worked back into the computer (we heard the whole conversation because it was loud).  If you like drama or a lawsuit by all means eat here. If not I'd recommend never going to this location.
1	This is an update to a previous review. This location is apparently under new management. A woman named T or Miss T (something like that, woman with red hair last time we saw her) seems to be the new GM. We also found out that the girl who threatened to punch an employee (mentioned in the last review) is named April. Now this place is worse than before. The managers are still not friendly and most of the service is not welcoming. No only that the April girl mentioned in the last review now apparently attacked another employee. We heard that she threatened to choke the employee (and it seems that she actually did because my friend saw said employee the next day and she had pretty bad marks on her neck so it kind of makes you wonder... Remember this is the same April in our last review that we heard threatening to punch another employee. It seems to me this kind of activity should grounds for firing and in most employ manuals it is under their no tolerance policies. Hard to believe the new GM is even worse than the old one to let such things happen. That being said if ur a psycho I guess this is the place to work since they allow an employee to threaten and possibly attack people there. If you eat here be careful and bring some kind of protection!
