5	I absolutely LOVE sushi. I have eaten a lot of sushi in my life, at a lot of different types of sushi places...from getting it at a grocery store to eating at Kaizen, one of the more expensive places for sushi in Montreal, and has some of the freshest, most buttery fish I've had in the city. Osuka's fish is really really top notch. The restaurant itself has only a couple of tables and the sushi counter. It's really meant more for take out and delivery. They have a pretty average menu, what you'd expect, nothing fancy, but they get the full 5 stars for the quality of fish. Really nice and melty. They also have some chef specialties that are quite good. They deliver for free and give you different free rolls depending on how much you order. The other reason they get the full five stars is for the prices. Very very reasonable for the quality: 5.75 for a spicy tuna roll, 6.50 for a kamikaze, 7.95 for one of their specialty rolls. For 50$, you and your dinner date can stuff your faces and still have a bit for lunch tomorrow (unless you're like me and enjoy sushi midnight snacks).
1	Saw the five-star reviews here (2 of them) and thought I would give it a try. It was a mistake. I have had sushi in many places such as Tokyo's fish market, San Francisco, NYC, Stockholm, Buenos Aires.  Some were good and some were bad. And this place is one of the worst. Look at the picture I took and you can see that the fish was not fresh. The owner is Vietnamese which was a sign. I should have trusted my gut feelings.The service was bad. Not even a thank you. I did see that they had a wifi on my phone network but the owner said it's for private use only. Many other restaurants have free wifi in the area. They have done such a good job not trying to provide any service at all.  Ordered 15 pieces combo and 7 pieces are avocado sushi. With a bottle of water and its almost CAD $20.  The two five-stars reviews must have come from the owner's friends.  What a disappointment!
1	We ordered for take out. First of all, they were very rude on the phone, not wanting to read back our order, but we no big deal. When we got back, I ate my smoked salmon sushi, and it tasted awful, the fish had clearly gone bad. I called them to let them know, and they told me I probably just don't like salmon. I've been eating salmon sushi for years! If they had at least apologized, it wouldn't have made it as bad. All in all, never going back.
1	Basically if you enjoy fried sushi this is the place today! Sushi portions are abnormally large so that one can't manage to fit it into their mouth and they are extremely poorly wrapped to the point the sushi doesn't even make it to your mouth before falling apart! Don't recommend!
3	They have a pretty good selection of rolls. I have only ordered delivery combos from here, and everytime have been pleasantly surprised. They deliver quite fast (within 30 minutes) and are always nice and courteous. The delivery plates are consistent and well presented, and the miso soup is quite excellent. Not a bad choice for sushi options!
