4	Nice quiet Lowes, still not as busy as the Rock Hill or Pineville Lowes. Asways plenty of parking and right off I77.
5	Free wi fi!  This is my neighborhood Lowe's and  they always do a great job for me.  Added bonus, they are just over the line in South Carolina, so I save some money in sales tax!  I shop there regularly for garden supplies and birdseed, and stuff for my house.  I love there Valspar paints too.  Recently I chose Lowe's when I had to replace both my disposal and Microwave. I also bought new vertical blinds for my kitchen there too.  I have always been impressed with their contracted installers.  Everyone was on time, and polite.  All the work was done in a timely manner and someone from Lowe's came by to check while my disposal was being installed.  I will continue to shop this Lowes for its convenience and service.
4	I can't recall a bad experience at any Lowe's I've been to. Wide aisles, well stocked and organized shelves, helpful and knowledgeable staff, reasonable prices. And they have a free wifi network. Love it.
1	When I went in Tuesday night I saw more employees than customers. Not one single person asked if I needed help. This happens all too often at Lowes and Home Depot. Small hardware stores the only place where you can get professional and kind assistance. I'll be happy to pay extra at the Mom and Pop places. At least I know the money is going to better use. Seriously fuck these large box stores that don't give a shit!
1	On December 19, 2014, I noticed that my outdoor freezer had a puddle of water surrounding it. I quickly ran out to Lowe's in search of a replacement freezer. We have never been a fans of the Rock Hill Lowe's, so we went to the one in Fort Mill. They told us that they would look and see if they had any in stock. Well, turns out they did not have any in stock, but they would call the Rock Hill Lowe's to check for us. It was taking quite a while to hear back from the staff in Rock Hill, so we went ahead and drove over to the Lowe's in Rock Hill, while waiting on the one in Fort Mill to give us a call on our cell phone. Fort Mill had not called us in the 15 minutes it took us to get to Rock Hill, nor did they ever call at all to let us know an answer. We were not happy with Lowe's, so we searched other stores such as Sears and Home Depot. We finally found a store with a freezer in stock, but never did we hear a response from the Lowe's in Fort Mill. Very slow and inconsiderate service. In the future, while searching for appliance needs, I will stop at Sears and Home Depot.
