5	Meg is one of the top massage therapists in all of Charlotte! I have been having a lot of backaches due to my pregnancy. I go to her for prenatal massage, and she is really AMAZING. I went to Meg before my pregnancy, and she was always able to just "know" the spots that needed the most work. She uses the perfect amount of pressure. I feel totally comfortable around her. And every time after my massage I leave feeling very relaxed and relieved of my back and hip pain.Thanks Meg!
5	Meg has the best flow of any therapist I've ever had.  She really knows how to go right to that problem area and work it out.  I was having serious lower back pain and after just the first massage it made a noticeable difference.  I went in requesting deep tissue but Meg explained how a neuromuscular would be more effective for my lower back pain.  For someone that doesn't know a ton about the different types of massages the flat rate took a lot of the pressure off and made the experience hassle free.
5	I had a fantastic experience with my massage.  Meg is highly experienced and knows what she is doing; most importantly, she listens and is receptive to your needs.  For example, had an issue with my toes cramping, which she could tell immediately just from the massage and catered the massage accordingly.  Plus, she gave me a few recommendations/ideas for additional things I could do outside of massage, which were super helpful!I would definitely recommend Meg and Escape Massage.
5	Great massage and one of the best I've had.  Unlike most massages, I never had to ask for more pressure.  In fact, at one point I was going to ask for less pressure near a sore spot on my back but she eased up before I could even get the words out.  It was like she was reading my mind.  She's also really good with providing tips that help alleviate pains and stress when you're not getting a massage.  And these tips aren't like "sit with better posture" or "exercise more", they were much more specific to my body type and habits.  It's crazy how much she knew about me and my habits just from giving me a massage, but that definitely lead to a better experience.  All in all, it's definitely my new regular massage place for Charlotte.
5	Meg is awesome! It is obvious she is a very skilled and experienced therapist. I had a wonderful 90 min prenatal massage. She was accommodating to my every need (even pregnancy related needs like the room temperature, etc etc). I have had MANY massages in my day and she is one of the best. She has the right personality and demeanor that you would like for a massage therapist with the skill. Meg was able to get my back and other areas fixed along with added tips at the end to do while I'm home with my little girl. Her building isn't the most fanciest of all places but to me that doesn't matter when I know I am getting a good massage. Her massage room is very clean and inviting. Great area of town. I would definitely recommend her for anyone-- especially if you are wanting a pre-natal massage. Can't wait to go back while pregnant and after!
5	Meg was kind enough to work me in this past week when I was hurting so badly in my back, neck, and head from Crohns Disease and Arthritis/Fibromyagia.  She worked on me at a reduced price Groupon after I called and spoke with her.  Meg did such a wonderful job that I felt 100 % better afterward.  I have never been to her before but I can tell you that I hope next time I need help that I can go back to her because she was remarkable.  This was the best massage I have ever had and I have had many in my lifetime.  Thanks to Meg for working me in and helping me when I was desperate.New Client,Susie Cooper
5	Meg gives incredible massages, wow! Bought groupon deals for my husb and I and we both left feeling really amazing! We are not newbies to massage - some people like to spend their money buying things; we buy massages - so we know what we like. We both absolutely loved Meg's style. Plus she's so easy to talk to, makes you feel instantly comfortable. Can't wait for my next one!
5	Meg is a true healer. I have experienced more pain relief and increased range of motion from these few months with Meg than I have from years physical therapy, injections, and medications. Meg has my highest recommendation.
5	I received a 90 minute massage from Meg for the first time this past weekend and it was amazing!!  It was a deep tissue massage that worked out all the knots and kinks I had in my neck, shoulder and back.  It even worked out a year old shoulder injury that I was just living with.  I had partially dislocated my left shoulder over a year ago and the range of motion had been limited ever since.  I had just gotten so used to it that I forgot to even mention it to her before we started.  But then once I got home I noticed I could swing my arm around over my head with nearly no pain at all!  The building she works in isn't what you'd expect but she the massage room set up very well, it is warm, comfortable and relaxing.  Not to mention Meg is so so so nice and sweet.  She immediately puts you at ease and read to relax.  I definitely recommend her!
5	Meg was Awesome!! I came in with issues and she was able to work them out for me.  She has great pressure and knowledge. She is very professional and I would recommend her to anyone.
5	I have been seeing Meg for over a year now.  My husband is a huge fan too.  We both have back and neck issues and everytime we see Meg, we come away feeling better.  I just saw her last week - she was kind enough to fit me in on short notice - and it was a strong, deep massage that was incredibly healing.  Even though I didn't have instant relief from the SI joint pain I was feeling, after icing that night and stretching the next day, my back was feeling better.  I have a tilted pelvis, so there is only so much she can do to help me.  But I trust her, she knows what she is doing and I feel very comfortable with her.  She has true compassion for those who experience pain and I believe she truly wants all her clients to feel better.  She is the kind of massage therapist who will go the extra mile for her clients so that whatever pain we are in, we aren't in it for long.  I would recommend Meg for whatever issues you have - she is a good person with a great heart - and true healing hands.
5	Meg is an amazing massage therapist with lots of knowledge about her profession.  You can tell she is passionate about what she does, and is always in a great mood when you arrive.  She is always asking how you are doing and feeling, and just super sweet all around.  I have had several massages in my lifetime, and I am also in the service industry.  I can tell you that she is the best as far as service and professionally.  Great prices for what you receive as well!  Go see her, as you will NOT be disappointed..~Kristin G
5	I've been seeing Meg now for probably close to a year for massages. She has treated me with massages ranging from lymphatic drainage to deep tissue. Every time I see her for a massage, I feel like a brand new person leaving the room. I really enjoy Meg as she gets to know her clients on a personal level prior to the massage, making the massage experience that much more personal. I would recommend Meg to anyone that wants an experienced massage therapist, who truly loves and enjoys what they do!!
5	I went to Meg today for a prenatal massage and it was easily one of the best massages I have ever received. Not only is she a sweetheart, but she was strong and very thorough.  I have full intentions of booking every month until this baby arrives and hopefully after.  What a relaxing experience!
