4	I drove by and there was a blank storefront with no signage or notice. Turns out it moved across the street and is now near the other furniture stores (At Home, Creative Leather, Spencer's Appliance) at 2711 S. San Tan Village Pkwy, Gilbert. The new store is brighter and has floor-to-ceiling windows on 2 sides.
1	I will never make another purchase from this company ever again! The company tried to deliver damaged furniture to my home and then gave me the run around about processing a refund when I refused to accept the items. After 5 phone conversations, they agreed to refund me for refusing damaged items. I cannot recommend this to anyone.
4	I like that Razmataz sells unique items, and yes, large pieces.  Most people buy furniture that is too small which ends up making rooms appear unfinished.  One or two large pieces, even in small spaces, can help a room look larger, finished, and actually decorated.  As far as the no return policy that was clearly explained to us up front, AND we had to sign on the sales receipt that we understood the policy.  So I don't understand how or why this would be a surprise to any shopper. I purchased an item for less than half what a comparable piece would have cost elsewhere and it is definitely large and unique.  Razmataz is not for a non-observant shopper or someone looking for the status quo.
2	Razmataz is going out of business ... to close 5 stores by year's end 2012.The owners, a couple, are parting ways and the business will be liquidated.http://www.azcentral.com/business/articles/20121018razmataz-furniture-close-5-stores.htmlPrices seen at 2 of the stores in Chandler & Gilbert are about 5-10% lower on chairs and other furniture. Some furniture and decor is further marked down but not a great deal. A wooden table is still $998. Upholstered dining chairs were $219 now $209. A lot of the furniture on the store floor is marked "sold" waiting for people to pick up. They said what you see is what there is, except for what's in the warehouse which will restock the stores until depleted. I asked how long will stores be open, said until it's all sold. The article says will be closed by year end.
