5	Like Eleanor said, this Boots has been a saviour to me far too many times - I should really know better! Especially concerning sanitary products for travelling the good ol-public way , the wipes have been a saviour. I get the impression the ladies who work here get that a lot . Anyway apart from this, it's great and one of the most affordable places in the station to get a quick snack to avoid paying for over priced train food. Once again Boots saves the day!
5	As Eleanor and Anna pointed out, this Boots is great for food. I hate going into WH Smith and paying double the price for everything purely because it is located in a train station. So Boots is perfect for picking up food and drink for your train journey. The meal deal is the best meal deal for miles around. I usually go for sushi (which costs around 2.50 anyway so the meal deal at 2.99 is a must buy), Vitamin Water and some fresh fruit or the more unhealthy crisp option. You can mix and match to your hearts (or stomachs) content.There is also a good selection of all the must need toiletries, painkillers and cosmetics so if you have forgotten anything Boots will take care of it.
4	Show me someone who hates Boots and I'll show you a man that can walk on water. Everybody loves Boots!! How can you not?Their points system was revolutionary to the market at the time, and still is! I collect all my points throughout the year by making relatively small purchases (such as the amazing meal deal) regularly and can afford to buy most of my Christmas presents with the points I've collected. It just means that my brothers are going to get new razors every year, but hey!!Their meal deal is completely brilliant too - a sandwich, drink and snack for less than it would cost you to get to work in the morning. Result!!
5	Boots seems to have slowly creeped up from nowhere to switch from a functional store to a place which is shown the love by all and sundry, but when even the staff are a cut above at this branch, I'd say they deserve it.During busy times, the manager sometimes comes on the tills at the Waverley Station Boots, and his Barras / Albert Square Market style banter is a joy to behold. With wit and enthusiasm, it sticks in the mind far more than the sullen-faced, resentful service we're used to elsewhere.
