5	Dr. Kha has been amazing.  She has worked with me, my husband and both of my daughters and has always been very patient and understanding.  She told me that she opened her own practice so she wouldn't have to "sell" dental work - and I believe it. She always presents options, sharing the pros's and con's of each - and doesn't steer us toward the more expensive choice.  Her office is very new, nicely decorated and welcoming.  There are even nice large TV's mounted on the ceiling above the treatment chairs for you to watch. Going to the dentist is never going to be a 'fun time' activity, but Dr. Kha does her best.  She doesn't rush through things or manipulate you into agreeing to expensive and questionably effective treatments. What else can you ask for?
4	Great dentist.  Very soothing and confidence installing.  Even my kids like her.  Cares a lot about patients and pain prevention.Totally recommended.
5	Dr. Kha is great.  She takes her time to work with her patients.  For example, unlike other dental office that I have been with, you only get to see your doctor for 2 minutes for a quick check after cleaning.  With Dr. Kha, she takes her time to explain the situation, what she is about to do, ensure you're fully informed on everything she does no matter it is a routine cleaning or a crown (I have done both there, first hand experience).  Most importantly, she focus on quality of work, use of  top materials, and the ensure overall experience is as pleasant as possible.  I highly recommend someone with any past uncomfortable  experience with other dentist to give Dr. Kha a try.  I believe you'll be pleasantly surprised.
5	This place is wonderful! We came here for our kids and their dentist is Dr. Rao. She is an excellent doctor and my daughters love her so much. I haven't seen them as happy at any other dental office.
5	I took my 2 year old for her first dentist checkup to Dr. Rao. She was amazing! She made my daughter feel so comfortable that she didn't even make a peep. She was gentle, soothing and very nurturing. I HIGHLY recommend her to any parents looking for a great pediatric dentist. I searched everywhere and finally decided on giving Dr. Rao a try, and I was not disappointed. I plan on switching my own dental care to Dr. Kha as well and give her a try. I hope this is our new Family Dentistry. The staff is extremely friendly and the facilities are very clean (an absolute MUST for me).
5	My wife, kids and I all go here now due to the attention to detail work Dr. Rao and Dr. Kha did to our teeth and make recommendation on how we can maitain it.  Office open on Saturday which fits with our busy weekday schedule.
5	Open Saturdays - check!Great general dentist - check!Great pediatric dentist - check!Friendly office staff - check!
