4	Finally the nail salon i can come back!! Clean and spacious salon, painless procedure (whew! ) and great selections of opi. Thank you, Christina.
5	I can't believe no one has reviewed this salon!! This is my go to nail salon now, a lady from work had nice nails so I asked where she got hers done and she referred me to this this place and told me to make sure Christina does my nails, I'm so glad I listened, Christina does an amazing job and is so nice and friendly, I love that she remembers everyone by name, makes you feel like a person, not just any ol' person. Nails are very durable, my nails lasted forever even after all the hard work  I do with my hands on a daily basis. This place isn't too close to my house but definitely worth the drive. I'll try and post a pic of my nails (pink and white acrylic full set with gel top coat, $45) they look great and I always get compliments on my nails.
5	I would like to start my saying Aloha Nails is a very wonderful play.  Christina has been doing my nails for about a year.  I had been to many salons. I told her what I was looking for and my issues and she addressed everything and did an exceptional job. I enjoy going in every time to see her and her staff.  And please don't let the name fool you.... They do nails, waxing, eye brow tattoo, paraffin wax for hands and just so much more. The staff are just as great! They are so friendly and make you feel welcome. I am sure you have heard so many people go on about "their" place they go. I promise you will not be disappointed at this salon. Thank you Christine and all the lovely people who work at Aloha Nails.
5	This is the only place I'll go for my nails.Great service, friendly staff, all around terrific!
1	When I first walked in the door there was no hello just a "can I help you", she didn't even tell me to pick out a color. I had told her I had just called and made an appointment but I still had to wait. I just went ahead and did it any way. I was thinking of leaving at that point but since it had good reviews I gave it a chance. Lani was the girl that did my pedi, she was not friendly and killed me with the metal digging tool. I told her she was making me bleed and she just kept going and ignored me. She asked me if I wanted the razor, which by law salons are not allowed to use. Needless to say I will not be going there again! I wouldn't even give it a 1 star rating but I had to pick one since the program made me.
5	Aloha Nails is the best Nail Spa ever!!! I have been going to Aloha Nails for 2yrs now and Christina is the best at doing my nails!!! I love that she is always down with my crazy ideas that I come up with!! If your thinking of getting your nails done go to Christina , I will promise you, she will give you nails that will give you loads of compliments , I always get compliments on my nails!!! I'm giving 5 stars !!!
5	Very attentive, quickly accommodated our group of five. Friendly staff. Reasonably priced.
4	I finally found a nail salon I like! Joanne did a fill for me after a disappointing set from another salon. She was meticulous and made sure each nail was right on BOTH sides and also not too thick. This will be my new nail salon.
1	I am so DONE with this nail shop! I have been coming here on and off for 5 years and shame on me for letting previous reviews slip through the crack! When I first started coming here to do my nails I had Christina, the HBIC doing my nails which she is very good at. After awhile she just became so requested that I was put off on her other random employees to do my nails. The quality was just not there so I would go other places, and every once in awhile come back and give it another try since I live in the area.This was the last straw and there will be no further visits from me as long as I am breathing on earth. My last and most recent visit was BAD, leaving me disgusted to say the least. The lady working on my new set of acrylics glued the nail to my thumb skin and upon separating my skin from the nail tore my flesh causing it to bleed. I was in quite a bit of pain while she finished my nails and her super gluing my wound closed was not the best idea because it hurt like HELL!So here I am the next day still hurting and suffering with torn skin that is a deep tear. No apologies, no compassion as she just continues on with grinding and filing etc. She is done with one hand then a woman comes in for a pedicure and her coworker comes up to switch and take over so she can go do the pedicure. Wow really? That is really a pet peeve of mine at a nail shop when someone starts on my nails then another comes in to finish. I had a acrylic on one hand only seriously. That is not quality work when you have two different people with different styles doing a job. Straight BS! My nails ended up looking crappy, one hand the acrylic was thicker than the other. The filing and shaping of my nails are uneven. Never again...F me once I will swallow...F me again I will spit!I should have just flipped the bird and walked out I was so disgusted at that point, I really felt like doing that seriously. The thought actually ran across my freaking mind!Instead I decided to stay, bend over and take this catastrophe as it played out hoping for a quick finish.I have never been a fan of their cleanliness in this shop in regards to pedicures from what I have witnessed. I have ONLY done my nails as I would not ever let them touch my feet even with a ten foot jolly pole! This night I witnessed them using the same dead skin scrubby on two clients without any form of disinfectant, damn it I just threw up in my mouth again.You know the purpose of those colorful little square dead skin scrubbers is to do just that...flake away DEAD SKIN! Disgusting, that is why I always purchase those in advance from any nail salon I go to so they can use a new one on my feet. They are like 2.50 and any salon is more than happy to sell one to you. I keep it in a zip lock baggy and bring it with me for pedicures. Think about it, do you really want a strangers dead skin shavings being rubbed into and on your feet? Hell no so get with the program!As far as Christina the nail salon Owner/Manager she is clearly burned out on her job, her personality and passion for her business is gone, long gone. It is clearly all about that Almighty D... dollar in this case.
5	Kenny is hilarious and fantastic! Great pedis for me and my two girls! Definitely a good place to go for a good chuckle and a good scrub - be sure to ask for a side of Parmesan cheese!! Get off the strip for an affordable and good pedicure.
5	Absolutely love this place. The waits can be long, but you definitely get your money's worth and good quality service. The pedicure is actually one of the best I've had while in Vegas for their pricing.
5	I'm in Vegas to renew my wedding vows and Aloha happened to be near our hotel.  They are AMAZING! The employees are very friendly and professional. They also had several repeat customers come in while I was there. It was probably THE BEST pedicure I've ever had.
1	This place is a joke! I wanted to have the acrylics taken off the right way. What does the nail tech do (if she is license, which I doubt)? She takes a tip, go under where it was lifting, and painfully takes it off. She kept saying I'm sorry, but you can tell she wasn't. She was in too much of a rush to take it off I should of left and gone somewhere else for a manicure, but I wish I made time to go somewhere else that day. Of course, it was a crappy, rush job. You could tell she didn't want to be there. The deal breaker? Thank God I didn't get a pedicure! In the midst of all this, another nail tech had a guy who wanted a pedicure. After the guy left, she doesn't even clean the metal foot file, let alone sanitize it. I was so disgusted, I wanted to puke. I don't want a used metal foot file, with someone else's dead skin still on it. Gross!!!
5	Will be back been in summerlin for two months this nail shop did the best natural looking layover yet ! I actually took a full set off and let the lady redo the messed up job .. C
