5	Absolutely stunning and peaceful.  You could walk through Allegheny Cemetery 100 times and see something different every time.  Highlights include:-Stephen Foster & family buried here, famous songwriter and Pittsburgh celeb-A mausoleum with topless sphinxes out-front on "Millionaire's Row"-Various burgh politicians-Special section for Civil War Veterans and a memorial for all VetsIf you have the opportunity to go on a tour of AC offered by Venture Outdoors, do it!  The history and fun facts will blow you away.  Sneak peak - the first person buried in the cemetery was the daughter of the original cemetery owner.  Her grave is on a hill and faces where their house was originally located.  Cool, right?
5	The Allegheny Cemetery is the most stunning cemetery I've ever gone to! Appearing as a castle upon entry, you slowly drive through the antique gates and down the path towards the cemetery. You immediately see the wonderful landscaping that sets the tone for the rest of the cemetery that you are about to see! There are even picnic benches along the entry way for you to enjoy quick bite or a conversation while taking in the scenery surrounding you. The headstones are beautiful, intricate and unique, including the famous stone that has the JAWS cover carved into it! You will see your occasional jogger or biker, enjoying the sights of the cemetery and as you drive through, you can see the abundance of history hidden in the carved stones. The area is just purely breath taking- from the wild deer families to the trees, ponds and hills.
5	It's a cemetery, what can I say. You have to be that type of person that likes that sort of thing I guess, but to be honest I saw many regular folks just using it for a afternoon job. It is a very large cemetery and would take a few hours at least to really take in. I didn't get through half of it. It is a very pretty places, with lots of trees. We even saw 10-15 deer throughout. I think it would be a great place any time of day just to walk around. Quiet and peaceful...with ..oh yeah.. a lot of dead people. You really get to see the economic lines between people here to. Some of these mausoleums, tombs, stones are huge. The money that was dished out in mind blowing. I enjoyed myself, and like I said. this place takes awhile to get through, each experience would be unique. Highly recommend
