5	This is one of the best hidden gems in Fort Mill. I have been here several times over the past couple years with my Honda & Chevy. Each time I call ahead, and they let me know the best time to come in, just in case they are closed early or are really busy. The owner is great, very down to earth and straight to the point. They always do a great job, and have the best prices around. Will be purchasing tires from them soon, and am sure that transaction will be just as good as the others. I won't go to anyone else in the area for anything tire related. Cash is what they prefer, but they do accept some credit cards as well.
4	I decided to try this place out for a two-wheel front end alignment because most of the big chains in Charlotte are rip offs.  Its located right off 77 in Fort Mill.  I was there promptly at 8AM and they took me right in.  I asked for two wheel front end alignment and for them to straighten my steering wheel a little as it was cocked slightly to the left.  It took them about 15 minutes including the test drive up the street, which was to check my steering wheel.  They did a great job and charged $40 for the alignment.  No steal by any means but definitely a fair price.Make sure you do your homework on your car before you ever get an alignment.  Some shops will try to sell you a 4 wheel alignment when all you need is a 2 wheel alignment.  You would only need a 4 wheel alignment if your vehicle has independent suspension in the rear.  In the case of my truck it has a solid rear axle so you can only perform a 2 wheel front end alignment.
5	Fast friendly service at a great price.   What more can you ask for?
5	I have taken my vehicles here for about five years. Mike is a fair and honest guy. I asked him today to check my Wrangler's ball joints  while doing a front end alignment as they are notorious for wearing out prematurely. When he called to say it was ready, I was pleasantly surprised when I was told that everything was tight and looked good. It's refreshing to find a place that doesn't try to rip you off by saying you need unnecessary repairs!
5	I have used Griffin Alignment on all of my vehicles for many years now. I also get them to do the brakes, alignment, and suspension on all my vehicles. They are very good and honesty. I have been to many tire/alignment companies and all of them try to charge you crazy cost. They are always the cheapest and do the best work. I recommend these guys to anyone and everyone I know. Keep up the great work.
5	I did a lot of loking and researching before choosing Griffin to align my truck.  I had two terrible alignments over the last couple of years that both damaged my vehicle and my tires.  One was a dealer and one was completed by a chain mechanic shop.I don't know that I have ever had a better service experience than I had with Griffin.  These guys are just amazing.  Mike and his staff are nice, friendly, and they really know what they are doing.  Very happy with my alignment.  No computer needed, these guys know their geometry and how to align a vehicle correctly.  Highly recommended and will return when I need brakes.
