1	Booo! I can't stand Sprint. Not to go all "Consumer Reports" on Yelp, but my report is that Sprint is an unethical, slimey, seething parasite to our society.They "fine print" you to death, so that before you know it your once manageable phone bill now has ballooned beyond your most pessimistic expectations. They change phone plans, so that you can't switch up or down for anytime minutes without taking a serious hit. On top of that, they make you renew your contract for two years every time you need to adjust your plan. Nightmarish - that's the word I was reaching for.
2	Warning on Sprint:Even if you pay the monthly handset insurance, they have engineered their policies to basically force you to purchase an upgrade and re-up your contract if you run into ANY hardware problem after the first year or so of ownership.The insurance only covers a direct replacement. If your handset is even slightly out of date they will tell you to wait (phoneless) 3-5 days for the replacement to get to you.Of course, you can always upgrade . . . for a fee.  . . But if you have made the mistake in good conscience of taking the phone to a service center first and waiting an hour to see if your phone can be fixed, and then decide to upgrade while there, that's an $18 fee for trying to get it fixed in person rather than just putting in your ticket online and waiting 3-5 days. When you call to complain, you will be told that the charges are "system generated" and thus can't be removed. I found that escalating to a manager (using keywords "cancel my account") and telling him/her that you have a system that will generate letters to the attorney general and your credit card company and there is NOTHING YOU CAN DO TO STOP IT tends to work. I got my $18 back and I strongly suggest everyone else do this as well. If you don't get what you want on the first call, call back. And again. And again.These policies apply no matter which plan you are on, and no matter how long you have been with them, and no matter how much other business you represent as a corporate customer.So why 2 stars? Because really all cell phone companies basically suck balls and have from day one. At least Sprint usually lets me connect.
5	iPhone 4S for 75.00! Mom always said a smile will always get you in the door everything else is up to your ability to keep them entertained. That's how it is done. This is why I have been with Sprint for 11 years!  Love Ya!!!Have an Amazing Day Everyone!!!
1	I have been with Sprint for around 10 years and have always received great customer service... until now. A few days ago my phone began shutting off after just a few minutes of use, even after being fully charged.So I brought it in to the 20th Street location and after uttering these words "My phone keeps shutting off and I'm not sure its the batte...." I was interrupted by the rep and told that I would have to leave my phone there for 24 hours while they ran diagnostics on it. Very inconvenient, but nothing else to do, so I agreed and was promptly hustled out the door.I returned the next day and was informed that my phone was in perfect working order! No problems at all. Okaaaaay... So I start looking my phone over and noticed that they didn't even do a factory reset (did they even run any tests at all?)  Then two minutes later lo and behold, my phone shuts down again in front of their eyes. After a few minutes of head-scratching they changed the battery ...the battery that they said was working perfectly just a few minutes before... and now it works again.My suggestion: Go to the Sprint store at 890 N 54th St., Chandler, AZ 85226. A bit of drive, but worth an hour of useful time as opposed to 24 hours of incompetence.
1	I went to the store trying to get help transferring my contacts into my new iPhone ( that I got there the day before) Monica Hatton was "helping me" looking at my phone and giving me one word answers. She did not tell me what was wrong or how to fix it and the while holding my phone turns around and darts talking to a co worker about non related things ( not even related to another customer) when I said something she turned around gave me my phone and said I can go else where! With the most unbelievable attitude I have ever seen. The manager was just then walking in from outside and explained why it would not work. I just can not believe that someone like This Monica is working as customer service  rep. Telling me to go else where so she can have a chitchat.
2	Well after nearly 20 years with Sprint I am leaving them for another carrier. I have always had great customer service and very little issues with my service or phones. With all that in mind though I am also tired of having to pay for services I don't get in the Phoenix market (which I am in 99% of the time) such as 4G. I also have found that I can get the extras I have to pay for with Sprint I can get from other carriers included within my plan. In addition to all of that the phone I wish to up grade to on Sprint I can get for less on another carrier without an upgrade discount. I had to way out the pros and cons and in the end I would rather pay the extra $12.00 a month and actually get what I am paying for. I had a lot of hope that Sprint would get it together but alas it does not seem that will happen in any foreseeable future.  Sorry for the 2 stars but that's all Sprint deserves anymore. If weren't for my long history with Sprint it would have been 1 star.
1	I realize that most people who need a phone usually don't check reviews on Yelp, but for those that do, stay away from this location. These people are trained to tell bald face lies in order to make sales. The reason I say trained is because I've seen a pattern with the employees. I was told in March of 2011 that I should buy a 4G Samsung 1 because 4G would be coming out any day. A year and 1/2 later I dropped the phone and cracked the scree and still on contract I told them I did not want an upgraded Samsung III if they weren't coming out of 4G anytime soon, the the next employee sounded like he was giving me the same sale pitch the first one did, that 4G was coming out, giving me that nudge to spend more money than I wanted to.Also I was sold a Sprint MIFI and I was told you could go anywhere at anytime and connect to the internet. After about 6 visits to this location for tech support, we end up resetting the thing each time, but if I'm in the field, and since that's required every single time I use it, I might as well just use my phone for internet and save 10-15 minutes. I paid $100 of this Piece of cr..p thing and $37 per month and they flat out refuse to let me out of the contract.I was being sarcastic when the manager after several tech support visits between my phones and MIFI asked me my name and I told him he should know it by now, and his response was that I should be thankful that at least someone was helping me.It's damn near a monopoly, but not quite. There's still Verizon and T-Mobile, and god forbid running a business with Cricket, which is a small step down from Sprint.
1	I have been to many.. many.. sprint stores and this is the worst. Employees are slow. Most of them very uneducated with their own product. And just all around poor customer service. This store needs some work.
1	Don't bother scheduling your appointment in advance online(they never received my reservation even though I had a confirmation number.). Also make sure you give your name at "check-in" to at least three different people to make sure you get on the list.  Worst customer service.
1	Every time my upgrade rolls around, I go to this Sprint store first because it's closest to my house. Every time, I'm disappointed and end up going somewhere else (usually the Best Buy across the street) for my phone because this store does not have helpful employees. They are not kind, they'll tell you "This is what we can do. Take it or leave it" and usually what they offer is not doable at all.
1	How this store stays open, I have no idea. I went in to buy the iphone 6 16gb 5 weeks. The 16gb was actually in the store. I let the salse rep ANGEL talk me into the 64gb only because she said it was going to arrive in 3-4 DAYS! Well, she is a liar, this store is filled with a bunch of liars. I then tried to cancel my order and to make a long story short, they lied to me over the phone just to get me to come back in the store. This would not be such a big deal if ANGEL had been honest with me. The fact that ANGEL lied to get a sales is sleazy! Hey, SPRINT, you guys need to close this store. Seriously, do anything you can to not come into this specific store. I've used sprint for over 10 years and never had an issue until now.
1	Went in to this place because I was told by Best Buy and other Sprint reps that I needed to go to an actual store for an upgrade. For whatever reason I couldn't do it at Best Buy, that's another issue for later. I go in to the store hoping just for an answer as to WTF is going on with my acct. Well, I got no answers. Instead I got the run around and what I could do which would end up costing me a lot more money. Yeah, no thanks. The Sprint service sucks too much for me to want to pay more. But these guys treated me like I had no idea what I was talking about. I hate when people act like I don't know what I'm saying. Anyways. WORST customer service because I have NO answers. Don't waste your time here... or with Sprint for that matter.
1	Apparently the management of this store has no clue what customer service is all about. What's more is even though I was in the store requesting an exchange on day 14 they count the day I received the phone, even though late that Saturday evening and despite the fact there was a holiday during this period, as day one.Two weeks ago today I decided to leave Verizon with whom I have been reasonably satisfied except for cost, and explore other options. I have had a cellphone for 28 years and have, at one time or another, been with all of the major carriers. Two Saturdays ago I went to T-Mobile, AT&T and finally Sprint. On my way to this store I read the Yelp! reviews and thought to myself "they can't really be THAT bad, can they?" I've since discovered they are WORSE.Initially I was very satisfied with the sales process. I actually went online the day before and reserved phones, chose my plan, etc. I was a bit miffed that online I was told I qualified for three lines with no deposit but in store and after "further review" that I could only get two lines with a $50 deposit for each. I couldn't understand why as Verizon required no deposit from me two years ago and if anything my credit has improved somewhat sice but whatever. (When I received a letter from Sprint a week later it stated the phone number I provided could not be verified in public records. Are you kidding me? Guess I should have used my landline number. Oh well live and learn.) Because of this SNAFU the sales associate had to basically redo everything in the system so my time spent online was for naught but you can't fault an employee for crappy systems.Next day when I unboxed the phone and after charging it (even though I was told they are shipped to the store fully charged) and giving it a test drive I noticed a faint crackling static noise while streaming videos on YouTube. Initially I dismissed this as possibly being a fault with the video or possibly bad data connection but several days later while messing with ringtone options the same crackling static noise was there. As this was an HTC One M8 Harman Kardon edition and the main selling point was the superior audio quality I assumed getting a quick like-for-like exchange wouldn't be an issue. Wow was I wrong.After a lengthy back and forth with two different associates, one of whom the same person who sold me the phone, I was told that because it was now, by their strictest application of their policy, outside the14 day return policy, my only option was a refurbished phone through the insurance company. Really? One day and as I mentioned  earlier one of those days was a holiday during which no business could be transacted. Also this came after I was told by a member of their tech department there was nothing wrong with the phone and it was only after I demonstrated using the ringtones that they begrudgingly admitted there was indeed an issue. When I asked if I could appeal to a manager they informed me they were both managers and that nothing more could be done. When pressed a bit more , however, the assistant store manager was summoned. At last, I thought, someone who is empowered to make a customer happy. Wrong, again.He introduced himself as Chuck and initially was upbeat and positive. Progress perhaps. I introduced myself as Charlie, plead my case, and he proceeded to tap away at the computer terminal. Good sign. Then he asked to see my phone again. He then proceeded to tell me had the phone been in like new condition perhaps he could have given me some leeway but since there was a gouge on the back of the phone that walking out of the store with a replacement was not an option. I wish I could take and post a picture of this"gouge" which is actually a minute abrasion of the plastic backing which you'd need a micrometer to measure. At this point in time and knowing he was fishing for any excuse not to help me I became exasperated. At the very same time Chuck became a first class prick. Very unprofessional.I intend to send an email to corporate but I'm sure it will only resort in positive feedback to the employees at this store for towing the company line. "No waivers, no favors." So now I don't even have the option of cancellation without massive contract break fees. Be on notice, Sprint and the employees of the Town and Country store, on Monday there will be a call made to the AZ Attorney General's office as well as the Better Business Bureau about your lousy intractable business practices.
