3	I don't like chain restaurants, they lack personality and it isn't as good as if the owner was nearby, ensuring each item is served with a little slice of love.  With that said, this place just opened near me and it is pretty ok.  I won't be going daily for lunch, however it is open till 10pm and if I am late getting home or need dinner quick and on the fairly cheap this is a good choice.
2	It was OKAY. Qdoba is better.
5	I love all Chipotles and this location is no exception. Best fast casual out there. No surprises here, you will receive the same burrito, bowl or tacos you love and expect. Seating options are fewer at this location compared to downtown and the East side, but I have never encountered a problem.
1	Usually you can't go wrong at any chipotle, and the first couple of times were pretty standard. The last time I went, my wife and I realized the chicken was pink, undercooked. We showed them and they didn't even offer us a free dish, a refund, and didn't tell anyone else that some if the chicken was undercooked. They didn't even apologize and walked away from us just to remove the current bin of chicken. Got to give them 1 star just for that.
5	I've been going here on an every other week basis for my work lunches, and I've got to say that it's great for everything that you'd expect from Chipotle's higher-end style and quality of fast food. The burritos are stuffed nicely and the staff was great to me.The only downside is that it gets really busy if you go during usual lunch and dinner peak times, so I end up not always having enough time to eat during the time allotted for my lunch. I can't always blame the restaurant for that though.In the end, if you're looking for some burritos or tacos quickly and made with good quality, this Chipotle should suit your needs.
2	Management at this location needs some work. I have been to this location multiple times now as I love Chipotle, but this location is not run well.
2	This Chipotle was amazing until this week.I have been twice this week and it has been unorganized and chaotic.Earlier in the week they were out of chicken and today the grill wasn't working.The guac has also changed and now tastes and looks store bought.Please get it back on track!
3	Oh, Chipotle.I want to really like you, maybe even love you, but I just can't bring myself to do it.Your rice is mushy, your seasonings are bland, and your meat, while plentiful, is watery. Your line cooks stare blankly at me and don't even ask me what I'd like to order. They seem to be tuned into some other-worldly radio program that only they can hear.I know that your commitment to ethical food production practices and fair treatment for food workers is so admirable and correct, and I love that about you. You even have unsweetened ice tea, and writings by my favorite author Toni Morrison on your drink cups. But Qdoba still has my heart.It just...tastes better.We can still hang out if no one else is available, k? :-)
3	I love Chipotle. Eat their all the time. However this specific one is always unorganized, out of items, and typically the staff just doesn't listen.
1	We refer to this as the "bad Chipotle" and go out of our way to visit the one on Old Sauk instead. I thought Chipotles were supposed to be standard but the preparation if the food here is sub par.
3	I've been to many Chipotles and this one skews more to the average. I prefer the one on State Street, closer to downtown. This University Ave Chipotle is a bit more cramped, though I usually see it not very full. This spot has a fair amount of bar-style seating, and has one of those large wooden cabinets with the banked speakers. Its location is not the easiest to access unless you're headed west on University, especially during rush hour.This location has run out of sofritas on me before, but when this happened at the other location, they gave out free lunch vouchers. I've seen this location out them out of other items for other customers when I've returned since. Anyway, look, I wish this location the best, especially since it's closest to me, and I hope they work out the kinks soon.
