3	This place is located in the location previously occupied by Samurai Sams.  It is typical Chinese take out/fast food.  It is fairly large for it's type of business as it seats over 80 in a combination of tables and booths.  There is a window bar seating area left over from Sams.  I am not sure exactly when they first opened but I spotted the grand opening signs when I stopped at GNC on Sunday.I had General Tso chicken ($7.50) and a glass of red wine ($3.75).  The plate of food was huge, I really should have made two meals of it but I already had lunch covered every day this week.  It, as did all the other orders I saw, came out fast.  It tasted like I expected.  I chose the egg fried rice and I like the fact they go easy on the soy sauce which makes it a bit lighter in color than some other places but it also has less salt.  As the name implies there are no vegetables in the rice.  The chicken was on a thin bed of onions and carrots with some broccoli and snow peas added.The service was excellent.  There were never more than 3 tables at a time occupied while I was there.  And 3 servers, one of which I think was an owner.  I think maybe out of boredom each of them checked twice to make sure I was fine.  The place is spotless and the decor pleasant in a combination of bright and muted colors.  Their choice of music that evening was KYOT (smooth jazz).Starting out in this economy in a large end cap unit in a relatively newer strip mall has got to be risky.  There is a smaller, but well established, Chinese take out in the mall across the street and well as 4 other fast food places on the same corner.  You can't see the unit from the street because it is hidden behind the Safeway gas station.  They have a few growing pains to get through also.  The only import beer I saw was Heineken, no Asian beer offerings.  Their "red" wine is a Beringer White Zinfandel.  While this is a safe wine to serve it should be labeled something else and maybe bring in something like a Barefoot Cellars Merlot in about the same price range as their red.  The website shown on their take out menu is not yet existent so I will not post it.And before I forget, they have a frequent diner card. :-)
3	Nice little place inside, people were pretty friendly. I liked that they had a stack of magazines available for you to read while you're waiting for take out.The food was okay, I ordered the teriyaki chicken bowl and the sesame chicken - not the best chinese I've ever had, but the price was really cheap which is always nice.
4	Delicious food, generous portions and friendly wait staff. This is a family favorite. We love to go and have their hot and sour soup which is very tasty or the wonton soup which is delicate and amazing. We usually get one of their combination plates, so there are several different entrees, plus appetizers for less than $10.00 per person.The food is tasty, the sauces well done and I can't say enough about the terrific staff.My family and I highly recommend it.
4	A pretty good neighborhood restaurant.  The staff was really friendly.  Their orange beef is a must get.  The price is reasonable and definitely would go back.
4	One of the better Chinese restaurants out west here.  Spoiled by East Coast Chinese food (where you can actually get duck sauce)  Restaurant is clean and owner & staff are very friendly & accommodating.  Love the Sesame Chicken & Orange chicken.Actually used them for my daughter's graduation party last year and they were great; lots of food at a great price.Check it out.
5	I love this place!  They have great customer service and the food is awesome!!  The Warsaw firsh is my favorite!!  Very generous portions always have a good leftover lunch the next day...or dinner the same day if I'm lucky enough to have it for lunch.  Highly recommended!
3	When you first walk in this place you'll notice how clean it is.  For me personally, that's a big deal.  I hate going into places that stink or look like they haven't cleaned in weeks.We sit down and the nice lady asked us what we would like to drink and since we knew what we wanted, we ordered our food.  This place was real busy for such a small establishment and I could tell she was stressed, but yet she remained cool.they have these great combo places that are your straight up Chinese food choices.  I opted for some lo mein and fried rice with chicken.  It came with an egg roll (not the best) and some crab puffs.  I really enjoyed the meal.My girlfriend got something that I dont remember... she offered be a bite of it and yeah... wasnt a fan at all.  I think it was the sauce.I would go here again.  It was close to home and pretty affordable.
5	Great service! Great food! And I've never been when I didn't have the place to myself. Best Chinese takeout I've had in phoenix.
4	If you are in the Glendale/northwest Phoenix area and are craving good Chinese food, this is the place to go. The restaurant is very clean and nicely appointed, and the staff is very friendly. A quick glance at the prices in the menu will immediately tell you that  your dining experience will be very easy on the wallet. The quality of the food is definitely above that of most of the Chinese restaurants in this area of the Valley. Since I'm often in this area, often hungry, and often craving good Chinese food and have a limited budget,  I believe I've found a new favorite dining spot.
5	Great food. Not over deep fried. Highly recommend.
4	I need to bump this up a star.  Having been here a few times now it really is above average for what it is.  The food is always good, never get crunchy rice.  The service is always quick and friendly.  They go their beer and wine thing sorted out a long time ago.  The only thing I would change now is: I happen to prefer sitting in a chair than a booth and the last few times I have been in they have all 8 of the tables set up in pairs to seat 8.  If one of those pairs was split in to 2 4tops then I would seat at a table rather than a booth.
4	I was very pleased with my first visit to Cafe China. The first thing you notice is that the restaurant is immaculately clean. The second thing you notice is how pleasing the staff are to you and thirdly the food is solid good.I tried the chicken coconut curry. The chicken was moist and had a good ratio of vegetables. They made it a perfect spice level for me. It was unlike any curry that I've tried at other Chinese Restaurants so it wasn't what I expected but it was good so that didn't matter. The curry here was more like a tasty light and thin Asian Brown sauce that was lightly curried and topped with some coconut. My husband tried the Black Pepper Chicken. Again nicely cooked moist chicken with a good ratio of vegetables and it tasted the way this dish normally taste.They use a combination of jalapeno peppers and chili flakes for heat in the dishes.I liked that you can order brown rice here and they are accommodating to people who like spicy!Cafe China is Good!
4	Best fried rice I've tried. My girlfriend ordered the shrimp fried rice and added jalapenos and XO sauce and it was delicious! Its not on the menu but you can ask for it. The beef chow fun was good too but a little plain.
4	Food is above average, ambiance is good, service is attentive, prices seem quite reasonable. Best wor wonton soup I've had in a long time. Excellent little neighborhood place - may they live long, and prosper!
3	This is a perfectly acceptable chinese restaurant. The food was quite tasty. The rice was not too sticky. The eggroll was not too greasy and quite good. The chicken was very tender. The egg flower soup was not the greatest. The restaurant looked clean and the service was very good and friendly. The food came very fast, kind of too fast. I will probably go again, but get the food to go instead of dine in. I don't think it was a great dine in experience, but the food was reasonably priced and good.
4	Good food all around but the best feature of this restaurant are their combination specials. For around eight bucks you get two entrees with hot and sour or egg drop soup, vegetable fried rice, an egg roll, two crab puffs and two fried shrimp.The owner, Monita, seemingly takes great pride in her restaurant and the quality of service she provides. The only thing that this place is missing is delivery service.
4	Good solid mass market  Chinese American food. Excellent value with the combos. Staff are great.   The food is above average for the price point, service certainly above it.It would be a solid 3 star place.Tried five dishes, two soups and had no complaints with 4/5 of them. The sweet and sour pork was just not to our tastes,seemed overcooked . Soups came out fast and entrees followed along at just the right interval. While it's 3.5 / 5 I've rounded it up to four because the sum really adds up to more than the total of it's parts.
5	Tried this place for the first time based on previous positive reviews, and I loved it! The restaurant was clean. I ordered to go. I had a lot of questions about the menu the lady didn't seem to get irritated and even helped me make a decision. Now I got the curry with chicken- spicy but soooooo tasty!!!! My boyfriend got a sweet and sour meal with chicken, pork and shrimp! Both of our meals came with fried rice which was cooked to perfection. I've forever been looking for a Chinese restaurant to frequent, and as of now I believe this will be it!!Highly recommend!
5	This place is so great. The staff was so friendly that I tipped almost 45%! The food was delicious and the combos are super big and plenty to take home to enjoy an hour later when you're hungry again. I have been there so often and I now recommend them as the place to go on the west side. Please stop in and sit if you can, you'll fall in love with the staff just like I did.
5	Delicious fresh and big portions what more could you ask for, everything we tried was great, Generals Tso chicken was crispy and not overly sauced, place was very clean and service was outstanding. We will be back to try more.
5	I had an appointment that was pushed back 45 min utes. I was famished and needed something filling and quick. I saw a Burger King, a couple of grocery stores, a Chipotle (I think), and this place. I beelined for Cafe China. Chinese food would fill my empty stomach tank just fine.I was seated right away and the server (maybe owner) was very kind. She got my order right after getting my drink. The soup came out in less than a minute, sesame chicken lunch special in about five. I chowed down on piping hot, seemingly fresh food. The sesame chicken had the same "base battered meat" as sweet and sour chicken, so I was a little disappointed in that. But the portions were perfect--enoguh to fill me up, not put me in a food coma like most Chinese food does. I was done eating within 20 minutes and made it back to the appointment with no problems. I hope to try this place again.
3	Very nice environment and clean!  Staff very friendly!  We had an order of crab puffs (very hot and okay tasting).  We also had sweet sour chicken and the seafood delight with brown sauce. My husband stated that the chicken was okay and I have to say mine was as well.  Not too much taste - the server did offer to make it spicy, but I said "no" - I'll give it a try.  It was a bit bland - veggies very fresh.  If we go back, I would try something different.  Lots of take away business though....
5	There's plenty of parking here. The place is very clean. Even the bathroom. That's one of the biggest things about a Chinese restaurant...I should know being Chinese and knowing many owners, investing, etc. I never give up a chance to try a new Chinese restaurant...though, some that I've been to I would think twice again about. This place, wasn't like that. The food is delicious and not greasy or packed with MSG like a million other places. The prices are cheap. Service is very good and fast. They don't have delivery but take out is available and like I said, it's fast. They do have alcohol but sadly, no full bar. I like drinking quite a few different cocktails and shots. I usually get the Singapore noodles. They're nicely fried and has been delicious every time I've gotten them. Crab puffs are good.I would definitely recommend this place and would come back without hesitation.
5	This place is absolutely incredible! Had the mongolian beef with white rice. The service was absolutely spot on as was the food. I recommend this to anyone anywhere. A must try!
4	Just ate here for the first time last night, and the food was great.  The sauces were a little thinner than what I'm used to with Chinese take-out, but WAY more flavorful.  It totally works.  Love it, will become part of our regular rotation.
3	It was ok. Not bad, not great. Had teryaki lunch combo with brown rice. Flavors were very light, needed more spices, more sauce.
2	Heard about this place through family ... we were hungary in the house so we ordered 1) seamen chicken = a breaded chicken that's pretty bland with a hint of sweetness2) mongollian beef =the worst I've ever had .. had a whole onion with little beef and literally tasted like I was chewing on a garlic clove 3) pork fried rice =pretty good I cant complain4) crab puffs = AGAIN worst I've ever had so plain and the cream cheese inside didn't have any flavor5) orange chicken = tasted like chicken no orange flavor ( better at panda that's sad ) Ill give it one more chance on other menu items but not impressed at all ... was cheap though ...
4	Found this place quite a few years ago I haven't been here in a while but its still very good. Hot and sour soup as great flavor and the Kung pow 2 was better than I expected!
4	Probably the best Chinese food I've had in a long time. We went to the restaurant and ordered to-go. While we were waiting, we let the babies (both 11 months old and just walking) walk around. The woman who had taken our order, though, brought us some water and saw the babies toddling around on the concrete floor. She warned us that if the babies hurt themselves, the restaurants insurance was not going to over it.... Ummmmmm ok? Other than that, it was pleasant. She offered to help us bring the food to the car since we had babies to carry. Oh and when she originally took our order, she couldn't figure out how to spell "cashew" so she wrote it in Chinese: LEGIT.
5	Felt like some Chinese food so I yelped Chinese food and this place popped up. I decided to give it a shot. I'm glad I did. This place is very good and different from any other Chinese restaurant I've ever been to. They offer you a selection of protein and a selection of sauces so I decided to have shrimp and pepper and tomatoes in dark sauce. It was excellent. It came with fried rice and I ordered a beverage and an egg roll all for under $13.00. Service was great too. I definitely will be returning to this place and recommend it too.
5	Really good food, very reasonable price, very good service, they are the best in this area Fo Sho.  I've tried the sesame chicken,  orange chicken  combo it was bomb.  Going for Mongolian beef and sweet and sour chicken tonight.  Take out is good ta go as well.
5	Great food. More traditional Chinese flavors. Great friendly staff. Love this place! Will definitely recommend and come back!
1	Never eating here again. Insects in food. Ordered sizzling rice soup. It had a strange burnt smell to it, the rice looked a little dark, so figured it was just a bit overcooked. Nope, it was the smell of burnt INSECTS. A couple minutes into the soup I found an insect wing floating amongst the rice. Fished it out and started examining closer, found another floating wing, then a bug body. Then another bug body with a wing still attached. Needless to say my stomach felt turned upside down after that. It took a lot of ice cream to get rid of the burned insect flavor in my mouth...   No no, Cafe China, never again.
5	My new go to chinese restaurant.  The ladies who greet me when I come in are warm and friendly.  The place is clean, and always have something to read if I have to wait for my order.  Their shrimp with lobster sauce is so good.  Yes, would definitely recommend.
2	Service was terribly slow, we waited at least ten minutes before asked what we wanted to drink, then asked for two teas and were brought one. Food was over cooked and chewy. I ordered the sweet and sour pork, which was subpar, my boyfriend got the beef fried rice which was not the best but okay.
5	Don't come here expecting Pei Wei or some kind of creative gourmet fusion. This is nothing more or less than the classical American Chinese food experience - what Chinese restaurants were when I was a kid. 4 stars for food but 5 stars for service with a smile and reasonable prices for lunch, dinner and happy hour. And 5 stars for the Ginger Broccoli Beef! Sad to hear others have negative experiences but I've been here about once a month for the last year and have found it consistently good.
