3	You know you've seen them on TV with America's Best Dance crew, and you knew it would be a matter of time before they came up with their own vegas show.  Well they joined up with Super Crew and created a vegas show called MUS.I.C, which is supposed to be what music would looke like if you could visualize it.It was a somewhat entertaing show.  The whole show lasted about 2 hrs of dancing.  The reason I say somewhat is that it's 2 hours of dancing.  It was cool for the first 30 minutes or so but after awhile it's very much the same stuff.The addition of Super Crew did add some break dancing to the routine but even then it was still only dancing.They did have good crowd interaction but a show like this can not last I guess that's why they are only showing it for a week at a time.
5	I throughly enjoyed the show from beginning to end.  If you've seen these guys on tv, you know they can dance; but it's one thing to watch it on tv and it's another thing to watch them live and to be able to feel the energy.   There was definitely more to the show than just 'dancing'.  I found the entire show very entertaining and I was surprised the 90 minutes was already up.  From the pre-show to the very end, it was a fantastic show and for about $50.00/ticket (look for the promo - discount of 20%), I definitely got my money's worth.  I would watch it again.  Too bad they didn't take off their masks though; you would think that they would at the end, but they did not.
5	If you love the Jabbawockeez then you will love MUS.I.C.  It's a 90-minute show filled with many of the routines the crew has performed on TV appearances, the NKOTB tour, and the show America's Best Dance Crew.  This is a group of truly talented hip hop dancers, and add the athletics of season 2 ABDC winners Super Cr3w (see if you can spot them in their Jabba masks and attire!) and you've got one spectacular show!If I could change one thing it would be for them to take it off!  Take it off!  Take it off!  Their masks, that is, at the end of the show when they're taking their bow.  Alas, I suppose performers in Vegas shows don't reveal themselves so as to keep their mystery and to not put the focus on any one performer.  Keep up the great job, guys, and thanks for putting on such an amazing show!  I wish you much continued success!Update May 2011:I've seen the show 3 times at the Monte Carlo since I first saw it at MGM and I still love it and never get tired of seeing it :)  It's changed up a little bit - a routine or two and videos added - so if you haven't seen it since MGM go see it at Monte Carlo!!I've also done the M&G package which, if you're a loyal supporter such as myself, is so worth it.  You get to spend some QT with the guys and get some cool souvenirs to take home with you.  My favorites: the MUS.I.C. shirt and soundtrack and Jabbawockeez sharpie!
5	My wife and I loved the show and we would watch it again if we had the funds to do so. We saw the ABDC tour at the Nokia theater in LA and this show was worlds better. If they have some tickets available, run and snag yourself some tickets!
5	I absolutely loved the show. It was entertaining in every aspect. I love that the show as a whole is very well thought out - from the pre-show entertainment all the way to the final piece. I was slightly worried that it would be purely dance routines, but I was pleasantly surprised that they combined dancing with comedy and story lines. They held my interest very well and had me laughing and ooh-ing and aah-ing the whole way through. Only the Jabbawockeez could pull off a show like this because of their charisma and talent. The whole show centered around integrating sound and movement and I thought they did a wonderful job of doing just that.
5	Amazing. I hopped on a plane to Vegas to see this show and it was better than I had anticipated! Whether you've never heard of them or you're their biggest fan, you will be highly entertained.
5	A+++++++++++!  Oh my GOODNESS this show is amazing.  My boyfriend and I have seen this show twice so far, and both times were equally enthralling.  I've loved the Jabbawockeez since ABDC, and I actually cried at the end of the show the first time we saw it.  The second time, we were with my boyfriend's family (four 30-something adults) none of which had even heard of the Jabbawockeez- and they LOVED the show.  It's entertaining the whole way through, no downtime at all.  They do a beautiful job of exciting different emotions through out the show.  It's genius, beautiful, and stimulating.  They do an excellent job of incorporating the audience as well, so I hope you're not shy!  We'll go back again for sure.
3	don't get me wrong, the guys are really good at what they do and i'm all for a show of hip hop so i'm super disappointed i can't give the show a higher rating because i was really excited for the show.. but for some reason.. It wasn't that great for me. the concept was good.. the dancers.. it felt like it was the millionth show they put on that day and we happened to catch them on a bad day.  as i was watching it was hard to feel it out.  i've seen routines so inspiring that it's hard not to move your body because you feel it in the dancer... so much so it's hard not to get out your seat.  this was not the case.  every show should be just as energetic as the first... but you could really tell they weren't feelin' it like they should. lastly, they could've at least showed their faces at the end.  i know the mask is to keep the attention to the dancing and not the dancer... but for  70 bucks a pop,  at least prove your not just anyone.  i mean, come on.  they could've put a mask on anyone and said it was the jabbawockeez.i'm sure the earlier shows got the best of them.. but at least my kids loved it.. and that's all that matters.
5	This is the most worth it non-big-production show that I've seen in Vegas...evaaar.  Yes, I know...it's just dancing, right?  Yes, you can probably see all their smooth moves on Youtube for free.  But what you don't get is to actually experience the energy in the atmosphere which makes it a totally different experience than just chilling in front of your computer watching it.  And no, it's not just dancing.  They borrow some elements from Cirque du Soleil and incorporate the audience into the show.  The Jabbawockeez and Super Crew (dressed as Jabbas) combo give you about two hours of some serious non-stop hustling action.  And unlike the Penn and Teller Theater were you need the hubble telescope to see that Teller did indeed pull a cigarette out of his ear...the theater size at MGM is intimate enough to make the cheap seats semi-decent.  But if you can spend the dough, then just upgrade to the better seats anyways...no worries because it'll be worth it.
5	I GOT A PICTURE WITH PHI! What is it!!!Seating: Front rowSooo good!! Super crew also joined themThe beginning was funny and very cute. Music selection was great and they were able to take all types of music from musicals to hiphop and make it one sound with movements!To be honest, I did watch the first season of ABDC, however I never really got into Jabbawockeez until recently. They put on a great show and it was worth flying all the way to Vegas to see them!!! I would do it again, but next time I would like to meet them and learn some dance moves from them!!
5	If you thought the Jabbawockeez were great in ABDC... they are 100 times better in their Las Vegas show MUS.I.C at the MGM Grand Hollywood Theatre. Directed by Nappytabs and joined by a few members of SuperCrew, this show will definitely not disappoint! Buy your ticket before it's too late!Check out the teaser video of the pre-show entertainment: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtwkGDxfyUQ
4	Awesome show.  I liked it more than Blue Man Group.  Got free tix through work and sat in the mezzanine section which were a decent location in the theater.  There isn't a bad seat in the house but you have a shot at getting brought up on stage if you sit in the first 4 rows stage left. The mixes of the music were fantastic.  I liked how they used mostly current music along with some gems like Dr. Octogon.  You could certainly see the show a couple of times and just focus on different dancers.  I really appreciated the little details of the choreography, the intricate moves much like a jazz musician.  I guess the one less star is the bit of downtime about 3/4's into the show.  Its pretty difficult to sustain a whole show just on dancing the entire time but they pretty much pulled it off.  The glow in the dark/ninja thing just floored me.
5	Great show!Let me start by saying that this was a spur of the moment selection.  My wife and I were sitting in Subway, overlooking the strip eating a quick dinner and we were trying to decide what to do for the night.  She wanted to go to one show...I wanted to go to another...typical.  Then I saw the sign in front of the Monte Carlo...JABBAWOCKEEZGrand OpeningI had heard the name before, but didn't know who they were (by name).  So I pulled up their website on my phone - and then we remembered them from ABDC.Grand opening and just a few hours before showtime?  Wonder if it will be sold out?  We got some of the last tickets available in the lower level.  Center...but almost the back row.  I wasn't too concerned since the venue only holds 1200 people.  The seats were great.  The "pre-show" involved one of the dancers dressed as a janitor interacting with a few members of the crowd.  Comical way to keep the crowd entertained as the last few people filed into their seats.  Once the show started it was almost non-stop action.  Occasionally they pulled an audience member into the action (I assume while the rest of the dancers were backstage catching their breath) and it provided some nice/comical/brief breaks in the show.I'm not much into "dance shows" (I like hip hop music) but I/we really enjoyed this show.  Definitely check it out if you have the chance!The music was censored (edited version/radio edit), so this is a "kid safe" show.  I know this can be a concern for some people since you never know what to expect in Vegas!
4	I got free tickets last minute to this show last night.  I knew of the Jabbawockeez but never saw ABDC.  I think I saw them on an episode of America's Next Top Model.    This show was sooo awesome.  Even my BF, who is not a fan of hip hop, had a great time.  All around, very entertaining.  I found the beginning audience interaction a little cheesy, but there is a lot more audience participation later in the show that really works.  The bad:  Some of the numbers were just okay and the show was a little long.The good: THE MUSIC!, the choreography, the staging, this show has a real party vibe.  The glow in the dark sequence and the "characters" sequence is great.  One word: Beyonce!  While it rips off Blue Man Group a lot, it takes Blue Man Group's schtick to a whole new level.  I liked this show so much better than Blue Man.
5	Lover since 2008.I've been obsessed with Jabba since I first laid eyes on them on ABDC.  They stole my hip hop heart and since then I refuse to give it up to another.  When I heard they were performing in Vegas I knew I HAD to go.  I saw them the first week they performed at MGM.  The show was AMAZING!!!! Totally loved the music and the choreo as usual.  Jabba and Super Crew did not disappoint in the least.  One skit or two were a bit on the slow side for my taste but everything else blew me out of the water.  I loved what they did with the props and lighting..really gave it a magical feel.  Lots of surprises and amazing stunts. And their last number was off the heezy!! Gigantic Jabba mask?? Oh yes please.  Jabba is amazing and so is the show!! A definite MUST WATCH if you love anything hip hop & anything Jabba!
4	Watching them "brought me back" to the days when I was in elementary, sneaking into the "garage parties" in the neighborhood and witnessing the "birth" of break dancing.  Only this show took it up hundreds of notches!!!  In the early 80's folks were obsessed with the dance and the b-boys were known from East to West coast.  Movies such as Beat Street, Crush Groove and The Last Dragon were released and a few dancers were able to actually earn some money on their craft. I'm so happy to see that  breaking still lives on and JBWKZ is able to share what they love AND earn a living by means of VEGAS.  I love how they connected the "janitor" (who mingled with the crowd pre-show) throughout the show.    There were moments in the show that needed a bit more "uumph" but those were great moments to QUICKLY run to the bathroom.   There are no breaks in this show, and the crews stamina just completely amazed me.  Music consisted of: Queen, Michael, Beyonce, Old Skool like "Freakazoid" etc..Loved the show...My only wish??? Remove your masks at the end!  We want to see who you are!
4	I watch the 1st season of ABDC and was a fan of the show and definitely a fan of the Jabbawockeez.  I wasn't sure what to expect when they had their own show.  I'm only used to seeing them performing a few minutes a week which kind of gave us that feeling of wanting to see more.  So now we get an hour and a half of them.  Since this is Las Vegas, they have to go above and beyond their performances on TV.  And for the most part they did.  The fight sequences with the Ninjas in the dark was awesome.  The throwback songs were a kick but some numbers were a little slow.  I was surprised to see more members in the crew but they'll reveal who they really are at the end.  Overall, it was a great performance.  They mixed a few comedy numbers in there and more than enough audience participation acts to keep the whole show interesting.
5	Perfect! I wanted to take my boyfriend to a show in Vegas as a surprise for our anniversary. We watched the Jabbawockeez on ABDC and have been fans ever since but the hype has obviously died down since then. I was afraid he would think the show was lame but after reading some of the other reviews I was convinced it would be worth it, and it was! He loved it and so did I. The show has no breaks. Its about an hour and a half of straight dancing to the point where you feel like youre in one of the Step Up movies or something. The audience participation was fun. I'll admit the story line was a bit confusing but I don't really care. The dancing was amazing and to my surprise the show was comical also! Its a mix of Jabbawockeez and SuperCr3w and it was just plain awesome. I left feeling happy and knew it was worth every penny, definitely a must-see! Although I do agree with other reviews that it wouldve been cool for them to remove their masks at the end or if there was some way to set up a meet and greet!P.S. Fan merch is pretty expensive. I dont know who would pay 35 dollars for the white mask that you could find at Price Busters for 5 bucks, but hey I guess if people are willing to dish out the dough, why not! Its Vegas after all.
5	Wow!! What an AMAZING show!! Dont miss it!!If you have watched ABDC, then you need to watch this. And by the way, its not just the Jabbawockeez here...4 members of the Super Crew Represent!! They did the most memorable routines from ABDC plus Super Crew did the Ninja routine. There is a number of good seats. I think the only bad seats are the one all the way off to the side by the wall.  Of course the seats in the lower middle were good and the balcony seats seem to be good also. The show about about 90 minutes and tickets range from 60-70.
5	Amazing. Breath taking.  Variety.  Funny.  Entertaining.  Intricate.  Lively.  Colorful.  Beautiful.  Inspiring.  Jabbawockeesz.There's a reason why they are the original and first ABDC champions.  Truly amazing. If you are a huge fan of ABDC, dancing, or entertainment this is perfect.Sat in the second level.  Saw everything.  Show brought back many memories.  So many references to ABDC which I really love.  It proves that they didn't forget how it started and that's classy.  Pre-show was funny but I wish there was more.  Music didn't really transition well during the pre-show but during the real show, it was spectacular.  Btw, if you're an avid ABDC watcher, there's dead give-aways of a certain Las Vegas crew/second season champs/ninjas.  Crazy!  I really REALLY wanted their merchandise but it was too damn expensive.  A $40 shirt I can understand but $32 for their mask?! I'm going to Wal Mart!Bottom line:  All those routines you saw on TV doesn't do justice to the performances they do live.  I've seen them before but now like this.  Highly recommended!  4.5 stars
5	Honestly, I wasn't expecting much. 90 minutes of dancing? But they've managed to keep it entertaining all the way through. With some comedy, cool set changes, and up beat sounds, there's something for everyone, even if you've never heard of them. We got the cheap seats and still got a great view. Saved a few buck from Tix-4-Tonight. They sold out by 2PM on the Saturday we were there. I recommend it, especially if you're tired of Cirque and don't want to pay $80+ for show tickets.
5	This show is great. The Jabbawockeez have just the right amount of irreverence, humor and absolutely fantastic dance moves. The group was able to mix so many genres of music and dance into one blow out show. Every moment of this show is mind-blowing. I was sad when it came to an end. Definitely worth the price of admission.
4	I sat in the front row, it was a little two close. I wish I was a couple of rows back to see everything easier. I was expecting just dancing but they added some humor and audience interaction. There were a couple of parts that felt like they dragged on but for the most part I was either laughing or in wow. The routine about Fighting Gravity was really funny.
5	Effin amazing if I have to say so myself! I was excited to find out that we got tickets to watch their show during Thanksgiving weekend. We had great seats in the third row, good view of everything! I was greatly entertained from beginning to end, especially when they pulled my boyfriend up on stage for one of their audience participation acts. I think it's cool that they do that for a way to involve the audience. Loved the dancing and the music! I'd definitely watch them again if I was in Vegas.
5	This show was awesome. From start to finish it was very entertaining. They put on a great show filled with good music, humor and just pure talent.  I don't think a single person didn't laugh in that audience. One of the Jabawockeez dancers was going around with a broom pretending he as a Janitor while messing with the crowd. Also showing people different dance moves like Micheal Jackson, flips, and trying to get with other peoples girls. LOL. Great show would go again so my little brother could see it.
3	I remember watching Jabbawockeez on ABCD and thinking to myself of how great this dance crew was.  Every week they would come out and put on a different show and still amaze the audience.  So as I was walking by the Monte Carlo casino, I was excited to see that they were performing live.The dance moves and the music were great, if that was all there was to it they would have received a full 5 stars.  But put into perspective that this is about 1.5 hours long, watching the same moves over and over again can get a little boring.What really killed it for me was the storyline.  I just felt that it didn't flow smoothly enough and in a way I still didn't know what the story was except for little excerpts here and there.  If i am paying big bucks to watch a live show,  I am expecting to be wowed and to be taken on a journey.  There were times when I saw the Jabbawockeez as interesting creatures, and was starting to relate to them, but most of the time I lost that connection and I think that is what made me lose interest a few times during the show.From looking around at the audience, I can see the show is catered towards a younger crowd - late teens to early twenties.
5	Loved this show!  I agree w/ some comments about the storyline....etc.  But think about it, this is a dance crew and they want it to cater to ALL age brackets.  I know Jabba from ABDC, it's what I wanted to see and it's what I got.  I can care less about the storyline, I want to see some tight dancing.  Loved the light show and this crew is smooth and on point from beginning to finish.  Also, most shows in Vegas are redundant moves, look at Cirque du Soleil, they own like 90% of the top shows in Vegas, and what do you see?  It's all freaking acrobats!!   Loved the music in the show and pretty much loved everything about them..sick!!!!!!!
5	i just got back from the show 2 hours ago! and i needed to write a review right away! maybe a couple tips or two  as well ;] ill try not to spoil anything; but any girl tryna get some action from the jabbaboys should sit in the main floor; towards the very center, in the very front. that lil area; almost everyone got picked to do something fun with the jabbas. dont come late! it ruins the show for other people who are tryna see a routine, while you're blocking their way tryna get to your chair. they'll surprise you over and over and over again making you say WOAHHi thought whoever put their minds into this production is an absolute genius!!! ** BRING YOUR CAMERAS; ITS OKAY ! " theres a lil gallery right when you walk into the entrance; its okay to film and take pictures until one of the jabbas has this moment where he says that from the point on, no more pics/film is allowed.so i was pretty satisfied.. then an hour later,rynan, phil tayag, and that black dude, and the filipino dude with the long hair passed by me like.. they were literally 3 feet away. i was soo shocked and wanted to like.. i guess. treasure every moment of it. i froze and just stared at them. cuz after the performance everyone becomes a WAYYY BIGGER FAN than they originally were. they reserved a whole entire lounge after the show for their group to do.. toasts & cheers for a happy new year and all the success that they have had i guess.. ; i saw through the glass window when i left the casino and saw all of them lifting up their glasses so thats what i assume . the surprising thing was; when they were passing the casino, no one even followed them or anything.. so i didnt want to start a scene; yah know?  the ending is the most WOAHHH everyone stood up  when they took off their masks. my lil bro came with me to watch this; now he's inspired to dance too! this show is not only dancing; theres AMAZING backgrounds/settings/props. it look like it took forever to piece together; hope this helps; come early and dont be lame and stand at the end of the line; i jsut went into the front; cuz everyone kinda like just shoves to get in anyways; i didnt have to wait LOL HOPE THIS HELPS;main floor seating is SOOOOOO worth the extra $$ dont hesitate youll regret it when you're there!
5	I wasn't a fan of ABDC, mostly because I'm Asian and I can't dance for ish, like most Asians are supposed to.  But the s/o is a total fan, watched ABDC religiously, which is how I knew of the Jabbawockeez as I'd have to walk into the living room every time I'd hear the s/o go, "Oooooooh ish!!!"  So, while we were in Vegas last week, we saw that they had a show going on and we scored some tix.  I was pretty stoked, not just because we got front row tix but, we would get to see these guys perform live, not to mention, it'll be the only Vegas show in my lifetime where I'd get to watch a bunch of guys gyrating their hips and shaking their money makers, with girls (and guys) screaming their heads off.While waiting for the show to start, one of the Jabbawockeez, who I later found out was Kid Rainen, came out and did a mini pre-show.  When he was right in front of me, I was going along with it and figured I'd put my hand up to give him a high five and he high fived me back.  It was like, OMG, I just touched a celebrity kind of thing and got hella giddy!The show overall was awesome!!!  I seriously wish I could move like these boys could.  There were a couple delays in between routines, where only one guy would come out and do something or there'd be some sort of animation going on but, that's understandable, I mean, they're wearing masks and pretty heavy costumes, I'm sure they need a short break to breathe and to wipe off all that sweat!If I had to make a suggestion, I couldn't follow the "Mus.i.c." storyline, if there even was one.  I'd say the need to change it to "Mag.i.c." cuz with their movies, it's freakin magic to me!!!
5	I loved the show!  Our party of 5 sat in the mid section and paid approx. $60 per tix.  The theater is small so I think any seat is good.  I give them 5 stars because it was a great performance from begining to the end.  Very entertaining, energetic and funny.  Highly recommend seeing them if you're in Vegas.  I wish I could have had a picture w/ them... :(
4	Great show!  Totally unique, fun, high energy.  I bought the tickets as a present and was really pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed it.  Show up early.  There is a bit of an unpromoted "preshow" that is worth being there for.I recommend searching Monte Carlo and Players Club sites for group rate tickets to save some money.  I paid about half for much closer seats.
5	disclaimer: I'm female and a sucker for asian guys that have some swag and can dance. you've been warned. lol. OMG this show was so good! I didn't hear about the jabbawokeez until ABDC and i've been a fan ever since. i love their creativity, imagination and of course their TALENT. They dance with a lot of heart and you can see it. The show focuses around sound and what you make of it. Music ranges from old school 80s beats, 90s tracks, slow jams, rock.... it speaks to a variety of generations. The lighting is amazing and you definitely cant find these routines anywhere else. THEY MAKE ME SO GIDDY! the love section of their performance had me soooooooooooooooooooo giddy. i swear me and my girlfriend were smiling, blushing, wishing, hoping.... hahahaha. DAMN BOYS. i would have hopped on you so fast if you pulled me on stage!!!!! *drool* you HAVE to see this show while you're in vegas. BTW don't sit on the edges.. i dont think the view is great from there since they have big old speakers on the sides.
5	If you follow dance shows on TV, then you probably know who the Jabbawockeez is. Whether you do or not, but you love dance and music, you should definitely check this show out. If you might not want to because you think the Jabbawockeez is just about  hip hop, don't let that stop you. First and foremost, the Jabbawockeez is an amazing and versatile dance crew. And they prove it in this show. The soundtrack bridged across many different genres, including their interpretation of Bohemian Rhapsody and their take on Singing in the Rain. You'll also get your fair share of mixed dance music. I kept thinking how awesome it'd be if you could hear this music at a club instead of the repetitive bass beats and club versions of radio music.All in all, a great dance show that'll give you goosebumps because of how good they are. Definitely worth seeing it again the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Worth the money! The earlier you buy from Ticketmaster, the more you save. That's where I got my tickets for $80 total for two.At first, I was skeptical about this show since it's been recently around compared to other shows that has been around for awhile. It was affordable, so we gave it a try. We can't say we're Jabbawockeez fan to begin with, since we didn't really watch America's Best Dance Crew much, but we were familiar of who and what the Jabbawockeez are. If you're not familiar of the Jabbawockeez, now it's the time to give them a chance at the Monte Carlo. Their show runs about an hour and a half, but it sure went by fast with amazing dance moves ranging from a variety of songs from different music genres. The Jabbawockeez does try to get the audience to be engaged, so don't be surprised if they invite you to the stage because it's memorable and worthwhile. Photographers will take pictures for those that has been randomly chosen to be on stage, so buy it for just $20! Unfortunately, you cannot take pictures or record their performance upon their request before the show started.
5	I previously saw the mus.i.c show at the MGM Grand and wasn't sure if there was going to be a big difference compared to the show at Monte Carlo.  But since I enjoyed the show so much the last time, I decided to go watch it again.  If you get tickets early, you can probably find some discount through the Monte Carlo website, I got my tickets for 30% off.  I definitely recommend sitting in the main floor close to the center aisle so that you get a full view of everything that's going on.  The show is a bit different from the show at the MGM, the production value is higher so the costumes and the set got an upgrade.  If you've seen the show at the MGM, the story line is about the same but they added some new routines and the best part, they took off their masks at the end =), not sure if they are doing that at the end if every show or what but they didn't do that before.  The Monte Carlo theatre is bigger and the seats are like the movie theater seats (all individual).  At the Hollywood theatre at the MGM, some seats were in a booth and they packed 6 people into one tiny booth and it was a uncomfortable but the Hollywood theatre was smaller so it felt more intimate there.  But definitely check this show out =), the tickets are very reasonable for a Vegas show, they even have meet and greet passes but no discount for those =(.
5	Jabbawockeez joins forces with Super Crew (who were throwin' up that tell-tale 'S' with their hands) in an explosive, high energy show. I wasn't an avid watcher of ABDC (unlike the screaming fans behind us) but I'd seen it enough times to know I was in for an evening of breaking, poppin' & lockin.' The show turned out to be so much more; audience participation that was really funny (& sometimes quite sexy), a storyline about what a janitor dreams is possible & a diverse soundtrack for the masked dancers to showcase their talent to. There is a glow-in-the-dark sequence that is especially memorable; a skit that pays homage to ninjas & martial artists from another era. The dancers put their spin on everyone from NKOTB to queen to beyonce (hilarious!)The show actually starts when you are in line to enter the Monte Carlo theater, so get there a little early. We got tickets at the tix4tonight booth--about $49 a person, 3rd row. If you are tired of paying Cirque prices & want to see a show that's more upbeat, Mus.i.c is a fantastic alternative. Hell yea, five stars for an entertaining evening! Show is about 2 hours without intermission.
5	Loved it! Interactive show that gets the crowd involved. Sign up for the Monte Carlo (MGM Resorts) M Life Player's card and get a significant discount when you buy at the box office. Back to the show, these guys are pouring their hearts into the performance. You can tell that even though they are doing the show over and over they bring energy. They are huffing and puffing at the end of each segment.If you love ABDC, you will love this show. For me, it was the Michael Jackson PYT performance.
4	These guys are pretty entertaining.  I saw them on ABDC and they were great.  Their show is just as spectacular.  My lady friend got really excited. Really, really!  So I definitely would go see this again.  If you're a hip-hop dance fanatic, go here.  It's Awesome!
4	LOVE THIS SHOW! I was kind of concerned that I would get bored, I mean, really, how much dancing can you watch before you get bored. But I have to tell you, this show was awesome. I could not even believe that an hour and a half had passed when the show was over.The music was awesome and the dancing was amazing. The guys can move! SO TALENTED! I loved how much time they spent actively participating and engaging with the audience. They really where a funny bunch.PLUS - the music was awesome. Everything from MC Hammer to MJ. I may or may not have been wiggling in my seat the entire time. Overall a very good show and worth  going to. Jabbawockeez can Jabba"rockme" anytime!
3	I loved watching Jabbawockeez perform on that show where they won, so I was super excited when I had the opportunity to go see them.As a child of the pioneer hip hop era I always love to see how the dance has evolved over the last 30 years and found that these guys are extremely entertaining and diligent with their technique.The only recommendation I could make, is that they diversity their show a bit.  At times it's a little slow, and maybe too much of a good thing.  The show would be better served if it was mixed with some other entertainers or even dance crews.  The music selection is fantastic and had me bopping in my chair, but the performance became tedious at one point.  If it were mixed up a bit, I feel they'd have a true hit on their hands, and would broaden their appeal to a larger demographic.
5	We caught the Jabbawockeez MUS.I.C show at the Monte Carlo and it was great. From start to finish these guys perform some amazing dance moves and keep your attention for the entire show.The music that goes along with the show is great also. Hip-hop, RnB, pop, make most of the show. They pull people from the audience up on to stage at different parts of the show. The theater is smaller, maybe a few hundred so there isn't really a bad seat in the house.We paid about 95.00 for 2 adult tickets. The tickets are about 75 each but we got a discount for staying at a MGM owned hotel.  If you buy your tickets outside the Monte Carlo at the booth make sure you tell him you are staying at a MGM property to save some cash.If you don't want to spend a ton of money on a great show, go see it! You won't regret it
5	Incredible Show! It was better than any other show we saw during our 5 day stay. I was expecting some cool dance moves to some hip hop or techno and not much else. What we got was a very comedic and artistic show. Each dance had a story line, they got the crowd involved, and were actually very funny and entertaining. I would recommend this to just about anyone. Go See the Jabbawockeez!
5	This show is a definite must-see when you're in Vegas.  It's way better than some of the Cirque shows in Vegas, which can put a big dent in your wallet.  This show is really worth it for the money!!  The music, choreography, and the whole production was very well put together and suited the Jabbawockeez really well!!
5	I was a B-Boy and this was probably the most inspiring show I've ever seen. Unbelievable choreography, personalities, and acrobatics I've seen from a group. I've seen this show twice and seem to be impressed both times.THe only question I have is...is this the original crew or are these hired help? Since they wear masks we may never know.
5	Okay dude, seriously? This show is OFF THE HOOK! Though I may be biased too, since I'm totally in love with my Jabbahoteez. LOL No really though, if you're in town and you want to see a good show, check them out! I loved everything about MUS.I.C.. While waiting for the show to start, they had someone from the group do a whole lot of audience participation which was cool. What made it even better for me, was my husband and I got picked to go up too! The stage settings and backdrops looked incredible, the soundtrack was a hit and the dancers really know how to DANCE.  The whole show was entertaining, funny, catchy, and plain and simple---They just blew us away. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! Too bad we didn't take our daughter because she was begging to come with us. Maybe next time!
4	Great show and got 1/2 off tickets...lucky!!  I would still pay full-price because they are fun to watch.My favorite was the kung-fu scene - I won't say anymore, so you should go check it out.  Yes, there are some slow times, but they make it up with tricks, humor, and dancing.
4	Now that was a show!  Was I a fan of the Jabbawockeez during their quick rise to fame on the show ABDC?No.  I cannot get into that show, so don't think it's a necessity to enjoy this show.Am I a big hip hop fan?Yes, but still...not a necessity.Do I like getting my money's worth?Hell yes!  That's what this show is.  SO worth it!  Entertaining from top to bottom.  The music selection was varied, and to my surprise, was much more than just hip hop.  The Jabbawockeez are true performers and masters of their craft in that they can dance to just about anything, and dance they did.
4	If you're a fan of the show ADBC & Jabbawockeez, you wont be disappointed. I was skeptical that they would be able to keep me entertained for 2 hours, but they did. They keep the show very entertain with a lot of audience participation. I would warn those that do not enjoy loud music. I was sitting behind an elderly couple and they had their ears covered with their hands the whole time. The bass might have effected their hearing aids. Kinda felt bad for them.
1	I was sorely disappointed with the performance. After watching them on ABDC for so long, I expected a lot more. So many of their skits and moves are just rehashes of what everyone did back in the 90s. I suppose the show was tailored towards an audience that had absolutely no previous knowledge of breaking / popping etc. Like other people said, it got repetitive and boring. There was NO originality. IF I COULD GIVE 0 STARS I WOULD. I'm asking for my money back. I was not pleased at all. I really wanted to like the performance. I'm giving the rating other people talked about, but were too scared to give. Some people call it bashing, others call it hating...I call it keeping it real...
5	If you go see any show in Vegas, this has to be it, it keeps you entertained from the start till the end. I love any show that has a lot of dancing and great beats and this is it... I wouldn't mind seeing it again and again, and again ;-)We sat 8 rows from the stage so that was an even bigger plus, only thing that was annoying was a female in the row in front of me kept taking video of the show, so I could see her screen (which you're not suppose too) ...A little note, if you have sensitive ears, take plugs, and I wouldn't recommended it for little kids under the age of ten, it's super loud once the show get started....Best birthday gift so far ;-)
3	We were very excited to see them.  But alas it was ok.   As a competition team there were amazing.  But I'm sure they've found it difficult to transform a 10 minute routine into a hour long show.  But over all its entertaining.We had majorly annoying people sitting behind us talking loudly away behind us and my husband had to turn around and tell them to shut up.
4	I had low expectations when I bought tickets to the Jabbawockeez, but after being given an option between this and Cris Angel's crappy show, I gladly forked over the cash for this one, and prayed for the best. I'm almost a decade older than my brother, and I have to stay that we both thoroughly enjoyed the show. There is alot of interaction with their viewers from the very beginning. The show may not have an elaborate stage, but the creativity and effort of the Jabbawockeez more than made up for it. I  have the attention span of a golden retriever and become antsy within ten minutes of sitting down for any show that lasts more than an hour, but during this show's run, I didn't even reach for my phone once.  Great Vegas show.
5	AWESOME SHOW!!! This show was well worth the money! I would see them again. Very funny, creative and interactive with the crowd. They truly know their art as well as teach others the beauty of music and dance!!!Love them...hope they take it to the road!!! COME TO AUSTIN!!!
2	It was a fun show with good music & some good moves. Unfortunately there was a handful of annoying idiots seating behind us yelling stupid stuff. This one kid would wait until it got quiet & yell "there it isssss!".  What is there, u idiot?  Then there was this one dumb girl who kept yelling "let's go, Pookie!!!".  I am positive that these kids knew some folks in the dance crew, but seriously, Pookie, whoever you are, tell your stupid & annoying friends to pipe down when they come to see you, because they ruined a whole lot of people's experience that day.   Many people shushed them to no avail.  Terrible that a handful of kids damaged a good show... I really wish the management did something about them... like kicking them out, but didn't, hence 2 stars overall.
5	My wife and I were in Vegas during spring break in March 2011.  This was the first show we saw on the first evening after we arrived.  I had heard of this group and seen them briefly on YouTube, but when we saw them perform at the Monte Carlo, I WAS BLOWN A-WAY!  I was just amazed from the beginning of the Jabbawockeez all the way to the end at how talented this group was, how engaging their performance was.  It was one of the most artsy dance crew performances I have ever seen,  They were athletic, sometimes funny, their choreography in sync, their music a mix of old school to New Jack Swing to modern mainstream, they took this entire audience to another level of music and rhythm awareness I know I've never been before.  At the same time they are an enigma and I get why they wear those masks so that their performances are recognized as a group of people rather than the talents of of one individual.  I like that even after the show they still had this air of mystery about them.  I think their show was worth whatever we paid to see them,  which wasn't an arm and leg.  There was nothing bad I can say or anything lackluster about this show and its execution, very fitting for one's first show-seeing night in Vegas.  If you are ever in Vegas and you're a show-seeing kind of people, put the Jabbawockeez at the top of your list of shows to see.  You won't regret it, they'll keep you on the edge of your seat and the music and rhythms you'll hear will pulsate in your mind as you then venture out onto the strip to do the things you'll do in Vegas and that will stay in Vegas!
2	I have NO idea why people are raving about this. I was a fan of them on the ABDC, but as a Vegas show they completely FAIL. The only good thing about the show was the music and when they did the first few moves from "Single Ladies" - that cracked me up. Otherwise...  the attempted "plot" was lame and made no sense (what's with the dead janitor please?) The dancers were out of sync. The costumes were boring. And the masks completely detracted from any personal connection to any dancer. So my rec is: if you score free tickets, watch it, but don't pay for it!
5	I have seen A LOT of shows in Vegas.  If you are looking for some big, over-the-top production spectacle, this isn't really it.  If you are looking for some amazing talent and a fun time, this is your show.  With that said, I loved it for so many reasons.  I did watch ABDC and enjoy that show, I also enjoy hip hop music and dance in general.  However, my Mom who was not familiar with them nor the show also loved it.  It moves fast and keeps you entertained.  The 'plot' is a little convoluted but I wasn't there to see a story, I was there to see some booty shakin' and I got plenty of it.  As others mentioned, it is LOUD so if you are sensitive or have younger kids with you I'd bring earplugs.  We sat in the second row and it was very loud.  Also had some annoying drunk girls in front of us taking a million pictures and one of the performers actually gestured to them to stop several times (they thought he was waving or something and were like 'YEAH WOO HOOOOOO' um, no dumbass he is telling you to cut it the eff out).  They finally got yelled at by an usher.I would recommend this show to anyone except maybe elderly people who might hate hip hop or be disturbed by the loud funk in their ears.  You should go see this.... that is all.
5	Jabbawockeez... they know how to tear up the stage with some sick dance routines as well as keep you entertained.  I saw this show once when they headlined at the MGM Grand and once at the Monte Carlo.  I think the show got better when they changed the venue.  The show is a little shorter, but I think the changes they made improved the overall quality of their show.Pre-show: One of the crew members entertained the audience for a bit. Pretty hilarious! Good audience involvement.Music: The music was awesome and it incorporated many different types of music. Not just hip-hop. Dance: Great choreography. Freestyling sections are soo sick! Comical at times. Overall: A very entertaining show that's much more than choreographed dance.
5	Jabbawockeez.....Blow me! Uh I mean, blow you? Errr I meant.. YOU BLEW ME AWAY!!!Wasn't expecting a comedy show along with all their dancing! It was the highlight of my Vegas vacation! They were entertaining from beginning to end. It was so funny when they pulled people up on the stage, I only wished I had the chance to touch...their hand ;) hehe..(was begging them to PICK ME PICK ME!) I have the biggest little girl crush on them right now. I absolutely loved how they gave tribute to each ABDC winners! look out for that routine. I wish they did more of the dances from when they were on the show. They did a little skit here and there, but still the best dance show ever!BTW, sign up for the M rewards card and get 35% off tickets!!! Next time I'm in Vegas I would pay to come back! Mus.I.C is so the business!
5	Jabbawockeez.....Always and I mean always blow me away! Me and my girlfriend first saw them perform at the MGM Grand hotel, and even that was stunning! Being the second time seeing them, this time at the Monte Carlo hotel, I loved that it is pretty much their set now. You grab your tickets through will call or purchase them at the door, we of course got will call because its just much easier. You walk into a big room filled with this awesome colorful jabbawockee wall paper, with the white masks being the highlight of the wall paper. Take a picture before you get seated. There is also a  full service bar inside the area, which is usually filled with a lot of people ordering their drinks before the show. Inside the theater, it is huge! Going from section 1 which is right infront of the stage and is where we sat, section 2 is behind section 1 below the terrace. And then there is terrace seating, I can tell just by looking around that each seat you will always get a good visual, just depends how close you are really. The show itself, what can I say...its the Jabbawockeez, they know how to rock the crowd by their amazing dancing skills and the way they perform. I loved that they made everything into the story, and being a huge fan I have watched a lot of their dances on Youtube, as well as supporting them by buying their cd's. So hearing the songs that I know and watching them dance to it, was just seriously outta this world.My girlfriend and I really enjoyed the show, and seriously if I was rich, I would watch this show anytime I come to Vegas! If you haven't watched it yet, I highly recommend you watch it, and buy tickets early because they sell out really fast! I do love that probably 20 minutes before the show starts, one of the crew members entertains the audience, picking random people to dance, ahh it is funny!Im will gladly appreciate anyone that is going to see them, to buy an extra ticket....for me =) Thanks!- Ssp
5	What's not to love about the jabbawockeez!!!  This was definetly the best show I've seen in Vegas to date!  They definetly know how to entertain the crowd and like other reviewers mentioned, I didn't realize it was part comedy show either!  I think the fact that they don't talk and have those masks on play perfectly with a comedy show.  Everything is about body language.  Just be warned, if you're shy, try to stay away from the aisle or center seats in the front (mostly on the left side, facing the stage)...you will have a very good chance of being picked up and 'volunteered' as part of their audience participation moments.  All their volunteers that they had come up were all really good sports which just made things a lot funnier...some were so good that my friend and I were wondering if they were plants!  (But I saw them afterwards, trying to purchase pics of themselves of their time onstage so i'm pretty sure they're just fans like us)Great show, great entertainment, great music, and of course great dancing!  Loved that they showed their faces at the end....although we were all curious why only one kept his mask on.  hrm...
5	I didn't expect to have SO MUCH FUN!  I normally dislike anything that is heavy in dancing (Viva Elvis, for example) but Jabbawockeez MUS.I.C was fantastic!  It is full of culturally relevant music and pop-culture references that may go over the head of anyone over 40 (Guitar Hero), but that is all part of the charm of the show.  Not only is it entertaining, but it offers a message of what it means to be a man in today's society who enjoys breakdancing, pop-locking and whatever else they call their dance moves.This show is a high-energy, dance-centric, acrobatic, hilarious, non-stop play on the imagination and I would recommend it for anyone!
5	These guys are FN amazing. I seriously cannot explain in words what is so good about them but they just have "it". Their show was the  best show I have been to. Just an amazing performance from the music to the dancing to the choreography to incorporating the audience.Will Def. go back when I go back to VegasTrust me. Go here. Best show ever!
5	We caught the MUS.I.C. show after purchasing tickets at the half price stand across the street day-of. This show did exceed my expectations... the show was entertaining and the dancing was as always off the hook. The insights that were shared and the way the show was presented left you knowing the dancers a little more. I love that they dance as a group, and that they want to be known as group of individuals who work together to create the magic that they do. The only down side was that there was a few people in front of us who were obnoxious. I am all about having fun at a show, but when you're singing really loudly and waving your arms around 24/7 blocking everyone's view, it just annoys the people around you. They didn't come here to see YOU dance, friends. Anyways, even with that slight annoyance, the show and MUSIC were fabulous.
5	i really didn't know what to expect. I went from Row F and I got bumped to Row C... and my friend was soooo lucky and she got to go on stage twice! once before the show and once during the show. :)tip: you have to look like you don't wanna go on stage to get picked! look as cool and as composed as possible! :) I was blown away by the dancing. They danced for 1.5 hours straight. It was one continuous show. (:NOTE: doors open 30 minutes before the show... so go in early and grab a seat! one of the crew members walks around and selects people from the audience to dance and be silly!
5	A M A Z I N G SHOW!!! Wow. Speechless.A must see if you go to Vegas. Loved it! Great priced tickets. We were in the 2nd row in the front. It blew me away. seriously. GO SEE THIS SHOW! haha.
5	This show was worth every penny.   It was 90 minutes of pure entertainment.  They were hilarious, they kept the pace going for the entire time, and they keep you engaged for the whole show.   What impressed me most about the show is how fast of a pace they'll maintain.  They'll jump and sprint across the stage, but they'll do it without missing a beat and they'll move in compete unison.  What they can pull off is real magic.What's even more impressive to me is that it's evident that this show is not just a show to them.  They're passionate about their performances and it's evident that they genuinely believe that dance is a natural extension of music.  Their movements unlock depth to the songs that they dance to.   Regardless of whether it's Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen, Apologize by One Republic, "Singin' in the Rain" or Single Ladies by Beyonce,  you see that they feel the music and that's infectious enough to cause you to pop your chest, raise your fist, and cheer.  What they pull off is inspiring to me...even though I am the type of person that trips up while doing a two step.This show is definitely worth checking out and I'd love to see it again.  They have something for everyone.  If you like music, then you'll love the way the Jabbawockees use movement to "tell the story" behind some of your favorite songs.
5	I can't believe I have forgotten to review this!! I actually saw this when it was at MGM Grand and it was in "Pilot" stage. Just a great value and visually amazing. I can't wait to see it at its permanent location at Monte Carlo where I know they have added to the show. But, anyways the show features the amazing Jabbawockeez dance troupe that was on ABDC. This mask wearing team wears masks so, you can't pick apart members and create favorites, instead you enjoy the group as a team. The show is an interpretation of music visually but also a history as well. It is also about half the price of most strip shows so it is worth it!
5	tang!na dats goooood!!!
5	LOVED THIS SHOW! this show is definitely a show you need to see if you're ever in vegas. its worth every penny, i promise you! i recently saw it and it was one of the best shows ive EVER seen :)the tickets were a great price! this show just blew me away.
5	Being a hip hop head I'm already gonna be biased and your opinion can get pretty skewed even when you got in for free. But either way, when you get a good handful of the freshest b-boys in the world combined with the elements of a Cirque show, complete with action, suspense and some tongue in cheek humor and comedic romance (?), you have yourself a damn good entertaining night. Sure some of the production values could use some work particularly a few of their props and the slightly corny outdated CGI used in the show but make no bones about it you won't find strings or "magic" wires lending a helping hand here. Just pure, raw, physical talent from some of the worlds illest dancers out there. The creation of this show at the mainstream casino Monte Carlo just sort of exemplifies the seemingly ubiquitous b-boy scene out here that only rivals that of NY SF and LA.. But any of the aforementioned towns don't have a show that comes close to what these cats are doing ON THE DAILY BASIS. Respect to the homie and San Jose native, DJ Cutso of the Bangers Crew who worked on a fairly good chunk of the musical production of the show.. Haha like I said could I be anymore bias with this review?Okay one minor quip then -- I think an interesting addition to the show would maybe be sexy b-girl, female addition to the group.. Does anyone have Asia-1's number?A guy can still dream can't he?
5	LOVED LOVED LOVED this show! Being the first winner on ABDC and me being a BIG break-dancing fan, I was expecting a lot from the Jabbawockeez and they totally blew me away with their show! The show was funny, entertaining, and they will leave you speechless! The music and the dancing worked well together and I love how they got the audience to participate in a few numbers too. Totally must see show if you're in LV. Oh yea, try to sit in the frist 3 rows b/c that's where the best seats are and you're likely be pick! =]
5	Very entertaining. These guys can dance their asses off! The theatrics, lighting and music were amazing as well. I do suggest that you sit either in the middle or further back. This is a show that you will enjoy more, FURTHER from the stage.
5	They INTERPRETATE the music so well!!! (Holla at ABDC season 1 fans!)It was very difficult keeping the show tickets a secret from my dude- a huge Jabba fan. Bought them about a month in advance, we got 3rd row seats for about $70.00 each. Pricey indeed, but it was so worth it to see them live, so close and their 1.5 hour show was packed to the brim with Jabba-ness. When i could finally reveal the big surprise of the tickets, we were full of giddy smiles the entire time. From the very entertaining preshow until the end, we were fully ENTERTAINED!!!! Actually reading some of the things in the negative reviews made me sad and little butt-hurt that they were not ENTERTAINED! These are no skinny lizards- but some of the baddest mofos i've ever seen dance. I didn't give a f*ck if some of the story was a little odd or didn't really make sense to me the whole time. I was just happy to see them recreate some of their ABDC performances as well as a whole slew of new routines. ABDC fans will recognize special guest appearances by SuperCr3W members, which was awesome. I loved the playfulness of the glow in the dark sequence, the oldskool segment and the Single Ladies ofcourse. I especially liked the KB solos and it was fun spotting the individuals behind their masks, like Phil's booty shaking and Rynan's impressive headspins. A MUST SEE for TRUE Jabbawockeez fans!!!Great show for hip hop music/dance fans.Hit or miss for those unfamiliar.Get seats in the front or center aisle and you may get picked for audience participation!
5	Such a great show! If you're a fan of ABDC, you should definitely watch the Jabbawockeez. It's perfect for all ages and all types of people--my brother, who isn't a huge dance fan, really enjoyed the show. These guys are great dancers, they're funny, and are soooo talented. GO SEE THEM!
5	must watch! very entertaining and try to get the center seats or the best possible because this show has a lot of action and dance. also, the music is  definitely fun! it makes you want to get up and dance... they totally show the true spirit of dancing. overall, great show!~also, go early! there is a pre-show... i think this show makes you go through a ride of emotions: funny, happy, sad and truly inspiring!
5	I took my wife to see this show for her birthday. We sat about 5 rows up and I will stand by this review, 100%. The show was terrific! I thought it was just going to be a dance concert and nothing really new. Nothing that I haven't seen on TV. However, the show was very well put together and it really lets you know The Jabbawockeez style of dance and music.  You really appreciate there vision of dance after you watch this show!  But the real head turner was how funny the show is. they are well beyond just dancers, these guys are straight up entertainers! I highly recommend this show and the prices are not to bad.  I believe tickets start at $45.
5	This was non-stop entertainment from the pre-show till the end.  The dance routines are insane.  Jabbawockeez are incredibly talented. I was a fan from their ABDC days but now they have taken it to a whole new level.  Also, the show covers all genre of music, not just hip hop as some people may assume.  The dance routines covered Frank Sinatra, Michael Jackson,  rock etc...They incorporated a story line with a bit of drama and even comedy into the whole show.   Overall, it was amazing and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys music and dance.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVED THE SHOW! Does anyone know during the section of the performance with the slow jams what songs they used? I know 2 of the songs were Baby Come Back and Lets get it on....what were the others???
5	I enjoy dancing, therefore watching a show with dancing is gonna be good for me. This one...exceeded my expectations. I was pretty much dancing in my seat! They danced so well...and added great comedy, it was an awesome experience. Thanks for the laughs!
5	sat front rowentertained from beginning to end as we came right in time for their "pre-show" their show was super fantastic!!!!!!!!!! it's the jabbawockeez and they definitely lived up to their hypei would watch them again and againthey know how to put on a showTHEY WERE AND ARE AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	SICK SHOW!!! I hope they extend their contract. My wife and I LOVED it!!!
5	BEST SHOW EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the bf got me these tickets as a surprise and didnt tell me until a few days before and i was sooooo excited everyday and even now, 4 days later! he had bought the tickets about 2 months in advance and didnt really know exactly where the seats where. they happen to be in the front row!! ($50 each at the time. the earlier you buy the tickets, the bigger the discount). before the show started (probably a little after the doors had opened so about 9:15 for a 9:30 showing), one of the jabbawockeez came out and interacted with the audience, especially people in the front row and middle aisle (im not sure if you're able to pick your seats when you buy them, but i would most definitely recommend those areas!) becauseeeeee the bf and i both got called up!!!! at first the jabbawockee guy had us slow dance like 8th grade status (arms distance apart) (and he does all this of course without talking) and then he pushed us together and moved my hands onto the bfs butt, and they started playing marvin gaye's lets get it onnnn. then he has the bf go sit down and turns around and tries to slow dance with me! the bf plays along and taps him on the shoulder and shakes his finger like uh uhh i dont think so buddy! and the guy was like my baddd!!! sorry sorry! then he had me sit on the steps in the front and pretend to yawn to put his arm around me. hahaha it was awesome. unfortunately we couldnt take any pics inside BUTTTT they had a photographer taking pics of those people who got called up, and you could purchase the photos for like $25 for a booklet of two photos, which was totally worth buying. (i think you can also take pics in front before you go inside, which you can also purchase, but we had gone in before there was a line) anyway, the show is AWESOME. i loved the whole hour and a half show and being so close made it 100000000x better. we were talking to one of the bartenders at one of the lounges close by the theater who said that she has seen the show 4 times and it has been different every time, which is really cool because not all of it is choreographed but freestyle. i totally recommend this show and would definitely go see it again. i love jabbawockeez!!!!!!
5	This show is awesome! Just like everybody on Yelp is saying...from beginning to end, it is awesome! If your in Vegas, trying to figure out which show to catch, this IS THE ONE!Old, young, kids...everybody will be cheering,screaming, and dancing. You will probably lise your voice a lil! The music that they dance to is from different genres too, so u can see how talented they are with the different styles of dance.It's not only just a bunch of guys dancing. There is a storyline which is pretty cool and well organized. If you feel lucky, get seats on the main floor, they just might pick YOU to go on stage!! It is a very audience interactive show! Best of all...it is THE REAL JABAWOCKEEZ! They take off their masks at the end!
5	AWESOME Show!!!Have you seen their ABDC debut? Well this just adds to their WOW factor cause they are pure entertainment for the entire 90 minute show! This is probably the BEST show I've seen in a while from beginning to end since the Phantom of the Opera! IMHO I think the JABBAWOCKEEZ teamed up with the Super Cr3w to do this show! They definitely give Super Cr3w a shout out at the end!
3	Good show but I thought there would be a little more to it. Maybe I over hyped it a bit for myself by reading too many yelp reviews ahead of time. I paid full price for tickets which I think might have been a mistake - even in Vegas I don't think this show was worth almost $100 a ticket. Apparently they have them at the discount ticket booths around town and I've heard there are other ways to get yourself cheaper tickets (MGM Player's Club, etc). The storyline made no sense. I did enjoy the dancing though. As for being the best show in Vegas? Definitely not, but entertaining nonetheless.
3	Show itself was good but the base was up so loud it actually gave me heart palpitations. The comedy bits were funny but then they just sort of stopped them and it got a little weird and long. Could have been better but overall, pretty good. The audience participants were so good I had to wonder if they were plants.
4	Yep! This show is dope! If you love music and dance as much as I do, you will be tapping and shaking around in your seat even singing along as I did.A must see show for everyone!This is a great show for the entire family to enjoy!IMPORTANT NOTE: Make sure when getting show tickets that you don't skimp and be cheap as you will regret it if you are stuck sitting in the third, fourth or fifth balcony, total nose bleed section. Not only will the stage be a blur but is quite the hike and in 5 inch heels that ain't freaking fun!
5	When my friend told me about this show , it sounded boring . I just came to accompany her . However , I was surprised to find that I really really enjoyed the show . The show was really funny . The music was good , the lights were nice , the dancing was cool and entertaining to watch . The atmosphere of the show was great . I would really recommend watching this show . You won't regret it .
5	Loved this show! From beginning to end, it was fun, energetic, and the music was fantastic. The time flew by; I didn't want it to be over! This show is best suited for teenagers, and adults under the age of 50... I did see some older people, but I think the music appeals to a younger crowd. We sat in the back section of the main floor and the view was perfect. Loved it. My boyfriend loved it. It was one of the highlights of our entire trip. I've seen about 10 different Vegas shows and this one ranks among the very top. See it!!
5	I've been a fan of Jabbawockeez since following and discovering them on ABDC Season 1, which is not too long ago, but hey, I still consider myself a huge fan!!  I've prided myself on being able to identify Rynan (head spins), Phil (swaggerific style), Kevin Brewer, (slick isos), Chris (bboy tricks), and Jeff at any time: most notably Kevin Brewer--his style is especially distinctive, he usually does most of the solos, and you can spot him since his movements are a little tighter/shoulders are scrunched together a little bit.But!  Sometimes it was hard to tell!  Was the janitor always the same dancer?  I swore it was Kevin Brewer at times but in the end it wasn't him!  The janitor never lifted his mask!!  Who was it?  Joe Larot?As soon as I saw the ninja jabbas and one of them do a reverse back flip, I knew there was some Super Cr3w involvement.  Do Knock loves doing that move lol.  Not a huge fan of Super Cr3w since its members rely primarily on acrobatics as opposed to riding the rhythm and beat (this was illustrated in a small super cr3w vs jabba duke out in the show) but it is really cool of jabba to take care of its homies now that jabba has made it big.I had an amazing time.  They were a tiny bit sloppy and out of sync at times, the nonsensical plot was a bit of a head scratcher, and there were quite a few fillers but man it was not a big deal at all.  I am typically not the type of audience member who cheers, but I cheered, clapped, and hollered my lungs out!And when they lifted their masks in the end, genuine appreciation and passion could be seen on all their faces.  Their perseverance really affected me and was clearly communicated to all the audience members.  I really hope their success continues to grow.
5	This show is totally worth seeing if you are into dance, hip hop, and comedy! I went with my hubby, 7 yr old son, and 13 yr old nephew. We all had such a great time sitting in the 3rd row. I love how they incorporated a story behind each segment and also had Super Cr3w as part of their cast! One of the JBWKZ went up to my son before the show started and gave him a high five. I had no idea that it was an actual member of the show so we thought nothing of it and didn't take a picture. I definitely want to see the show the next time we are in Vegas! It was great for the whole family.
5	I came to Vegas for the weekend for a girlfriend's bachelorette weekend. I was hoping to see a show like "The Thunder Down Under" or "Chippendales", but she wasn't in to it. We looked at tickets to Zumanity, and prices were a bit out of our range. I had almost lost hope for a unique Vegas trip, but then someone suggested Jabbawockeez, I got excited for the trip!The show has got a great mix of comedy, sexyness, and art! I've always enjoyed them since their days on ABDC, but seeing them in person without all the TV camera tricks is really great. Their Vegas show is a great visual expression of music. And if you're a fan, yo get to see them perform part of PYT and Apologize!I highly recommend seeing this show if you're in Vegas, great for families AND bachelorettes!
5	I actually wrote a review on this on the Monte Carlo yelp section, but then I found this, so I decided to copy and paste my review over to here.....The Jabbawockeez were awesome loved watching them, and I'll come back again. I can't give out to many details about the show, but I can tell you, if you like dancing, comedy, music, or you're just a big fan of the Jabbawockeez, you will definitely enjoy this show. I recommend everyone of all ages to check this show out. I found myself entertained throughout the whole show, you guys are true professionals.Jabbowockeez you rock! Keep up the good work I'll be back for more action soon.PS: Thanks to Duane (JBWKZ uniform manager) for hooking up our 3 boys with some autographed masks! Mad ups to the whole JBWKZ crew/team for taking the time to keep all your fans happy. Thanks!
4	Really entertaining show - it amazes me what these guys can come up with! My favorite was the Ninja sequence and I dug the story line with the janitor - I wondered how they were going to stretch out their dance sequences into a full fledged Vegas show and they didn't fail to impress.My friend and I bought tix the day before the show in the very last row (what can I say, we're cheap LOL) for like $51. Original price was like $10 more but the sales lady took pity on us.When we arrived and sat down, I noticed that despite being in the very last row, we got a good view of the stage (the auditorium wasn't that big) so I was pretty happy.Then a few minutes go by and an usher asks if we want to sit up at the floor... UM, yes! So we're seated in the 2nd row and get a full up close and personal experience with the pre-show antics with audience participation and the show itself. The only bummer is that I'm kind of a stickler for execution with these kinds of things and I think if I were sitting farther back, I could have appreciated the dancing as a whole rather than just concentrate on certain dancers or groups of dancers.Can't complain though - $51 for 2nd row is just too good to pass up. Great entertainers and a really solid show.
5	Expect nothing less than an unforgettable and endlessly entertaining show from the first and original ABDC winners, the Jabbawockeez. With a tribute to music, old and new, and their ability to tell a story - without even speaking! - the Jabbawockeez have successfully created one of the most innovative shows on the Vegas strip. The show is an hour and half, without intermissions, and you really don't need one because you're so into the show! Time goes by fast and I wish they would've kept going, but they're human too, you forget since their dance skills are out of this world. Expect to learn about the creation of the Jabbawockeez, their transcendence through music, and fall in love with each and every one of them.Share tons of laughs at this show! The Jabbawockeez have the best sense of humor and incorporate that into the show, even while interacting with audience members. Some adult nuances, but the kids won't understand so no need to worry. ALL ages can enjoy this show and leave the Monte Carlo theater very satisfied and even bigger fan of Jabba than they were before.
4	America's Best Dance Crew!  Yeah!  ABDC! Yeah!  I never knew they had a Vegas show, and I didn't hesitate to jump and buy a pair of tickets.  For a good moment there, ABDC was the coolest thing since chewing gum with a sideways opening on the package.  However Jabberwookeez or Jabberwockies is spelled (the spell-check isn't picking up the second one.)We all know the background behind these guys.  They're a breaking dancing group from California that won first place on a MTV show called America's Best Dance Crew.  From there they gained nationally wide known popularity, and seen in various segments of all media.  The group's trademark is the masks they all wear, an emotion-less all white mine face.    I have always a fan of "bboying" or break dancing.  It's always an exciting scene to behold in front of someone performing it live.  So why not see a live performance on the most epic stage in the world?!  As one of the shows at the Monte Carlo, our walk wasn't too far from where we were staying.  Something that shouldn't be missed appears prior to the beginning of the show. While many people were still getting seated, there was a member of the Jabberwookeez crew doing some humorous preshow festivities.  He's dressed in a janitor outfit and the usual mime mask.  A lot of the comedy was very reminiscent of a clown, and he involved a lot of audience participation even while they were getting into their seats.  It was truly entertaining.  The show was more than I expected.  There was a standing ovation and the general consensus of the audience was an obvious positive one.  I definitely recommend this for people not as familiar with breaking dancing.  The dance routines will be more than rock their socks off (haven't used that since 2nd grade).  The dancing even for a fan will still amaze you because of the coordinating mix of music, usage of the stage and background, and the constant sets of dance choreography.  It's not just dancing you'll see on stage.  Its art in life demonstrated in movement and music with a hip hop twist.
5	It was the best show I ever watch in Vegas. Over the art of dancing, the choreography was amazing, the music and sound is fantastic. I been a fan of jabbawockeez the first time I saw them on ABDC, and when I heard they had a show in Vegas I had to go see it, and it is worth every cent!! I would recommend this to every body, kids will enjoy it too. I would suggest if u do  wanna go watch it buy the ticket earlier because I order mine alittle late and got a seat way up. The show is way better up close. It will have u over ur seat its that amazing. go watch it!!!
5	I really wasn't planning on going to this, but last minute we wanted to catch a show and this was in our hotel. Boy, was I surprised. Not sure why they don't sell out! I thought it was very impressive & priced decent with good seats.  I could have watched them for hours! A touch racey for the kids because there is definitely crotch grabbing, implied breast groping, and a suggestive number about one of the jabawokeez getting lucky with an audience member behind the closed doors in the large set. (Which turns out she actualy denied him). But this is Vegas, and it is comparatively tame to what is just outside the door upon your exit; a skimpy table dancer!
5	A*M*A*Z*I*N*G!!!!!What an inspiration! Loved the show sooooooooo much - it's fantastic and hilarious. Enjoyed every single minute and worth every penny ($95 pp)! We sat in the 3rd row of the middle section and had a wonderful view. I already want to go back for the 2nd time - LOLInteractions with the audience are great (and very funny!). So much dancing with great choreography.  Great production. World class entertainment. The COOLEST show in Vegas!So happy to see the continuing success of JBWKZ! These guys rock! Yeah!!!
5	Like WOW.  There are no words that can described what I witnessed.  This show was absolutely incredible.  I like their Cirque du Soleil approach of going into the mind or dreamworld of someone to begin the show... and thus takes you on a roller coaster ride of excitement, laughs, jaw-dropping moments and leave you wanting more.  Surprisingly, it isn't all dance.  I laughed more than I expected and just had a great time.  I love the message they're sending out about music and creativity.... I hope this show inspires our younger generation in a positive way. Nothing else to say... JUST GO SEE IT!
5	Don't even think about it-- Just GO and you'll be happy you did. Trust me. The Jabbawockeez are amaaazzziinnggg! My group paid a pretty decent price for each ticket ($65 I think?) and our seats were great. I may or may not have screamed at the top of my lungs like a Justin Bieber teenybopper, and yelled "I LOVE YOU!!!!" a time or two. ;) I can't help it, they're HOT! Especially Phil, my favorite. bahahahhaYou will be entertained for the entire 90 minutes, I promise you! Loved everything about it. These are super talented fellas.
3	FUN SHOW!! tons of humor..the first part is a bit slow but then you start seeing more of the dancing and can relate to the newer songs they played. If you like ABDC you def will like this show.
5	A MUST WATCH show! It's hilarious, interactive, and incorporated old school hip hop classics with today's hits! Their finale & history, especially about their late member, left me feeling emo & touched.
5	They were hella dope!!! I would definitely watch them again when I'm in town. Sick ass dancing & comedy rolled into one! Didn't get to take a pix with the crew but got one with Kevin & chilled with him & Joe for a bit. They were very humble & down to earth guys. Didn't let stardom get to their head! $95 per ticket but worth every penny!
4	Anyone who knows me knows I love three things: the city of Chicago, Spanish tapas, and b-boys. I fell in love with Jabba after their "PYT" performance on ABDC. So when they announced they were taking their talents to Sin City, I knew I had to see them. A solo birthday trip to Vegas included tix to this show. I did the advanced internet discount since it was only me. The theater isn't very huge, and there isn't a bad seat in the house as long as you are in SEC 1 or SEC 2 (shell out a few more bucks and stay away from the upper balcony level).I really enjoyed this show because it made me laugh and I was entertained from beginning to end. I thought the music by The Bangerz was an excellent soundtrack to the moves. What made it even more special was the show took place on the anniversary of MJ's untimely death.I would have given it 5 stars if my favorite member of the group (KB) performed, but sadly, he didn't. However, I think it's still a great show for diehards.
5	Wow this show was amazingly good. So much energy great crowd movers and jut amazing dancers. There was never a boring moment in this show and it also had some very funny parts. They had people from the crowd on stage and making them part of the act. The tickets were fairly priced for the show you get. The seating was comfortable and had plenty of leg room. I recommend this for annyone looking for good entertainment. I will definitely see them again. Loved every second of it and by far my favorite show.
5	Loved the show. Took my son and nephews and they loved it! We sat in the 2nd row and had the meet&greet tickets - $186 each. It might be better to sit a lil further back, like maybe the 10th row because it'll be easier to see every1 on stage... sitting on the 2nd row on the left side it made it kinda hard to see what was goin on the other side of the stage. But the show was great and it was even funny. At the end of the show we waited for every1 to leave and waited about 15 mins for the original Jabbawockeez to come out. We were able to shake their hands and take a picture with them... the sucky part is that we couldnt use our camera to take a picture. They had a photographer take the pic and of course u have to pay extra for that. U would think that payin $186 u can at least use ur own damn camera and take as many pics u want! DAMN THEM!
4	The venue was a lot smaller but it's nice and intimate.  I am a dance competition fan so I probably had a lot higher expectations considering this was the world famous Jabbawockeez!  They work hard though, the show was creative, incorporated a good amount of humor, and had a diverse soundtrack.   But the best part of the show I went to, was that Supercr3w made an incognito performance, later when they took off their masks I recognized them and said hey, that guy looks like the guy from Supercr3w, well duh, because it was.  Confirmed, as they proceeded to throw up Supercr3w signs as well.  That was cute!  No wonder there were ninja moves in between.  Great job, guys!  My ticket was well-worth it.
5	jabbawabba what? Nah, just joking. I loved the jabbawockeez show. Honestly, I wasn't a big fan of the group when they were on MTV. So I didn't have major expectations for this show. But after watching their show in LV, I became such a huuuuge fan. Out of all the shows I have watched in LV, this is one of the better ones. The show is about 2 hours and I was completely entertained from beginning to end. During the first section (pre-show), one of the jabbawockeez will come out and start messing with the audiences. They are completely hilarious without even needing to talk - now that's talent! Also, thinking about all the moves they were doing, they definitely put enormous amount of strain on their body.The show definitely showcases their real/true talent. The choreography, storyline, plot - amazinggg. I loved it when they did a tiny tribute to the last three decades of music. If you are able to dance to Coldplay, you are truly a brilliant dancer/entertainer!Seriously, don't think twice in tickets, come and watch this show! You seriously won't be disappointed.The venue is kind of the small. Concession stand sucked along with their drinks (they use bad alcohol). But it is monte carlo... what can you expect? Monte Carlo probably would be nothing without this show... hah.
5	I can't say that the Jabbawockeez were awesome...  No, that would be a lie...  Jabbawockeez, Kaba Modern, and Super Crew were AWESOME!!!!  Tony Tran was there and I know there were a lot of Super Crew Members because they kept on throwing up their hand signs.  There was one more crew but I didn't know which crew they were.  There is lots of audience participation and the production was VERY good...  They do some of their old moves but a lot of moves are new...  was it worth it?  HELL YAH!  Jabbawockeez is one of the best shows I've seen (and I've seen a lot of Broadway).
5	I have been waiting forever to see this show and my expectations were exceeded. I can't even sum up in words how spectacular it was and even though I just came back from Vegas, I'm planning my next trip for the sole purpose of seeing the show again.I'm in love with the Jabbawockeez even MORE than i was before (if that was even possible) and seeing them in the flesh was AMAZING.  Watching them dance in person is much much better than watching them through the TV or youtube.
5	AWESOME SHOW!  Very very entertaining from beginning to end.  I have never been so entertained with a show before and I've seen MANY shows in Vegas.  Not that others weren't good, but this show was extraordinary.  I'd give more stars if I could.  I would recommend this show for any and everyone.  It's such a great show.  The theater is small, so any seats would be good seats.  We sat in the second section.  I want to go back and watch it again, but in the front row, just to be that much closer to the Jabbawockeez!!!
4	The show was vibrant, entertaining, electrifying at times and fun to say the least. I loved the mixture of different music genres along w/different styles of dance.My fav being the segment when they dance to DJ Shadow- mind-blowing!The show was 20 minutes too long to be honest, hence the 4 stars.They really delivered at the end and shouldve just stopped there, but the show suddenly dragged on to 20 more minutes.Jabbawockeez-We get our money's worth PLUS more with the show clocking in at an hour and 10 minutes, condense the show or add the last 20 minutes to the middle part of the show, serious.Besides that I got nothing but mad love and respect for Jabbawockeez crew, ever since ABDC baby!!Thanks for an awesome show guys...great experience.
5	Went to go see em in Vegas on July 15th the 2nd showing. Theres no bad seat in the house, its a pretty small venue. If you sit in the lower section, they will interact with you. Its easy to see how they won ABDC season 1. The music was good, they went back to a lot of era's 80's, 90's - good stuff. The merchandise was crazy expensive though - $40 for a shirt? $29 for a mask? And the girl working the stand was crazy rude, I asked her how much the shirt was and sighed and then told me the price. Sorry, I wouldnt have asked if you had signs posted up.Its a good show - just skip the souvenirs
5	Got the last ticket available at Tix4Tonight for 25% off face value.  Not bad.Movie theatre style seats with a theatre inspired venue design.  Beautiful chandeliers, ornate molding, and great details create a classic appeal.  Blue stage lighting and decor (i.e.  20 foot tall speaker props with Jabbawockeez written on the add the woofer cone) Jabbawockeez touch. Show started at lasted for 90 minutes.  Excellent mixture of tricks, coreographed dance, and skits.  I personally wanted more tricks - but they were smart to make it appealing to a broad audience.  The core audience is still 12 - 30, but I think just about anyone can appreciate it (as long as they can stand loud music).I thought some of the skits could have used a little more polish or were redundant, but overall excellent.
5	OMG this show is AMAZING!!!! the way they end it is awe inspiring reminding you to focus on the positive...plenty of dancing with a good variety of music...super funny and lots of audience interaction...i only watched them a few times on ABDC but i left the show wishing i'd followed their whole journey...truly an amazing show n one i would watch again
4	The show was good! But not a spectacular show as what you'd expect from their ABCD competition. However, I did put into consideration that they perform two shows in one night that is 90 minutes long each. Putting that into consideration, it would make sense of the JBWKZ to not push themselves to the limit. SO, it wasn't a mind  blowing show, but they did add sparks to the show with the electrifying technology to make it look fun. Nice spin offs of different variation of music from... 40s, Disney's, Hip Hop, Punk, even some disco music haha. Fun.
5	If you love Jabbawockeez you will LOVE THIS SHOW.
5	More than just dancing, the crew tells a story through mime and dance. Plenty of audience interaction.  Lots of laughs and great energy. The stage is constantly moving and changing. Love the Jabbawockeez!!!
5	Saw the show on 06/30/2011.  We loved this show!  After a terrible dinner at Borders Grill inside the Mandalay, this turned our anniversary evening all the way around.  Music was very upbeat.  I loved the old school, new school, and tributes to Prince and Michael Jackson.  And these guys are certainly talented, and in great shape.  To dance for a straight 90+ minutes... I was in awe.  If this continues to run next year, we're going again.  Also, very kid friendly.  I did see a couple bring their new set of twins into the show, and sat right up front, but I'd say bring the kids if they're at least toddler age.  Seats were reasonably priced, and had a great view.  Only complaint would be the location.  I say take this to a bigger venue, because the Monte Carlo theatre is old and smelled like mildew...
5	Went to see them on August 5th 2011... OMG! They are amazing! My husband and I purchased the meet and greet seats. They are more but you get to meet the jabbawockeez after the show and take pictures with them which you can purchase afterwards. They even give you a giftbag with a T-shirt, bandana, and a poster! Over all a fantastic experience. Also on a side note, there was a litle girl sitting behind us, and when the muic got too loud for her they brought out some ear plugs, Awww! Sweet!
5	My husband and I went to Vegas for a "Mini-Moon." We started off our three days of show with Jabbawockeez MUS.I.C Show. LOVED IT! So entertaining and made us want to get up and Dance! I just wish I COULD dance like them.
2	Big fan of the Jabs. Hated the show. Bought tickets the same day of the show and ended up in the balcony. Couldn't see anything that was not on stage. A big part of the beginning is off the stage in the crowds.  Just watch So You Think You Can Dance auditions and you will see better dances. I am not saying dancers. The Jabs are great but their show bites the big one. I have seen almost all the major shows in Vegas and this is definitely at the bottom. Wouldn't watch again if it was free.I don't know what show the other Yelper's were watching. The only reason I am giving 2 stars instead of 1 is because I am a fan.
4	Great show that kind of starts out slow, but picks it up and has you wanting to jump on stage and dance with them!! It seemed like they were trying to be philosophical/deep...but I just kinda ignored those parts. There's a lot of audience members being pulled up on stage and it's quite funny, so try and get seats up front if you want a chance at that!! My favorite part was the "dance moves through the ages" part. They do everything - James Brown, Vanilla Ice, NKOTB, Beyonce, etc And at the end, they all take off their masks!
5	i was a fan since their first performance on abdc. so when we came to Vegas I had to see them! they were AMAZING and blew my mind. the music and entertainment is great:)  I wish I could of took pics tho:(
5	Yayyy!!! Jabbawockeez was a super cool show to watch. It was in our hotel so we didn't need to worry about rushing down or anything. I'm not sure if it's a regular thing but Super Cr3w performed with them so that was awesome. I really liked the audience interaction. Too bad we weren't sitting in the front. But our seats were pretty good. I think we were in section C and we were able to see everything clearly from where we were. It started off a little slow and it didn't help that I was super tired to begin with but I enjoyed most of the show.
5	I have seen pretty much every show in Vegas.  This is hands down one of the best.  If you want to have a great time, go watch this show.  It had a little bit of everything that  is on the promotion.  Only thing I suggest they do is not use so many props from the audience.  I really hate when Vegas shows do that. Like I am suppose to believe that you never met before.  But go watch it!!!
5	This was my B'day weekend and my girlfriend bought tix not only to Vegas.... BUT TO JABBAWOCKEEZ!!!! The show was INCREDIBLE!!!!  Couldn't have asked for more on my B'day... The masked men rocked it!!!!  Been following these guys since the first time I saw them on MTV.  In my eyes they should have stopped airing ABDC when the first season was over.  JABBA IS AMERICA'S BEST DANCE CREW HANDS DOWN!!!!  They proved it once again tonight...
4	Although it isn't super spectacular like the other shows in Vegas, it is a very fun and entertaining show for all ages. I really enjoyed the good music and sexy dance moves. We got to meet the Jabbawockeez after the show thanks to one of my girlfriends. We had a great time!
4	Great show but try to get center seats because you'll have a better view of the stage.
5	AWESOME!!! show i sat through the whole thing almost pissed my pants i held it cause i didnt want to miss a thing laughing the whole time could not stop watching i loved it and so did the group i went with i def would go again. i dont know how there is anything less then 5 stars its great for all ages funny for everyone and they get the crowd into the show i love it
3	Hearing the RaGiNGgggg reviews I honestly expected a little MORE. Being that their front row seats run $180ish (WOW)... I'd rather much watch a cirque du soliel show for that price.... :( don't get me wrong I am a sucker for DANCE ( I am a dancer myself) I expected AMAZiNG but instead only caught myself leaning into the show a couple times..... I must say they should Practice more so they become more in sync..... It was a bit all over the place in my opinion... :(One thing I absolutely loved was the interaction with the audience and the amount of comedy in the show. LOVED that! LOL-Ed many times!!!! Im glad I got to see them though, being that it is said that it will run only thru November (at this point)....  Overall good show tho :)
5	L.O.V.E!!!!I loved everything about this show - the music, the dancing, the rowdy crowd, Jabbawockeez, Super Crew, EVERYTHING!  P.S. Of course, they added in a bunch of non-dancing stuff - crowd interaction, storyline, etc that was lame, but I guess you can't just have 90 minutes of non-stop dancing, they have to have a break.  So I give them a pass on that.
4	I thought the show was pretty awesome! Jabs didn't break it down like they normally do on ABDC but that's because they have to last the ENTIRE SHOW so it's understandable.  Super Cr3w showed up as a suprise guest in the show too; they were ninjas!I recommend people buying tickets way in advance. I got super good seats and was even upgraded to better seats. I read the reviews on here that people paid hella money for their tickets and that sucks. Especially if you are staying at the 5* hotels, there are always deals for the shows so make sure you look around.
5	An amazing dance tour-de-force. The Jabbawockeez elevate hip-hop dance to another level and make it accessible to a mass audience.  Definitely worth splurging on the best seats you can afford.  Read my full review here: http://www.rikomatic.com/blog/2011/08/jabbawockeez-on-the-vegas-strip-making-incredible-music-with-their-bodies.html
5	* A M A Z I N G *Hands down, this was the most entertaining show I've ever seen!  If you were a fan of Jabbawockeez in ABDC, they will not disappoint!  I would fly back to Vegas just to see them perform again!
5	The show was awesome! Well worth it son.
5	This was a really great show... some slow parts but it picks up and when it does, it DOES! I liked how they kept the audience going and used a lot of props and a lot of energy in their dance. I loved the comedy and the fact that they did more than just dance.Any seat in the audience is great, I was told that by the concierge and he was right. We were about 8 rows or so up and really experienced a great show. Ticket prices are reasonable for anything you see in Vegas...If you are tired of seeing cirque and magic shows, come see them!
4	My bf would probably give it 5 stars. he loves dancing and break-dancing therefore, this was a great show for him. They were entertaining for 1.5 hours, and that's hard to do with dancing. The beginning part was funny and I liked how their dance routines were able to show who they are as a dance group. Super Crew were part of the show as well. I thought my seats were far backed with paying 70 bucks per ticket, but it was pretty close to the stage.
5	If you love dancing/breaking shows...*5 stars for the show*Negative stars for the Monte Carlo website and show ticket booth for losing our reservationsBuying tickets:My friend called MC's website to purchase our group tickets. NOTE:  It has to be groups of 15 or more now to get 25% off but if you make the reservations 2 months in advance, you can get the same discount online BUT you have to pay the full amount then.  When we went to the show's ticket booth to pick up our tickets,  they didn't have our confirmation number or reservations so we didn't have seats even though my friend paid for everything ahead of time already.  It was a pain in the butt trying to fix this but it all worked out in the end because they gave us closer seats (third row) so that was cool.  I'd recommend checking out those 1/2 ticket booths on the strip first, otherwise don't book it through the website go straight to the ticket office (ahead of time) instead.  I think our tickets were around 70 bucks, so look for the deals!Venue:There's two levels and it's not that big of a venue so any seat is pretty good.  But there are pros and cons.  If you're on the second level, you get a nice view of the whole stage and can prob see the floorwork.  If you're on the first level, you have a closer view of the dance moves with possible interaction with one of the performers, who comes out to the audience.  He may even pull you on stage.  The negative to being so close though was when the fog machines came on, we couldn't see anything for a couple minutes.  Plus there was some floorwork that was kind of hard to see.  So if you're going to get seats on the floor level, I'd recommend not too close to the stage. Show:If you kept up with ABDC since the beginning, you know who these guys are and that they're good what they do.  So this show won't disappoint!   Lots of dancing, and humor thrown into it, I loved every minute.  Cool show to catch if you're looking for something different than the usual magic or cirque shows.  But if you're not into dancing/breaking shows you prob won't enjoy this.  No photography allowed. Booooo...
5	Not my normal cup of tea but I really enjoyed it.
5	Loved this show! The movements, the music, the storyline.... EVERYTHING was on point! The boyfriend and I are big fans and we always love to support those with true talent and Jabba is up there!
4	Such a great show. My husband was a little reluctant to watch a dancing act for 90mins but it was a perfect blend of comedy, skits, dancing and audience participation. We loved the music since it was a good mix of what we hear on the radio today and what we maybe heard when we were in high school and even earlier. The dancers are very talented and can easily make you laugh and hold your breath in suspense. somewhere in the middle of the show, I caught my husband singing out loud to the music. I think it was a John Legend song. We really enjoyed this show.
4	My friend was a big fan of Jabbawockeez and I'd also watched them on America's Best Dance Crew, so we were both excited to see the show.We got a pretty good deal at one of the tix4tonight booths.The show started off a little weird. We couldn't tell if the show had started or not. The guy in the intro was just messing around with the crowd, and as entertaining as that was, that took up more than 30 minutes of the show.When the show really started, it was pretty good.The dancers were amazing! The music was pretty good, they changed it up enough to make sure everyone in the audience would find a song they'd like.I only give 4 stars because the storyline was pretty bad.I feel like the energy of the dancers get wasted a little bit. The story line could've been much better. But all the awesome dancing makes up for it! =)
4	My 5 year old laughed so hard. Their performance was great. This show could be improved if they would replace some of the highly rehearsed numbers with ad lib performances, a dying tradition of classic Vegas shows.  I found the parts with less props more entertaining.  But overall  the best music/dance show I've seen.
5	Huge Jabbawockeez fan, and so happy that I got to see them in their show! We bought our tickets in advance online, and got the 3rd row, 3rd seat from the aisle. Got there about 10 minutes before the show was to start, and I kept hearing the audience laughing. But the ushers were taking people seat by seat (by your group), so I couldnt see what was going on. Looked like one of the members was putting on a pre-show, and we finally got to watch from our seats too. So note, arrive a little early if you want to catch all of it. Show was amazing, funny, and a good amount of audience interaction. There are a bit cheesy moments with the side screens, and the theme of MUS.I.C., but it's a show, it's expected. Also, the fog machines they use is not fun for those sitting in the front rows, as it's smelly and dries out your eyes. The dances by the group are amazing too of course, would definitley recommend watching it if you can!
5	Hands down the best show in Vegas! I would totally go see it again! It was mesmerizing... I didn't want it to end and I didn't even want to blink to miss a moment! Go see this show!!!
5	BEST SHOW EVER! :] i will definitely watch this again when i go back to vegas!  They're soo funny and talented, I never wanted this show to end!!
5	by far one of the BEST SHOWS IN VEGAS. well minus all the cirque shows. but i enjoyed myself throughout the whole show. it was just perfect. perfect music to go with their perfect and wonderful dance.  theres really nothing else to say. just GO WATCH IT! =] money well spent. =]
5	They are simply the best. FANTASTIC SHOW !!!!A+A+A+++++10 STARS !!!!YOU GOTTTTA SEEE THISSSS !!!!!!
5	Jabbawockeez MUS.I.C was definitely a big surprise for me.  It was really an awesome show!!!  This was another show, like "O," that's always been sold out whenever I go to the Strip.  So I was glad that I was finally able to score some tickets this time around.  I never watched a single episode of America's Best Dance Crew, but I heard about how amazing the Jabbawockeez were.  I really came to their show with no real expectations.  These guys are pure entertainers!  It's wasn't just their precision dancing, they knew how to work the audience and get them emotionally involved in the show.The show is almost like watching Blue Man Group since the members don't speak and don't have any facial expressions.  They can only rely on gestures and dancing to express themselves.  So in basic terms, that's kind of what you get.  A Blue Man Group type show with music, comedy, and dancing.Oh, I loved the music by the Bangerz.  Really awesome beats!!And make sure you come early enough to check out the Pre-Show.  It's really funny!!I watched two shows during my last trip to Vegas, this one and Cirque du Soleil's "O."  And I must say, I liked MUS.I.C. a whole lot better!!They earned their spot on the Vegas strip and I would definitely pay to see them again!  MUST SEE and WORTH EVERY PENNY!!
5	Entertaining from beginning to the end! The venue  is not that big so don't feel bad if your seated in the very end. The views from the back are still pretty good. One Jabbawockee walks around entertaining and interacting with the crowd until the show is ready to get started. The energy of the Jabbawockeez and the crowd is unbelievable. Everyone around me was clapping along and cheering for them like they were still on ABDC. The songs they perform to makes you want to get up and dance along with them! The story line is not the greatest but they do manage to keep you laughing and definitely entertained. Look for deals on the strip for discounted tickets but if you dont want to take the risk of being sold out you can purchase tickets ahead of time at a discounted rate. This is a definitely a show you do not want to miss, money well spent!
4	Dance, dance, dance, dance....A good, entertaining, honest fun while you're in Vegas. I must say that this show in Vegas is underated. A lot of people want to say that because they saw Jabba on ABDC, they don't need to watch this show, but I do not concur. It was definitely reminiscent of the show, but another production in of itself. If you want to get your mood off right before hitting the clubs, this is the show for you :)The most memorable part for me was that they did a song from one of my favorite Disney movies of ALL time!! I was pleasantly surprised :)
4	Their show is fun, but it would've been better if there was more dancing involved as they are a dance group.
4	Woo. This show was pretty entertaining. While we were waiting for everyone to find their seat, they did some pre-show skits to entertain us and wandered through the crowd making fun of people. The show had a lot of audience interaction and volunteers. If you want to be chosen to be a volunteer, you'll need to get a seat in the center of the first 5 rows or so. The music was entertaining and the dances are fun to watch. I was wondering if they would take off their masks at the end of the show.... and they did! So they were the real deal - no stand-ins!
5	This was a fantastic show that displayed not only thier talent but thier ability to entertain with a positive message. Would recommend for sure.
4	This was a great show, funny and entertaining.  Only problem I have is I'm not sure if it was really them.  They never took off the masks at the end and there was more people than the crew.   I assume they use lots of sub-ins to be able to dance all that 90 min. no intermission.  Still though it was a great show and I highly recommend it if you are a fan and dance.
5	Are you in Vegas? Do you love awesome fantabulous dancing? The seeing the Jabbawockeez at the Monte Carlo is a MUST. Try to get there early, as they do some preshow entertainment that will make you laugh. I sat in the front of section 2 (second cheapest seats) and the view was really good. This is a small theater so even in the back you'll get decent seats. I think if you sit in the front of section 1, you might miss some of the cool footwork that they do since you'll be lower than the stage. ALTHOUGH, they do a lot of audience participation so if you want to have the chance to dance with a Jabbawockee, get yourself to the front row.As for the show? It was entertaining. I won't lie, there are some slower sections but the highs are super high and I was a woo girl for most of the night. My favorite part of the show was the variety of music, there was hip-hop, classic rock, a little MJ, and even a bit of singing in the rain!Worth the money and 90 minutes of your life.
5	Super entertaining!!! Sure there was some music that I could have done without, but overall the show was awesome!!!Our tickets were about $80 for the 2nd level. There's not really a bad seat in the house at Monte Carlo.It appears that there are more dancers than the original Jabba, but doesn't discount the show. Actually it enhanced the show. Our party was definitely getting into the the music and dancing and when Jabba started dancing to a snippet of NKOTB - o, it was soooo on!!! The girls went off!!!Pure entertainment and highly recommend checking them out!!!SD represent!!!
3	I've only watched a small handful of shows in Vegas, and Jabbawockeez left me with mixed feelings.I love watching dance crews, so I was pretty excited to go watch Jabba.  We were hoping to buy discount tix the day of the show through Tix4Tonight, but unfortunately, they did not have enough.  We hopped on over to the Monte Carlo (where the show is at) and got some tickets for $60 something-ish after a 15% discount for staying at the hotel.  Eek...still a lot of dough to cough up for a non-premium show.  Seats were good (second level and middle of the stage) but I think it's really hard to find a bad seat anywhere in the venue.  20 minutes before the show was to start, half the seats were taken, but by the time the show started, it was probably at 90% capacity.  The beginning does have a lot of small skits and slapstick humor and you'll need to wait until the middle of the show to get into the core dancing.  They were very good, although I wasn't getting the vibe that the Jabbas were passionate with their dancing.  Perhaps they were hungover from the night before (it was Halloween weekend) or maybe they've just done too many shows.  I almost want to say that it's a lot more exciting to watch them on TV vs. live.  Some routines were great though - there were probably 2 or 3 that caught my attention.  Overall, if I had paid $30 vs. $60, I would have felt a lot better.  You can tell that not a lot of money is invested into the stage props, costumes, etc. so it leaves you wondering why the tickets are priced the way they are.  While Jabba is very talented, it's really hard to make a Vegas caliber show out of a dance crew.  They would have WOWed me if they were performing on a street with a piece of cardboard, but put them into a Vegas stage setting, then your expectations go up.
4	if you like the Jabbawockeez, you will enjoy the show. Was kinda slow in the beginning, but picked up and was looking forward to what was gonna happen next. For $64 bucks you can't beat it. We sat second section second row on the left side when you walk in and we were eye level which was good. Closer you sit to stage, better chance of getting pick to do stuff.Worth going to see at least once like most las vegas shows.
5	This show is full of surprises, laughs, and great music with great sets.  Great for all ages.  I recommend not sitting so close up front and near the aisles unless you're willing to participate.  They WILL pull you up and make you dance or participate.  Our seats were about the fourth row in the second section up and towards the center... They were great seats.  The show is a bit long without intermission.  Make sure to turn off phones and cameras during the show.  I definitely recommend this show.  I was only a bit disappointed that they don't introduce its members at the end.  I suppose that's what a paid program would be for?
5	Probably one of the best shows on the Strip. There was probably a point where I thought it would be more exciting on TV, but honestly, these guys are truly awesome live. Since I met them (unmasked) at one of their mall appearances in LA a few years ago, I have been waiting to see them perform live. Believe me, it was worth the wait... this show exceeded my expectations. You are always left wondering what they're going to do next and how their next skit is going to be different from the last one since their dance style is a lot of smooth pop and lock. At first I thought it was gonna just be dancing, but there's also comedy and audience participation.However I do have to say that this show may not be for everyone. The Jabbawockeez do not sing or speak as they rely on gestures and dance to communicate. It is also more for the younger crowd, although I did see some older people enjoying the show.Overall, I would definitely recommend this show to people that like dance with a story. It was definitely worth the money. If you're in Vegas and haven't seen this show, GO!
4	Being a hip hop head I had to check this show out.  The music was bumpin and the show was entertaining.  There are slow moments but I couldn't expect full on head spinning, or air flares for 90 minutes straight right?  This is my first and only vegas show so I can compare to others.  Also at first our seats were on way on the side but one of my friends asked one of the ushers if we could get better seating once the show started and we got right in the middle only 5 rows back.  So don't be too shy to ask.
5	One of the BEST SHOWS on the strip. I've been going to Vegas ever since I was young, so I've been to a lot of performances, and this was really amazing. Entertaining from lining up in line till the very end of the show. None of them talks during the show, it's all based on recorded clips and music, and it was so funny and enjoyable at the same time. I would definitely recommend this to friends, and if you've been a Jabbawockeez fan from ABDC, you would enjoy it that much more. I only paid $66 for front row seats, very affordable!
5	one of the best shows we saw while we were in Vegas. High energy! and freaking hysterical! go see this, you will not be sorry.. Super fun!
1	If you are considering watching Jabbawockeez w/out really knowing who/what they are, read this review... first off, save your money, watch another show.  The group dances for 1 1/2 hours, no story, no rhyme or reason... completely anti-climatic.  Watch a 5 minute youtube video of their act... to experience the full show, just watch that same 5 minute clip 15x; that is your show (except with 3 costume changes...).. Really.  No joke.I've heard of them before, was intrigued, but was still tentative about buying tickets until I read some of the awesome reviews here on Yelp; 4.5*, this has to be good RIGHT?  WRONG!!!, This is one time Yelp has failed miserable; I have to honestly say the 4.5* is overly hyped and MUST BE inflated by family & friends - any review that says 'this is the best show in Vegas' must be related in one way or another to one of the dancers.Save yourself $50-70, go grub on a nice steak... watch a clip on your iphone/computer, you'll thank me for it.
5	This show is probably the best show ive seen in vegas and trust me ive seen plenty from impersonations, to the blue man group, and cirque du solei's many shows. This one tops it all!! If you respect all kinds of music and dance you will defiantly like this show. They dance to a variety of music from old school hip hop to the newest songs and even dubstep. I'm a 19 year old who enjoyed every part of it and went with my parents who are both in their 40's who enjoyed it just as much as me. They get you laughing your butt off to making you want to dance like them. I have soo much respect for them after this show and watching them on TV isnt enough. Watching them Live is a must!! Trust me its worth the price, which i think is too low for what they give you.
4	I fail to see why some reviews give this show a 1*! My experience at Jabbawockeez  was pretty good...so good in fact, I almost fainted from trying to hold it in because I didn't want to miss even one second of the show!I know. TMI, right? But really, the show is pretty good and if you get discounted tickets, it's even better. Head to the half price box office at Fashion Island or near the Giant Coke bottle (if you're on the South Strip. We got decent seats for $65 and the auditorium is not even that big, so even the cheaper seats give you a pretty good view. The only reason I would dock a star is because these guys are obviously not the "original" Jabbawockeez. Overall though, it is a pretty exciting show and IMO worth it for the money. It's much better than some of the other shows on the strip like Penn and Teller (overplayed) and Criss Angel (just sad). And finally, if you have no idea who the Jabbawockeez are and know nothing about their dance style, why would you come to the show anyways!? Just sayin'...4* from me! :)
2	I love the stage. I love dance. Why did I not love this?I watched ABDC and loved their performances. They had some inventive routines and the masks make for a good marketing/merchandising strategy. However, it was a shock to find out about their show in Vegas. I didn't think they had enough mass appeal to warrant a show, but if it was going to work anywhere, Vegas is the place.There is a pre-show where one member comes out and interacts with the crowd. Yes, this has audience interaction all throughout the show. If you don't want to be picked, do not sit along the center aisles in the front section.The show begins with the same member who establishes the character he plays. After the initial set-up, the story comes in and out of focus for the rest of the show. I would have preferred no story line over this. I wasn't sure what was going on half of the time. Some moments seemed to be about making Jabbawockeez seem like pioneers/legends (really?). Others felt like dummy crowd-pleasing skits - Beyonce's Single Ladies, NKOTB, BBD, The Little Mermaid (wtf?). I thought the Jabbawockeez were supposed to be new and inventive. Why are they mimicking other artists' dances?The dancing alone... No doubt they are talented dancers, especially when they're doing their own stuff. As a troupe, they seemed out of sync. They lacked precision and rarely hit in unison. I think some dances played better to the center of the theater. Unfortunately, their control box took up half of the front center section.I think I would have preferred a show with all-star ABDC acts, doing two or three solid performances each and one or two numbers with everyone.Though this may be on the cheaper side of Vegas shows, I don't think it's worth the money unless you are a hardcore Jabbawockeez fan.
4	Very talented dancers.  Excellent moves.  Music of all genres.  Very intricate moves, great visual performance, laughter throughout.  Those boys can dance. Very glad I went.  Very creative group. Show can feel a little long, but I don't regret going at all.  The finale is awesome.  Cool visual illusions.
5	A highly recommended show!  My friends and I booked the show on the Monte Carlo website with a winter promotion and we were all thoroughly impressed with the production and choreography.  Fans of the America's Best Dance Crew show will not be disappointed by the complexity and skills displayed by their routines.  The show holds true to the group's play on music genres, dance style, and whimsical nature.  But it's so much more than just a "dancing" show; it's an homage to music and self-expression.  I couldn't stop bobbing my head, cheering, and laughing the entire time.  A bonus is that no matter where you are seated in the theater, there is truly no bad seat in the house.  With its visual stage production, audience participation, awesome music mixes, and humorous segments, the Jabbawockeez bring a refreshing new perspective to the Strip's lineup of shows.
3	think it helps if you're a fan of them already, and/or if you like dance.  as a non Jabbawockeez exposed person, I went in not really knowing what to expect.  what I saw was a lot of highly skilled and well choreographed techno/hip hop dancing.  the stage and lighting was also pretty well designed, and some of the dances were pretty cool.  however, there was nothing that involved amazing feat or super eye popping type stuff like you would see in a show like O or the white tiger show.  we also didn't get to see them take off their masks and talk to the audience, which kept us from personally relating to them.  when I watched their interviews on youtube, they seemed like really likeable people.  I think a big part of why they became so popular on ABDC was because they were humble, down to earth guys who really like dancing, and america caught onto that while watching them on TV.  so it's sad that the audience watching in vegas who paid $60 or more for a ticket didn't get to be exposed to that aspect of who these guys are.
5	It is quite honestly one of the best shows I've seen! I am a dancer so I knew I would appreciate all the dancing but I wasn't expecting it to be funny, entertaining, and a just a feel good time. There is something for everyone in this show no matter what age you are, gender, dancer, non dancer ... It has a wonderful story to good with it. There is also alot of crowd interaction which really keeps you on your toes :) Super crew is also a part of the show and they are fantastic! They do all the heavy breaking parts throughout the show. Also with the addition of the mus. i. c. Cast the show is even better!! Please come support my friends and watch the show the next time you are in Vegas!! You won't be disappointed!
4	I never really followed ABDC, but always enjoy watching talented performances. Not really being a fanboy of these guys, I didn't really know what to expect out of a Vegas production, especially just from "dancing". All said and done, the show was entertaining and held my attention throughout. The production and sets aren't extravagant, but then again, that's not where the focus should be at. The dancers were good and for the most part didn't reuse a lot of the same moves. The choice of music was good for me too. It might be a little expensive just to watch people move their bodies, but props to these guys for making it big. With regards to the theater, I sat in the very middle towards the back of the balcony. Definitely any seat is a good view to see the show, but I think I would've liked to sit a bit closer.
4	LOVED IT! They start off with more of a skit and then it gets into more dancing at the end of the show. They do interact with the audience so if you want to be on stage, you first have to purchase a ticket that's in the front 3 rows and then you have to be an middle age guy who can't dance or a cute girl that can get them dance for you.The show is a narrative story about how music can inspire which certainly does because it got my dancing in my seat! I don't want to say too much to ruin your own experience and tell you everything that you can expect so definitely go watch it when you do have the chance to visit Vegas.The show was fun, humorous, energetic, and inspiring. You will leave in awe! Truly an Mus.I.C.
4	Caught there show last year in November and they got the crowd into it from the time you sat down till the credits rolled. It was entertaining, funny, inspirational and all that good ish. Music had be bangin my head the whole time. Show was a lil long, like watching a good but long movie and they never took there masks so u never knew if it was really the original guys some subs off the bench. All in all it was a good show and good to see filipino/asian cats come up and doin it big!
5	Very impressive. I'm not the type to get into dance shows, but I was really feelin' it here! I went with a bunch of co-workers because we were staying at the Monte Carlo. With all the advertising in the elevator and being on the 21st floor, I was craving to see it. They really got the crowd interacting with the skits and there were a few people that got up and danced. Don't be afraid if one of the Jabbawockeez pulls you to the front. Take it as a compliment and do your duty and entertain the rest of us who didn't get picked! Haha, some people were embarrassed but some were all in. It's really good for all ages, too. So if you have kids don't be shy to bring them along. Although I never watched the TV show they were on, I was surprised how much fun they really are. Plus, they integrated three loves of my life: 1. Music 2. Beyonce 3. The Little MermaidSOLD! All in all, I was in a good mood after the show. I'd recommend going to see them, and I actually wouldn't mind watching them again.
5	Jabbawockeez was the group that truly made me a fan of America's Best Dance Crew. I was so thrilled to gift my boyfriend a chance to see the season 1 champions live for his birthday! This show at the Monte Carlo was amazing!! It was fun, whimsical, cute, supersonic, and nostalgic. Compared to other shows in Vegas which can easily rack up to almost $200 per person, this show was only about $65 per person online (before the service fee and after receiving a discount by purchasing online a month in advance). It is a great value to watch incredibly talented, interactive performers for this price! I loved how the actual Jabbawockeez interacted with audience members before and throughout the entire performance, bringing them on stage to dance with them, do mini-skits, pretend farts, etc.I only wish I knew that the Jabbawockeez don't have marketers/promoters wandering the Monte Carlo and if any person with their masks and gloves are wandering around, it's the real deal! While my boyfriend and I were waiting in line to get our tickets, we saw 2 masked/gloved people decked out in Jabbawockeez gear shaking hands with people in line (including my boyfriend) and taking pictures with fans. Not knowing it was the real Jabbawockeez walking around, we didn't get a picture. It wasn't until we were being serviced at the box office that the cashier told us it was the real them. OH MY GOD, whyyyyyy!!
5	Forget Cirque du Soleil... this show is the best I've seen in Las Vegas!!  I honestly went to this show expecting to see a good, not great, performance. The Jabbawockeez ended up blowing me away with creative scenes, fun and lively entertainment, and outstanding talent! The show is humorous, interactive, original, and constantly entertaining... each new scene is not like the previous, and the excitement only increases throughout the time you're there. TRUST ME, this is a must-see over any of the cirque shows on the strip. It is not overrated and I think it deserves way more credit... locals get a discount, 30% off! You won't regret it :)
5	So after being kidnapped and blindfolded by my group of friends plus freaking out over going down stairs, attracting others' attention, and being scared to the point where I wanted to cry, my friends (Jaymie S., Stacey M., Richard G., and Calvin T.) surprised me by taking me to see the Jabbawockeez!Pleasantly surprised at how much I loved the show.  The music.  The dancing.  The details.  All appealing to the ears and eyes.I'm not a super big fan of the Jabbawockeez, but I thought it would be amazing to see their creativity and choreography live.  I love the message behind Mus.I.C (Muse I See) and I love that they are using themselves and dancing to showcase the power of music.With that said, their sets are not all straight up dancing.  The show begins with some humor with improv and audience participation.  Really funny and entertaining stuff.  Then, the storyline kicks in and to be honest the storyline is kind of random and doesn't exactly connect fully in my eyes.  But that's okay, it's up to interpretation and I see what they're trying to get at.What I love most is the music and set transitions.  I love The Bangerz--sick beats and when combined with dance especially by the Jabbawockeez, I couldn't ask for anything better.They perform their sets from ABDC, tweaking and mixing in other new sets.  It was a much longer show that I expected (are they NOT tired??).  Love the oldies (Singing in the Rain, anybody?) as well as the newer hip-hop goodies (they even did a U2 and Coldplay set, sick).  I also liked that they paid homage to other Vegas shows and did their own spin on things.  I can't decide on what my favorite set would be, but I loved the set where they brought up a lady to the stage.  The combination of Single Ladies, Selfish, and Baby Come Back was really impressive.Move over Cirque du Soleil, the Jabbawockeez are in town!  Hopefully for long, the show is supposed to end June 2012 at the Monte Carlo, fingers crossed they find a new home somewhere else on the strip!
4	I took a friend to catch this show for her birthday. I truly didn't think I was going to be one to enjoy a show based around dancing. I am glad I did make the effort to catch this show. The music was old school hip hop to the new school . The music kept me entertained and for there being no talking in the show it kept me laughing with the comedy. Every so often you can find discounted tickets available through tix 4 tonight located at various spots on the strip. We were given tickets at about 50%off for this show. It was a good buy.
3	I had watched the show again on 7/23/2012.. very disappointed.. it no longer consists of the original Jabbawockeez members except for Joe.. he is the only ORIGINAL Jabbawockeez member left in the show, as the rest have migrated on to their own show in Australia, leaving members of their Full-Force dance crew to lead the show.. You will no longer any of Kid Rainen's iconic headspins during Robot Remains..
4	So what does Queen, Michael Jackson, Vanilla Ice, Coldlpay, Beyonce, NKOTB and the Disney's Little Mermaid all have in common?  Their music all have a part in Jabawockeez' awesome performance at the Monte Carlo!  We have now seen the show twice and both times were absolutely entertaining.  They have put together a performance that appeals and speaks to such a wide spectrum of an audience -  I couldn't help but notice that the crowd was multi-culti in all kinds of ways...age group, ethnicity, and not just hip hop fans.Tickets start at $52 a pop, and I believe the website does offer some discount for advanced purchases.  Our friends who sat in the very front don't recommend being so close - a few rows back will yield you a better view of the big picture without the neck strain.  The theatre isn't huge so the acoustics are very good.A must see for anyone who enjoys live performance - these guys won't disappoint!
4	I had a lot of fun at this show! Great dancing to relevant and upbeat music. GF made an interesting comment to me: that because they wear masks and you dont know if they are white, black, yellow, purple.... the music and the dancing really comes through and it removes all feelings of "this is a hip hop show, this is a white girl pop show, etc". Really good for anyone that enjoys dance. Tons of audience participation. Don't sit close if you are shy and afraid to interact. BTW I have to mention this... At the show I attended there were 3 hillbilly's sitting in front of us. 2 women and a man who must have come from rural north Nevada or something... I had to assume these people had never been in public before other than a tea party rally or something. The guy was wearing an american flag shirt and the women commented, loudly, every 10 seconds. It was hilarious. Sorry that has nothing to do with the actual show but it needed to be recorded in yelp's archives.
3	Since Yelping I've noticed myself being more critical of shows. This show was a lot of fun, I love music and dance, so I really enjoyed the show. But if your expecting a story, don't go to this show. They tried to tell a story but it felt a bit disjointed. This show is better than Blue Man Group and Recycled Percussion but not nearly as good as Ka or Mystere, I guess it all depends on what kind of show your looking for. Do your homework before dishing out those $$$.We also noticed some of the dancing was off, which really surprised me,  since I know these guys have been performing for a while.A few funny moments thrown in to keep you on your toes. Loved the music. The length of the show was good. The line at the bar gets long so get to the show a few minutes early if you wish to imbibe.
2	I enjoyed part of this show, but then I felt like I was watching something like the movie "Groundhog Day."  They dance well, the music was fine, and the sets with the great lighting wowed me.  Then things got stale.  I felt that I was seeing the same dance again and again and again.  How many times can you jump on one hand while turning without it becoming stale.There was one irritating thing from one of the crew.  I was in the first row of the rear orchestra.  Unfortunately, one of the sound booth guys decided to stand periodically, and his head was right in the way of the people in my area.  He stood near the end for about 4 minutes while he waited for another tech to come back to the booth.It was one of the longest 90 minute shows I've ever seen.
4	The wife and I absolutely loved this show.  Probably one of the more entertaining shows that I've been to in a while.  We had good seats, but were a little to one side, so some of the scenes were a little hard to see, but it was ok .  I liked the fact that they mixed in a lot of comedy as well as the tribute to some of the old school songs too.  Overall it was a lot of fun and keeps you energized the entire time
5	Go to this show! It is worth the money. From the start, even before the show begins it is very entertaining and very interactive (you'll understand what I mean if you watch the show!) If you have even the slightest interest in dance or music, you will enjoy this show.This show does wonders by appealing to your ears with catchy music and beats, as well as amaze your eyes with the visuals and amazing stunts. I promise you , if you go to watch this show, you will be impressed. If you are worried about paying a lot for the show, I recommend stopping by one of the tix 4 tonight booths located along the strip. They are 100% legitamate and you can save a lot of money. I've bought show tickets as well as dinner coupons from them and have never had any problems. I actually bought tickets from them to go see jabbawockeez and I ended up in the fourth row from stage and had a perfect view. It truly made the experience worth while.  Now that I've given you ways to save money, you have no excuse for or going to see this amazing show.  I promise, it'll be a one of a kind experience.
3	This show has its highs and lows. Much of the dancing is beyond impressive, there are many funny moments, and the music selection is great (and spans many genres). I loved the fact that they performed at one point to "Building Steam with a Grain of Salt," by Dj Shadow, a song that is definitely not mainstream or pop, but deserves exposure to middle America. They also danced to Queen, which was highly memorable. As this review might reflect, the music was a major highlight for me.Obviously, the dancing was next-level, but there were moments of redundancy and other moments that simply dragged or meandered. But one major highlight was the ninja fight and accompanying uses of blue lights---definitely a visual wonder.I think this show has great potential, I just think it needs some tweaking and tightening up.
5	A lot of mixed reviews about this show and I don't seem to know why this is, since you know the type of know it is .. My kids absolutely loved this show as well as my wife and Me. It had us laughing almost throughout the show and had me of all people wanting to get up and dance ( which I don't do )   2 thumbs up from me. I wish I had more thumbs..... LOL
5	A very fun show to go to. Its actually a full on kind of show vs. just dancing which surprised me. Their dancing wasn't as on point as i expected but it was cool to see so many different genres included.Get a seat in the front and they might bring you up on state to be a prop on for the show.The show itself is good, not excellent but its the first show i haven't fallen asleep in. When its dark, music is playing my eyes just want to close. i've nodded off to phantom, wicked, zumanity, beauty and the beast, etc.The show is 90 minutes long, but actually really starts before that. There's no intermission so if you need to use the bathroom just go use it.Got tickets at http://www.yelp.com/biz/tix-4-tonight-las-vegas#hrid:z4fylt5DS-8_dRipQof04w for $60 for section C.
5	Love this Show!  So impressed I've watched their show a couple times and each time blows me away.  The time flies by when you are watching them dance.  They make it look so effortless.  We have watched quite a few shows here in Vegas and this is still one of our top picks.  You are entertained from start to finish and there isn't a bad seat in the house.  Looking forward to catching the show again sometime soon.
5	So after being kidnapping and blindfolding Fanny H., plus laughing at her freaking out over going down stairs, attracting others' attention, and being scared to the point where she wanted to cry, we had finally arrived to Jabawockeez!Note, I'm not a fan and don't think I've ever watched an entire episode of ABDC, but since Fanny bookmarked the show, we thought it'd be a fun birthday treat for her! As it turns out, it ended up being a treat for all of us!I loved how the show opens with audience participation. It not only gets everyone's attention, but makes every performance just a little bit unique. You really can't predict how an audience member will react, so it's definitely a chance they take!Overall, it is an absolutely PHENOMENAL show.  Even those who aren't big on dance crews will truly enjoy this show! :]
5	If you have ever seen an episode of ABDC, then you know what a phenomenal group this is. The venue was outstanding, the show was show stopping, the JBz continue to amaze, the "musicality" was incredible, stage lighting/props jaw dropping, and the costumes just outstanding. Everyone of all ages and walks of lives were dancing in their seats! This show is a must!
5	Excellent show! New and refreshing twist on Vegas entertainment. Great for all ages. I would love to see it again! Highly recommend.
4	As Pauly D would say, "Les-bi-honest!" I never watched ABDC, mostly because I disliked their host with a passion. Team Zack Morris FTW; Preppy and his big ass cell phone would knock Slater out if it came down to it. Anyhow, I only knew of the Jabbawockeez because everyone was telling me about them and how they were murdering other crews on that show (first season too). The hype was soon going around like a new zombie strain. I'd eventually see them on commercials and other media outlets everywhere. Although I didn't care much about that show, I did have to admit that their costume/wardrobe, style, and moves were catchy. Jump a few years later, the Jabbs land probably their biggest gig to date. Headlining in Vegas. Again, didn't think I would bother. A buddy of mine took his girl to watch this show one weekend. He came back with some positive feedback. This dude is OG gangsta: smokes a chain, drinks beer like water, and doesn't smile much except when he's hammered & in a good mood. For him to say that he enjoyed the show and gave it props, it meant something and just nonsense rant.I recently made a random trip to the desert. Normally, I'd be down to blow away some dead presidents on them fancy shows but this particular trip, I wanted to concentrate on throwing away my bills on Pai-Gow (Yeah, 3 hours & $40 later. Love that push game). We cruised by Tix 4 Tonight and I ended up scoring two tickets for $140, about 5 rows from the front. For Vegas standards, that's affordable.To say that I was thrilled, I'd be lying through my teeth. I was a little curious, yes but ecstatic, not really. Like many shows, you may get picked by the performers to get ridiculed on. They actually did this quite often throughout the night. I never know if it's all BS, as if they planted that person who really works for the show or if it is truly someone random. As the show progressed, I noticed something that I appreciate most... oldskool hip hop at its best. Raw cuts of tracks that we use to blast at house parties and import car shows. Kind of embarrassing to think about it now but it was the thing to do back in the day. Just like how the trend today is to wear jeans tighter than women. For the record, I will not and won't agree to this.A few things that the Jabbawockeez do well and you should take notice:1. Obviously move like fluid and their routines were on cue & sick2. Never take off their masks3. Never speak, think of Bumblebee who uses the stereo to talk or to express themselves4. Tell stories through music and their movements5. The ability to make fun of the audience, again without speaking By the end of the show, I was impressed. I wanted to step outside and grab a tee-shirt which I should've but I didn't want to be a tourist. If you have a profound respect for the classic hip hop movement back in the day, then I assure you this show will be all you. Even if you don't, it was still a very entertaining two hour part of the my life. You'll be amazed of what these cats can do. Honestly, not a fanatic but I am now a fan.Outro.
4	okay so i watched jabbawockeez win the mtv hit show and instantly became a fan. theyre a group of super talented and creative dancers. except what you saw on mtv was a couple of minutes. i think a show of 1.5 hrs is worth it if you got some sort of discount to the show or if you pay for seats in the back row and move up to the emptier seats. otherwise you're literally watching a show with no REAL storyline or cohesiveness to the dances. they dance to a bunch of popular songs and add comedy but no real drama like it advertises. and of course these are not the original jabbawockeez... given i know i am here to watch the dance moves but they were doing some unimpressive dances, not that i can do them myself but i was expecting more popping and exciting moves but it almost felt like a choreographed pop group dancing. again i am no dance expert but i was waiting for that WOW moment and it just never came. maybe if they added a jabbawockee GIRL to the mix to create some sort of storyline it would be more entertaining. 1.5 hrs of doing the same few dance routines gets old to me. i gave 4 stars only because i am STILL a fan of the jabbawockeez. their memory lives in me from the show (+1 star). otherwise they'd only get 3 stars, which is why i say you have to be a fan of them to appreciate the show. otherwise you might even fall asleep! i'd recommend sitting in the front of the second mezznine as the seats in the last row (where we sat) are just a teeny weeny bit far, unless you have perfect vision or plan to jump rows. sitting in the back i saw that our show was far from being sold out. the first level mezzanine looked pretty full. i grabbed disount tickets from the website and you can pick them up at any MGM box office before you see the show. i'm not sure if they offer any other discounts but i believe i got 15% off. 20% off if you book 30 days or more in advance from their website. if you're a fan, you should check it out just because.
5	Simply awesome. Was a fan since first season of ABDC, and this show got everything I expect about them. besides seeing the awesome dancing, the lights, the state, costume,  the comedy.....its all great! its a must see if you go to Vegas!
5	Such an awesome show. So much fun to be had. The music is great, the dancing is outstanding and the comedy is top rate.
5	It was in our last visit to Vegas that my bf mentioned the Jabbawockeez.  I've never heard of it, but he raved about it.  I've been dating my bf a little shy of a year, and he is relatively a good bf so I decided to take him to watch this show for St. Patrick's day.This show was nothing short of incredible.  It was funny, creative, inspiring, motivational, and exceptional all around.  Although my primary reason for attending this event was to make my bf happy, I really think that I may have enjoyed it more.
4	All I can really do is reiterate all the other positive comments that have been made.    I do wonder, however, why a good show like this is in a dump like the Monte Carlo.......Lots of energy and (at least during our viewing) lots of screaming fans.    I would suggest trying to get seats that are not too close as you may have a hard time seeing the "whole picture" at times......
5	This show was amazing!  Usually when I go to Vegas I don't see any shows so I had told my friend that I wanted to see this show, I watched them back in the day when they were on ABDC.  The show is so entertaining and it's fun for everyone from child to adult.  We went on a Thursday night and the place show was sold out!  The audience was literally a mix of all races and ages.  This show has something for everyone and I say this because of the mus-i-c they use.  I enjoyed so much because the music selection took me back to when I was a kid, junior high, high school and even my recent college days.  You will be mesmerized by the way this men move and the talent that they possess.  The show does a good job at performing the story they want to tell the audience.  About 5 minutes before the show starts they have a "pre performance" which had everyone laughing!  Also, right when you walk through the doors before the auditorium people take pictures of you and your group which you can pick up after the show.  We decided to get our pictures which weren't too expensive, 2 photos for $25.  A must see show!  Also, locals get a 30% discount I believe.
3	Ok. So I saw this show, and although I love the choreography and fun b-boy stunts and tricks, I think these are one of those shows that are struggling with a good story line, theme, and costumes.I think it's great how they interact well with the audience, and try to get them all hyped up about the show, but the show just seemed a little tacky to me. I didn't quite get the story line, and honestly. The REALLY SHINY costumes kind of distracted me a bit. They had a few funny parts in the show, and I loved that big light in the background that moved to the beat of the song, but still. Again. I didn't get the story line.Honestly, I was just kind of disappointed. I'm a big fan of the Jabbawockeez, especially after following them on ABDC. To me, their own performances were SO MUCH more impressive on ABDC than the scripted one for this show.Thumbs up on the soundtrack of the show though! I loved the music!
4	America's Best Dance Crew.I became a fan of Jabbawockeez during the first season of ABDC. These are a talented group of guys that know how to entertain and I had to go watch them live in person. The entertainment begins shortly prior to the schedule start of the show. We arrived 15 minutes early and within a few minutes after we were seated, a Jabbawockee was spotted walking amongst the crowd....sweeping. Of course this was a part of his act which continues into the opening of the show. The show consisted of dancing, laughs, and great music. I don't wanna give up too much of what happened during the show, you will just have to go see it for yourself! If you're a fan of the Jabbawockeez, you will be happy that you went to see them perform. It was a delight to watch them perform and I would definitely go watch them again.
5	I have wanted to see the Jabbawockeez ever since they won the dance competition show (America's Next Best Dance Crew I think it was called).  I finally got an opportunity to go on St. Patrick's Day and it was phenomenal.  They had entertainment involving crowd participation before the show which was hilarious.  The show started and it was great.  They incorporated amazing dance skills, humor, and theater all in one.  I absolutely loved this show.  I sat in the second to last row and still felt like I wasnt too far away.  The theater isnt that big so I think getting the cheaper tickets was still good for me.  I would definitely see this show again.  It is well worth the money!I will also say that I was happy with the entrance to the show as well.  Unlike other shows, no one stood in line waiting to have their tickets scanned.  Everyone just stood around the door and when the doors opened a short line formed but it seemed much faster than other shows I have been to.
4	First vegas show ever. It was amazing. The guys are so talented and really put on a show!!!I say call in to order tickets instead of waiting in line hoping to get good seats. My friends and I ordered our tickets over the phone a few hours before the show and got great seats!! (Row 7 right in the center for 100/person)Super entertaining show!!!
5	We loved the show along with my wife and 9 year old son. Definitely family friendly as well.The theater in the Monte Carlo is pretty small, so even sitting in the very back seats for $65, the seats were pretty good.I was just expecting dance, but there was a whole lot more.... Didn't anticipate such a entertaining show and the show creator is just brillant!Will definitely recommend to all my friends!
5	amazing show!!!
5	what an amazing show!!! jabbawackeez did a good job. big fan of abdc and i followed them on season one and voted each time. they blew the house with their show. nothing compairs watching on tv than watching it live on stage.
5	The best dance crew ever, these guys bring it and rock it like no other!!
5	Jabbawockeez is an awesome show.  I don't think it's something, say, my parents would enjoy... but I thought it was so cool.  It doesn't have the normal glitz and glamour of a Vegas show, but the sets and lights were pretty impressive considering that this is a show based around a dance crew.I've been a total fan of the Jabbawockeez since their reign on ABDC.  Their PYT dance was something I youtubed at least 20 times.  I was psyched to see them perform it live.  Unbelievable!The show had good pace, great music, and the dancing was flawless.  I liked that they had lots of crowd participation and the fact that they were able to inject some humor into the show.  Snacks are kind of pricey - about movie theatre prices and there will probably be a line.  Every seat in the house is pretty good so don't stray away from getting the cheaper tickets.  I also recommend not sitting too close so you can get a view of the stage and the dances as a whole.  Also try getting getting a seat that's more in the center.  Don't forget to ask if there are local discounts (normally like 30% at the ticket booth) or buy the tickets at Half Price discounts.
1	Terrible show and not worth the $.  We saw several people walk out which we should have done.  The dances were repetitive and our 9 yr old was asking if the show was going to get better which it did not.The show rating on yelp is off by a long shot.  The you tube reference by another reviewer is right on target.  Save your $ and watch a real performance.
4	My teenage daughter asked me to buy tickets to see this show and I was expecting just dance and hip hop music but was I pleasantly surprised!  These guys are so talented, creative, and very funny!  They interact with the audience so if your seats are towards the front you may be pulled on stage.   We sat in the mezzanine section and had a great view of the stage. This is an excellent show for the family - suitable for kids 10 years and older.  Highly entertaining!
5	All I can say is best show ever. There isn't one second that I was bored. They don't only dance, but entertain. There is alot of comedy in it and they get the audience involved. My cousin got pulled on stage and the guys danced for her. Just the best show ever. So sad to see it be over. If they aren't staying in Vegas, I hope they will tour.
5	Wasn't into it but the hubby really wanted to see it! glad I went the show was Awesome !
4	Not just hip hop music to satisfy to a variety of people. An older white lady sat next to us and loved the show. My wife and 9 and 13 year old loved it. I recognized a few small parts from ABDC Season one when they won and tore it up. OF course I was living in San Diego at the time so I was representing, but moved back to my 2nd home Vegas and have been waiting to see  them. It was worth it. No bad seats. Family friendly, except the small parts where women were made as sex objects. I was that way, and I'm raising my boys to be different and better than that. For that reason they lose a star. Otherwise they know how to put on a show with their creativity and skills! Go see it!
5	It was a dream come true for me to witness these very talented gentlemen perform with their hearts laid out on the dance floor.  My family and I loved the performance.  We sat midsection, third row.  With my 22 month old on my lap dancing with her arms to every song, my 7-year old getting a high-5 and my husband getting a fist-bump, I was so happy that we got the best seats in the house.  The guys were truly entertaining and I couldn't help but feel so proud of a big group of guys who had this ambition since they were very young.  I'm sure having a solid gig on the Vegas strip was probably more than what they could have ever imagined when they started this crew years and years ago (or maybe it was?).  They deserve every success and accolade that they have achieved thus far and I'm betting my hat off that there's still much more than a steady gig in Vegas.  The performance kept us entertained the whole time.  We laughed constantly (who knew that it would be a comedy show also?) and many of the old-skool songs kept my husband and I happy that they still kept it real for us old-skoolers.  Many of you checking out Yelp reviews before dropping some hard cash and comparing a bunch of b-boyz to say some of the other performances on the strip, I can assure you that you'll leave feeling glad that you took a chance on the Jabbawockeez's performance.  As much as my hubby loved watching the guys on TV, even he had doubts of whether or not he would want to watch a bunch of breakers/poppers for a whole 1.5 hours.  It was more than we expected.  They genuinely exceeded our expectations and we totally felt that we got our money's worth.  We were laughing and dancing.  I felt thrilled the entire time and I can't wait to watch them again.  If you're a Jabbawockee and you're reading this, KUDOS TO YOU!  I, personally, am very proud of you.  Thanks for keeping it real and putting a bit of b-boy love on the Vegas strip.  Keep on rockin'!
2	Nothing like what you saw on ABDC.  Located in the Monte Carlo, the Jabbawockeez theatre has limited seating which is reserved and chosen when you purchase your tickets online or at the box office in the front.  For $90/person, I came in with very high expectations.  However, for me, there was too much skit and not enough dancing.  Actually, the plot didn't make very much sense at all.   It seemed like there was a story (which I didn't understand) and some random dancing throughout.  Overall, I was highly disappointed and wish they had cooler stunts/choreography like they had on ABDC.
2	Saw this show last year on the urging of some friends and made the decision based off the Yelp reviews. My friends were going to see both La Reve and Jabbawockeez (same price for each show) but due to budget constraints I could only join them for one show. I ended up choosing Jabbawockeez (Yelp review was 4.5 stars whereas La Reve was 4) and was disappointed I even passed up a Cirque show. My friends were staying at the Wynn/Encore so they had gotten discount tickets of $70 per ticket which I later found out was a steal considering that La Reve rarely goes on sale or discount. I recently moved to Vegas and joined HouseSeats where I have heard they have previously offered tickets for Jabbawockeez to members for free! My regret is endless... The Jabbawockeez show was entertaining enough but certainly not worth the money! And like some other reviewers have said it's like watching the movie Groundhog's Day. It gets very repetitive. Seeing it live isn't much different than watching them on TV except you are poorer afterwards. Just reminded me of a repetitive episode of AGT or something. On the other hand, I feel Cirque shows are an experience where you see something you have never seen before. (Saw Love and Zumanity and loved them both!) The entertainment surrounds you... Artists fly in and do acts with agility and grace with each skit a little different than the last unlike Jabbawockeez. So my advice is to pick a Cirque show over others that are offered if you have a limited budget and can't see both or more than one show.
2	Wow.  4.5 stars for this show??  I'm surprised!We had good seats and enjoyed a pretty perfect center orchestra view.  But this show is very low octane and low impact.  It would be vastly improved if there was choreography of interest to punctuate the slower parts of the show.If you have seen a three minute clip of the Jabbawockeez dance, then you have seen everything there is to see in this show. For me, it dragged in several sections and was quite repetitive.  I would have liked to see the variety displayed during their days of competition on ABDC.  Some different beats.  Some cool feats.  Unfortunately, this show is just a recycling of standard choreography seen throughout film and television today.  Nothing novel or inventive, which is what I admired most about the Jabbawockeez.  Sure, they can spin on their heads for a long time, and windmill like nobody's business, but any Jabbawockeez fan has seen this already.  And the music is essentially the same beat throughout with no experimentation into off-beats or slow tempos.  I must be the only one who goes crazy after listening to the same mix for over an hour!Back on ABDC, the Jabbawockeez could weave a story in under five minutes.  Here, where they have over an hour to play with, the audience gets no story at all.  Just a jumbled mix of standard dance moves set against a pretty sparse, black-lit backdrop.  Even a bunch of mini stories could have worked.  But nope, you don't get that either.For me, I appreciate music and dance that do more than just sound or look good.  I like there to be a depth in the things I give my attention to.  Art forms should strive to be multifaceted.  Unfortunately, I've discovered that the Jabbawockeez have a long way to go towards being true artists, and this show is as flat and monotone a performance as you can get in Vegas.
3	I had heard that this show was an amazing experience. Don't get me wrong, it was incredible the way the were dancing...Wish I was able to do some of the things they did. But, first off, the seating was great. They are in the new pavilion, which was right outside hotel registration. Where my girlfriend and I sat, it was a great view, not to expensive either because we bought our tickets at the tix4tonight place near MGM. The show seemed a bit slow at times. Overall, it was a good show for a good price...but I think next time, my girlfriend and I will splurge a little more and get Cirque tix.
4	I absolutely enjoyed this show. MY 4 star rating is due to my preference in music in which the Jabbawockeez touched on throughout their performance. They went through all genres of music from Gene Kelly's "Singin' in the rain" to New Jack Swing, R&B, Hip Hop, and even Rock 'n Roll brought together through an audiovisual story.
3	Like many others, we really enjoyed Jabbawockeez on ABDC and took the opportunity while in Vegas to see their show.  Music was great and so were their moves.  Storyline was a bit disjointed for a 90m program (Just enjoy the music/moves).  And there are definitely hi and low points throughout the show.  I hope they get to refine their show as time goes on, there is potential for more growth (Was looking at watch halfway through the show).We're still big fans.  One major disappointment for the family was after the show, no one came out to meet the fans.  With a troupe of 10-12 folks, would have been nice for some of them to come out and do autographs.  The kids were really looking forward to that since that was the experience they had with Blue Man Group.aOverall, was an enjoyable evening and for roughly $87/person in a smaller area, every seat is pretty good for that price.  No regrets in selection of show for the night.
4	I really liked this show. I guess mostly because it took me back to seeing my cousins and friend busitng those moves back in the day. My daughter also really enjoyed it..Theater did seem a lot smaller then most shows in Vegas but overall you were able to see the show pretty comfortable.  I wouldn't mind seeing them again. :-)
5	These guys are awesome and put on a great show.
2	It's outside in a huge white tent & the bathrooms outside is pretty nice so I heard. There is AC & music in the bathroom LoLz. The seats inside are very uncomfortable, your shoulder to shoulder, also I felt like someone was breathing down my neck the whole time. Once someone moved on their seat you can feel like because the chair are all connected in a one piece moving line thing on the bottom. I was on floor level which is a bad idea. Had to keep moving around to see everything. I guess being short doesn't help too. sigh. So besides from a hurting neck and back pains. The show was just OK. It's kind of like the blue man group. They made fun of other shows and they bring people up stage to make fun of. The music they pick was up beat, like a mini party. Bottom line thank god I didn't pay for these tickets are I'll be piss. I got them for free.
2	I was disappointed in the show because about 15 minutes into the show, I realized I was not watching the original members. And what tipped me off was the 6'-2" tall, 220 lb dude in a mask. If you are a die hard fan, you can tell by the movements that they weren't the members you saw on television. The show I watched was pretty much watching the equivalent of a cover band playing your favorite band's music. It was still good, it just wasn't what I thought I was paying for. I did complain to Monte Carlo to try to get my money back and this was their response:"All performers are indeed Jabbawockeez, in every performance. They have expanded their crew and on any given performance, they rotate."I know some of the dancers are Super Crew members during the b-boy numbers, but you can tell that the routines for the original members were filled in by other dancers. They did do a decent job though, but I still would not buy another ticket to see them perform. I would pay to watch them again if I knew for sure it was going to be the original members. My 2 star rating would be bumped up to 4 stars if that was the case.Other than that, the show is about 2 hours long and more than half of that is filled with comedic mime skits and audience participation numbers. Totally understandable because it would be hard to fill two solid hours of dancing routines. The dance routines were well done. If you have seen all their you-tube videos, you have seen all their dance numbers in the show.2 Stars... JUSTICE HAS BEEN SERVED!!!
2	This show was overpriced, performance was mediocre, had very little real dancing and had a bit too much immature sexual insinuation (guys grabbing their crotch too often) and mime comedy. Throughout the whole show, we kept waiting for the real show and exciting performance to start.  It never did. There was one number like it.  Everything else did not have the caliber of their performance on ABDC. But while walking out, someone exclaimed, "it was sooooo good."  My husband and I wondered if we were in the same show.  Maybe it's more for the teenage crowd.
2	I was really disappointed.  The venue was basic, felt like a glorified high school gym in a tent.  I felt the dancers were more like back-up dancers.  Plays were cheezy, I was fighting to stay awake.  It suffers from poor production.  I think the play on classic hip-hop was nice, would be great to extend that, maybe with a live DJ.  Extremely disappointed and overpriced.  I can't recommend this Vegas show.
4	I saw this show with my boyfriend, his sister and his aunt. I was really excited for it, but a bit bummed out that it was in a temporary tent. If you are going to Vegas before September and want to see this show....don't. I assume it is a lot nicer in their normal theater. The pre-show entertainment was really amusing and cute. The biggest problem was that I couldn't see thanks to people in front of me. This lady had the most annoying kid that kept standing and sitting high on her lap. Then he would bounce around and make all of the seats move. Man. I really hate kids. Between moving my head around to see things, I really did enjoy what was going on.The music selection was nice, the sound quality was nice and the performances were really great. However, I think there are better dancers out there. These guys are no longer the revolutionary dancers they once were, and they do need to step it up to keep a dedicated fan base. I enjoyed the drama, comedy and mime acts. This show was really inspirational, as a person that loves music. I think it's one of the better Vegas shows, but it is expensive. Get seats that are further back so that you are higher up than the floor seats. You will actually have a better view than I did, unless you can afford front-row seating. Overall, worth seeing. It's nothing like Cirque or Le Reve, but it is still a nice show.
3	I was surprised that the show got moved into a tent in the parking lot of Monte Carlo. I was expecting it would be in a big stadium. There were also porto potties outside for guests to use. There were like 5 rows of empty rows of seats in front of us and I wonder why the ticket people weren't generous enough to upgrade our seats to there. We still got a good view of the stage though for $60 on sale at tixfortonight booth. I was kinda disappointed in the choreography and the music during the show. I guess I was expecting a lot more for the money we paid. Some of the music made me sleepy and bored.
4	Like many others, I first saw the Jabbawockeez on America's Best Dance Crew.  They were fantastic.  I was so excited at the airport when I saw their advertisement on the top of a taxi when we arrived in Vegas.  We bought tickets that day.  Great show!  I love the music, and of course, the dancing.  The routines needed a little work on their transitions.  Other than that, it was a very entertaining show.
1	We heard good things about this show. We were disappointed. We saw the 9:30 pm show on Sat. 8/11. It was in a tent in the parking lot, bathrooms were in a trailer, and the seats were uncomfortable. The dancers were off and not synchronized. They were also off their marks, the center guy was consistently off center, to right, for some reason...really unprofessional performance overall. I looked at my watch at 10:10 pm and thought, wow, when is this going to be over...it so boring (very monotonous dance routines and skits). I know this is harsh but it was just that bad.
4	Awesome show.  A must see for the price.The theatre is outside of the Monte Carlo which was a turn off because it was in a smaller theatre then the one they had before in the hotel, but that theatre is now going to be for the Blue Man Group.  You can tell the set they were using was built for a production theatre and not a tent theatre like they have now.  It is air conditioned but I was honestly kind of hot in there.  Sine the theatre is small, any seat is a good seat.They did some of their signature moves from ABDC, and they did a lot of solo's to highlight each members dance moves.  They did a lot of different stage numbers with different stage sets that highlight the history of music, the eagles, current music, michael jackson, they even did a beyonce number which i loved.  They got involved with the audience which had a lot of people more intrigued about the show..  Minus the slight bad reviews, I give them a 4 of 5.  This is their first show so it wasnt perfect, but for $60 its worth it.  I recommend this show to anyone who appreciates the art of dancing.  Had the theatre been inside the hotel with better AC and a set that sit their stage then i would have gave it a 5.
5	My boyfriend watched them on tv and loved them the whole way to the top so he was really excited for this show. I, on the other hand, have never seen them so I didn't know what to expect and wasn't as excited as him, but I think I ended up loving them more than him. This show was awesome!!! It felt like a long show and they kept you entertained the entire time, even about 15 minutes prior to the show even starting. We definitely felt that we got our moneys worth.We were in the very first row on the risers (perfect seats!) since I read that the floor seats were not as good considering you will have a blocked view from other people's heads in front of you. That was very true. As we sat watching the entertainment before the show started, there were several people asking to be moved up from the floor to the risers. It is better to just pay a little less and you will actually get a better view. (We were in row L.)Also, I was not looking forward to it being in the tent because of some other yelp reviews I read. However, it truly didn't feel like you were in a tent. The seats were comfortable and it was air conditioned. They sold drinks in the lobby part of the tent and it was not cheapened in any way. So if you are if-y about that part, don't be. You won't even notice it once you are seated.Overall, we left really pleased and telling everyone how great it was. I have become a fan and I would definitely recommend seeing this show. You will not be disappointed!
5	Loved this show. We were going to watch O and it was sold out. Im glad I was able to experience this. It was really entertaining. I didn't think dancing can keep me entertained for 2 hours straight but the Jabbawockeez did!
5	Just saw Jabba at Harrah's in Atlantic City, and have to say that the show was AMAZING. Wow. The dancing, the special effects, the illusions, the comedy... everything was just so, so entertaining. We saw some favorite bits from abdc, too, like the mj dance as well as robot remains. It's cool to see it on TV but it's about 10x cooler to actually see these amazing dancers in front of you. Go see the show! Jabba!
5	Loved it!
3	Overall the show is decent.  I would not say that this is as good as any of the Cirque shows in Vegas though (I've seen them all).  The dancing seems to get a little repetitive and you end up seeing some of the same moves repeated.  Though the temporary theater has some nice A/C the seat sizes are just way too small.  The last few rows of the show were not sold out so I actually decided to go sit in a row by myself because rubbing shoulders is not my idea of a good show experience.
5	This show blew me away I use to be a bboy back in the day so I was already a little bias but after watching the show with my wife who isn't a break dancer it totally exceeded my expectations. My wife loved the show more than I did. There is so much more than dancing, its funny, creative and a lttle story telling as well. I cant say enough If I could afford it I would watch this show everytime I went ot Vegas.
5	I just recently went to see their show at the Monte Carlo resort and casino,I loved it,it consist of like 12 dancers they have such high energy,they did flips,hip-hop dance,and even brought audience members on stage to participate.they wore these white masksto cover there faces and didn't speak they talked with body gestures and dance,I took my 15 year old and my 9 year old,so it is great for all ages A+++++++++++
3	I agree with other reviewers who thought the beginning parts of the show was a bit slow. I think it just didnt flow as smoothing as it could have. Not to mention the seats should be staggered from row to row. I had the honor of sitting behind a woman with a huge friggin head which i couldnt tell if it was from her hair or from her grape.The crowd interaction skits i took as little breaks in the show to allow the others to take a rest, they were funny at times but seemed to drag on. Near the end with it REALLY got down they REALLY put it down which made an amazing show.All and all i'd rather have the last 45 minutes and call it quits instead of the show in it's entirety.
4	After wanting to see this for awhile, I finally convinced the hubs to come with me. He's not into shows and vegas lifestyle, but he enjoyed it. We got to sit in 3rd row, so couldnt complain. I loved the beginning skit and I love the fact that they can get the crowd laughing without having to say a word. Great show, great dance moves, great music. Man, I wish I could dance that good.
3	The Jabbawockeez show is about the inspiration of how sound and movement come together...I just didn't expect that inspiration to include so many comedy skits and breaks between dancing.  When this crew dances, they have your attention 100%.  Unfortunately, there are so many breaks in between dancing segments that the show doesn't maintain any real momentum and energy until the last 1/3 of the show.The creativity and energy put into creating this show is quite visible from the dance routines, and does not fail to impress.  For me the highlight of the show was the segment with the giant equalizer in the background that lit up to the beat of the music and movements of the dancers; very cool setup that truly brings together the theme of harmony between sound and movement, and having it expressed in such a visual manner.  The final acts with mixed the comedy and dancing as they played everything from James Brown, to Beyonce, to New Kids on the Block, with the crew dancing to each piece.  When the entire crew is onstage, it's amazing to see their energy all at once.In between the dancing segments, things really dragged for me.  There was some comedy and audience interaction that I thought was inserted to allow the dancers time to change costumes.  But several of these segments lasted much longer than a costume change should take, and took away any momentum that had been built up in the previous routine.  There are laughs to be had, but I felt they could be tightened up into shorter segments.  Another thing that could be improved is the seating arrangement.  Seats aren't stadium seating, so if someone tall is sitting in front of you you'll be leaning left and right a lot to try to see what's happening on stage.If you're going specifically for the dancing, the parts that are good absolutely shine and are exciting to see, but they are separated by large enough gaps that the energy of the entire show suffers.  For entertainment value, I think it's a fun show with clean humor and good dancing that an entire family can enjoy together.
4	High energy break dancing, a concurrent theme and some comedy with audience participation kept me entertained for an hour and a half. It started off a bit slow, but then built to a robust routine. What I liked about it was the industrial feel of the stage, lights and music with ambiguous beat-like poetry readings. It was young, fresh, creative, and those Jabbawockeez can really move! They even integrated a melange of songs, such as "Singing in the Rain" routine updated with a techno back-beat. The tent venue at Monte Carlo was ok... small theater with good vision from everywhere (but sitting further back gives a more comprehensive picture), but the seats were really uncomfortable and way too close together.
3	I'm really torn on how I should write this review. Those moves, that swag, Jabbawockeez always manage to get me all excited in every way imaginable ...hehehe. Le sigh, but sadly I just cannot say that I absolutely loved every part of their show. It was good, the music selection was bomb, but there was just too many fillers moments that wasn't as entertaining. I loved them on MTV's ABDC because of their crisp, in-sync choreography but I feel like I just didn't get that same result in the show. There were moments in the show where they tried to be comedic and add that Vegas flair, but it honestly just lead me to paying more attention to my phone and checking the time more often than usual. I wish they'd sell a Jabbawockeez soundtrack to the show because every song just made me want to get up and dance with them. Although it got me movin in my seat, the music did get loud at some points too.On a lighter note, they're still AMAZING at what they do, I still got excited in every way throughout the whole show, and I'd still let them entertain me any given day. Maybe just not pay for it... By the way, theatre is very small so 'section C', the furthest from the stage, is not that far at all. Locals buy your tickets at Monte Carlo! Got section B that was originally starting at 78 for $60!
5	Winners of the first season of Best Dance Crew! In my opinion still is! A group of guys from the OC area created a group called the Jabbawockeez. Their moves and dancing techniques just blows you away!! The mask, the gloves and the wardrobe they have is just captivating! My future husband at the time had surprise me with ticket to see them at the Monte Carlo, 4th row yo! Awesome show, costume was great, kept me laughing, kept me wondering, music was excellent and it was 1.5 of pure entertainment! I wanted to see the baby wockeez of the group but she wasn't at the show. =( Good for all ages!
5	I was so excited when my cousin said we got tickets to see the Jabbawockeez... Upon arriving it is kinda confusing were to go. But follow the white tent located outside the Monte Carlo. Although it looks small inside is quite big....They had an opening act. I totally forgot the guys name.. He is a painter ... A really good/entertaining painter... I think he is from America's got talent. An who..The JABBAWOCKEEZ were so awesome... I loved evey skit ... move.. story... song.. beat...moment...EVERYTHING.. I could watch and cheer them for hours..I hope next time I'm in Vegas I can see them again.. They are the number 1 dance crew.. eva!!! lOve them
1	Well I'm sad to write this review, but I was astounded at how horrible this show has gotten. I went last month and raved to my friends about what a great show it was. Needless to say I felt horrible after the show and bought several rounds of drinks to make up for the 90 minutes we wasted at Jabbawockeez. The show was moved into a tent in the parking lot of the Monte Carlo with the smallest stadium seats I've ever seen. Seriously I'm not a big person and I was on top of my friends. Kids fit nicely in the teeny tiny seats but that's about it. The performers were not Jabbawockeez! It appeared that they went and hired some semi-professional entertainers and threw a show together. The acts were all different too with zero audience interaction! The lack of audience participation might not seem strange if I hadn't already saw and enjoyed this show multiple times prior, but the show thrived on this factor and it's gone.In conclusion I will not be recommending this show anymore, not even with comp tickets!
3	3.5   This will be a short review. The venue, was  oooooook because it was in a large circus tent and the bathrooms were outside BLAH, plus the rain didn't make it better! The seats were somewhat comfy. Kind of like baseball stadium seating.  The music they used was BOMB! Made me wanna get up and start pop lockin. What really made it a 3 star was some of the moves I saw on the show weren't as tight in person. Like the build up to a Transformer was a little loose :(  I figured since this was their later show they were a lil sleepy(Hehe.)    I would still see them again, because I love them that much. I will go to an earlier show next time :)
3	I rate this show a 3 because Jabbawockeez has the potential to be a great  show, BUT what you get is a series of great performances that stop right when they get started and leave you wanting more. The beat starts, the dance starts and right when you get into it, they immedately change into a different routine. I left wanting more. Also, for a show of this caliber they need to invest more into an actual theater showroom. I saw this show behind the Monte Carlo in a circus tent. Pretty Lame.Reccomended family show -mostly-. (However be forewarned, they do include a questionable bit with a woman from the audience supposedly having sex behind a close door with one of the performers. You don't see it but it is implied.)
5	I absolutely LOVED it!  I watched them when they were on ABDC-MTV.& Seeing them perform in person was spectacular.  Great show & a definitely MUST-SEE!.  I would love to watch them again!
5	Tip: Any seat would be ok in this small venue... the show is amazing! funny. fun to watch. makes you wanna get up and dance.
4	Great show for a younger crowd and a lot of fun.  Dance, comedy, special effects.  Definitely check it out.
3	Went to a Jabowockeez show-got some locals discount tickets and decided to check it out with some friends after seeing them on American Idol. Got our tickets earlier in the evening and wandered around till it was time to check the show. I like to dance, and wanted to see some other dancer's in action. Don't pay for full price tickets if you don't have too, there's lots of coupons in those books in those taxi cabs, at half price booths on strip and a free upgrade or discount in some cases for locals wanting to see the show. We poured over the seating chart earlier in the night, but when we got in, it pretty much looked like the same view from just about everywhere in the medium sized theater. Save your money on higher tier seats and have more fun spending it on the strip. There were a few points where the Jabowockeez kind of came into the crowd,  but the seats we had were almost as good as sitting in the front row which was honestly kind of low in vision compared to the seats more aligned with the stage. The show was good, though shorter in time that I thought it would be. I was more interested in seeing the free style dancing rather than choreographed moves that I ended up seeing. I barely watched Amercian Idot, but I had to see the Jabowckeez for myself because I respect their dancing abilities. The stage special effects were pretty standard, but the dancers were all pretty good.. At first you  will think that there are only like 6-8 dancers, but by the end of the show, your convinced there has to be like 20 dancers backstage because of how many different times they pop out of nowhere. All in all a great show, pretty happy I went. Hope that helps!Cheers!~MikeB
3	My friend and I watched Jabbawockeez when they were on ABDC so we KNEW we had to check out their performance at Vegas. I believe our tickets were $75-$90 or somewhere around there but you have to check out a show when you are in Vegas. We didnt know if we should pay more for closer seats or just to sit upstairs. The venue is pretty small so I think any seats would be ok. Save yourself some money and get the cheap seats.The intro has one Jabbawockee interacting with the front row and just being silly. Then it transitions to the whole crew performing and doing skits. I dont want to give too much away because spoiling the show wouldnt be fair but I was slightly disappointed. They did more comical acts than the dancing you would expect on Americas Best Dance Crew. They did some of their fancy dancework but not what you and I were thinking. The skits are funny and all but you want to see all those intense isolations and precise dance moves. Overall it was fun to go to and experience. I always wondered if the original dance members are performing or they are the replacements. You will never know because they never take off their mask but I sure hope they are the original members who were on the show.**TIPS**1) No cameras or videos allowed during the actual performance. You can take photos during the beginning when there is audience participation.2) Expect more comedy than the ABDC moves.3) Enjoy!
5	We attended the opening night of the new Jabbawockeez show and absolutely loved it, including our almost five year old son.  Cozy new theater at Luxor and all of the multimedia, lighting and effects were terrific.  The show was entertaining from start to finish (90 minutes), at times funny and very engaging with the audience.  Some "acts" were definitely better than others but overall it was definitely enjoyable.
5	I just saw the new show of the Jabbawockeez at Luxor tonight. I have to say that my expectations were not to high but I just leave the theater so happy and impressed with the talent of these dancers. I was expecting a show with all dancing in a way these kids do it, but I was really surprised that the show has more than dancing, it has a sense, it has a kind of a story, a way you feel identify with the artist. I love the concept of duality in life, like white & black... I don t know if all the audience got the hidden message on the show, but I was really impressed of the message of the show and that goes more than just an incredible dance routine. If you want to be impressed, to have a great 75 minutes a totally different way, don t think twice and go an see the JABBAWOCKEEZ. I thought at the beginning: " These guys are in Vegas with a show as a product of a TV show.." now I see I was totally wrong, now they are part and they won their place in The Strip!
5	Great show, I am not really into this kind of thing usually but my girlfriend wanted to really go see it.  I had saw these guys before on tv and thought they were good, but the new prism show is just awesome.  Much better than i was expecting. I have seen quite a few Vegas shows and this one is right up there.
4	It's not you, it's me..(potental partial spoilers... I'm just trying to be safe b/c Game of Thrones got me worried about "spoilers")I've been a Jabba fan since before ABDC, so for me to finally catch their show in Vegas was very exciting to me. I guess my hopes were too high for the show b/c I really want to give this show 5 stars, I just can't. Don't get me wrong, the show was still very, very entertaining and I would probably watch it again.  The beginning of the show with the JanitorWockee was funny as hell.  He knew how to riff and play with the incoming crowd and had me laughing. The show was solid but nothing really made me say "oooooh" like their old routines or even their HHI routine.  They did a little Harlem Shake set which was fun, and a Gangnam Style set which I could have done without, but I get it, sometimes you gotta put in what is recognizable. What I really, really, loved about the show was that they added a set from their pre-ABDC routines. It's always fun to try to guess which of the Wockeez were which, but there were a lot of perfromers, not just the 8 current members. I would like to think that at the very least, I could differentiate between the current squad and the non Jabba members, so when the main 8 weren't on the stage, it wasn't as entertaining to me. OKOK.. I've  complained for 3 paragraphs and you're probably asking yourself, why such a high rating?  Welp, IT'S STILL THE EFFING JABBAWOCKEEZ. The only current dance crew I would pay to watch their show in Vegas . I really believe this non-five star rating is all me and in my head and completely not the Jabbawockeez's fault. So go buy tickets and experience it for yourself. The theater is very intimate so you'll always have a good view. If you go, you'll definitely be entertained.
4	Prism has more cool factor than wow factor. We were 2nd row, house left, middle of the row, which was close and comfy, but not a wonderful viewing angle. I would suggest sitting at least row 5 or in the middle to properly view the choreography. the theater had an excellent sound system and screens instead of backdrops which, for a show that just came out, had outdated computer animation and art. I liked the attempt at a cohesive story and some of the miming bits, but still was left wanting more diversity in the dance numbers or more use of props to change things up.I was also taken aback by the amount of silence in the show. Song editing was sporadic and often just tiny clips inserted awkwardly into the silence. It was clear there wasn't the money or know-how to make the sound flow smoothly. Of all my complaints, this, oddly, was my biggest one. All things considered we had a good time, and I want to say nice things about it, but I just can't rave about anything other than dancing, which was a little less wow-y than I expected, but wonderful none the less.
5	Ok, I rarely give out the 5 stars as I don't want to be overly excited about everything that I love but this show (the one at luxor) was just awesome.I'm 34 and it kept me engaged, laughing and wanting more pretty much the entire time.The great thing about the show is how dynamic it is and I think it appeals to a wide age range so it's very universal.  There's great music, movement, creative content and energy.It's definitely a unique show in comparison to most of the shows on the strip and one not to be missed!
5	What an awesome show!!!  From beginning to end they incorporate the audience into their act and make you feel part as if you are part of the show.  They go through the crowd and engage the audience with non verbal gestures that are just hysterical.  There are even some parts of the show where the whole cast is running around in the audience going crazy.  The music and lighting for the show is top notch and has been really well thought out for the performance.  Just imagine watching a 2 hour episode of Americas best dance crew with only Jabbawockeez nonstop craziness.  I really have to give it up to these super talented Jabbawockeez crew members that are just awe inspiring with all the dance skills that they possess.  I guarantee you will leave the show with a smile.
5	My husband has been a fan of the Jabbawockeez since their win on America's Best Dance Crew years ago. We were excited to see they had a new show in a new theater at Luxor and got 4th row tickets for our June visit.The theater looks great. The seats are comfortable and there is plenty of leg room. Like most Vegas theaters, it had an intimate feel. With the scope of the performances, we thought maybe moving back a couple rows would have made sense.The variety of music was impressive. It starts with a song from WillyWonka and the Chocolate Factory and moves from the Temptations to 2 Chains to Queen and everything in between. The dancing is, as you would expect, impressive, but there are also some cool visual gags as well, including one inspired by Super Mario.The show is also full of humor with plenty of jokes (although maybe one too many about gas...). The Harlem Shake gag is particularly memorable. There is a little bit of audience participation, but it doesn't take away from the show. This is definitely recommended for anyone who enjoys a high energy performance. You'll likely respond with a standing ovation like we did!
2	Confession time: I'm a Jabbawockeez nut.  I'm part of their fan club, I liked them on Facebook, I bought presale tickets to their new show at The Luxor the first day they were available.  I went to Vegas to go see them.  I was super psyched but the experience wasn't what I fully expected.The theater is tiny and the stage is pretty big.  I sat stage left, first row, about 6 seats  from the left aisle.  The viewing area was not great, it wasn't even good, ok it was really bad.  If you know the Jabbawockeez, they like to do a lot of formations, tutting--- things that look fantastic if they're directly in front of you but looks terribly awkward from the side.  I missed 80% of the show.  To top if off, the show was 80 minutes long-- and only half of that was dancing.  They tried to incorporate a weak story line and add a comedic element to the show.  Sorry guys but the jokes were not that funny.  The only only only saving grace was that they came down at the end of the show to shake hands otherwise I would've given this show only 1 star.  I'm a really disappointed fan and needed to vent.
5	I absolutely loved this show. My husband, daughter, and I went to the 7pm show and were immediately upgraded to a better seating location. There isn't really a bad seat in the venue however, if you have a little one the view is much better in the center. Jabbawockeez show is the perfect balance of dance, comedy, and crowd interaction. If you are a vegas show enthusiast then the Jabbawockeez is a must see. Bonus...It ended with a surprise...
5	Fantastic show! Visually stunning and also very funny.We got our tickets through Tix for Tonight so our $99 tickets ended up being about $75 each...BUT once we got to the ticket office at Luxor we saw that they are offering a deal of 2 shows for $75. I would totally have rather gone for this deal because we also ended up seeing Carrot Top (who was fabulous!). But either way we saved some $$. The other thing also was that if the Jabbawockeez theater is not full, the ushers will move everyone up closer to the stage, so even if you get cheap tickets you may end up with a "free upgrade." This kind of made me bummed since we bought more expensive tickets. But whatever. The show was worth it.So the show itself as I said was really awesome. These guys are amazing dancers--but the show is not all dancing. They have choreographed a whole story line, so it is almost (or I suppose is) a modern musical play. They dance and act to many different modern songs, and to watch how these guys can move is just amazing. There is a laser light show in some parts as well. The actors interact with the audience at several points, which really brings you into the action even more. They come out into the audience and walk around and climb over everyone, which is really cool. The whole time they have their masks on and they are acting in pantomime, never speaking, but you can always tell what they are "saying." It is so cool. And the show is really funny. Rated PG I would say for very mild adult-type humor related to ogling boobs and getting married and going into a hotel room after. Definitely not lewd or racy though. I would bring my kids no problem, but you might be more conservative than me.I have seen at least 10 different Vegas shows and this is one of my favorites. I look forward to seeing what they do next!
5	Intimate venue .  800 seatsonly 16 rows deepLast row is 40' from stageBuy tix from Tix4Tonight for great pricesWe had perfect seats... Center Stage, Last Row.  It's such a small theater that even the last row feels up close and personal.  And, being in the last row, we were able to sit up high and not disturb anyone behind us :-)You definitely don't want to be on the sides, you'd miss so much.I do wish there was more dance time.  I felt like the video vignettes were to buy time... like, maybe the guys were tired and needed to rest or something.  When they did dance, it was amazing.There was a fun segment where they pulled up different audience members and incorporated them into the show.  And, they ran up and down the aisles so we got to see them up close and give high fives.There were some awkward silent moments because they obviously don't talk but they're trying to communicate with the audience through gestures.But... I'm such a fan I'm giving them 5 stars.  I generously rounded up from 4.5.  I hope they have a long standing show in vegas.  They're so brilliant that they've always used masks so they can easily infuse young talent as the original members phase out.Go see the Jabbawockeez before all the original members are gone!
4	Wonderfully skilled dancers.  I was excited to see they are from San Diego, but perhaps they should come back and perform in SD so we could go more often.  I would only recommend updating some of the older stuff - although the dancing is amazing, some of the music could be updated.  I suppose maybe it is maintained because of the varied audiences, which makes sense.  They are a great dance team, no doubt.
5	Awesome show! Only wish it could've lasted longer. The show isn't just dancing like on abdc. They've created essentially skits telling stories to go along with the incredible moves. If you're a fan of bboy moves, check it out! Check the kiosks on the street for discounted tickets.
5	I had seen the Jabbawockeez' old show twice with my daughter, and loved it, so I jumped at the chance to buy tickets for the new show. I called it a "graduation present" to my daughter and my niece who just graduated from the 8th grade, but everyone knew I was the most excited. I was a bit worried because we had already seen them twice, but the new show was AWESOME! From the minute we walked into the theater we were totally entertained. For some reason, the 2nd time we saw them they did not take their masks off at the end of the show, so this time we went crazy when they took their masks off. Not only did I walk out a bigger fan than I was already, but now I'm looking back at all of the SuperCr3w videos too because they were amazing too!Favorite moment: The unmasking :)
4	Hubby and I really enjoyed the show.  About 20 min before it started they had a few preformers out interacting with the audience.  There was story lines mixed in with dancing and about the middle of the show they started interacting with the audience where picked memebers became part of the transission to finish the show
5	I saw them Thursday night! These guys are already amazing on tv and are 10x more amazing in person! I love the size of the venue because you feel close to them from any seat. I don't know why people would want a large venue and watch them from a far. It's perfect the way it has been built. From beginning to end the Jabbawockeez were super entertaining with dancing, storytelling and comedy. I love, love, love the combination of all three. Some people are complaining that there wasn't enough dancing, if you only want to see them dance go to a dancing convention! I also like that they got the audience involved. I can't wait to go back to Vegas and watch them again, it will be one of my must do's each time I'm in Vegas! It's great for all ages. My little 4 year old cousin and grandparents even loved the show and they didn't know who they were before they watched it.
2	I have to admit I never saw them on AGT but I think this show just wasn't for me. The dancing was okay but didn't blow me away at all. Most importantly, I didn't really get the humor at all. I thought some of the skits were downright sophmoric, like the farting skit (really?).  I also thought alot of the skits where they interact with the audience were kinda dull and not very funny. I'm giving it two stars cuz some of the people around me clearly enjoyed it.  It seems they have a lot of fans in the audience but if you're not already a fan I wouldn't recommend it. If you do want to see this show I'd try to find discount tix cuz it defintely wasn't worth the $70 face value. :-\
5	LOVED THE SHOW! Great audience participation - we were thoroughly entertained from start to finish! These men can dance!!! I've been a long time fan since they won the first season of ABDC. Better venue, location and dance numbers than their last show MUS.I.C @ the Monte Carlo. Will be back in Oct. for sure!!
5	we had so much fun watching this. Great Job guys!!!
5	I am not hip, to say the least. I know this,  my friends and family know this. So when I say that I didn't know about 5/6 of the songs which the Jabbawockeez danced to, you just gotta believe me. Despite not knowing the majority of songs, I was pleasantly amused and entertained by this show. I was somewhat familiar with the Jabbawockeez but never really watched them before. From the very beginning before the show even started, one of the dancers were already out there to entertain, and they interacted well with the audience. Some other things to note, try to go for the center seats, as the side seats made certain dance segments harder to see. They weaved the latest trends: Gangnam Style and the Harlem Shake, along with some nostalgia of Mario and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. These all made for such a great show that had an actual storyline to it, and needless to say I am a new fan.
4	An eclectic mix of  hip-hop, electronica, rock, and a high school physics class, this show is a lot of fun and more-or-less family friendly.  The dancers were amazing and involved the audience frequently.  It's hard not to get into the show and start dancing (or attempt to at least).   It's also a great bargain and there are no bad seats in their new theater.
3	I wasn't sure how to rate this show, as I've seen it twice, and I had a very different experience each time. The first time was about 1.5 years ago when it was at Monte Carlo. At the time, I thought it was innovative and funny and high-energy. Now that it moved to Luxor, I was eager to see the improvements, but I am sad to say that it's not as good as before. It wasn't as funny as before.  They kept some of the same dances and changed some others. I enjoyed it, but it's no longer at the top of my recommendation list. I do like the music and the energy level, but I still think the show was better before. If you're someone who has an interest in dancing and beats and energy, it's worth checking out once, especially if you get discount tickets.
2	I so wanted to LOVE this show as much or more than I loved their show that they previously had at the Monte Carlo, but it didn't even compare.  It's a nice venue, but oddly enough, when the music isn't playing...it's more like a bad mime show.  I'm sorry Jabba's if you are reading this.  I love you guys, but your show lacked the finesse and precision you had in your previous show.  No body was in sync and there were only a couple of moves that looked new and original.  I purchased 7 tickets, and out of the 7 people that came with me, only one person said they loved it and even they said you could have been "crisper".  The theme of the show was beyond my understanding and the music, although the most amazing sound system ever...was just mediocre as far as musical choice.  All that aside though, I wish they would go back to your old format because the previous show was 5 stars! This show...it was hard giving it two. :(One cool thing they did do though was at the end of the show, all the Jabbawockeez take off their masks and you finally get to see up close who they really are. That was super cool and made it more personal.The cost of the ticket were super steep in my opinion for what was given. BUT...because I've seen them at their best, I'd probably see them again if they changed their show.  I know they have it in them to be amazing...it just wasn't this show.Disappointed for now...but hoping for the best,
5	Update- just saw these guys at Luxor. They still rock. So entertaining. Love, love, love.
5	I've been wanting to see this show for a long time now. I had read a lot of great reviews and was hoping "prism" would not disappoint. Well, it didn't. As a matter of fact, it was freaking amazing! Loved the funny and quirky acts along with awesome interaction with the audience. They're breakdancing is superb and I would definitely come back for round to. Good time, good music, good show!
5	Definitely a must see show while you are in Vegas.  High energy dancing and not just to hip hop either.  Good for older kids and adults.  Went with my husband and had a great time.  I don't want to give away what's in the show, but if you enjoyed them on America's got talent then you will enjoy them here.  We were seated in row FF in section 203. We had a pretty good view.  Honestly, no matter where you sit you will have a good seat.
3	Let me start by saying that I am a huge fan of jabbawockeez!  I LOVE jabbawockeez! I even dressed up as one for Halloween one year... But I was a little disappointed in their show.  If you are looking for the jabbawockeez from abdc, then forget watching this show Bc you will be disappointed.  They collaborated with super crew and from the dancing you can tell who's a real jabbawockee and who's not. When I think of jabbawockeez I think of precise and crisp movements that is beautifully and flawlessly choreographed into a number to "mystify the mind" - Unfortunately, they were not so crisp or precise during most of their ripple effects.  Some hit their movements big and some not so big. It was very off and not at all uniform.  I don't know if it's Bc we caught the 930 second show and they were all tired, but they did not look like 1 team. It was very obvious there was 2 teams on stage. The music is great. I loved and enjoyed their selection - however it was unnecessarily loud. I found their mute comical skits more enjoyable and entertaining then the actual dancing. Some skits are a but juvenile, but regardless you'll get a chuckle out of it.  I don't know if nappytaps choreographed everything but i much prefer the creativity jabbawockeez bring on their own as they did on abdc. I'm still trying to figure out the story. We had great seats on the aisle row in section 101. Our tix were about $100 each. I would recommend seating center rather than off to the side regardless of how close you are to the stage. So all in all... I still watch reruns of jabbawockeez on YouTube Bc they are awesome... If you dont know squat about dancing and jabbawockeez then you may enjoy the show... but to me, This show was lacking. I would not recommend this show and I would not watch it again.  But I still love Kevin brewer!!!!!!! I believe he played the white character??
1	This was a terrible show.  There wasn't much dancing, and what little there was, was unremarkable.  A cheerleader competition has more synchronized dancing and better footwork than Jabbawockeez did.  The audience involvement portion was painstakingly slow and awkward.  The "story", and I refer to the word "Story" lightly, to tie it all together was so loose it barely made sense. The show was filled with 8 year old boy farting humor, which was appropriate for the 8 year old boys in the audience but I wasn't amused at all.Save yourself the money and go watch this group on You Tube.  This is the worst Vegas show I've seen and I doubt it will last much longer.
2	I came in open minded having seen a few of their vids on YouTube.  I was entertained for maybe 5 minutes of the show.  I can see how the dancing takes a high level of skill, but it's just not executed as well as you'd think it should be.The storyline is lacking and left me confused.  There's a little bit of audience participation, which was entertaining.  And the humor just wasn't there.  Fart noises aren't funny beyond age 10.
5	These guys rock.  Very talented and great music as well.  Super dudes.  This is a must see the next time in Vegas.  Definitely worth seeing again.
3	I have always admired the Jabbawockeez for their smooth pop and lock moves and synchronization. I came here with my group of friends and we bought the tickets from the ticket discount vendors and for $68, we were able to get decent seats. Onto the show itself, from the beginning you can tell this was going to be a show with a lot of audience involvement. The MC had different audience members attempt to get a ball with a string into the cup (forgot what that thing was called). Comical at the expense of the volunteers. XD.The dance moves were smooth and well thought out. However, the pacing of the show felt off. Some sets were amazing while some were a bit flat. I think after a few years and night in and night out, the Jabba's have lost their passion. Furthermore, one of the audience participation involving a female assistant took way too long and considering the show is 75 minutes and 15 minutes involved her... it was disappointing. The high light was the colored jabbawockeez and the low light was the dragged out audience participation. Overall, it was a decent show; however, the flare that they used to have on ABDC is now gone. :/
3	Originally 4 stars. Minus 1 star for unnecessarily long audience participation.I was super excited to see the Jabbawockeez with a group of friends. We ended up buying the tickets the day of the performance for $68. I highly recommend going to those discount ticket booths that are either near casinos or on the Strip.Before the show started, a dance member began an introduction to "warm up" the crowd by performing tricks and involving the audience. Once the show started, there were combinations of awesome music, humor, choreography, and a storyline. Overall, the whole performance was a sweet treat. However, I would mention that a drawback to the show was when the dance members grabbed an audience member to participate on stage. The whole process was a bit drawn out and kind of took away the show in general. This probably took about 20-25 minutes, of which I wished the Jabbawockeez had performed another hip hop number instead.But other than that, the venue is pretty spacious but also can allow for a more intimate showing.
4	Any shows that incorporate sci-fi, classic super Mario music, booty shaking hip-hop and awesome break dancing is a win in my book. Prepare for some loud music and a lot of cool laser visuals, these guys will make you laugh, say "awww," they'll make you get up and do a little booty shaking in your seat! Go see this show! It's totally awesome. Just be warned though: the music is a little bit too loud for those of us who are not youngsters anymore.
5	We absolutely loved the show! My friend and I were both big fans of the group from their MTV show and were excited to see them at Luxor. They did not disappoint, the show was hilarious (had us laughing out loud) and their dance skills/choreography are amazing!!! The audience participation was funny and they also had everyone out of their seats dancing along with them. I thought it was great that they seem to incorporate the latest big hits into their routine (loved their "Car" scene to I'm Different by 2Chainz). I would def recommend this show to others!! If you are looking for laughs, good music and good dancing...you need to check out the Jabbawockeez!!!
4	*I'm pretty sure the Jabbawockeez read their Yelp reviews.  I've seen them "Tweet" a couple of them on Twitter.  So even though I'm taking a star off, if you guys are reading this, know that I'm still a supporter and it's still all love!*I finally got to see PRiSM their new show at Luxor and couldn't help but compare it to their old show Mus.I.C. at MGM/Monte Carlo.  Why I'm taking a star off:- Their new theater didn't seem to have as "grand" a feeling as their old one at Monte Carlo.  Stage and sets felt less "grand" as well.- The show had a slow start whereas the old one in my opinion started with a very exciting and energetic routine that really set the tone for the show.- I missed a lot of the old yet familiar, fun songs they danced to at Monte Carlo (PYT, Ice Ice Baby, Baby Got Back, The Right Stuff, Lost Without You, Apologize, Viva La Vida, Single Ladies, Selfish, Boom Boom Pow, Somebody's Watching Me, Freakazoid, etc.)- There was a segment with what felt like really outdated songs  - Gangnam Style and Harlem Shake.  It felt sooo 2012/early 2013 lol.  Some songs/dances remain classics; these to me were just fads.  - There is a preshow involving some audience members and kendama.  It's entertaining to watch these people try and get the ball into the cup but I do miss the fun and silliness of their old preshow.  - Rather than spread their audience participation out it's all clumped together in the middle of the show now.  They've also taken part of the old routine involving a Jabbawockee painter and an audience member and combined it with the routine where they bring a girl up on stage, which made that part feel extra long.  It seemed better for pacing when audience participation was spread out.- I miss the Jabbawockee painter act!  It was so silly and the guy behind the mask is an excellent mime and the most versatile dancer in the show!  He (Do-knock)  is in the movie Battle of the Year - go check it out!  *end plug* lol- I got goosebumps with their final routine at Monte Carlo, but not with this one.  I really  feel like their show could end with more of a "bang."Also of note:For anyone interested in a VIP package, it is done differently now.  In the past you would get a seat up front, a goodie bag, and a private meet and greet with all the guys (with their masks off) after the show.  You also would get your picture taken with the guys by a professional photographer and for extra buy some printed copies.  I had done it and it was definitely worth it in my opinion.  It was good quality time and the guys were super friendly and fun, just really likeable guys behind the masks :)  Now VIP packages come with seats up front and a goodie bag, but the guys keep their masks on during the meet and greet and you take pictures with your own camera.  From pictures I've seen only 3-4 guys come out to meet you, and it's done in their lobby which is out in the open for everyone to see.  How do you know if you're getting the real deal, and how do they talk through their masks lol.  I have seen pictures of celebrities meeting the guys privately backstage with most if not all Jabbawockeez, and without their masks.  Wish it were done that way with us regular folk as well!I did take a star off but this show is still a good solid four stars because as Yelp would say, "Yay!  I'm a fan!"  The guys are very talented and I just enjoy watching them perform in person.  That is enough to keep me coming back.  I think some reviewers have said that the guys are not in sync but from what I saw the night I went their routines were pretty clean.  If you've seen Mus.I.C. but not PRiSM I recommend that you go see it as it is mostly a different show.  Also, go now as the original Jabbawockeez and Super Cr3w guys (as well as a few other guys I don't know) are currently performing in the show.  The guys take their masks off at the end!  I was worried that they might not because I read someone say awhile back that they only take their masks off if they get a standing O and it took awhile for people to get out of their seats during my show.  But they did :)  You will probably like the show more if you are a fan or are familiar with the Jabbawockeez and their dancing, but there were people of all ages and walks of life at my show and I saw grandma and grandpa laughing and smiling and having a great old time :)  The cool factor is there as well!  I went to their store to kill time before a dinner reservation a couple of months ago and ran into Jo Koy and Cris Judd right outside their theater, and it turned out Usher was already inside the theater and saw the show that night as well.  You'll be like all the cool kids when you go to the show haha :)
5	Tonight's show was amazing. My wife and I have been to 2 blue man group shows,  2 different cirque du soleil shows,  medieval times twice and a few other dinner shows and this was by far the most entertaining show we have seen yet. The way these guys brought the use of colors into their show took it from just a dance show and created art. These guys are amazing. If you come to Vegas and don't see this show you are seriously missing out.
5	I had wanted for a very long time to see the Jabbawockeez live, and I finally had my opportunity this past week in Vegas. Like many others I'm sure, I've loved this group since the America's Best Dance Crew days...I'm pleased to report that the Jabbawockeez are only MORE awesome now! If you're wondering, I'd say that the content of the show might be PG-13 in nature...probably fine for your tween unless you're a really over-sensitive parent. The pre-show gets things started off right, and the show itself is extremely entertaining. I'm not going to give away anything!
5	This show is in my top 5 favorite Vegas shows! I am in show business and have seen almost every show on the Strip and this one by far out ranks any Cirque or Celine I've ever seen. These guys are SO talented and the energy from start to finish is amazing. I never saw it at Monte Carlo so I don't have anything to compare it to but I think they hit the nail on the head with this one. The music, the moves, the themes, awesome. My boyfriend and I took his daughters for one of their birthdays and they absolutely LOVED it. A direct quote from the birthday girl herself "This is the best show EVER in the world!" I have to agree that's it's pretty phenomenal. I also really appreciate that they took a "variety" type act and made it into an entire show. A lot of acts from TV talent show fame have tried and failed but the Jabbas did it right. Can't wait to see it again!
4	Fun and entertaining. Medium sized theater made the action up close and personal. Different genres of dancing with a slight emphasis on hip hop. Congrats on their success from ABDC.
2	I am supremely disappointed. In comparison to the monte carlo show and Luxor, Monte carlo was hands down 5 stars!Luxor was boring half the time. Waste of $70 bucks!Please please please do more EDM and hip hop!No more kid friendly boring tunes. 5 stars to mus.I.c. and 2 stars to PRiSM.I KNOW they are awesome and talented, please show it! Will give them one last try if they ever come up with a different show, fingers crossed that it will be worth it.
5	Great, amazing show. BEST SHOW IN VEGAS. Its great to see asian reppin'. Highly recommended and worth the money.
5	I've been a fan of this group since they were on ABDC and was so excited when they toured AC last August with MusIC. I was excited when I saw they had a new show, Prism, at the Luxor hotel and just had to get tickets. The theater is rather small, but as a result, you're pretty close to the stage so there's not a bad seat in the house!I took my grandmother (who had no idea who they were) and she even had a great time. Between the show line, the fun antics, and the crazy audience participation, they once again brought a great show! And they even took off their masks at the end of the show, which was awesome as well!
5	They put on a great show & interact a lot with the audience.  Loved everything about the show.  Very entertaining & well worth the money spent on the tickets.
1	Big fan of Jabba Jabba Doo.  My wife surprised me w tix to the show this past weekend at Luxor and was definitely disappointed.  I guess due to copy rights, etc, they could not "bust it out" like they normally do at their past gigs.  Way too much audience involvement(agree one part of show they spent nearly 30 min with patron on stage)   Big, big, big, let down.  Agree with some of the other comments, they have lost some of their "Raw Magic" for sure.  I'm gonna go see "Michael Jackson's, the One.  Hopefully much better.     Save ur $ peeps, i'd rather watch them on Youtube and watch old ABDC episodes.....no joke.....
5	OMG was this show amazing! The performances were so intricate and unforgettable... They definitely didn't loose their spark and funny swag because I didn't stop laughing and smiling the whole time... The use of color and different characters they played, kept things interesting and everyone on their toes. Man I wish I could give this 6 stars because it was phenomenal. Everyone I came with thoroughly enjoyed themselves. I can't wait to go again and I hope I get picked to be one of the girls on stage lol P.S. Anyone who gave this an awful rating is a straight up hater! This is Vegas people! There has to be a lot of audience involvement because that's what this city is based on! Grown up and give credit where credit is due! Their was nothing on the stage that deserves less than 4 stars! I'm just saying!
5	Had such a fun night watching Jabbawockeez at Luxor. Bring your family along and be entertained: the music, lighting, and small skits were great! I ended up buying the album after the show because the music just blew me away. Currently have it in my car and it's been on repeat since. I recommend everyone to see this show, it's great!
4	What a fun show! Intimate venue so really any seat in the house is awesome. I would suggest getting the middle section if you have a choice but don't be deterred if you don't, it's still a great seat anywhere. Also, if the show doesn't sell out and you are in a farther row back, they will have you move up closer to the stage. We scored tix from Tix4Tonight the day of the show. The only thing you have to do is walk over and exchange the passes for tickets so there is an additional step but you save a good amount of money. Interactive, hilarious and fun. I have to admit I was expecting more "wow" factor since I was used to watching them on MTV's ABDC. However, it's not realistic that they go full throttle for over an hour various times a week to fulfill all the shows. So, they add a story to their dancing and this one is called Prism. It's definitely entertaining and you do laugh, dance and oooooooo & ahhhhhh throughout the show. There were two spots that gave me chills too. I really did enjoy this show and it's a great way to start your night on the town in Vegas.The bar outside offers themed drinks that the JABBAWOCKEEZ themselves created and named. Also, there is a merch store, you know, like Disney when you get off a ride. Themes, merchandise and shows... gotta love it!
5	What a great show!!!!!! They kept the audience engaged the entire time. Our seats were amazing. They are absolutely incredible with their dance routines. They say time flies when your having fun. The time fly with this great show. You could really tell how appreciative of their fans they are. I would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a fun show.
4	How did my 60+-year-old former boss get to watch Jabbawockeez before I did? I've been slacking obviously.ABDC's first winner, Jabbawockeez made Kangol cool again since back in the day when LL Cool J used to rock them K's while showing off his cakey (from deodorant) armpits. Prism is Jabba's new show. They got all colors of the rainbow, ROY G BIV. Now, I don't know what their old show was like but I know Prism was pretty dope.The theater is smaller compared to Cirque du Soleil's. Lights, loud music, choreography,  BBOY moves and audience participation. I've always thought the selected volunteers from the audience were planted. Until I got picked from the crowd to be with the Jabbawockeez front and center. It was unforgettable...well, I did forget parts of it since I had been drinking before the show but you get the point. I'm glad they didn't have me twerk since I don't get twerking and I will never be part of the twerk team. Booty shaking is ok.My favorite part was the video game reference. Super Mario Bros FTW! Aside from their signature moves, they also danced Gangnam Style, Dougie, Harlem Shake...they danced to one of my favorite Chris Brown song "Beautiful People".Concessions right outside the theater where you can get drinks (alcoholic and non-alcoholic), popcorn, etc. There's a gift shop with all Jabbawockeez stuff like DVD's, CD's, shirts, glasses, hoodies, etc. You can strike a pose in front of a mural or in front of the big white mask in front.Twerking not involved, so it's safe to bring yo kids! I'm glad I waited to see this show.
3	Maybe I hyped it up too much in my head and my expectations were too high after hearing my friends rave about it. There were definitely many different genres of songs that the show incorporates - new and old, rock to rap to video games. Loved the fact that they also had quiet a lot of audience interaction - some lucky ladies even get to be pulled on stage. I just wish that there was more break dancing and acrobatic flips, cartwheels, and tumbles. They only had break dancing and acrobatics for like 1 song.
5	AMAZING!! Hands down the best show in Vegas! Entertaining, exciting, spectacular from start to finish. The theater in the Luxor is small and the crew was so good about audience interaction. Loved every minute of it and I highly recommend seeing these guys preform! Amazing!!!
5	Awesome!!!!!The show was so much fun even my husband enjoyed it and he was skeptical at first.  I would go back to see them again. So fun.
5	I've love Jabbawockeez since I saw them on America's Dance Crew on cable! I was so glad I got to see this show... even better because my tickets were comped!!! They do something at this show that I have not observed at any other show... and it was awesome!! I had tickets in the back since they were comped... but since the theater wasn't filled, they MOVED ALL the people in the back sections to the middle center to not have seats lacking in between!! I thought that was awesome! It was like getting a free upgrade! I went from side back to center middle middle and ended up having a GREAT view of everything!!! Now, this theater is pretty small, so even in the back, I was still able to see... but who doesn't want to sit closer!!The show was awesome! Now, they didn't do that many hard core moves as I was expecting, but then when you think about it... how can they when the show is 1.5 hours! The dancing they did was great still and amazed me! I wish I could dance that well, or even half as well!! The show has a theme and it seemed to follow it pretty well, but I have to admit, I was a little confused at times because parts did seem a little random...  The show was also funny and they incorporated some audience members, so those sitting in the front are more likely to get picked. I loved all the colors they used!I think this is a must see show if you love dancing... if you don't, then I'm not so sure if you would like it. They also get the entire audience to participate and get up and dance! It is a smaller production also, so the effects and "wow" factor isn't quite what the big productions are, but I totally think the show is worth seeing!!I don't think this show sells out often since it probably doesn't have the same following as other shows... so if you buy a cheaper ticket in the back, there is a good chance you'll get moved up!As always, no pictures allowed DURING the show, but before and during the preshow, you are allowed to take pictures. No videos though... although I don't even know how they can tell...
4	What an awesome show!  I have to admit I went in expecting just an okay experience.  I loved them on America's Best Dance Crew but couldn't see how they could turn it into a 90 minute vegas show.  Boy was I wrong.  It was so cool.  The music was killer (we bought the soundtrack!) and the way they weaved a story into all the amazing dancing was so good!Everything about the show was awesome... music, dancing, graphics, small theater and then when they took off their masks at the end.  What a great and fun show!
3	Got free tickets to the show so I did not really know what to expect. I remembered seeing them on ABDC and thought they were pretty good. The black and white dressed dancer was pretty good as well as all the ROYGBIV ones. I felt like the ninja dancers were definitely not as good. It seemed like they took original crew which was really good and supplemented it with random vegas dancers who were not that great. The coolest part was when the ROYGBIV dancers first come out in "slow motion". The rest of the show seemed pretty repetitive.
2	Don't waste your money on this. The show is boring and has not real dance move like they had on Americas best dance crew. Total money Wasted
5	I'm scared to admit that I never watched America's Best Dance Crew!! But I've heard of Jabbawockeez so don't kill me!This is one of the best shows I have seen in Vegas. It was funny, entertaining, and made me want to get up and bust a move after it was done. Unfortunately seeing the show does not improve your dancing at all. Sad face. I loved the smaller theater. It was intimate and virtually every seat was a good seat.You've seen a bunch of Cirque shows while in Vegas, now go and see Jabbawockeez!!
4	PRIZM show review:My sister is a huge Jabbawockeez fan so when we finally went to Vegas together, I got us tickets to see them. I know almost zip about dance but if my sister wanted to go, we were going. I was pleasantly surprised and delighted with the show. Jabbawockeez is a very impressive group. They moved in ways I didn't know was possible. Everything was just so fluid and well choreographed. The theater was intimate so there was not a bad seat in the house. We even had our seats upgraded on the spot. Sweet!  My only qualm about the show is that it does look a little low budget in terms of light and effects. That aside, I could tell that the group worked hard and I thoroughly enjoyed the show. I wish that they could get the recognition they deserve as a world class act and get some better effects.
3	After seeing the Jabbawockeez on ABDC - they revitalized my love for B Boy battles and dance crews.  I will never be of their caliber however to see the techniques and the evolution of dance - they had me simply mesmerized on their on-screen performances.Recently I had the privilege of watching these guys (literally) up close and personal along side with their new co-stars Super Crew (also featured on ABDC).Looking at show prices - it was rather steep.  Luckily we got the hook up and so we checked out the show.  The venue was rather small which had its good and bad aspects (will review in a bit).  The stage was literally a hands reach from the first row.  Stadium style seating and in an orchestra format (circular around the stage).  So there really wasn't a "terrible" seat in the house.The nice thing about front row seating is how close you are to the dancing.  The down side is... how close you are to the dancing.  With the raised stage, you can't get the best view of the choreography because you are simply too close.  Also there is a bit of smoke machine action throughout the performance so getting smoke in the face can be bothersome to some folks.Outer edge seats still allows great views of the stage however based upon the formations of the dance moves, you simply don't get the best view or full effect of the choreography either.Best seat in the house would be center of the rows and about 10 rows back (which are the cheaper seats).The dancing was sub-par to my expectations.  There was very few technical moves or innovative moves that they (Jabbawockeez & Super Crew) displayed on ABDC.  For those who have never seen break dancing before I'd say it was "cool" but to have grown up around BBoys and seeing windmills, table tops, coin drops, etc - it wasn't anything worth mentioning.  The choreography in general was more fitting for a school talent show than it was for a "vegas head-liner"The music selection had quite a range of styles - some not some "age appropriate" for kids under 13.  And there was a terrible rattling from one of the center speakers throughout the show (assuming it was blown out).The good and the bad was the amount of audience interaction.  There was a lot of it.  Possibly a bit too much, given that the show is 1.5 hours long, If I had paid $120 for a ticket I would have liked to see dancing the entire time.  I'd say 30 minutes of the show was audience interaction which does keep people engaged but if I wanted to see that I would have gone to a variety/comedy show.  The show was fun and crowd pleasing - but did not live up to the standard that I had in mind.  The rest of the crowd overall seemed to love the show.  I on the other hand still had a good time but was far from "impressed"  I expected so much more as I know the potential and the innovation of both crews.
3	We checked out this show and overall was ok but not great. We noticed the dancing wasn't as "clean" as we've seen in the past. I don't know if the addition of another dance crew, SuperCrew, to their lineup detracted from their moves not being as clean but we thought it could've been better. Their choreographer for Prism is the husband/wife duo "NappyTabs" so had high expectations. We also noticed some "dead space" during some of the interactions with the audience members with no music playing. Overall we would've expected more but since they appeared to be trying to cater their show for the masses, it seemed like any other Vegas show that appeals to all ages.
1	Terrible show. We felt like we were at a Back Street Boys show. Not to mention, four old women screaming a their heads off next to us like they were 12. As for the show, I've seen better moves from homeless people on the strip. There were a few times they were in sync, but after seeing a bunch of professional shows this week, this show made me sick. Literally, I'm actually sick right now in my hotel room. Can I leave a zero star?
1	Not worth the money.  People sleeping in the audience. Seats are made for grade schoolers with no leg room at all. I was so unimpressed I left before the show ended.
1	I gotta say I love the Jabbawockeez, but this show really lacks a lot of dancing.  Most of it was audience participation, and child like jokes.  I am not paying to to participate in a show, I want to watch the amazing performances.  There were a few good moments, but not worth spending or buying a ticket to this show.  You can watch youtube videos of their past performances.  They exceed what is now currently at luxor.
5	This is one of the best shows I have seen in Vegas. I've seen the Jabbawockeez on TV but never really knew much about them except that they wore masks and were really great dancers. And the show did not disappoint.It had a really great pace and was entertaining the entire time. Their mix of music, story telling, pop culture, social observation, and humor blended very well and kept me engaged the entire time. Time flew and by the end of it I was sad to see it end (but in reality it ended at just the right time, before I started to get bored).  The choreographed dancing combined with the humor and story telling was really impressive, it reminded me of the silent comedies that were popularized by Charlie Chaplin back in the early days of film.  If you like that sort of thing I would definitely recommend the Jabbawockeez show.
4	Never seen Jabbawockeez when it was on whatever show it was on before they got their own show. And while watching TV, you would never catch any dancing shows on my screen. In fact we only watched this show because we got it for free from playing myVegas. So I had no expectation of what we were about to see.We sat to the right of the stage. This is not one of those Cirque shows where every seat in the theater is a good seat. Nothing was blocking our view however when they did perform lining up one behind the other (so it made it seem like there was only one person on stage & guys pop out from behind) the effect didn't work So when buying tickets make sure you get the center section; doesn't matter if it's the last row in the theater, as long as it's in the center section you will appreciate the performance more.Similar to the Blue Man Group, this is one of those shows where it can be enjoyed by all. The message is easily conveyed through gesture. There were parts where there were speaking but that was minimal. The show used a variety of songs. Some old some new, something for everyone. The dancing was definitely entertaining. I wasn't bored for one minute. It was also very funny. There were parts where audience participation was incorporated into the show. Whether it was selecting someone to go on stage or just simply having everyone stand up, everyone seemed to be having fun.And at the very end of the show, all the dancers come out and take off their mask. (I thought they never took it off?) If I have the opportunity I would definitely see the show again. But this time I am sitting in the center!THE MUST:-Buy tickets for the center seating. Don't buy the seats to the right or left. Make sure you're looking at the stage dead on.-Use the restroom before going in. Even though the show is 90 minutes the restroom is outside of the theater.
3	I had pretty good seats about 3 rows back in the center area. The seats are very small. I felt they are smaller than most venues. I saw larger people literally spilling over seats and the guy next to me was practically on top of me. The sounds was way too loud and my ears hurt after. I would suggest bring ear plugs. The show was average. The other reviews on site were on point. It was kinda cheesy and seemed to be pointed at kids or  family. The dancers were good but I wanted more. It was like I was waiting for the big wow. They did pretty good about interacting with the crowd. I would pay around 45 for the tickets but not much more.
5	I just left this show and I couldn't wait to get home to talk about it. The show was fabulous! I am definitely a fan! It is nice to see a group of young men make it big. I enjoyed watching them on TV as well. The show had good music, lights, and graphics. They interacted with the crowd well as they pulled people from the audience before and during the show, to go on stage. It is a great show to bring your kids. They were humerous and their show had a good message. I am not into buying souvenirs, but I bought a t-shirt from the gift shop that is conveniently located next to the show. I left the show feeling great and I would definitely see them perform again. The only thing that I would suggest is to buy the cheapest tickets because the theatre is small and I believe one could see from any angle. Also, maybe a little more dancing could have been included in the show. Overall, it was an excellent show and I hope the Jabbawockeez are proud of themselves as their fans are proud of them.
4	As far as shows go in Vegas, this was top-notch. Great costumes, music, plot-line, and dance moves. There was a lot of effort that went into the production, a lot of love. The guys love what they do and love performing. They also interact with the audience which was great. It's fun for the whole family and I would definitely see it again. I wanted to get up and dance most of the time. Only suggestion: bring earplugs. The volume level is insanely high. I gave it 4 stars only because the seating was uncomfortable.
5	Just as good as you would expect. If you're in Vegas, you have to pay the Wockeez a visit!
5	I enjoyed this show very much.  The music was great, the visuals worked, there were a lot of comedic and story-telling elements, and man...these guys can dance!  The theater was small and intimate so there aren't any bad seats, although it mattered little to us since were in the fourth row.  I came in without any expectations (I'd heard of them but didn't see them on TV) and left with a smile on my face, having been thoroughly entertained.  It was a lot of fun, give this show a try, you'll like it.
5	Great hip hop dancing, and a good amount of variety in the dancing along with other visual tricks and audience participation.I felt the dancing could have been more synchronized, and a couple of the audience participation segments dragged on.But in general, my girlfriend was smiling the whole time and so was I.  It wasn't like a Cirque show, where I usually sit there wondering why I'm not enjoying it more.
3	Decent show if you're looking for something to do. I liked the dancing, and good music. It started off slow and picked up with some slow spots in between. Could have done without the bodily function humor.   It seemed like the kids in the audience really loved it. It was just ok for me, I thought their moves should have looked more synchronized, but an overall good show. I guess I'm kinda disappointed because I loved them on TV, but this show just wasn't the same for me. I would still recommend this show to others, maybe we just caught it on a slow night.
5	This show will give you chills. If you are a true dancer then you would be so proud of this group of people. They help put hip hop dancing on the map. I was entertained from the beginning till I walked out the door. Keep do your thang fellas!
5	So much fun!!! I saw these people on TV a couple of years ago and have been the ying to see them ever since. The dancing was superb, the act and story line was very comical and the choreography was excellent. I highly recommend sitting in the middle or back on the sides so you are able to take in we much as you can of the dancing. What a great show!
5	Saw the new show again for the second time and it still rocks!Just when you think they couldnt make their former show any better, they did! Now called Prism, the show is based on different colors of the spectrum and how each one can get along in a perfect world. But in this show, they depict how in the real world there are certain forces that just don't like all colors being in harmony. You have two Jabbawockeez representing Black and White. The forces that want to break this up are ninjas. Yes, I said ninjas (I call them Ninjawockeez). They kidnap the Black Jabbawockee causing unbalance. In order to get his friend back, the White Jabbawockee enlists the help of the "Colored" Brothers. No, this aint no racial thing. Im talking about 7 Jabbawockeez that represent 7 colors. These are Red, Green, Indigo, Orange, Yellow, Blue, and Violet. They take on the Ninjawockeez and succeed in getting Black n White back together.This story is told with the Jabbawockeez patented choreographed dance skits with everybody involved including the Ninjawockeez. The music and songs they dance to range from Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody all the way to Bruno Mars' Treasure. The 850 seat capacity theater they reside in is perfectly designed for the type of show they do. The sound system gives you deep rich bass and crystal clear highs. They also use a whole variety of lighting from laser to projection of different colors. Completing this set up, they have smoke effects on at least three occasions during the show.Audience participation has increased as well. They would pull out random women from the audience and do mini skits with them just right in front of the stage. There is even one part where they had half of the audience do the Harlem Shake dance against the other half to see who was more into it. In the end, every one of them would take their mask off so you know what they looked like. Fyi the Ninjawockeez are actually another dance crew called Supercrew, who was also crowned champion from the second season of ABDC (America's Best Dance Crew). Together, these guys put on two shows nightly for about an hour and 20 minutes. Great for all ages.In closing, I highly recommend putting this show on your to do list whenever you are in Vegas. I for one wouldn't mind watching this show again and again for I think the entertainment value is always gonna be there.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #29
5	Amazing! My husband and I loved the show! I personally wouldn't take small kids because of the loud music and some sexual references but I would see this show again in a heartbeat. This is even better if you saw them on America's best dance crew. The Luxors stage is great to. No bad seats really but try for the center. We even got moved up 2 rows when we got there because they fill in areas as long as everyone in the row gets to move. Couldn't have been better! Must see!
4	I saw this show last month at The Luxor and I loved it. I enjoyed the positive story line, the routines, and the unscripted acts. I did not expect the audience involvement. My group sat in the center, rear portion of the theater. At one point, the crew took my sister on stage (a bride-to-be) and made her part of the show for about 15 minutes; wonderful, imaginative, original. She even met a member of the group backstage and received a souvenir for participating. I loved the newer Hip Hop and old school music; we all got up to dance along!Overall, there was always something going on to hold my attention.
5	I have been a fan of Jabbawockeez since they first on appeared on "Americas Best Dance Crew".  Mind blowing dancing, acrobatics and fresh choreography were their calling card. Of course Jabbawockeez won Americas Best Dance Crew as well.Originally playing at the Monte Carlo, Jabbawockeez now perform at the Luxor. The theater is fairly small as far as Vegas goes so all the seats had a good view.  Since the show wasn't full everybody was moved to better seating as they came in.  In the end we were in the fourth row a little bit off center but really close.  The show was based on Ying and Yang with a dancer representing Black and White and the harmony they bring when they are equally balanced.  The show also starred dancers of the color spectrum: Red, Blue, Green, Yellow, Orange and Violet.  Without giving everything away I will say the show was quite entertaining and full of clever and unexpected plot and dance moves.The music at Jabbawockeez is REALLY loud and if you don't wanna feel some bass in your chest you should sit in the back :)  Luxor is part of the MGM group and they run different show ticket promotions all the time.  The promo we used to buy these tickets was buy one show get another show free but we have used stay three nights and get free show tickets many times in Vegas as well.  If you like loud music, good fun and great dancing I highly recommend this show.
4	Good show. Didn't disappoint. We had front row left side of stage. The theater is very small so there was no need to pay for seats so close. The best seats would have been center stage row 10 or higher. Very fun and good story line.
5	the fun thing is... I think this is a great show for all agesbut doesn't necessarily make it a family show. The Jabbawockeez, cast and crew do an awesome job and come across like they not only enjoy what they're doing, but believe in it too.When you're at the Luxor you might even see them around.I can't wait to go back-
4	Really good show, I was pleasantly surprised. Very entertaining and they involve the audience. The drinks at their bar aren't great. If you're local ask for the discount on tickets.
5	Great show , went to see four shows in Vegas and this was by far the best , unlike most of the people there I have never heard of Jabbawockeez before and only got a ticket because the other show I wanted to see wasn't playing that day.The hip hop dancing was spot on the video effects were really well done and they seem to be having a lot of fun , I would go and see them again but don't think they will ever come to Scotland.
1	We went this past Christmas.  Let me start by saying that I was a total fan.  I loved them on ABDC.  I've even looked gone to  youtube to watch them (which I hardly ever go on youtube).  And man, was this a disappointment.  I realize that I'm older (39), but the content of the show was soooo immature.  Fart jokes, smelly armpit jokes, audience interaction during the show was just horrible.  I came for their crisp and inventive dancing and barely got any dancing.  They blew the competition out of the water on ABDC.  For about $200 (for me and the hubs), I was beyond disappointed.  I actually thought there's no way this is the original crew.  They must have just hired people to dance through this.  But at the end, they took off their masks and I recognized them.  Please if you read this, change your performance.  I can't imagine that you guys are happy with this.
4	I love all kinds of music:  rap (the beat, not the lyrics), hip hop, trance, rock, lullabies.  And all kinds of dance.  My husband, who had seen the original show at the Monte Carlo, was perfectly happy to see this new one at Luxor. My daughter, freezing in the Northeast, told me I absolutely have to take her when she comes to visit.  So what could be bad?Not a lot, and I was completely blown away by the visuals, the fx, the lighting, the music, the dancing.  The audience participation was a hoot.  But I wasn't blown away enough by the dancing, because I could barely see it!Break dancers do their thing on mostly on the floor.  When you're as vertically challenged as I am, seeing the floor is a sometime thing.  So as I sank into my very comfy chair in the theater, I realized the head in front of me was going to make seeing the whole center of the floor impossible.  The lights went down, and we scooted over to the end of the row, behind two very short girls.  Alas, it helped only a little.I did enjoy it, but I have to base my rating on my own personal overall experience.  I'd love to be able to give it 5 stars, but in this case, I just can't.
5	Oh my! Where to begin....Well I have been a fan since they were on America's Best Dance Crew. Is it the same cast, no! Obviously they have had to expand in order to first off go all year round they would have to rotate. But the show was great! If you have kids or just enjoy the dance shows you will love this. They are not only creative with their performances, but they are involved in with the audience.They often have promotions for tickets in groups of four that are less.  If you are willing to spend a bit more you should do the VIP option, you get gifts that are not sold in the stores, a meet and greet after, and you can great seats. I mean we were in the first row! They came and shook our hands and were right in front of us. It was so amazing! A truly great performance I will definitely be back to see them again.There music choice was also very eclectic different from what I had expected. I mean the creativity in their performance, and the lighting and side effects were so amazing! And that is not counting the AMAZING,  dance performance.In my opinion you can skip a lot of shows but this is a must see! Especially if you like dance and the dance crews!
5	My kids (adult kids suggested this show) & I first went to see their show in 2010 at the Monte Carlo.  Thought that it was great.  Two weeks ago we saw their Prism Show. This show will have your attention from beginning to end. From, visuals, lighting, & of course their dance moves, it was just amazing how creative the whole team is.They brought on old school dance moves to the latest trend. They have audience interaction/involvement which makes it fun! It was so worth the price we paid for our tickets. You won't be disappointed. No matter where you sit you will have a great view. The venue is intimate.If you're in Vegas, this is a show to see.
5	The Ramirez Family LOVE the JABBAWOQUEEZ.  Thank you all for your performance and the great customer service.  We had purchase our VIP tickets in January for March 22 to surprise our daughter on her 6th Birthday, when my husband Sargent First Class Ramirez, United States Army Reserve received the call that he was being placed on orders to Afghanistan (1 year deployment :( ) which only gave us Friday or Saturday to see you.  Your staff was more than willing to accommodate us.  For that we thank you greatly...my daughter will remember the time she spent with her dad.
4	I have been trying to snag Jabbawockeez tickets since I moved here in January- and the stars aligned, and I finally got the opportunity to go last night. BF has zero interest in this kind of thing, so I flew solo.Hadn't been to the Luxor before, was easy to find parking and then the theater. Lines for box office and entrance went fast, was seated in the middle orchestra, about ten rows back.Show itself was very entertaining- several different musical styles and dance styles were showcased, everything perfectly synchronized. I have no idea how much they must practice to get everything so perfectly spot-on; and this coming from a former dancer. There are at least 14 people in the show, so it's a surprisingly large cast. I found that I enjoyed the routines that had the larger groups, just because there were always so many different things going on at once.The underlying plot for this show is very vague, you don't really need to be following along in order to enjoy it. The show length clocks in just under 90 minutes and it's a good length before things start to get boring. Most parts of the show are fairly energizing, and there's a good amount of audience participation- which I personally could do without, actually, but apparently other people enjoy that sort of thing.I enjoyed the parts of the show that involved the Harlem Shake and Party Rock Anthem- though they are dated at this point.  I could do without the Bohemian Rhapsody part, but I guess the song is popular all these decades later for a reason... allegedly. Regardless, this group does a great job of coordinating their dance moves to the music and to one another, in a way that manages to create a distinct personality for each member of the extensive cast despite virtually no dialogue and the fact that they are identically clothed and masked- quite a feat.Favorite part is, of course, the end, when they take off their masks for a mere moment- gotta say, part of me is really bummed that they don't have a girl on the team. Not that I thought any of them were female during the show, but that would be a cool surprise.
5	omg - must see in vegas!!! saw them last night, sat front row and absolutely looooooved their show. so much talent. hilarious! amazing!! god bless you guys!!! love love love ya!! see ya again soon.
3	I truly do love the Jabbawockeez. The things they did on ABDC were extraordinary and it transcended the hip hop dance group genre for years to come. The masks they don are a trademark and it's so huge in the scheme of marketing and style. The numbers they performed on MTV really captured the imaginations of audiences and the masks themselves allowed them to provide a physical humor as well. I'm a hip hop dancer myself and it was incredible watching them week after week wowing audiences. They have added additional dancers (several actually) and are doing all brand new numbers. The theme "Prism" deals with colors and how it works into the show and our lives too.  The show is definitely geared towards families although some of the jokes are supposed to fly over the head of kids and get a chuckle out of high schoolers and adults alike. I really enjoyed the pretty neat production of the show. Flashy lasers, bright colorful lights, LED screens and thumping sound systems. The humor to me anyways had me cracking up. I enjoy how the Jabbawockeez embraced themselves as dancing mimes and they work it really well into the skits. The crowd interaction midway through the show is a good way to connect with the people.. although I felt it may have dragged on a little long. Since I have seen the show twice, once when I first moved here and recently last night,  I have to be as honest as possible from my dancers perspective (first), I'd like to believe the show, with it's top notch production and sick lighting lacked some of the energy that's needed to truly wow the audience. Some of the movements were missing that "punch" of energy and precision that provides the illusions to the moves themselves. It's really noticeable imo if you compare some of their older work to how they move now. Maybe 2 shows a night for 5-7 days a week can be taxing and it's just not easy to be synchronized from start to finish... but unfortunately it's expected from them. Some of the numbers desperately needed more on the choreography front too. Again, Jabba is known for creating the illusions and sometimes it seems like they are simply doing a choreographed number we see at a normal hip hop class at a local dance studio. If the numbers are lacking on top of the effort of the movement, it's tough to embrace the things that made America love them. On a more positive note, I still have to give them credit on a few pieces that still made me say "Siccckkkkkk" like two man number on "I got 5 on it"  and their final battle scene. Their natural charm through their movements will always be endearing to people, especially kids. But for the hardcore lovers of dance and an even casual fan... I'd love to just see them break more boundaries and step up on the effort.
5	The show was absolutely amazing! The Jabbawockeez are genuinely an amazing group and they definitely kicked it up a notch from their ABDC performances. Prism has a story and a background which really amazed me and made the show and group different from all the others. It really stood out. I really loved the lights lol just to point that out. The choreography was also amazing and was really intriguing. They interacted with their audience during their show and I wasn't quite expecting that based on the type of performance. But it was really fun. Lots of kids and young adults there because this show is definitely for them. It's loads of fun and I definitely recommended anybody to go see it.
5	We watched this show last night and it was AMAZING!  Watching this on TV pales in comparison to a live show.  They were interactive with the crowd.  The music is current and they have adapted the show to it.  It is dance, music, comedy, etc...You will enjoy the whole show.  I don't want to talk about the show much and ruin it for you but it will not be disappointed.EXCELLENT!
5	This show is hands down amazing.If you've been a fan of theirs from the begin or recently became a fan - you'll enjoy this show. Heck, you'll enjoy this show if you're a fan of dancing or lights and special effects. It's just inspiring how far these guys have came and you can see it in the show. The concept they were going for along with their dance pieces.One of the greatest things of their show is the fact that they LOVE to involve the audience even before the actual show started. They had the crowd dancing and pulled a few people up on stage. I'm still awing over the special effects!A big tip though: DO NOT TAKE ANY PICTURES OR RECORDINGS. They're strict on this rule. Unless you wanna be escorted out - leave your phone off/silent in your pocket or purse.A must see show! It has you admiring dance and choreo.
2	Um no. First, this isnt the original crew. The night we saw the show, the Jabbawockeez were in LA at Coachella. Second, the arena is horrible. The rows arent elevated enough so you are constantly trying to see around the person in front of you/blocking the person behind you. Im 6'2" and the women in front of me, maybe 5'4" seemed like she had the biggest head on the Strip. Also, the ushers are constantly getting in the way to go tell someone to put their phone down. The whole operation is just poor.Last and certainly not least, the show is weak at best. Sorry, but you cant take 2 minute routines that were amazing and make that into a 75 minute show. There are long stretches of nonsense not-funniness. What I would consider true Jaba moments are few and far between. Dont pay full price for this. Sorry. I was really hopeful -- I watched ABDC and loved this crew just like ya'all did. But it isnt good. Catch them on YouTube and save yourself $90/seat.
4	Been a fan of these guys since their ABDC days and was really excited to finally see them in person!The show was in a small theater in Luxor. This allowed it to be more intimate, so even though we were towards the back center, it still wasn't that far from the stage. However, the theater was not sloped/steep enough so people's heads tended to get in the way sometimes even if they weren't that tall...kids got booster cushions but honestly I should've asked for one as an adult too! Sometimes the dancers did moves on the floor and it was difficult to see. I found the show as a whole to be enjoyable, but not quite what I was expecting. There were a lot of corny, almost childish, moments that were definitely aimed at the younger members of the audience. And while the dancing was good, including some amazing tricks, overall it was not...mindblowing? Jabba are known for their illusions and technique, and while I saw a little of that, much of the choreography was pretty basic. I suppose in their defense, this is an all-ages Vegas show and not a hardcore dance competition, so it SHOULD be more entertaining over intense. But I still liked it better when they broke it down to hip-hop as opposed to some other corny showtunes (now that's what I came to see!).There was a good amount of audience participation, including chanting, clapping, and hand-picking volunteers (lucky lucky people!). The members would sometimes even hop offstage and run down the aisles! Pretty exciting. I also liked the lightwork during the show - they had a projection of a sky in them at one point, which was very cool.Overall, I had fun and got to see one of my favorite dance crews do their thang. It wasn't the most amazing dance performance I've ever seen, but they know how to entertain and I had more than a few laughs during the show. Would recommend it.
5	LOVED THE SHOW!  The show was amazing - from the music to the lighting effect and the humor not to mention that The dancing was incredible.  I have watched this crew since season one of "America's Best Dance Crew" and was so excited to see them in person.  Recommendation - purchase your tickets direct through Luxor so you can kind of pick you seats.  We were in the second row - that was a bit too close as you cannot see the full spectrum of the stage and entertainment.I will most definitely go back again.  See other comments below - some good advise about discounted tickets"
4	Saw them for the first time when they were at Monte Carlo and this is my second time seeing them for their Prism show in Luxor. Both times their performances were amazing. I like that they incorporate some story/plot to the show rather than just random dances. They are very creative. I also like that there is some humor to the show and that there is audience interaction. One tip though is to try to get seats in the middle row probably middle ways from the stage. Me and my brother were on the second row from the front on the left side and though we could see up close we couldn't always see what was happening on the right side. Plus, the speakers were very loud. Overall a very good show that I would see again.
5	This show is flippin awesome!!! I didn't expect them to draw me in and keep me entertained for 90 minutes... but they did! And I'd see them again! SO much fun!!! I thought about bringing my kids... but when they did the skit with the audience member and marriage... it got a bit inappropriate and I was happy my kids weren't there! So I'd recommend for jr high and older... definitely not for kids younger than 10... only because of that one skit!
5	Loved the show! Been a huge fan of the Jabbawockeez since ABDC and have been looking forward to seeing the show forever. And man, they do not disappoint!We got to vegas late Friday night, so on Saturday afternoon, we went to Tix4Tonight to see if we could find a good show. We were very surprised to see discounted Jabbawockeez tickets. The last 3 times we tried to see the show, there was nothing available at Tix4Tonight. We got our tickets for $58 bucks each, discounted from the original $95 price tag at the box office.The theatre is so intimate and small, every seat in it is a great seat. However, with our tickets, we sat in the middle row towards the back (we still had an amazing view). When we got there, we asked the usher if there were empty seats closer up, and he said yes because the show wasn't sold out and then showed us to the best seats in the house. All you have to do sometimes is ask. The show itself was extraordinary: the visuals, the laser lights, the graphics and the choreography. They get you pumped up and there is a good amount of audience participation, but not overwhelming. They have different skits and yea, there's not as much dancing as was on ABDC, but they can't dance for 75 minutes straight. The improv between the actual dance routines is hilarious and entertaining. I definitely would have paid full price to go see the show. Look out Vegas, the Jabbawockeez are taking over!
4	Great show! I never watched ABDC, so I wasn't sure what to expect. Good music, good choreography, great visual effects.
5	There's no doubt I'm cheesy, especially when picking up on women. One of my favorite nonsensical icebreakers and overall terrible excuse to open up conversation has always been, "hey, did you know that my grandfather invented slow motion?" The answer is typically, "what the hell are you talking about" and it works 100% of the time about 20% of the time. Why do I bring this up? Well, if any of these women go to see the JABBAWOCKEEZ show in Vegas, they're quickly going to find out that I'm full of crap. Clearly the JABBAWOCKEEZ invented slow motion...As a San Diego kid I felt a certain amount of pride at this show seeing as this group was birthed in my beautiful city. It's not the biggest show, it's not at the hippest hotel, the room is small and intimate (in the greatest way possible), and there ain't a bad seat in the house! If you're an exceptionally pretty girl with fun written on your face, be prepared, you just may end up on stage - you may not like it but we sure do!Bottom line is that these dudes can dance! I mentioned the slow motion thing, which happens often, but they also bounce all over the small stage with such ease that you'll walk out of the show and want to throw yourself down the escalator and call it a "dance move." It's kind of like the first time I saw Gleaming The Cube and tried to bomb the biggest hill in the neighborhood on my skateboard - that didn't work out too well.I highly recommend this show for a high energy crowd and if your looking for something that's a bit less in demand. You'll leave inspired but be careful, that inspiration just may land you in the hospital. Remember, no matter how much you think you are, you're not a dancer, they are.
5	Very good show! Lots of funny and entertaining scenes. The MC is absolutely one of the best dancers in the group!
4	I was fortunate -- or unfortunate, depending on how one looks at it -- to attend Jabbawockeez at Monte Carlo, in addition to this new iteration at Luxor. The old show, at Monte Carlo, was entirely too repetitive and made me never want to see them again. Fortunately, there was a friend of mine who wanted to go to this Prism version or whatever it is called so Jabbawockeez was granted reprieve for their past crimes (of bad entertainment). Firstoff: wear hearing protection. If you do not wear hearing protection, you deserve the permanent hearing loss you are going to suffer. If you don't own hearing protection, and go to shows, you really need to buy some. Tinnitus is the enemy.Secondly, outside drinks are permitted but they must be in cups. If you are sporting a bottle, ask for a cup from the bar for the show (it is located outside doors). The stage at their theatre at Luxor is about 35% the size of the one they had at Monte Carlo. The room: the same. Much smaller. (Makes for louder, by the way. Much louder.)Continuing the needless comparisons of the old show and this new one: the old one dragged on and made it seem endless. It was also plagued with bad pacing. This new one -- that you will go to (unless you have a time machine in your garage) -- just flies by. You walk in; you watch them dance while following along with the storyline; you dance for thirty-to-forty five seconds; and, just like that the show seems like it is over. Time seems to just fly by because there is so much energy among the performers and the story is well done. I would have never said this before, but I would go to Jabbawockeez again.
5	Had a great time. Very funny and entertaining and a great show for the whole family. I've been a huge fan ever since they came out in ABDC and I'll definitely come back and see it with my wife again.
4	I've been brought up to never pay for anything here. I'm always waiting for the hookup (or a date). Don't judge, I can show you the ways. Unfortunately, this means I've only seen like 4 Vegas shows (not including The Lion King which I definitely should have paid for). Fortunately, the green Jabawockee is my friend and offered me a pair of tickets. So my gauge on how good a show is, is "Would I have paid for that?" The answer, in this case, is an enthusiastic "heeeeck yeah." I LOVE the arts and have so much respect for performers of all kinds. Hip-Hop is my heart so of course I was hype about the bboy element and choreography. I went in completely unaware of what would be presented to me (except for dancing, obviously), so I was pleasantly surprised by the story line and comedic aspects. It's crazy how much emotion they can demonstrate with their bodies without the help of using speech or facial expressions.Was it just me or were some parts kind of scary???The whole mask thing and then the music and red lights made me nervous!I digress. Long story short, I would have paid for this show, and I'm gonna try and go see it again soon! I was thoroughly entertained, I laughed, not cried, but felt sad, was scared, was hype, got to dance myself, and was astounded by these guys' level of talent.
4	This show is a must see!! I loved all the dancing and jokes and popular culture references throughout the show. The audience participation is very fun as well! For the most part, everyone gets involved in some form. The dancing is so smooth and relevant. The storyline is a little cheesy, but whatever~ All in good fun! We got tickets from the half off tickets truck, but when we arrived at the show, the ushers were kind enough to seat us in a way better section in seats that had not been claimed, so definitely ask if it's not a full show!
3	This show was a freebie for me.  It was entertaining, but it got a little monotonous and a little too simple in the graphics at times.  That being said, I also was bored as hell at Blue Men.  I love theater and music, so maybe this just didn't do it for me either.
5	Took son for his 11th birthday! He has always been an ABDC fan & we laughed & bopped along the whole time... even got up & danced sometimes! Music is so what's poppin right now! Definitely worth it.
4	My husband and I fell in love with the jabbawockeez after seeing mus.i.c. (twice) at monte carlo. So of course, we had to see their new show. We originally saw PRISM in November. We loved, loved, loved the show, but the seats are not very elevated and even though we were second level, people's heads were blocking our view. We recently went to see the show again, but this time, we sat in the last row, center stage. When the ushers began moving people closer to the stage, we kindly asked the usher not to move anyone in front of us and he didn't. Our view was perfect!!! I was even able to stand when my back ached from sitting. The show was incredible. The lights are so much fun, the dances are insanely clever, and the music is much better than mus.i.c. They kept their sense of humor and included more audience participation.The reason I didn't give 5 stars:- I don't get the color theme. Music and movement made sense, but I didn't get the light and movement theme. - We noticed that in the beginning, the dancers were a little out of sync. When the dancers didn't take their masks off at the end of the show, we realized it was because it wasn't the original Jabbawockeez. Even though the dancers did a phenomenal job and I understand that it was father's day weekend, we couldn't help but feel disappointed and a little cheated. On the bright side, this gives us another reason to see our favorite vegas show,  but this time we won't go on a holiday!
5	I have loved Jabawockeez since the first time I saw them perform on ABDC!! This is the second time I have seen their show. But the first time here at the Luxor. I absolutely loved every minute of it. It is funny, extremely entertaining, up beat, and so much fun!! They really get the crowd involved and it makes it that much better. I sat front row which I would recommend sitting at the center maybe 2nd or 3rd row. It is good for teens not sure about small children in my opinion because they do have a tiny bit of sexual dancing but that is all based differently. If you love music and dancing than this is definitely a must!!
5	Awesome show!! We saw them on tv and now have been to their show once but seen them preform two other times. High energy and very entertaining show!! Worth the money!!
5	A.M.A.Z.I.N.G. This show is fantastic, entertaining, funny, energetic, and engaging.  This is a MUST SEE. I went to the show last night and I was very impressed. I had read other reviews and all were extremely positive. With this in mind, we decided to check it out for ourselves (Bf and myself). We purchased tickets at a discounted rate ($65) through Tix4Tonight, which is conveniently located in both downtown Vegas and the Strip. Regular price for evening show, through the Luxor box office and online, started tickets at $90 each. The theatre is very small and intimate, and yes, every seat in the house is a great seat! And, as many other helpers pointed out, they do move/shift the audiences towards the middle, so it was great. We sat right in the center and I couldn't be any more happy!The music and effects were crazy!!!! Audience participation is big and we loved it. Didn't want the show to end. Anyway, we will definitely return to Vegas to see them. If you are here now... CHECK OUT THIS SHOW.
5	Jabbawockeez!!! i was rooting for them when they were on ABDC; and now i get to be an audience of their show. dancers are talented; music is great;  the show as a whole was entertaining and funny. I love how i can read each character / dancer's personality just by their movement and gestures. The performers also interacted with the audience too -- so that was coolwe got to sit in the center and the view was great; I highly recommend choosing the seats in the center of the theatre. overall i had a great time, i highly recommend this show to everyone of all ages. The seats are also pretty comfortable too! note: 90 min show; no intermission (so go use the bathroom before entering the theatre; you don't want to miss anything during the show)
4	Great show. we had seats 3 rows from the top.   They offered to move us to the 4th row from the front...Yea.  Entertaining family show  talented dancers.  They offer booster cushions for the kids.  Very friendly staff.
5	As a local here in Vegas, I have seen pretty much all the shows on the Strip. We decided to see this one because my boyfriend and I were staying at the Luxor for a night. There was a ticket special going on for locals (30% off!) as well as a coupon inside our coupon book we were given a check-in. We got tickets to that evening's nearly-sold-out show at a great price.The show itself was wonderful, with high energy and a lighter twist to it. It is humorous as well as a perfect showcase for these incredibly talented dancers. There were spectacular routines and amazing light enhancements that came together to make an all-around fantastic show that was definitely worth the money.I was so impressed that I went back today and bought a t-shirt. :)
4	Since it's all dancing they do a good job of entertaining for the hour and a half with some jokes and funny videos along with the dancing. The moves weren't quite as sharp as they could be but the kids absolutely loved it. They get the crowd involved and do a good job of getting you pumped up. I was ready to hit the clubs when I left.
4	For anyone who's not familiar with Jabbawockeez, they are the first season winners of America's Best Dance Crew (ABDC).The name "Jabbawockeez" was originally inspired from the Lewis Carroll's poem "Jabberwocky" in his novel "Through the Looking-Glass". I have never watched their performances on MTV, but I did briefly see their appearance during the 2009 NBA All-Star game with Shaquille O'Neal. Ticket was pretty cheap - I was able to get a section 101, Row A, Seat 1 for $50 (tax and other fees included). I didn't really like the corner seat due to its awkward viewing angle, but later the usher kindly asked us to move (2 seats closer) to the center stage. What are some of the benefits of sitting the 1st row? Well, I was able to give TWO high-five with the crew! In addition, please do expect dry ice to hover around the 1st row for few minutes during few occasions of the show and dry ice could potential block a portion of stage view. Expect 40% humorous skit + 40% dancing + 20% audience participation + special laser effect. There were some moments I was like "wow that was a pretty sick dance move", but I did not necessary enjoy all of the humorous skits (heck, I almost fell asleep during few parts of the show). Overall, I thought the show was decent (better than the Blue Man Group) - but not amazing (like Absinthe or Cirque du Soleil O). If you are not a hip hop dancing fan, I think there are better shows out there in Vegas. A solid 3.5-stars, bonus point for moving toward to center stage and $50 1st row ticket.
3	The music was too loud. I wish I sat in the back row and could sit up taller because I couldn't see the entire stage.I thought they would integrate technology or their creativity more so in their routines. I didn't see a ton of inventiveness.There are parts where they use audience members, and for one participant, they play out the love story way too long.
5	First time in Vegas and we only decided on 1 show and that was all we needed because these guys are beyond talented and know how to entertain. Went to the Jabbawockeez on Saturday 07/12/14 and it absolutely blew my mind. We went to support the FAMs brother a performer of the group and although we were biased to begin with since we have nothing but love for him and their success after seeing the show it turned all 7 of us into bigger fans than ever before. We laughed and smiled and danced and vibed with the entire show and I'd without a doubt not only recommend the show to everyone I'd see them every time we are there. It was definitely the highlight of my 30th birthday trip and can't wait to watch their success grow even higher than they already are. Its more than just a show.Best show, please go see their new performance Prism at the Luxor, you won't be disappointed I guarantee it!
5	So funny. Must see!
5	I wanted to show my two nieces (10 & 11) a fun time and heard from a few co-workers that this would be a good show to take them to. I was very skeptical about "a kid friendly show on the strip" (note: I do not have kids of my own and don't think much about "kid friendly Vegas"...this was probably my first)WOW! I got tickets to the 7pm show and was amazed how many kids were in the audience! This was indeed a great family friendly show! Great for kids who like music & dancing (my nieces are into gymnastics and loved it!). This show even went further into being kid friendly by offering raised seat cushions for the younger kiddos to be sure they could see!As an adult I had wanted to see this show and it did not disappoint. The special effects, dancing and music almost seemed too big for such a "modest" theater, but this only made it more interactive and great in engaging the audience.  Our groups ages ranged from 10 up to 60-ish and everyone had a great time. This was a great treat for all of us and we all enjoyed the showLocal prices range about $50 per ticket, but watch for Groupon, Living Social, HouseSeats and other promos.
5	I first saw the Jabbawockeez on MTV's ABDC. Their style and creativity blew my mind. I felt fortunate to have been in the audience for one of their live performances this weekend. Their set comes well paired with music and their characteristic trademark style, comedy, story-telling and audience participation, that is both nostalgic and relevant. The stage is dynamic with its own idiosyncrasies, providing a blank canvas for scenery and containing multiple passages, doorways and elevators which kept me engaged. If there was one thing I could complain about, it would be that the seating layout does not offer people sitting along the sides a view to fully appreciate the artistic imagery the Jabbawockeez are trying to present. The next time I am in Vegas I will be buying a seat more centered to the stage.
5	Me and my boyfriend were staying at the Luxor and were looking for a great show to watch and we found it in Jabbawockeez.  We had finally decided on watching them about half an hour before showtime (we are pretty indecisive).  We got extremely lucky with seats because they had given us front row center!  We couldn't believe our luck (Although, there are a few times when a smoke machine was used so that was a bit of a bother but it didn't last long).  We also had a coupon for a free T-shirt from the merch store.  Of course, the only available size is XL but hey, it's a free shirt.The show is very interactive.  And yes, it does have a story line.  It was a lot more than just dancing.  They entertained us and kept us involved.  During mid dance, I received a fist bump from the yellow Jabbawockee.  That was beyond awesome.  Then, me & my boyfriend get picked to go up on stage.  I'm not one to be the center of attention so I definitely felt out of place but it was a once in a lifetime experience for sure.  At the end of the show, as they were taking a bow, a few of the masked dancers threw up the Super Cr3w sign.  I'm not exactly sure if that means that they were a part of Super Cr3w or if they were just paying their respects, but nonetheless the throwback to ABDC was nice.I would definitely recommend watching the Jabbawockeez! (and Super Cr3w??)
5	My wife is saying it's a 10, I'll be the judge of that!! Going right now, I'll let u know how it go's.  Wanted to see michael Jackson show,  kids wanted to see  magic show.  So me & my 3 kids will rate this show.  The 5 star vote is from my wife :/
5	I've been to jabbawockeez show twice (back in 2010 & 8/2014), both times~ awesome.... But oh my, their current performance now is so AMAAAZING! *something about great dancers with masks.Hands down hot and sexy, and creative as ever! Presented for a bachelorette, we surprised the bride-to-be here because she LOVES the jabba... we paid more... was expecting to meet at least half a dozen, but only two. :( .....for quick photos at the end. .......I know, that's it! At least take off your mask or something. You will just never know if it could really be the jabba or two random men masking the jabba.Aside from that and if you haven't been, the show is great itself. IT'S A MUST watch show!
4	I've loved them since I first saw them perform of ABDC, the show was no let down to their reputation. I enjoyed how they played with the audience, the dance skits were awesome, they could tighten up a little bit on uniformity. As a few of the dancers were a tiny bit off making the delivery slightly delayed but nonetheless they are all very talented performers. I would definitely see it again with another group of friends if given the chance, only this time I'll know where to sit to hopefully get pulled up for some comical fun ;)
5	Four years ago, when I found out they were playing at the Monte Carlo I've been dying to catch a show. FINALLY, I was able to get two tickets for the show last Friday. Prism theater is a very intimate setting. The tickets were in the 200 section. After finding our seats, the genius that I am decided to ask if I could sit in the middle section. To my amazement and utter disbelief the nice guy moved us to the very front row.The show ran approx 1 hour and a half and was everything I thought it would be and more. In retrospect sitting a little further back would've allowed us to see the levels of the different formations. BUT I wouldn't have changed a thing about it. It was an interactive show, so there was tons of audience participation.  The show truly made my Friday night.
5	The show was so much fun!  I was surprised how much I enjoyed it. It was very entertaining.Our seats were to the side but since it was a later showing and space available they moved us towards the center.  I kept trying to count all the dancers.  There were a lot compared to the show.  I heard some are part of another dancing group.  Very fun show.  Definitely nice to watch in LV.
5	A very entertaining show!  Dancing, music, humor...it was great.  It's amazing how personality can shine through without any talking.  Loved the parts where they interacted with the audience.  The theater is small so there really is not a bad seat in the house.  Listened to the soundtrack for days after.
2	not bad but not that good we expected! It was OK! compare to Chris Angle show, this one was better!
5	Best vegas show yet! Kept me throughly entertained the entire time. That says alot because my attention shifts easily.  Bright lights and amazing dancing. We had front row seats. The only bad thing about the entire experience was the smoke machine. It was thick at times. But it added a great effect to the show. No drink service so be sure to take one in with you. I'm now a jabbawockeez fan (I had never heard of them before)
5	By far the best show that I saw in Vegas! The show was thoroughly entertaining from start to finish. Amazing dancing combined with great comedy and crowd interaction. The only criticism I have is the smoke machine being too thick at one point. These guys are true entertainers and you can see that they love what they do. A definite must see for everyone!
5	I love the jabbawockeez.  I thought I bought good tickets because I was up close in the third row, but my seats ended up being way to the left so the perspective of the dance formations were not as good.  I would have preferred to have been farther back but in the middle.  But still good to see these guys perform live.  I guess it was kind of cool to see some of the dancing from the angle I had because I have seen so many of their performances on youtube.  Their stereo system needs work though.  It was rattling off tone to the deeper bass sounds which was annoying, but you got use to it after awhile or at least forgot about it because of the awesome performance.  I blame the Luxor more for that.  That hotel in general needs some renovating.
5	Oh gosh. I loooooved this show! I honestly didn't think I'd enjoy it as much as I did but I was thoroughly entertained the entire time. The show room isn't too big so you're able to get a good view of the performance even from the sections far away. I was a huge fan of Jabba since ABDC and seeing this show just made me remember how much I loved them. If you're looking for a show that will make you laugh, get you excited and hyped and keep you visually stimulated this is a good one to see. They also kept the audience involved. Highly recommend this show! :)
4	Jabbawockeez is now at the Luxor for their new show Prism.  Unfortunately the show is at the Luxor so it's far from the middle of the strip. Plus, there are sooo many workers who bother you as soon as you get inside the casino "for free tickets."  I believe you get free tickets if you do a time share presentation.  We asked a worker where the box office was and he was persistent in trying to get us to do the presentation. Ok, now on to the important stuff. I love Jabbawockeez!!  I watched them when they were on ABCD and I saw their first show Mus.I.C. At MGM. Prism is completely different from Mus.I.C.  They are hilarious and of course their dancing is amazing.  They are entertaining and do a lot to involve the audience.  At the end they run through the aisles and high five people!The venue is relatively small. We waited last minute to buy tickets. They have 3 different levels in ticket prices- expensive, medium and cheap. I want to say there are 16 rows. The front half middle seats are the expensive ones. The back half middle seats are medium priced. The last row and side seats are cheap. We ended up getting the last row but super close 2 seats away from the middle aisle. It's more important to get seats in the middle vs. close seats. I am on the short side so it was at times hard to see things but we still got a good view for "cheap" seats. I would recommend the show, especially if you have never seen them live and if you have kids.  To someone who has seen Mus.I.C, it's good but I liked Mus.I.C. better. I felt like there was more dancing in the previous show.  And I liked the pre show at Mus.I.C.  You can get popcorn and alcoholic drinks next to the venue.
4	My wife and I watched jabbawockeez first show when they were at MGM still so we wanted to watch them again to see what was different. We lived the first one so we were looking forward to this one as well. The show was entertaining. It was different from the first one, mus.i.c. There was a lot of comedy acts in it and some audience participation. The dancing was good and enjoyable. There were a lot of kids in the audience is it was a family friendly atmosphere. There were some sexual innuendos but nothing that bad. The story line was kind of random. I wish the dancing was more like their first show but I'm still a fan and enjoyed the show. There was a bar before you go in where you can buy some snacks and drinks. I bought the 32oz drink and it comes in a cool plastic cup. I'll try to post a picture of it later. They have a store as well we were going to maybe buy a mask but after we find out it was $40 we changed our mind!All in all, I'd recommend this show if you are a fan of jabbawockeez or just enjoy dancing shows. This is ok for all ages. We also sat in the last row of the center and the view was still ok. Just try not to sit at the edges because it might be hard to see everything that's going on.
5	I've been a fan since ABDC so we were stoked to finally get to watch these guys live.  Hubby was afraid he'd get bored because he's not as entranced by dancing as I am.  However, the show was so well-done and well-rounded hubby raved about it for days.The light show, the physical comedy and the audience interaction were all added bonuses we never expected.It's a really small theater and though we were fortunate enough to be assigned great seats closer to the front, I can't imagine a bad seat in the house.  The show as truly breathtaking at times and we were definitely excited to have been a part of it.
5	Went to Vegas with my boy this summer and we decided to see a show each night as we aren't big gamblers or party people. I used to be a dancer and was always a fan of ABDC. Jabbawockeez put on a fantastic show that I would see again and again.The music selection was great and there was tons of audience participation. I love that they interacted with us and really made us a part of the show! The talent by these guys is just phenomenal and it truly made me miss dance. They are just so good at what they do that it makes you want to get up and do it as well! That's what a good dancer should do: inspire you and get you pumped up!The show we saw was "Prism." There were tons of kids in the audience (I was actually surprised) and most of the show is pretty kid friendly. There was a little booty shaking by participating audience members, as well as some music that maybe a 7 year old shouldn't hear, but it wasn't anything a kid wouldn't see or hear on the Strip. Personally, I don't think of Vegas as a "family place" but, you make the decision to bring them or not.I paid a pretty penny for tickets in the second row near the center (about $100 a piece I think?) but it was so worth it. I suggest bringing ear plugs. I liked being so up close because you could really see the moves and dancers. However, I can definitely see the perks of sitting a little farther back because some of the moves are group moves that require a little more distance. If we went again (which we will!) I would definitely get seats a little farther back just to get both experiences.Buy tickets to the show. You won't be disappointed. My boyfriend really has no appreciation for dance and actually hates to dance himself, but ended up really liking the show and enjoyed it.
5	Amazing show! Such a talented group of dancers. The music and visuals were perfect, there was something for everyone. You can't take your eyes off of the dancers the entire show. We brought our 8 and 1 year old and they were mesmerized. The staff was great too, the music was loud so I was covering my daughters ears with a blanket and one of the ushers passed a pack of ear buds down the aisle so she could wear them, also they give kids seat cushions to help them see. I would go back and watch it again!
5	THIS SHOW IS AMAZING!They are such an entertaining and creative group. I love how much they incorporate humor and bad ass dance pieces together. There is even a cute little playful story line. I think this show is entertaining for all ages. I also loved how interactive they are with the audience. They pull people up on stage and just have fun with them. This had me dying laughing and mesmerized in the dances. I honestly thought this show is very affordable especially compared to a lot of the other Strip shows. Their upbeat, lively, funny performances kept me intrigued the entire show. I didn't want it to end. Everyone I know who watched this show enjoyed it as much as I did. I definitely will be going back just because it's just a good time. Great idea for date night or a night out.
4	Great dancing, love the skits too. If they had more battles i would have given a 5! It was too short. Nice show and you will be close to the stage.
5	What a great show!!Loved everything about it. The dancers, the beats, the lighting. The dancers even brought humor to their routine and included the crowd in the show.It was cool that they included different genres of music and opened their audience to a wide range of viewers.Ticket prices were really reasonable too. The show was so good I would definitely love to see it again.
3	I must be spoiled by Cirque du Soleil.  For me, this was a good show, not a great show.  I was expecting more high energy dance numbers, more acrobatics, and more break dancing.  In the portions of the show when they were dancing, they were fantastic.  But the show is padded with too many jokes and attempts at comedy.  There was also too much audience interaction.  They had a lady from the audience on stage for a bit that lasted at least 10 minutes. She was a good sport about it, and it made me wonder if she was a plant and not a real audience member.Overall, I think the Jabbawockeez are on to something. With a few tweaks, this can be a great show.BONUS TIP:  We were in the front row.  The music had a lot of bass and was ear-shatteringly loud at times.  I would recommend having a pair of disposable ear plugs in your pocket just in case.
5	Great show!! SIT ANYWHERE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ARENA, which isn't that big and you'll get a great view of the show.  We sat off to the side front row and got to shake hands but didn't get to enjoy choreograph to its fullest. Fun for all ages and do a great job of telling a story and mixing humor into the show.
3	The show was nice. I think that this is probably one of the very few shows in Vegas that children will enjoy and should attend. It was very colorful, loud and the dancing parts were really good. I think I have high expectations so I wasn't completely sold on the mute comedy portions placed in various points of the show. I was in support of the group since they were on TV and I am happy for them. They came a long way and very few on TV competition shows make it this far. I guess I can't expect every show to be a certain way and I shouldnt compare them, however, being in Vegas you look forward to some special effects theatrics and spectacular acts. I can say the Mario Brother's add was cute. Not bad but not VEGAS SPECTACULAR.
4	got free tickets from playing on  myvegas.com . the seats we got were not so good , but when we sat down , an employee asked us to move to the front row . our new seats were in 2nd row right in front of the stage . soooo nice .....the show was great . a mix of dance and comedy
5	SO much fun!! The show was about an hour and a half long and filled with great music, comedy, and, of course, awesome dancing. A lot of the music is geared for a younger crowd so some people may not care for it. But it was a blast!
5	I am a big fan and one of my favorite show in Vegas. I saw it 3 times and each time I enjoyed it. I have seen them in MTV's ABDC. The lights, music and ofcourse the break dance were amazing. They were humor and audience participation. I think you have to like hip hop to really appreciate it.
4	They are very, very creative in the themes of the show... and parts of the show they are very interactive with their audience... I give them props to be dancing that active for an hour long on and off...But, it's a show that once you've seen it.... you won't watch it again ... for awhile...
5	My wife and I went to see prism and couldn't be happier. We've seen cirque shows and wanted something different. After watching them on tv for many years we decided this was a chance to see them live and they did not disappoint. Family friendly show that will have you appreciating just how hard what they do really is.
5	Awesome show and performance! This is a must-see show if you are in Vegas, especially for people who are into dance and hip-hop. They are located at The Luxor Hotel.
4	Unique show in Vegas. I've seen americas dance crew show and it's similar. Jabbawockeez really tried and create a storyline with their dancing. The audience interaction was hilarious, they pick on females for volunteers. All the moves are classic breakdancing, nothing really spectacular, but overall the storyline flowed and was pleasantly entertained,
2	First off, bring ear plugs.  The music gets very loud to the point where it hurts.  Unfortunately, I thought the show was a dud.  The dancers timing was a bit off and the story line was just okay.  The dancers weren't in sync very much.  I liked them a lot better on TV.  The audience participation was a good bit.  But other than that, I am not a fan.
5	5 stars without a doubt!  My only complaint was the 8dollar delicious popcorn before the show! Ha! They allow you to bring outside drinks in.    We ordered tickets from a discount ticket store. Got them for 30 bucks cheaper than ticketmaster.. Only to arrive and as soon as we sat down got asked if we wanted upgraded seats. Umm yes please? Got first row center stage. Excellent upgrade. It seems like any seat in the house would be good because where they perform isn't really big. The music is awesome  the dancers are awesome the lighting is awesome. They get the crowd into it. Not trying to ruin it for anyone but my favorite part had to do with Mario Brothers. Very colorful and creative.  Be ready to have fun!
5	OMG!! This was one of favorite show performances. I loved them when they were on ABDC and I still do. The show was electrifying, energetic and uplifting. I enjoyed every moment and was thoroughly entertained! Go see this show.  You will be thrilled and happy!
3	Great moves, music deafening, too loud, seating was terrible, the seats were not staggered so you had to crank your neck to see in between people. I think these guys are too good for this theatre, and need to just concentrate on what they do best.... Dance!
4	Went on a Monday night, 7pm show.  Crowd was a little flat initially in terms of engagement but fluent in the dance scene itself - so there was a few missed applause cues but very appreciative of the actual performances. There was some crowd interaction scattered throughout and some humor, some pop songs, some narrative story line - my overall fav parts were the full bore original dance performances and electronic mashups though. It got pretty rowdy at parts so in sum - go to the late show and bring earplugs- great loud time!
3	This is a pretty great show, but not amazing. The music is very upbeat. They have a narrator as the performers do not talk at all. It's a very cool show. It has tons of color to the show, and it's cute. It's good for all ages as children will love the colors and the cool dancing. I did really like the show. They have the performers wearing different colors like Red, Orange, Blue, Yellow, Indigo. They do have audience participation. I went at the 9:30 showing, and it was pretty empty, so they moved people around during the show. At one point, the performers jumped to the audience floor. They also hi-fived the people in the very first row. They do walk around the audience at one point. *sidenote: These could be seen as very creepy people since they wear white masks all the time.
5	The hubby and I finally got to see the Jabbawokeez perform in the Luxor Las Vegas this past Thanksgiving week.  I've been a fan since I first saw them competing on America's Best Dance Crew years ago.They are truly amazing and talented to say the least and the show did not disappoint.  It is by far the best show we've seen in Las Vegas as of date (2nd place being Zumanity, and we've seen many others).  The story line part of the show was not boring and they had a ton of audience interaction which helped make it more fun and interesting.  Throughout the show they had everyone laughing, and on their feet dancing and clapping, young and old.The lights effects were really especially nice.  We had a great time and would definitely see this show again.  Would recommend it to people with families or to couples who want to have a good time.
4	Was in Vegas for business December 4 -7th but found time in the evening to enjoy dinner and a show. We were so glad we were able to get last minute tickets to the Jabbawockeez. Very entertaining,  great music,  modern movement mixed with classic hip hop. I definitely recommend it. We had seats in the second row near the right facing the stage and felt the atmosphere was very intimate. I also love the mystery of not being able to see their faces. At one time during the show one of the dancer's sneaker came off while he was dancing and he did not miss a beat while quickly sliding it back on. Very impressive crew.
4	Really enjoyed the show, but please, please, please RAISE THE STAGE!  We loved the mix of comedy and dancing, but we could not see the amazing footwork we suspect was happening. I'm average height and was sitting in the first row of the back section and couldn't see very well, my three children could see almost none of the action happening on the lower level.  For the price of admission, this needs to be fixed!  The kids did have a good time and we would recommend to friends, but we'd warn them about where to sit.
2	They are not the same people you saw in ABDC. This new guys are overweight, have you ever seen a fat dude trying to breakdance? Yup. I was expecting some cool moves but no all I saw were some salsa dance this thing sucks.I give them 2 stars becouse I like the lighting...
4	I've been wanting to watch jabawakeez since ABDC.And although I support them and they were great, the stage was mediocre.You would think after almost a decade, they would have a decent stage with props.Also, sorry to say, the dancing was just more exaggerated on the ABDC show.  I loved the show, which had viewer's participation and comedy but it just had too much sexual innuendos and silliness.Little hard to follow the story since it was all over the place, like 10 people came up with segments and they just put it all together as one.  Wish they will have a better story and dancing with bigger stage next revamp.  Thought $75 was a bit much and is about $55 to $60 showcase.
5	BEST SHOW EVER !pros :very entertainingamazing dance movesbest music everfunny momentsgreat for kidsfun costumesone of the jabbawockeez ( the red one i believe) came out into the jabbawockeez gift shop before the show started and posed for any pictures with the fans!! cons:show ended too fast for me :(((wish it lasted longer! definitely going to go see it again .
5	FYI: Do not try to record or take pictures.  That's the first thing they say not to do or they will sue you.Amazing show!  I would definitely see it again.  Actually every time I go to Vegas from now on, I would make it a point to see them.  We were seated in the way back because we bought the tickets last minute and we needed 5 seats together and that was the only row available.  I believe it was Row GG.  Since the theatre was small and intimate, I don't think there's a bad seat in the house.Music was on point and it was really entertaining.  They had some crowd interactions which was pretty funny.  Must see!
2	Loved them on ABDC.   The show however was more about the miming less about the dance.  They seemed tired and lacking energy and to be very relaxed, half doing the moves.
5	To Kalehua & Troy. . .in your attempt to defame The Jabbawockeez, as a show and as a company, let me point out that you forgot to mention that both of you were intoxicated off of your rocker. The Jabbawockeez show has been running in Las Vegas now for a very STRONG almost FIVE years without a solitary incident and no slow of momemtum. Let me also point out that you both are very grown and consenting adults so you had complete exercise of your right to not to participate in the show. I've seen the show 100 times over and none of the particpinats are coersed or forced to stand up and step forward. .so, take responsibility for your own actions and the next time you attempt to defame any organization in an attempt of financial gain. . .make sure you tell the WHOLE story.To The Jabbawockeez. . .you guys have inspired so many lives since your inception in 2003 and you continue to. I've read stories of people who had lost hope but regained it aftei hearing you guys' testimonies and have even saved a young soul from committing suicide. God bless you all and continue to change lives. Your fan always, Tij
5	PRISM was definitely a fun show.  During our recent vacation to Sin City we sat down and looked over the list of shows that were playing.  We had already settled on our show for night one but the second night was still up in the air.  The show my wife originally chose I found out was not playing the weekend we were visiting so we were now on to plan B.  Plan B ended up being the Jabbawockeez and I could not have asked for a better show to close out our trip.We bought our tickets for the shows prior to making the long trek to Vegas to ensure good seating and this was definitely worth the price of admission.  After walking to The Luxor and claiming our VIP tickets (free upgrade through Vegas.com) we were seated second row center stage.  This was awesome and made you feel as if you were practically on stage with the dance troupe.  The show ran around 90 minutes in length and was filled start to finish with great music, sensational dance moves and choreography but also with many laugh and feel good moments as well.  Each color represents a different personality trait or set of emotions and each brings their own unique style and proponents to the fray.  Each performer plays off the other and this culminates in an extraordinary vision for the audience.  The Jabbawockeez, despite not talking can get you to feel their story through their emotions as you embark on the ride.  Another cool aspect of the show is the audience participation.  Throughout different scenes the various members of the group will pull an audience member to the stage to help them progress the scene.  This was a close call for my wife as she was nearly selected for the last scene which would have been epic (albeit a bit embarrassing).  The show has been changed up since their last residency in Vegas and really delivered a show that is fun for everyone from any age group. Do not be fooled by this being one of the older and longer running shows on the strip, I would definitely pay to see these guys again.  The show was non-stop and really is out to bring people together through the power of music, dance and amazing visual storytelling.  A definite MUST see in my opinion.
