5	I have lived here for approx. 3 months now. I signed a year lease upon move in. A friend of mine referred me to this apartment complex, and in turn he got $500 from the apartment owners for referring someone. That is a great deal if you ask me! Upon move in, my apartment was clean and freshly painted. Nothing was broken or dirty. If I have something that needs to be fixed, I'll submit a work order online and they are excellent about getting it done the same day, or the day after, even if you mark it as "low" priority. Also, the maintenance men always leave a note letting me know the work was completed. They are pet friendly, and 90% of people clean up after their pets. However, they DO breed discriminate (which is no longer legal in Nevada ((Assembly Bill 110 went into affect Oct 1, 2013)). The pool is clean, and quiet all the times I have been there. They do have a few cabanas, grills, and a covered area to hang out poolside as well. The complex is located ac cross from the North Las Vegas Police Department, and they often patrol the area. There are only 2 CONS. -As mentioned below, parking is a huge problem sometimes. -They have padlocks on their back passageway gates, preventing them from being used. This is rather inconvenient if you live in the back of the complex, and want to go for a walk outside of the complex. Overall, I would recommend Colonial Grand at Desert Vista to my friends.
1	At first when I moved in, all was great(See below review). I loved the place, suggesting it to my friends and everything. The past few months have been rapidly going downhill, which is why I decided to end my lease. Here are some reasons: -Literally NO ONE cleans up their dog poop. People let their dogs poop and pee on their balconies and let it sit in the hot sun until it...evaporates/melts into the concrete creating a terrible stink. I brought this issue to the front office multiple times..they did nothing.-The cable is NOT free. It is $45 a month, tacked onto your rent bill in the online portal. Neither is the water or trash. It is tacked onto your rent bill as well. -The people that live here are loud, ghetto, and leave their chicken bones everywhere (literally). At first when I moved in, it was mostly military members and their famlies. Not anymore! Seems Colonial Grand at Desert Vista scared them off after their bait and switch tactics. -There are no parking spots-EVER! If you get home at 6pm on a weekday, you are screwed. You will probably have to park outside the actual apartment gates. You are permitted one covered parking space per apartment(not assigned a specific spot). They give you a little blue pass to hang off your rearview mirror. Problem is..nobody enforces it! Upon moving out, you WILL be charged with two aditional months worth of utilities that they don't tell you about upon signing the closing or leasing agreement. (See screen shot). This pis*ed me off to no avail because I asked the lady upon closing if I owed Colonial Grand anything at all, and I signed a CONTRACT stating I owed nothing but cleaning fees ($75) which was fine and nominal. When I questioned the manager, Matt, about how this conract would hold up against these fees, his reply was "Oh..it won't." . Talk about irritating. So people, please save your time and live somewhere else. This is not a nice place to live!
1	I hate this place, so many military here and they do so much to screw you over. If you want to renew your lease they raise the rent, neighbors are loud and ghetto and like others have said it's terribleTo get parking. Pool is full of kids with nobody watching them.
