5	This by far is the best shop in the US to get any JDM parts for your car. The owner is very friendly and I can always count on him getting what I need. The best place to find some rare car parts!
1	Tried to see a DC5 Red Recaro Seats. Matt won't even show it off when we went there. BS about about too much time to get it or need an appointment. They have have been sitting on this for 3 months already. I guess they don't want my business. Always talking about taking picture for weeks. Will not ever buy from this seller. Go to hmotorsonline.com instead, they're more accommodating.
1	The lone star is for their service but not the product!The lone star is for their service but not the product!The lone star is for their service but not the product!My Miracle X Bar for 93 Acura Integra was purchased on October 27, 2013 and it was very surprising that I received it on December 18, 2013. I didn't think it'd take that long! I'm not stopping anyone from purchasing anything from them, but personally, I'm not sure if I'll be purchasing from them again!I wrote an email regarding the X Bar and it took almost a week before they replied.  Then my g/f wrote an email as well and it was never replied to. They said they're too busy so if that's the case, what's the purpose of them having an email address?!...IDK, maybe I'm being too harsh with this review but it was MY personal experience. Again, I don't discourage people to purchase from them and as a matter of fact, before purchasing from them, I've been calling all over the Bay Area to see if anyone else sold the X Bar and all fingers pointed to ICB so I had no choice, really. I also read a few comments online that some guy named Matt is very friendly but I guess I didn't encounter him.Every time I was on the phone with them, I can feel their rush cause my question(s) can barely be squeezed in. Truly sorry for the lone star but I didn't feel that accommodating service at all.
1	Well, the reviewers are correct. The service here is terrible. I ordered a "CIVIC TYPE R" decal for the rear quarter panels. When they asked if it was for the front or rear, I stated rear. I assume that meant rear hatch to them, so they sent me the incorrect decal. After I received it, I called them with the problem and said there was probably a miscommunication.  They asked me if it was in the original HONDA" package, and I said no, it was taped onto cardboard and inside a generic plastic bag. They said that one of their employees probably forgot, but send it back anyway. After I paid for another decal and received it, I still had not received a refund nor had heard from them. After a few more days, I called them and they said that I opened the package and tried to install it. I have owned my shop for 42 years and I knew it was the wrong part without even opening the plastic bag. When I told them that, they said I opened it and they would not give me a refund or credit. I told them to send it back to me and I will take care of it. This is just one venue to express my disappointment, which could have easily been resolved.
5	I have had a great experience with Matthew and the rest of the ICB Motorsports team everytime I have bought something from them. They are helpful and polite to my inexperienced questions both on the phone and in email, and even on personal levels like facebook. My parts are always shipped fast, and I always enjoy seeing what kind of goodie I'll receive in the next Package. Not only are they friendly and helpful to me, but they provide a lot of insight and parts for a lot of high quality Honda builds that are featured internationally. Pretty impressive!Recommended to everyone!
