4	Great!
5	I have been living in Dobson Bay Club for almost 10 years!!  I love this community.  In all the years I have lived here I have had such a great experience... so much so I moved away and came back because I missed the quite and secure atmosphere it provides.   The management team is awesome and easy to work with.  It is well kept and clean.  They have done many upgrades over the years and it is one of the best properties I have seen in the area. I feel like it is resort living!!  Thanks Dobson Bay for making it a great place to live!!!
5	We have lived here at Dobson Bay Club for the past 4 years. Let me tell you, there has been quite a bit of change over the course of those 4 years, and the change has been all for the better! The complex is no longer under the ownership of Rossmar & Graham, which turned out to be a great thing for all residents. The new owners have been determined to clean this complex up, and bring it back to the standards it originally had when the condo conversions first began.  They repainted, cleaned, fixed important things like all of the roofs, the complex is now night and day when compared to when we first bought our condo here.I especially appreciate how management has cracked down on things like dog poop and noisy kids. It's actually super chill here and super clean! The Condos are very comfortable as well. I can't say what it's like to rent here because we own, but owning right now has truly been a pleasure. This place does feel like a resort, the pool is gorgeous and HUGE (there is a spa, but they seem to be working on it right now) everything is well manicured and clean (if you come by now, tho, they are changing to winter grass, so it looks brown, but soon it will be beautiful again) We own a three bedroom condo, let me tell you, it feels like a house inside! These units are HUGE! People always comment on the size when they come to visit, it's hard to find condos of this size in this area. Living in Dobson has had it's perks as well. We enjoy all of the privileges that other Dobson residents enjoy, it truly is an outstanding community.
