4	I was excited when I saw on the Delano website that 3940 Coffee and Tea offers afternoon tea - I love afternoon tea and I was going to be staying at the hotel so how perfect was that?!  I did not see any information on tea reservations on the website, so I called the hotel to inquire about it.  The person I spoke with did not sound too knowledgeable when asked about afternoon tea reservations, and even sounded as if she was reading straight from the website while I was speaking with her.  In the end she told me that 3940 was a walk-in only establishment, so walk in is what we did.Imagine our disappointment when we were informed that afternoon tea was by 24-hour advance notice only.  After explaining the above to the barista, he spoke with a manager in the back, Tiffany, who then came out to speak with us.  We were told that due to the busy season being over that there were less employees; therefore, afternoon tea could no longer be offered on a daily basis.  We were going to be in town for such a short amount of time and could not squeeze their afternoon tea any other time during our stay, so the manager apologized for the misinformation on the website and over the phone and made sure we did not leave disappointed.  She offered to make us our teas herself even though it was something she had not really done before, and even brought us some pastries - all on the house!  We basically got our afternoon tea after all, without the savory sandwiches, though.  That by all means was okay with us, as we were well taken care of by management.  Thank you, Tiffany, for serving us personally and making sure we left happy customers :)Afternoon tea is no longer listed on the website, so if you are interested, I would suggest rather than calling actually going to 3940 to ask about it and make reservations - just give 24 hours advance notice.  (Assuming that they are still doing afternoon tea.)  If it's still offered, I highly suggest it - teas were tasty and pastries fresh and yummy!  Cozy living room feel to the place also - part coffee shop, part cozy living room.  It would have been nice to taste their sandwiches as well, but maybe next time :)
