4	This Caribou location in Matthews is "our" coffee shop on the weekends. We have become regulars--stopping in with our bagels from next door at Brueggers and settling into a table or chair for a few hours of reading the paper, internet surfing and general weekend relaxation. The staff knows us by name and drink order and even softly teases my husband about his sort of girly travel cup. They learned all about our house hunt and always checked in with us to see how it was going when we stopped in. It's the first place in Charlotte I've ever felt like a regular as a customer and even though we've moved farther away from this Caribou now, we'll still make the trip on weekends to see our barista buddies.
4	Caribou is my preferred coffee chain (yes, I know, chains are evil, but sometimes you like to know what to expect), and this particular store, being within walking distance of my abode, is my most frequently-visited location.  The staff is friendly and the coffee is good.  This store is a little smaller than some of its brethren.  This makes it pretty cozy, but also means it can get rather crowded in the evenings and on the weekends.  During peak hours, you might not get one of the comfy leather chairs.  This can be a disappointment if you are wanting to settle in with a cuppa and a novel.  During the afternoons, however, you can usually camp out for an hour or so without annoyance.  There is a distinct group of regulars at this Caribou, and they are an interesting and colorful bunch.So yeah, this is my regular haunt for close-to-home coffee, though I have been known to go to the larger facility on North Sardis when I suspect this one might be overflowing with people.
4	When I do get coffee or the urge for caffine, I'd probably pick Caribou over those other chains.  I still haven't really found a homey mom and pop corner coffee shop, but I haven't exactly been looking that hard either.This location is pretty convenient and the people are nice - not a huge location so it seems like there are always people here.  May be hard when you come and it's busy to get a table/place to sit.I happened to wander in after having a hearty meal at Chipotle next door.  Good way to cap the dinner off... unfortunately I was wired for the rest of the night.  A+ on the effective caffeine content of your coffee.... F for me for not being smart and drinking coffee after dinner on a Sunday night.   Monday was quite a long day after a sleepless night.  Fail on my part.
4	I will concede that chains = evil, but I ask for a reprieve: it's walking distance from my home and I'd have to play Frogger on Hwy 51 to get to Dilworth Coffee. For my personal safety (and some tasty drinks) this Caribou is my place of choice.I am an aspiring coffee drinker, and while I'm not an aficionado yet, I can tell when a place uses good quality coffee beans, and on the whole Caribou uses some pretty good beans. They don't over roast their beans and the staff here (in addition to being super friendly) don't over brew the coffee. They also offer plenty of non-coffee drinks that are equally great, too, as well as a small assortment of baked goodies.  As others have said, this particular Caribou is pretty small and can feel crowded fast, but on days with decent weather I have no problem sitting outside. Another plus: it isn't as easily overtaken by obnoxious high school kids like the Starbucks down the street.
4	It's your typical coffee shop. The bathrooms were clean and service friendly.
1	I am quite sad that this location closed. It had been my hangout for years, and business always seemed steady. A sign directs former patrons to the location at Galleria, which is not nearly as cozy or convenient.Bad decision, Caribou corporate!
