5	Phillip Boldt is an expert in A/C and shares his experience with you when you hire him.  Phillip worked with my unit until it was programmed exactly the way I want it.  Phillip is as good as you can find.  I recommend his company for A/C work
5	This guy is awesome. He makes sure everything is done exactly the right way. Absolute perfectionist. I highly recommend him to anyone that needs heating and air service.
5	I found this company just by chance. But was very pleasantly surprised by professionalism, timeliness and quality of the service. Phillip was very prompt, provided good explanation of the issue and made the repairs with a reasonable price tags. I have used services of Boldt twice and am very satisfied. Would highly recommend.
5	Our AC went out on a Saturday night and he Phillip came out right away and went out to get the part. He got it done by 10pm on that sake Saturday night and was very nice and professional. He was very affordable and flexible. The next night our breaker box was broken so we called him to ask if it could have anything to do with the AC, and he said it didn't. He even called us the next morning to see if we got the breaker box and if there was anything he could do. He and his staff were great and we would recommend him to anyone and would use him again if needed (although we hope we don't have it break again ).
5	So my AC went "out" over the weekend, and so I saw the good reviews for Boldt, and they were close, so I gave them a call. They got here quick, and took a look. He gave me honest feedback on the unit (old and failing enough to be replaced). But, he was very much also looking to save me money. He gave me good recommendations for the future, but got me going today at a good price.  Good stuff. I will be calling them again.
5	Phillip is the man! Our AC units for the restaurant went down with 110 degree heat and he was out asap to help us out. Very knowledgeable and friendly.. I highly recommend!
5	We came home from vacation to find our AC unit running but nothing coming from the vents. We found Boldt on Yelp and called. Phillip answered right away and we had him at our house in about an hour. He inspected our system and showed me exactly what was wrong and we went over a few options to fix it and he gave me a quote. He arrived the next morning soon as the rain cleared and fixed our system. (this was on the day of the insane rainstorm that flooded everything in Phoenix). He was very pleasant and professional and the work got done at a VERY reasonable price (exactly the amount quoted). 100% calling him again if ever our system goes down.
5	This summer my AC unit went out. I found Boldt here on Yelp, and made a call. They were out in a couple of hours, and looked at the system that has been giving me problems for a few years now.  They got it back up and running again, but told me that I needed a new unit (and showed me on my roof why - the previous tech had warned me this was coming, so I was not surprised). But, he told me not to replace it until the winter - and he would give me a discount then on parts and labor.  It ran fine, until the other day - and the heater would now not come on.  It was time to just get it done right.We called Philip up to come out and look the entire thing over. This 20 year old house was bought by me new, but corners were cut on construction. Well, the duct work was shoddy, not properly sealed, and not sized correctly. Plus, I wanted an additional register over my desk. So, we did a whole AC system replacement. New R14 roof package (with a 10 year parts/labor warranty!), new duct work (R8 - not R4 like the old stuff), some additional registers, additional return register, new thermostat (a nice one - I did not expect - a gift from Philip!). They came in Friday AM, and were done on Saturday. They were professional, kind, and worked hard to get the job done in a timely manner. They left the house clean. Will I call them again. You betcha!
5	Phillip came out to my house and replaced the motor.  Straight forward guy that explained everything and answered all of my questions.  Didn't try to sell me on anything I didn't need.  Highly recommended.
5	Great company and great service.  Had to call twice and came next available time once during the same day.  Very flexible and very professional, takes time to explain but is not condescending as other service people may be.  I would HIGHLY recommend for any heating or A/C work, very honest and very reasonable price, this company will be getting all my services in the future for any heating or A/C work.  Thanks Boldt for the exceptional service and your professionalism.
5	We have HEAT ! Happy Wife - Happy Life ! Thanks to my new go to guy, I will never call anyone else for HVAC needs. Phillip was awesome. Very honest and very reasonable. Thanks Brooo !
