1	Not that great, didn't even get to stick around for NFG when our friend got thrown out for BREAKING UP A FIGHT. Can't believe I paid $20 for that.
1	Seriously, fuck this place.I been here two years ago and the lineups and talents were much better. Also the sizes of the stages nowadays shrunk big time. Territory wise, it's about HALF the size it was two years ago, assuming if you walk ALL the way to the very back. Port-o-Johns are very few and scarce in between now. But the worst part is the lying assed bouncer that told all of us that we can leave and come back in on the same ticket. Now we used to be able to do this two years ago, but now when I came back in, the fucker scanned my ticket and says I gotta BUY A NEW ONE! Another fucking $20? There is nothing but shit dubstep on stages that were meant for METAL. I used to switch between all the stages during when the faggy sounding bands started playing. But now all the metal bands have been booted off the lineup and replaced with dubstep "artists" that make "robots taking a dump sounds" in every fucking corner of the event. The bouncer wasn't even liking his job. He gave us a sigh and says "YES! YOU CAN COME BACK IN" before we left, like he was asked that thousands of times before. There is no quality about the security staff here, all Extreme Thing did is pick a fat guy off the street and gave him a one day job to yell at minors.
4	Firstoff, this event is cheap as hell. It is more economical than the cost of a regular ole' concert these days. That has to be taken into account by Yelpers reviewing right? Right? Apparently not for this listing. Reviewers expect Coachella VIP climate-controlled restrooms, golf carts -- complete with complementary champagne --  to zip you from stage to stage, and hologram performances of all their favourite rockers from yesteryear, all for 17$ (including LET). Get real. You are not going to run into Lindsey Lohan, Paris Hilton, or Danny DeVito here. I must say before I continue that my lone experience with this event is the 2013 iteration. I cannot judge it to Extreme Things of the past. I will not judge it with major music festivals because entry to this event did not set me back 300$ USD.  I had thought about going in past years but there were always conflicting shows and Extreme Thing did not win out. In any case, this year's ET was an enjoyable time for me. I heard everyone I wanted to hear this year: The Aquabats! (who alone I have paid in excess of the ticket price for ET) and Sage Francis, who I had never heard live as far as I can remember (too many hip hop festival memories live in a haze) and who absolutely was worth the price of admission by himself (and then some). Could it be better? Yeah. Is it good enough for 17$-20$? Uh, have you purchased a concert ticket in the last ten years?There are no in-and-outs, and I mean the practice of coming in and out of gates, not the fast food establishment. Big fucking deal. Plan ahead. The individuals complaining -- and there were many -- clearly have internet capabilities in order to go all over the world wide webs griping about the (new?) policy. So they could have checked the website and seen that it CLEARLY stated that there were no ins and outs before attending this year.They do not allow food or refillable water bottles either, but I easily snuck in the former and they let pass the latter because it was plastic (with the explicit directive not to take it out [which I did not until I was at the water fountain filling up or when drinking; in other words, I took it out]). This is a good little music festival for the price they charge for admission. - E
3	I've been going to shows for a good 12+ years, and this is my first year going to the extreme thing. I won the tickets through a Yelp give-away, but I was planning on purchasing the tickets anyway, because my sister-in-law and I always see Taking Back Sunday every year that they come to Vegas. This was our 4th time seeing them together. She got the stage times so we planned to arrive at 7:00PM just before The Used. Security was easy enough and the ticketing people were very sweet. The crowd however is another story... SO many douchey teens. The Used was really cliche in general, asking people to make a big mosh circle (why do they need to be told) and a wall of death? And pretty much suggesting that we riot against security, promoting anarchy, blah blah blah. When I was 15, I would have thought he was pretty badass, but as an adult, I just wanted him to shut his mouth. Taking Back Sunday came on at 9PM, just as the stage sets suggested, and were off right at 10. They played several of their greatest hits as well as new things, but WHAT IS UP WITH THE CROWD SURFING!? Back in the good old days of The Huntridge and House of Blues, they used to kick people out for crowd surfing. Here, I literally saw the same stupid idiot crowd surfing 10 times in one set. How is this happening? Crowd surfers are such selfish little kids. I had a girl thrown onto my head, therefore pushing my head forward into the back of someone's skull so when she plummeted to the ground, I was about to kick her butt once she stood up. I gave her a big shove, and security was on me like white on rice, suggesting that I settle down. They also did a really good job most of the time catching the crowd surfers. I just wish they would escort them out! Overall, dirt cheap, 1.5 good band(s), good security, douchey bros. It's about what I expect from an extreme thing. Probably won't be back unless Paul McCartney or Brand New shows up. HA!
3	Aw the show memories. Extreme Thing indeed brought back the memories of being 16 years old, wearing grunge clothing that was way too big for me, and moshing until I had bruises. Honestly the only main changes were the lack of clothing, and the change in music. The closest thing you got to a Dub Step stage back then was Crystal Method. Now, you have raver girls on stage with the same wig, Go-Going to some hiphop/punk-rock/dub-step mix, with a mosh pit??? Yes this really happened. The strong smell of weed, beer, and BO was the same, but the people have changed quite a bit. It was strange watching kids half my age talk about how hard core they are. Inside I don't feel that old, so I am laughing. Most likely they are laughing right back at me. Back when it was OBC (Our Big Concert), there still were multiple stages but not as many bands. I think there were at least 30! It was hard to get a schedule or know exactly what to look for. It would have actually worked out better in a bigger location. I was shocked at how crowded things were. Most vendor lines moved quick. You had options from clothing brands, to deep fried Oreos. The wrestling was pointless. Didn't attract a huge crowd and people seemed more interested in the battle of the bands. Locals supporting locals. Love that. The BMX was cool because you could see it from anywhere, so you could be eating a hotdog and then BOOM, backflip before your eyes.The no re-entry may be a stupid rule, but I actually agree. You have 75% of people attending under the age of 21. If they were allowed to leave and come back, there would be a much higher drug, alcohol, and overdose rate. We left around 8pm, and seen someone who could not walk on her own. She was on an ambulance within moments.As a parent, your crazy if you let a kid under the age of 16 go to this. If you are a curious parent, spend an hour here, and you will learn way more than you ever hoped for. Promise.Thanks Yelp Las Vegas and Drew-boo for the tix. Even if I was too old, I still rocked it like I wasn't!
2	Oh, concerts.  I feel like there was a point in time when they weren't so terrible to go to.I've been to Extreme Thing before a few years back, so I was expecting something similar to that this year - essentially, like Warped Tour with a decent atmosphere and plenty of space for attendees and stages.How times change.The event is a steal at $20 for a ticket and free parking for an all-day concert fest jam-packed with rad rock/alternative/metal bands.  That's kind of where the awesome stops.Not only is it overcrowded now but the old person in me may be starting to creep out - concert "kids" are just douchey these days.  They have zero consideration for anyone as they just push or walk without looking because they're too busy browsing/posting on Facebook/Instagram.  And do you really need to post a status every couple of minutes on the band you're watching literally 20 feet in front of you?  Oh, and record EVERY. SINGLE. SONG?  Get over yourselves.  I am trying to watch a concert that doesn't involve viewing it through your crappy iPhone.I can't even drown myself in booze as there is no alcohol allowed at the event.Aside from a horrible scene, the food is mediocre at best with no place to really sit and the vendors this year compared to a few years ago were just bad with nothing of interest.The stages were significantly smaller, too - they put Taking Back Sunday on a stage that's probably half to three-fourths the size of House of Blues' stage.  Which, by the way, was supposed to be Extreme Thing's "main stage."  Yeah, no.  It really wasn't.Had it not been for one of my favorite bands from my avid concert-going years, Finch, I probably wouldn't have bothered this year.  I'd rather just pay more and see them somewhere with booze.  Lots of booze.  And no little 19 year olds posting on Facebook how omgdope the band is.
