4	For the price this place can't be beat! I moved here a little over a month ago and I have had a great experience so far. Neighbors are friendly and polite, dogs are welcome but you don't have all the problems associated with dogs like poop every where and barking all night long. There is a lot to keep myself and my kids entertained here and the staff is responsive and helpful. The outlying neighborhood is not the greatest but they do a pretty good job keeping it nice and safe with security guards and the security gates. The only complaint I have is that you do have to be very careful about what you put on your patio. If it is worth anything and can be easily moved (ie bikes, nice pots, etc) it will probably be taken! Otherwise it is a great little community and I would recommend to others.
4	We've only lived here about a month and so far so good! The gym is great we use it often, we also used the theatre which was pretty cool too! There is always coffee in the internet cafe which is nice, it does close early so you can't go down after work or anything. Our apartment is nice, high ceilings and okay appliances, nice balcony as well. I did see one baby scorpion in my apartment but when I called down and left a message they sent someone to spray my place within a few days. The reason for the 4 star is the fact that the sun doesn't hit the pool area much which really sucks but not much that can be done there the trees are high, it is a nice pool area though with barbecue too! I would recommend this place.
2	The property was beautiful, but the service was terrible. The apartment was not ready on the date we had agreed on two months earlier. It reeked of paint, and the carpet and wood floors had glue seeping up, which had stuck to someone's shoe (before we arrived) and had been tracked throughout. They did discount our monthly rent in exchange for leaving the carpet in the state it was in, because in order for them to fix it, we wouldn't have been able to move in on that date, which was not an option. There appeared to be mold in the shower, and dings and paint chips on the walls and floor. The apartment seemed to be generally not ready to be inhabited, as if they just never got to it.After that initial unpleasantness, our tenure at Estates was mostly fine. The theater room is only open while the office is open, which means you can't use it at evening or night. The gym was pretty nice and open 24 hrs. The neighbors are nice for the most part. One of our next door neighbors would let her dog poop all over and not clean it up, but that seemed to be the exception. The security gate was nice to have, even though it's open all day while the office is open. When we moved out, we received only $25 of our $185 deposit back because, as they claimed, we didn't clean the apartment well enough. Apparently when you give your 60 day notice, they give you an intent-to-vacate form with a checklist of what needs to be cleaned and how well it needs to be cleaned. I say "apparently" because we never received this form or the list, and thus we didn't clean to their standards. I have lived in 3 other apartments, and I have never received less than the full deposit amount. I have also never received any kind of intent-to-vacate form, so I had no idea they even provided this. When we tried to reason with them, they kept saying we didn't meet the cleaning standards, of which we were not aware. I would recommend looking elsewhere to live. The rent was a bit high, especially considering the neighborhood and the behavior of the staff.
4	Pros:*Well kept apartment complex and landscape*Maintenance crew are on top on things.*The people who worked there were great and helpful*24hr gym*Good prices for apartments*a lot of gas grills for BBQ*recreation center is great*I didn't have experience with any break ins or stolen thing from my Apt or vehicle ( I lived 3rd floor).Cons:*security guards were there but haven't noticed them recently.*front gate is always broken. Please fix or get a better gate.*when it rains, the drain in our parking structure gets clogged up so we can't get into our cars. I believe it's the only parking structure next to building 10. Everywhere else is good I believe. *thin walls*location isn't the best. You will hear police choppers at night in the surrounding area.I'd say my experience was great and it out weighs the cons. I would live there again!
