5	I brought my 21 and 15 year old daughters.  We brought some wine and sparkling cider.   It was a great girls night out.  I would have been just as fun with some girlfriends.  The teachers were patient, helpful, positive, and didn't rush us.  We had a great time!
5	A friend and I bought a deal for it and now we're hooked. The owners are extremely nice and helpful. The teachers are great, they take time to make sure you understand how to do things and make it easy even if you aren't the best artist or an artist at all. I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a girls night out or even a date night.
4	Paint and party is a great place to spend a few hours of your night painting and having a few beers or glasses of wine.  We picked our own painting to paint, but typically, the artist has one piece of art that everyone paints and the artist goes over each step with you to completion.  Staff is very nice.  Good deal.
5	A couple of friends and I went to Paint and Party last night and had a BLAST!  The women there were great hostesses and helpful as instructors.  We all left there with paintings we were proud to call our own.  Everyone is planning on going back with more friends as well as our kids.  I highly recommend this fun, creative experience!
5	went with my girlfriend and we convinced out boyfriends to come!  it was so much fun.  we all brought wine and painted pix and just had a lovely time.  we totally took over. it was small and the staff was so friendly.  Love it.
5	Had my daughters 10th bday party there and it was great. I  would recommend this place to anyone..
5	What's really amazing about paint and party is that you can go there was no artistic ability whatsoever and still come away with a great painting.  I had never painted before in my life but the instructors walk you through step-by-step so that you really can't make any kind of serious mistake.  The end result is that you have a painting that you can actually impress people with.As far as it being a party, that depends on whether you go as a group or whether it's just you and a friend.  If it's just you and a friend it's going to end up being more of a painting class than a  party.  But it's still an enjoyable time and I highly recommend it.
5	I have been to Paint and Party numerous times and love it more and more every time!! Donna is amazingly helpful and always has a smile! The Morelli's love love this place and will continue going!!!
5	This is a fun and unique way to play in Las Vegas. The instructor was wonderful at giving guidance and direction as we completed our masterpieces. She was great at reminding us it was about having fun. All the supplies and materials were provided (except the bottle of wine). It was fun to be able to leave with a nice painting to hang on the wall as a memento. A great place that I would recommend to anyone visiting Vegas. A great alternative to the hustle and bustle of The Strip.
5	This was such a fun experience! It was our first time ever doing this since art class in 3rd grade!We worked with Donna during "open paint" and had such a nice time. We went during an afternoon and timed it perfectly so we had the place to ourselves (we didn't want to be amongst children).  It was like our own private studio and private lesson. They supply everything from ideas/inspiration to canvas, supplies, and smocks.  We did not have to set up or clean up, it was awesome! The music was relaxing and we were in our own little world. Although you cannot drink alcohol here, that was not a problem. There is no time to drink and I realized that even if I did have a glass of wine at my painting station, I would not drink it because I wouldn't want to screw up my painting and my paint brush would probably end up in my wine glass! We had brought our own waters and I maybe took two sips in the 3 hours we were there. I was so focused, I forgot to hydrate!  However, we did go have a drink afterwards! If you have questions or concerns just call them, they are super friendly and very accommodating.
5	I had so much fun painting for the first time!  Donna is so sweet and helpful!  This is such a fun activity to do with friends or with a date.  I would definitely do this again!
4	I experienced Paint and Party at 89XXXhibition and loved it!They provided a table with paint, a canvas, a couple brushes, water, and a type of poncho to keep my clothes from getting dirty. No real instructions except "knock yourself out and have fun." They encouraged me and those around as well with what ever they may have been doing with their paint.Pretty awesome. I'll keep them in mind. This was really fun.
4	I haven't picked up a paintbrush since like, Kindergarten, but this was so much fun!  I was a little intimidated at first, but with help from Donna and Matt, I created a painting that I am very proud of.  Relaxed, fun environment and you can create whatever you wish - you don't have to stick with the "painting of the day".  My friend and I went over the scheduled time, but Donna and Matt were willing to stay the extra few minutes and help us to finish up so we wouldn't have to come back another day - that was very nice.  I love that all the set up and clean up is done for you and also that they have a permanent studio instead of mobile locations.  The only improvements I would make would be to have the "instructors" do more instructing - there were times I felt a bit lost and there were 8 or 10 of us to just 2 instructors and everyone was painting something different so all of us were looking for individual help.  But when I DID get the help, Matt was great about showing and demonstrating the different strokes and techniques that I wanted to achieve.A very fun girls night and I look forward to bringing my kiddos here - they will love it!
4	My first and only experience with Paint and Party was at the Yelper Party: 89XXXhibition Event.  They were set up immediately to the left when you walked in, so it was hard not to miss.  When we arrived, no one was painting yet as I think most people were a bit shy to be first.  But by the time we returned, there was definitely a wait to get a seat.They had small canvases set up, along with a smock to keep your clothes clean and they provided you with all the other necessary materials like paint colors, paper towels, and paintbrushes.  This was an open painting session - so you can paint whatever you wanted.  The staff walked around to assist you with any other things you might need and were quick about getting each station set up for the next person waiting.The Husband and I had such a great time and spent most of our evening here.  As a result, we started looking into other painting activities.  I recently came across their brick and mortar location on Eastern near the Regal Colonnade Theater.  They also do private parties and can bring everything to you.  The Husband spent a bit more time talking to the staff and thought they were great.  Definitely a company will consider visiting again.
5	I came here for my girl friend's birthday. She decided to celebrate her bday in a deferent way this year. It was my first time to paint on canvas.  Everything was prepared before we arrived. (Brushes, color paint, canvases) I have to admit I have no talent in drawing, painting and whatever. However, instructor made everything seemed easy! She showed us step by step. Time went fast. An hour and half passed, and I had my first painting in front of me. It came out pretty good! I was very proud of myself. Everyone in our group had tons of fun. We all got a very good deal from groupon. Class was hold inside Havanna. So, I got to eat, drinking sangria, and paint at the same time. It was a great experience!
5	I have now been to their studio two times for painting parties.   The first time I went it was taking my daughter to a kids painting party.  I was very impressed at the amount of time and patience they gave to each and every kid (Party of 14).  We had kids (ok adults too) who were afraid to pick up the brush and swore they cant even draw a stick man. (Yes that was me the adult).   Donna gives such clear instructions that there is no way you can not turn out your very own masterpiece!     The second time i went it was an adult ladies party.   I had a little more confidence this time around and tried something a little more daring.   Yes I did a beach scene.   I just knew I was going to come home and toss it in the trash.    That painting is now hanging in my husbands office at his work.    Even I am proud of the work that I was able to create.    Now understand none of this is something I could have or would have done alone.   Donna is wonderful and showing a stroke and then letting you do it.   She helps you to think outside of the box!    Thanks Paint and Party, I look forward to visiting you again!
4	This is the first time I had done this and had a lot of fun.  Went for a bachelorette party and actually painted a fairly good painting for my first time.  Had good instruction. I would definitely do it again.
4	The artist was very helpful and allowed the group (of 8) to paint different paintings from one another. She balanced the unique demands of each person and supplied paint refills as needed. The vibe is relaxed and a good environment for kids and groups. They are no frills so don't expect wine as most painting parties have.
