5	Of all the Samurai Sam's in the Valley, I like this one the best.  For some reason the chicken is always so much better here - I don't know why but its seriously better here.  I really like the manager guy who is always there (can't remember his name) he always remembers what I order and asks me how business is going.  I really like when chain restaurants aren't so commercial.
1	Nice guy behind the counter, but very stingy on the meat. I asked for 2 dishes, both "Large" meaning extra meat but it still was paltry. I asked for a meat/chicken combo w/brown rice and he got it right. I also asked for a large white meat chicken with NO rice, but more veggies. I guess that was too complicated.Both dishes served in a plastic bowl 5/6th full of rice, a thin layer of veggies and a thinner layer of meat.It took exactly 75 seconds for my order to be passed to me. If this was McDonald's , that'd be normal.  For a teriyaki place, that's an obvious indication of 'pre-cookery' so who knows how long ago the meat was made.I just moved here and I really hope this isn't the best Teriyaki this area has to offer.I also got some chicken wrap thing, which was actually pretty good, well 2 of them as that was my own "delivery reward".Paid $19 for the entire order.I won't go back since I'm not into paying all that $$ for a huge bowl of rice and very little meat.This place would not last 1 week in Seattle. (or many other places for that matter)
5	Awesome as usual. I can't say anything bad about this Sammy Sams!
1	I remember going to Sam's back in the day in Vegas and it was a fresh, easy fast-food spot. Yeah, not anymore - at least not this one. We walked in and the place looked like a strip-mall Chinese food place that hadn't been updated in decades and we wondered what had happened. The place was dirty. You can't see where the food is made, and maybe that was a good thing. We still ordered, and ate, cause we were too tired to stop anywhere else and hoped the food still stood up to memory. The drink station looked like it hadn't been cleaned in....a long time. Food and randoms all crusted in the corners of the containers the plastic utensils and sauce packets were in - yeah, no thanks, we will use our utensils at home. And yeah - the food was gross. Didn't seem fresh at all and just soggy. Seems like Sam's (at least this one) has seen it's Golden Years and now is just in decline. Oh well.
5	Went in after a shift at work and was starving. I just had a baby 11 weeks ago so I'm trying to watch what I eat. They have new flavors of sauces that Louis showed me and samples me on. So I ordered the all white meat chicken with brown rice and veggies. I asked for extra broccoli and less rice. Louis took the time to show me if it was enough rice and veggies or sauce. You can tell you have some one working for you that cares about the customer. Thanks Louis
4	Been going to this location for quite a few years now, very consistent quality and the staff is always super friendly.  I usually get the large teriyaki bowl with brown rice after the gym for some good carbs and protein.
1	This place used to be really awesome back in the day. Now it sucks. Maybe others are better but this location is no bueno.
5	Noodles w/chicken breast was great, my family enjoyed their meals as well.  Customer service was great.
2	The food isn't bad but the older Hispanic gentleman who works the cash register has poor customer service skills and could use a couple lessons on manners. Nobody wants to take food from a jackass.
3	The outdated, faded menu makes you feel like you are ordering at a concession stand at a baseball game. The food is decent, but nothing special. I have had the teriyaki bowl, egg rolls, and the Thai Peanut bowl. The sauces were very tasty, but they go a little light on the protein and veggies, especially for the price. When Samurai Sam's was new on the scene, they seemed to be innovative and making something others weren't or doing it better. Now, it appears they have cut corners and fallen behind their competitors.
