4	I stayed here for 3 nights and overall it was great. Easy checkin, nice and clean rooms, and it was very quiet which is great. Only negatives were it took a very long time for our room to cool down the first night and our TV made an awful beeping noise every time I changed the channel. Not a big deal but still a little annoying. I'll stay here again if I'm back in the area.
5	I went onto Hotwire the other day and booked a hotel that is suppose to be only 3 stars.  I didnt know the hotel but I had to keep it cheap and this place is what I got.  I am so lucky!  this place was amazing! The room was really clean, the staff is very helpful, the morning breakfast was pretty tasty and best of all it was really cheap in comparison to all of the other hotels in the area.  It was at least $100 less then the ones in the same area. Oh and there is a refrigerator and a microwave in the room!!
3	Happily surprised. Holiday Inns can be a little "hit or miss" but this one was good. Easy check in, very clean recently remodeled rooms. Loved the shower and the bed. Overall great for the price.
4	I stayed in this hotel for a couple of days earlier this month when visiting Phoenix on business. I selected this hotel as it was close to my customer's office and was within $100/day. The location is convenient off the 101 and 51 at the far end of a dead end street.Check in and check out was as smooth as ever. The room was spacious and air conditioning worked well and rooms were cleaned neatly each day.What I did not like was that the internet was sketchy and disconnected frequently. This was a pain as I had to keep disconnecting and reconnecting very five minutes. The television set in the fitness room did not work so the 30 minutes on the treadmill was dreadful and finally the hot and fresh cinnamon roll that Holiday Inn Express is famous for was crap and fit for the dustbin.Overall was good enough for a short stay specially considering the price paid - but I would have surely moved out if I had to stay longer. In case I need to return for another short stint I'll give it another shot but not otherwise.
5	I stay in Holiday Inn Expresses nearly every week, across the country. This one is one of my favorites. The staff are friendly and courteous. We were warmly welcomed as IHG members and given the opportunity for bonus points.I have stayed here several times and the rooms are spacious. Microwave and refrigerator in room make things convenient and one can chill those water bottles so that one can survive the brutal heat outside.If I had one complaint, it's that the room took a while to cool down. This is an energy efficient hotel, so the key needs to be inserted at the wall to power the room. Very nice thought for our precious environment.Breakfast is good - cinnamon rolls, biscuits, gravy, eggs, turkey sausage, oatmeal, yogurt, fruit, etc.Nice place and I would recommend it.
5	This is actually a pretty nice hotel. The staff was very friendly and the rooms were clean. I have never seen such a nice continental breakfast. The pool is really shallow, but otherwise I  had a pleasant stay.
