4	Let's start with their waiting room. It's no JiffyLube. Their lobby is decorated like the sanctuary of a high end salon. And that's just the beginning of your experience when you choose this auto service location.I took my car here for an oil change. Had a coupon and had never been to one of these shops (found out after talking with the desk manager that there are a few of these across the valley) before. Their service is excellent. They did not treat  me  like a second class citizen for having the discount, they were respectful, and went beyond the value of the service to completely check out my car. When I picked it up, they presented me with a check list that everything was OK. What? When was the last time that happened? Nothing required. Nothing additional needed. Just a completely free service on my car and a free analysis that resulted in no additional repairs and total piece of mind.I'm a fan. I will be back. This is my new favorite auto repair shop in Scottsdale. Check them out. Their absolute honesty and service philosophy will shock you.
4	Word of mouth says that this car repair shop is worth four stars. Carlife was recommended by a dear friend, a young man we consider to be an adopted son. The transmission on our '08 Acadia died. Since they opened in July, Carlife seems to be gaining a very professional reputation. We're hoping that their quality of work and price will be something to brag about. I'll do follow-up comments when the Acadia is fixed. Good, bad or indifferent, I'll let you know.
2	I went there for a scheduled oil change that they told me would take 45 minutes. After being there for about an hour I asked them what the hold up was because I could see my car on the lift without anyone working on it. Apparently they drained the oil from my car then realized they did not have the right filter. (Granted my car is very common.) They had to call a parts store down the road and were waiting for the filter to be delivered. Without me inquiring they did not seem very communicative. They also should have known my car was coming in and ensured they had the right parts before beginning the work. They tried to make it right by giving me a gift card and coupon to Chick Fillet. Overall, my oil change took nearly 2 hours!
5	CLEAN facility and honest staff!I had never heard of Carlife before and found out about them through Groupon.   Great overall experience.  Oil change took about 45 minutes and the lobby is very nice and clean.  I didn't mind waiting at all.  I overheard some transactions with customers and the mechanics seemed to be very honest.  So happy with this place and that it is close to my new home!
5	Nothing short of impressive. I took my 2002 dodge intrepid in because the A.C. wasn't working. The staff was kind and honest and got to working on it right away. The problem turned out to be extensive and hard to figure out but Elsie, the manager, was so professional and kind. Even paid for me to have a rental car while they figured out mine! She kept me up to date and went above and beyond any expectations I had. We didn't have to pay for any services/fixes that did not fix the issue as is the case at many other car places. When I went to pick up my car I found they had done extra services for free to help make up for the time it took to diagnose and fix my car including polishing the headlights and oil change. The care, professionalism, and attitude of the staff here made me a lifelong customer. I will recommend them to anyone and everyone I meet!
5	Yesterday, my battery died outside of Ulta Cosmetics in the Pavilions. We tried to jump start it with no luck. The manager (owner? Eddie?) of Car Life came over to the shopping center and was able to jump start it. Then, he lead us out of the shopping center in the safest, easiest way. Even though it was .5 miles away, it was like driving in an oven. There was so little juice in the battery the windows wouldn't go down and the air conditioner, naturally, would not work. First thing that happened when we walked into the waiting room? Offered a bottle of water...so appreciated! Even though I was there with my boyfriend, I really appreciate seeing women at the counter. Most car places are staffed by guys. I don't assume that they're going to talk down to me, but men do speak a different language than women. The women seemed knowledgeable about cars, which was cool.The shop and waiting room are super, clean and shiny. This was not like the icky experience of going into a Jiffy Lube or regular mechanic shop. There was no TV in the waiting room (that I noticed) which I also really appreciated. At most places, the first thing that happens in the oily smelling waiting room that you're in, is that you get bombarded with negative news from the TV or obnoxious sports broadcasts.Anyway, I got a long life battery that I feel really confident in, and am very happy with the service. This place is a little far from where I live but I think it would be worth the drive to go back. I'd highly recommend it because it really takes the edge off the usual discomfort of bring your car in for repairs.
1	I got new tires on my car in Mar, a week ago I went in for a rotation and the front tires were worn down to the steel bands on the front tires, YIKES! I got 2 new tires at Discount Tire on Indian Bend and the 101. They suggested I go to Carlife around the corner for an alignment. That sounded logical, they even gave me coo-pun! Took the car in, they said I needed the alignment, a camber kit (adjustment for the alignment), new struts and strut mounts and maybe more once they got in there. Here is where it gets interesting. Knowing that I had just had new struts 6 months ago and they last for at least 50,000 I took it to Olson's Care Care in Mesa. They told me I needed an alignment and camber kit. So...I went back to Carlife and asked them why I needed new struts and strut mounts. The owner, Eddie said he didn't know he is just the owner and does desk work, I needed to talk to Hank, the mechanic. Hank took me on a test drive so I could hear the squeek/noise that made him sure I needed struts and mounts. I heard a very slight noise. I told him that I recently replaced them. He told me they could be defective. I said then they would be leaking right? He agreed. He put it on the rack and could not find any leaking. He basically failed to prove to me why I needed to spend over $900!!! I then went back to my friend who had installed the struts and done other work. I told him what happened while we were on a test drive, trying to make it work. It was a hot day and I guess that made it not so easy to replicate. When we got back he got out, went to the front passenger side and pushed down, there was the sound. He said that is your spring, which is EXACTLY what it sounded like. No big deal. Just get the alignment. I went back to Olson's Car Care, got the alignment and get what, for a couple hundred my car drives like a new car, so smooth! Awesome! so, I am glad the other people on here had a good experience at Carlife, but they tried to give me the Royal Screw job! I know I am a Princess, but I am not taking it! I went to an honest shop and now I am sharing my experience. BEWARE!!!!!!!!If I could give NO stars I would!!!!!
5	Friendly, affordable, dependable. I stopped in on a Saturday afternoon just before the shop was closing for the day, and the staff helped me out by taking a look at my engine. I even received a courtesy ride home and same-day estimate on the part needed to get my car running properly again. They could have easily told me to come back the next business day, and it's much appreciated they took the time to help me out. This was my third time going in and I plan to keep going back.
5	Amazing experience! Hands down the best auto shop I have been to. Front staff is extremely knowledgable and professional. Mechanics actually go out of their way to make sure an amazing job is done. CUSTOMER FOR LIFE!
5	Car life is the only place I will take my car. I thought I needed brakes and took my car there and was prepared to get work done. Upon closer inspection they told me I didn't need to replace them. I was so happy, I am not very knowledgable with cars,  so it's nice to know that I can go to a place that will be 100% honest and fair. I have dreaded taking my car to places that only look how much money they can make and take advantage of people who don't know much about cars. It's nice to know that there is a great place to take your car. I am a customer for life.  Thank you car life !! :)If you are not taking your car to Carlife you are really missing out on a great experience, great customer service and people that will treat you right every time.
5	Elsie was so sweet from taking my appointment over the phone to servicing the counter! It's such a nice change to feel welcomed at a car repair shop! I usually dread them as much as the dentists office. I used a groupon and walked out paying just $4.99 for a synthetic oil change and tire rotation. There's lots of great restaurants nearby too. Loved the atmosphere and the ambience.
5	I went to Carlife when I had my check engine light come on.  They called me as soon as they pulled the codes, walked through potential problems and outlined their next steps.They then called me after they completed the next steps, with the problem and a price as well as time estimate.Overall, they have been honest, quick to communicate and affordable. I would definitely return and recommend them to a friend.
2	I have had my oil changed twice in a row at their Scottsdale location... The 1st time they did not top off the brake fluid level so the brake light came on... I drove right back not knowing why the light was coming on.  The mechanic came out front checked it said it may be a master cylinder going out and again and sent me in on my way.  The same day it came back on and I stopped at a garage called Greasers and he identified they did not top off brake fluid.  It never came on again after being filled at Greasers.  Giving Carelife a second chance last week I went back and paid $40+ for an oil change instead of the 18.95 special the advertised and the mechanic was sharp enough to identify potential expensive problems that may happen in the future but did not cover the basics - like filling up my windshield fluid.  The light was coming on when I dropped it off.  I topped it of myself when I got home.   If their company cannot cover the basic fluids two trips in a row, I am not confident they should be working on my truck when it comes to the more important repairs.  It is frustrating to pay for service you do not receive.Additionally, when you try to file a complaint on their website under comments... it errors out on both the computer and the Iphone/Ipad.A very dissatisfied past customer...Arnold Braasch
5	I had to take my vehicle in for an overhaul of the A/C system, mid summer with 110+ temps (so it was a semi emergency). Elsie and her team took care of everything from start to finish with class and incredible service. They made sure I got into work and picked up my car from my office and then delivered it to me when it was done. All of this in time for me to get home for dinner. Something that was stressful and disruptive in my life ended up being a fairly painless process and came out less expensive than I anticipated. Elsie took a crappy situation and made it come out "Roses"! I would encourage anyone who needs help from an oil change to an engine overhaul to seek out the professionals at CarLife! Thanks again :)
1	I brought my car in to check suspension. I don't think Hank looked at it. It was up on rack for 5 minutes and they said I needed wheal bearings 600&. I went for 2nd opinion wheal bearings are good. Hank and Elsie don't trust them!
