1	My mistake that I went to Namaste India with my cousin. Pappad were served in the beginning and that was the only moment we could afford a smile! Rest was a complete disaster..We ordered aloo tikki and "much recommended" samosa Chaat!!  Samosa chaat was cold to touch- looked like a heap of poorly cooked samosa.. worse was the RED CHILLI powder used as garnishing ( we asked it to be a bit spicy- our fault) ..that too in plenty... we could have used that amount of red chiili powder for cooking food for some 6-7 people!! Taste was below average...we could barely think of ordering main course after the initial encounter.. Malai kofta is what we ordered besides daal... Malai Kofta looked like stuffed with samosa!! ( Pun intended) ... bland and tasteless.. NAAN were good ..thin , baked properly...out only consolation... No wonder we left half of the  ordered dishes...Worth mentioning is the fact that..Kohli's store is adjacent and we saw some samosas there..I wonder if the ones we had at namaste were part of the same deal? Please beware of this place- you may end up cursing yourself for your visit later on... as we are doing right now...
2	I am not impressed.  The food was so-so and my boyfriend and I had a coupon purchased that morning from restaurants.com and they wouldn't accept it. I bought it that morning, sorry if it should have been taken off the website but you should honor it. I would not pay their full price for it, but with a nice coupon then maybe it could be worth it. The quality of the food was not good enough to outweigh the service.
2	Mediocre  Food  Service and Atmosphere.Better to stay clear and save your money.  Judging from the empty tables the luster and joy of the Namaste we remembered is no longer.We experienced the following sub par  dishes while dining after 8 pm on a Friday evening in an empty restaurant:Bland reheated Samosas.Flavorless Malek Paneer. ( the cheese pcs were quite good despite)  inconsistent  and barely there flavors of certainly fresh frozen spinach mix. Barely reheated Naan. We traveled to eat at Namaste specifically based on delightful past experience. Obviously that feeling is long gone.  The staff  were content to chat with friends and answer frequent texts and cell phone calls while we ate. The loud thump of bass from modern indian music with the  electric din of the TV playing Bollywood extracts might have been a nice distraction in a busy restaurant.  Instead  when added to the ding of texts and cell phone calls the loud background noises detracted rather than added  anything to an already mediocre dining experience.
3	Namaste is not the best Indian food in the area, but it's the closest to our house, and we go for their lunch buffet, which I will rate as good, but not great. They almost always have that Indian buffet staple, channa masala, and maybe 2 or 3 other veggie dishes, a couple of meat selections, such as lamb curry or chicken tikka masala, and a cold salad bar with lettuce and raw veggies, pickles, chaat masala and raita. If you arrive early and not all of the items are out on the buffet, they bring it to your table, which is nice. Dessert is almost always gulab jamun and chai tea, which you help yourself to. On a couple of our visits, they had tandoor chicken wings, and they were to die for, but these aren't always available.  I would have rated this place 4 stars, but it can be inconsistent from visit to visit.
4	My wife and I have been eating here for many years now. We almost always go for the lunch buffet and have eaten here at least 25-30 times now. The menu items change every time we're here so sometimes we like it better than others and range from really thrilled by the food to feeling it's ok but are never disappointed. The owners/staff are really very nice too and they serve you fresh naan to order. I am writing now after all these years because another Indian restaurant opened a stones throw away and I want to make sure you try Namaste instead. The service and attitude at the other are just this side of rude and indifferent. Yesterday, I had baigan bharta, chana masala, palak paneer, pakora, chicken tandoor, onion naan and masala tea and all were very very good.  I skipped the chicken curry, carrots/peas, rice and tomato soup but thought I would list them to give you an idea of what else they had yesterday.  All for $7.95. I hope you'll stop by and give it a try.
4	I had lunch here, and I was skeptical of the buffet at first. It turned out to be really tasty, though. Lots of variety, good spice level, and the staff kept an eye on it so that nothing sat too long. I'll definitely go back for dinner sometime.
4	Loved the food! The food has a home made feel to it! Yes, the old lady seemed rude. but we did not deal with her.  The cook (guy in apron) was very friendly and kept coming back to us to see if we need anything.
4	I really liked this food. I'm not Indian, but my boyfriend is. He liked it too! We stopped in on a Saturday afternoon. We ordered from the menu instead of the buffet. We ordered the chili chicken, chicken 65, lamb biryani, Lamb vindaloo, and tadka dal. It was delicious. The chicken 65 wasn't spicy or flavorful enough, but everything else was incredible. We spiced everything at. 7/10. It had a bite, but wasn't too hot. Erythema was freshly made. There were only two other families in the restaurant when we were there, both Indian/Pakistani? Service was slow and grumpy. But it was totally worth it. It's hard to find good Indian food in Pittsburgh. Udipi is ok for pure veg... Corriander is greasy... India gardens dishes all taste the same... I would return. Portions were small, but I like that because then you can order more things to taste! Although, prices were relatively high. Every entree was about $12 and were ordered 4. It was worth it regardless.
3	My go-to Indian buffet in the South hills for simple, non-pretentious Indian buffet food.  My prior fave was Billu's which recently CLOSED.  : (Namaste is run by a family of Sikh Indian folks who are friendly and accomodating.This is not Indian food at the gourmet level of somewhere like Tamarind or The Mintt but it's good enough for govt. work as the saying goes .
4	NOTE :  They have moved further North along Banksville Road to the basement of the Days Inn (where Maharaja was for years and then, more recently, Billu's Grill(now closed, obviously.)It's all of the renovations/new furnishings that Billu's put in (Maharaja was circa 1978-esque decor/furnishings.)I tried it, today .  Food was better , somehow than it ever was at the prior location .Very friendly/accomodating staff  .  More centrally-located, now .
4	Just to let everyone know, Namaste Indian Restaurant has moved (January 2013) from it's old location in the Banksville Plaza to 1150 Banksville Rd, adjacent to The Days Inn. I've notified Yelp.
4	I had dined at Namaste a couple of times at its old location.  The new spot, in the otherwise depressing Days Inn, is a breath of fresh air.  I have already dined there three times since the January 1, 2013 opening.  One walks into another world when entering this restaurant from the hotel.  It is modern, clean, attractive, spacious, and comfortable.  The food is delicious and selection of items is satisfactory, though I wish there was more broccoli and cauliflower, and breaded vegetables, all of which are offered at other area restaurants. Breaded cauliflower would be wonderful. The price is extraordinary for the quality and quantity, $6.99 for lunch, $8.99 for dinner, the lowest in the region.  Worthy of special mention is the carrot pudding offered sometimes: delicious. I hope the place will survive.  It has not been anything close to busy or filled on any of my visits, the same as was the case at the former location. The individuals that serve and manage the restaurant are generally not friendly, something which I do not understand.  I am pleasant; I walk into a restaurant with a smile and treat the staff with respect.  I tip well.  To be treated with disdain is a mystery to me.
5	Great indian food. Buffet is excellent and reasonable price. Friendly staff. LOve it. Thanks Namaste...
2	I was very excited to try this place since the closure of Maharaja left us without a good Indian buffet on the side of Pittsburgh where I live, and I wasn't crazy about the restaurant that moved in afterward.  The place was relatively deserted on a Saturday afternoon and we were soon greeted by a woman who asked us what kind of naan we wanted (onion or plain).  The food tasted fairly good but what really turned us off was the woman who worked there and her constant coughing, hacking and wheezing without even covering her mouth!  Clearly she had a nasty cold and should've stayed home that day!  I cringed every time she went back into the kitchen (we could here her back there hacking up a lung) or came over to our table.  It was so unappetizing that we hardly ate anything and got out of there as soon as possible.  I don't think I can go back there given their low standard of hygiene.  Ick, I'm cringing right now thinking of it.  On the plus side though, it did keep me from overeating.  Maybe I should have my husband cough and hack at me whenever we go to buffets from now on!Anyway, I hate to trash a restaurant but I had to voice my concerns.  I am very conflicted about giving the second star, but the food itself wasn't bad.  Try at your own risk!
1	This was probably one of the worst places I've eaten at in a while . I'm not sure what was worse food or service . Never again , the coupon we bought and weren't allowed to use left on the table
3	Hard to complain too much about a $7 buffet.   Food wasn't bad,  I've certainly had worse Indian in Pittsburgh.   Limited selection that they don't refill often enough.   Odd atmosphere,  they need some background music or something.  The soap opera on tv just didn't cut it.  They do give you fresh naan bread which is nice, old buffet naan always sucks.  Good if you're in the area and need a cheap lunch but not worth going out of your way for.
1	I have dined at Namaste for the final time.  I am tired of being served by an individual that does not speak: who treats the customer with disdain and indifference.  The words "thank you" and "how are you" are not part of the lexicon here.  The buffet items reflect economizing.  Virtually no cauliflower is used, thus my favorite dish, aloo gobi, is never offered..  There sometimes is no rice pudding, and in place of the India staple buffet item, chicken tandoori, the cheaper and less appealing chicken wings are offered.  It is s shame that such a beautiufl, comfortable restaurant space is being wasted.  For a mere $1.01 more, I can receive a spectacular and delicious array of the finest Indian food in the lovely atmosphere of All India, North Craig Street, Oakland, where I receive gracious, personal attention from the owners.
1	I wish I could give this place "-5" stars for its terrible food quality. Oily, greasy and bad taste. All 4 members of our party fell sick, throwing up and/or with a running stomach.
1	Here is our experience on my friend's daughter's birthday party:-I and my wife attended my friend's daughter's birthday party here recently. My friend mentioned that they finalized the menu for the lunch buffet a week in advance. The restaurant chef at the last moment on the day of party, just one hour before lunch, told that they did not get the "PANEER/cheese". They can substitute it for "MALAI KOFTA". It was unbelievable that they changed the dish at the last moment requested by my friends as 50% guests were vegetarian and hence need a cheese / "PANEER" entree. On the other hand the "MALAI KOFTA" was just "POTATO" in the gravy. The quality of food in this party was awfully bad. This is a humble request to all INDIAN Americans and all NON-INDIAN Americans that please don't throw your money by going to this restaurant. We are not here to misguide you or someone from a competitor restaurant. You can confirm these details with me anytime, I am engineer by profession. I was thinking to host my son's birthday party over here next month but I am lucky to get an experience before hand. I will NEVER NEVER recommend this place EVER.
1	Shockingly bad.  I know it's Pittsburg so my expectations were low, but there is no call for rudeness.  The old lady should retire.  The young waiter was ok but clearly  scared of the woman.   I went to the dinner buffet at 530 pm, the food was obviously left over from lunch, the rice was so old it was crunchy, all other food was very low quality and mostly cold. I always like to say something nice so the sweet carrot dish was not horrible.  My search for quality Indian food in the 'burgh continues.
3	I think the quality and flavor of the food keeps me coming back even though the old woman is very unpleasant, I have never been there when there was more than three or four people in the whole restaurant. I don't know how long they could survive and that is unfortunate.  On one occasion I was waited on by a young man who was very friendly and pleasant , where did he go? This place has potential but the old lady must go.
