4	I've never had the pleasure of Jamba Juice out here in Quincy, MA, but walking past this location I instantly had to have one. We ordered a Razamatazz and it was delicious. My only regret is that I dont have one in front of me right now...
3	Surprisingly, this is the only Jamba Juice on the Strip. It is located on the ground floor of the Fashion Show Mall and is more of a stand than a full store. As things on the Strip tend to be, prices here are higher than I am used to paying at the Seattle area locations.Got the Strawberries Wild ($4.50 for 16 ounces) with a probiotic boost ($.75). I have to say that Jamba's smoothies are consistently good and this was no different. The smoothie already contains frozen yogurt, so I felt that the probiotic was just adding to this. Which is a good thing especially since I was on vacation and my diet felt decidedly uneven.I like Jamba, though I would like to see another location on the Strip for convenience. It was a bit of a distance away from where I was staying. This location though is ideal as it is in the main mall on the Strip and there is free wi-fi by way of the Starbucks across the hall to use while enjoying your drink.
3	Love Jamba smoothies, wish there were more in town.Service is spotty. Sometimes it's super fast and friendly, other times employees are on their phones and it takes a while for them to notice you.Also, the smoothies are more expensive at this location than others, probably because of the rent they pay to be in the mall.My favorites are the Peach Pleasure, Orange Dream Machine, and the green tea smoothie.Avoid on the weekends cuz the line is crazy.
2	I've been to a number of Jamba Juice but this one was definitely NOT up to par.Super slow service, the employees take longer than usual to make a smoothie probably bc everyone's busy socializing. To top it off, my strawberry probaotic tasted like crap.
3	This location has two major problems; the menu is drastically limited and the prices are higher than their other stores off Strip. I normally like the Berry Upbeet, but this is not an option here. Instead I got the Five Fruit Frenzy with Immunity and it was on par with the other locations. Reading some of these reviews leads to me wonder why my friends Strawberry Whirl with Whey Protein tasted so bad. For the most part, I am fine with "healthy tasting" foods, but this was not bearable. The employees were all friendly, but are trained to push extra snacks. I can see them getting backed up during peak hours, so a little patience will go a long way. I tend to go elsewhere when the line snakes around.
4	Get an all fruit or fruit and veggie smoothie for a healthy treat that tastes good with about 1/4 the calories of a Starbucks at the same price. Google Jamba Juice hidden menu for an inside touch. Sour patch!
2	Bit slow. We went there when there was no one in line & no other orders being made and yet it still took a long time to get our 3 smoothies. I can only imagine what the wait time would be for when they actually do have a rush.
1	I love smoothies.   Not sure what the problem is but I tried to different smoothies here, trashed both of them.  Would not recommend.
1	Most expensive Jamba Juice in the world!  Slow and they won't split the drink into multiple cups even if you are willing to buy the extra cups.Something is definitely off with this location.  Been to many Jamba Juices and this one definitely operates by a different set of rules, not concerned about customer service/experience, etc..Will not return ever!
5	Had to get a smoothie after 3 hours of shopping.  There was no line and the Berry smoothie hot the spot and gave me more energy to keep going
