5	Theo does an amazing job regularly on both of my cars. Porsche cayenne and truck. Highly recommend him. Whether he is doing a million dollar car paint restoration or my truck always takes the time and same results for both. Simply perfect results.....
5	These guys are amazing! I took my car (which is black and hadn't had a proper detailing in years) and they made it shine. My hand literally glided across the hood, that's how smooth it was. They washed, clayed, waxed, and removed most of the blemishes on the car. They also will take/pick you up from the airport (which I really appreciated)I had a great experience and Theo does a fantastic job. I will definitely be back and will recommend them to everyone.
5	Theodore and his crew did an absolutely stunning job in preparing my Corvette Stingray and applying CQuartz Finest treatment.  The end result is a brilliant shine with incredible depth.   The finished panels almost act like mirrors reflecting nearby objects.  Their attention to detail is superb including the wheels and calipers, door jams and interior.  Their pride in their works shows and they truly make you feel like an important customer.   Highly recommend and have already sent several of my friends to him.
5	Have to say hand down the best detailer in Vegas.  If you want something done right and in a professional and timely manor you have to call Theo.   Pricing is reasonable and worth it for what he does.  He was able to get the desert pinstripes off my jeep from all the off-roading adventures that i have gone through.
5	When I got my car from Theo all I can say is that WOW! Good thing I got it before sunset. It really revealed the beauty of my car. On the other spectrum, I felt guilty to my car because I haven't washed her a long time. Theo and his A-team did a fantastic job! Thanks.
5	I brought in a 2014 cyber-grey Corvette for a C Quartz Finest protective paint coating. Theo and his colleagues did a terrific job!! The paint color had blue flakes in it, and when the treatment was finished, I couldn't believe how the color "popped". They also did an amazing job with the interior ... an unexpected, pleasant surprise.  After I picked up the car, Theo took the time to show me exactly how to maintain the finish and which products to use. Couldn't be happier!!!B.T.
5	I found The Specialist here on yelp and called in a relative state of panic. I had been at work and the office complex neglected to tell us they were painting part of the building. I ended up with a car covered in green paint specs. I called The Specialists and asked a series of questions about how to handle the situation - Theo was both patient and kind - he answered all my questions and told me to bring the car in so he could take a look at it. He was able to remove all of the paint in record time and I was back at work shortly there after. I recommended them to everyone in my office! They are absolutely brilliant!
5	Best car detail in town ! they have fixed a few opps I made in my car ! Only people I trust .
