5	Great place fast service and great prices. Beat everywhere I checked thanks Discount!!!!
5	OMG There is no one greater, Tyler, especially (my little pal) and these guys made life so much kinder to me! I can ALWAYS trust them to keep their word... They ALWAYS stand not only behind their tires, but all the crappy tires you take to them to replace. They literally put a new tire on my car because I was in danger, and knew I had no money. They didn't care. They didn't charge me. Honest, kind, there is no word I could even create to convey their professionalism and courtesy. They just are...well, good. The values by which Discount Tire does business should be the standard by which ALL OTHER COMPANIES strive to emulate. Truly, I never expect this level of good (in any place of business) but you find only good here. I had a picture too of two of them both bending over at the same time, and from where I was sitting, it looked like their bums were touching, but I got my phone stolen, so I can't post it. They are so funny! Go there! Nice guys! Thanks, Tyler! I'll be back for those tires and wheels, kid!   :)
4	I showed up at 5:40PM with a closing time for them of 6PM with an almost flat tire (perpetrator? You ask - screw!). I felt bad & told the guy they could just patch & I would come back in the morning - he said we don't care what time it is, we take customers until closing, no matter what the problem! I was already impressed (even though I'm smart enough to realize it's about business & the almighty dollar & bottom line). They didn't have to see me & I was grateful that they did! Unbeknownst to me, I was riding on 4 bald tires - clear to see - and I needed replacements. They handled it with efficiency & precision, getting it done by 6:30pm. I had already called my husband who was on his way to meet for dinner because I thought surely it would take longer, but alas the Cardinal game was on & they know how to get it done to get home to their personal lives. Needless to say we went for dinner at one our other fav's, Guru Palace across the street, so it all worked out! Now me and my car are riding like a dream thanks to them! Cody & Preston? & whoever the guy was who put my tires on were courteous & fun & now have my business in the future. Great job guys!Thanks =)
5	I've been to this Discount Tire place several times, and the staff has always been helpful and knowledgeable. Their warranties are great, and they never pressure me to buy more than is safe. They are consistent and good!
5	We have been coming to this store for over 5 years and have always gotten great service. Got a huge nail in my tire walked right in and was out of there within an hour. No pressure to buy new tires the warranty I forgot about was still good. These guys are just amazing would not go anyplace else.
4	Great, friendly, speedy service! Always my choice! Thanks guys!
5	From the first initial call to make an appointment to having tires replaced GREAT customer service. This is my go to place for anything tire related. All customer service employees should take lessons from discount tire. Great prices as well.
5	I've always found Discount Tire to be a reliable company with great customer service. I've tried a couple other places in the past when I was in a pinch and now refuse to go anywhere else. Been to this specific location twice in past few months to replace tires (unfortunately) & it's probably one of the best in terms of friendliness and speed (granted it was middle of the week, so not sure if that's true for weekends). Highly recommend.
1	I recommend to never come to this discount tire I bring in my BMW to get a new tire and I went home and found out they bent my rim on my BMW, I went back in and the guy tells me it was bent when I bring it in. But he never told me anything when I left. Do not come here bad service and liars!
5	What SERVICE Came here because I had a flat. I told my service guy that I had a flat and used the Green Slime to get my car here. He told me the Green Slime was not good for my tire sensors. Any how when I asked him how much he said FREE !!! Can you believe that ??The service guy removed the tire, clean the tire (remove the green slime), repair the tire, balanced the tire and reinstalled the tire all for FREE !!!  WOW I gave $20 for tip and their collection for Cancer research. I will be back when it is time for new tires. Thank you guys
5	I can not thank Mike at discount tire on baseline and Gilbert Rd. enough. My family and I live in Casa Grand, early last week my daughter had to be rushed to the children's hospital in Mesa. While she has been there my girlfriend has stayed there every minute of everyday with our daughter, making me the only one working for nearly 2 weeks now. Money is always tight around Christmas, and we were struggling. I was driving nearly 200 miles daily back and forth to be with my family in Mesa and work in Casa Grand. Like all tires will evenly do, mine wore out. Mike was able to sympathize with me and get me an amazing deal on some new tires. Please come to this discount tire. They truly helped me out in a time of need.
