1	Don't be fooled by the snazzy website.  This shouldn't count as a mall.  They have a few good stores (North Face, Anthropologie, L'Occitane and Macy's) but its very very slim pickings.
4	I enjoy this mall very much! It has increased in what I like to call "class" from past years. They have added some nicer shops and it is no longer the "Senior Sweet Spot." Yes, it used to have a high population of older people but that's not bad. It is hard to find a few good shops here but it isn't that bad. It has a nice leisure type feel to it, in the sense that you go and just stroll past a few good shops. They also have some great restaurants nearby such as the Flat-Top Grill and a Great Dane location. They also have the renowned Sun Dance Theater with a lot of great abstract movies there (some very left-wing political movies in my opinion). All-in-All I think it is a nice establishment that has some great potential to become even better!
4	Many of the stores are a bit expensive but it's a lovely mall and very clean. It consists of both an indoor section with a movie theater, Macy's, and many smaller shops and boutiques. There's a strip outside with lots of restaurants, an aveda salon, and other stores. The front parking spots are sometimes hard to find, but there's always spots in the garage.
3	Hilldale houses some decent stores but the inside is like an airport and a lot of the retail spaces are empty. I was there on a Saturday but surprisingly There is an attached gourmet supermarket and nearby Target. Sundance cinema is also a part of the shopping center which apparently features a few big name movies but mostly indie films. They have a neat bar offering coffee/sandwiches/wine/beer all to be enjoyed outside in the lounge area featuring really lovely leather couches and rustic wooden tables. If you are there to enjoy a movie you can take the food and drink inside the theater.
4	If you're going for something specific it's great. However, this isn't the sort of mall you go to wander through. It's got all sorts of stores and is vastly better than it used to be since it added on the 2nd row of shops and theatre and such a few years back.
4	Hilldale has swagger.  I love the music playing when you're walking the boardwalk.  I love how you can get tasty eats like Muramoto, Gigi's Cupcakes, Dumpling haus and also pick up a pair of shoes and do your weekly grocery shopping in one stop.If you're needing a day to do all sorts of errands, you'll probs be set just stopping here.
4	Hilldale Shopping Center is not a place I frequent, even when I'm visiting Madison. Madison has some really great, local shops in different parts of the city and it's fun to stroll, but Hilldale is not one of them. It's not a place I would go to shop, unless it's for one or two specific things; there aren't a ton of stores. It seems very convenient for this part of the city, especially if you live in Shorewood Hills. It's anchored by Macy's and Target, but most of the shops here are a bit more upscale. There's an Anthropologie, Lululemon, l'Occitane en Provence, The Northface and Pendleton. There's also a Fleming's Steakhouse. Twigs, a very upscale, local, women's clothing shop, just opened a location here. Hilldale is essentially a yuppie shopping center, that's perfect for Madison's upper crust  families to do their average, day to day shopping for the "common" things. A day spa for children just opened here. Very exciting!I do not live in Madison, but I believe I can attest to the convenient location and nice assortment of restaurants. And Hilldale might signify yuppy Madison, but it gets a couple of stars because it has Sundance 608, which was the first Sundance Cinema in the country. It plays big budget movies, but also great documentaries and foreign films. Pretty cool, definitely not your average move theatre in an average shopping center.
2	This review really bums me out.  I really wanted to love Hilldale and the concept behind Hilldale (upscale shopping in Madison).  The unfortunate truth is that its a broken business model in today's market in Wisconsin.This review only deals with the internal portion of Hilldale -- the outlying shops are great!  Over the past year, many stores have closed up shop or "retired" (Jan Byce, Hong Kong Cafe and .  The internal portion of the mall is nearly a ghost town -- I thought I saw a dust ball last week.  The only places worth going to inside the mall are: the shoe stores (New Balance and Morgans), Sundance Cinemas, Macy's and Metcalfe's (especially).  Walking inside to get to those places you'll be greeted with many empty store rooms - it's really depressing.  It's only a matter of time before everything goes besides Macy's (since they own the mall and resultedly stuck).  On 08/20/13, WS Development from Massachusetts announced that they will be making the internal part of the mall open air by Fall 2014.  Effin' really -- it may be fine for six months, but we have winter here, it gets really cold, snowy and very slippery.  Many of the customers are older people.  There appears to include no tarp or anything -- just blasting Mr. Freeze.  The Fall 2014 opening is idiotic - just in time for Jack Frost?? Even though West Towne Mall is mediocre (reviewing coming soon), people are just going to drive on past this mall once it gets chilly.  I live practically across the street and I will!My suggestion is to model it after the fictional Hill Valley Mall and showcase a DeLorean with a flux capacitor near the entrance. :/
5	I am sick about the changes pegged for Hilldale. This little classy shopping experience is coming to an end. I love walking indoors, especially in the winter. The little locally owned shops are leaving probably to be replaced by the same old chain stores. Rupert's and Therese Zach have already announced their departures. May they succeed in their new homes. Sundance is the anchor. I hope they will retain their current ambience.I am not alone in my mourning.
3	The outdoor shops are better than the indoor shops. I went to the grocery store and didn't realize half the mall was under construction and got nervous. The movie theaters appeared nice but it's probably better to go to a different mall.
2	So disappointed with the changes at Hilldale.  Why would you want to make a mall outside in Madison WI? I used to love being able to browse in small shops without worrying about the weather. Sadly, many of the small shops that I enjoyed have moved or gone out of business.  It feels like a ghost town now.
5	So glad this place exists and is very close to my place! Great restaurants, nice ambience and some good stores for shopping. BCBG has a little section in Macy's and thats my favorite place to shop. All the restaurants are good. My favorites are sushi Muramuto, Flemings and Pasquals. You can try a new restaurant every time! Sundance movie theatre is also very nice. They have unique movies.Its nice to have Metcalf and Target in there to get groceries and other essentials. So its really a multi-purpose shopping center. You can dress up and go for a date night in one of the nice restaurants or you can dress down and just go get your groceries.
1	When ordering take out, wait time extends double time from what your told; and yet once you arrive to pick up your order, 80% of the time you must wait additional time to get your food. #takestoolong#rathereatatred
