5	Imagine a Hot Pocket hot from the microwave. Now imagine it tasting about 1,000,000 times better. That's InPockets in Chandler.InPockets stuffs flaky homemade bread with a variety of tasty fillings. There is the traditional German family recipe of corned beef and cabbage, Italian sausage and marinara sauce, pulled BBQ pork, and my favorite (so far), of roasted turkey breast, provolone and bacon. They also have a breakfast pockets menu. If you're not into glorified Hot Pockets, try one of their fresh-baked pastries with a drink off of their wonderful gourmet beverage menu, including Caramel French Vanilla Coffee or Hot Chocolate Latte.
2	Meh...the Hot Pocket was kinda bland...had to add BBQ sauce to give it flavor...unfortunately was kinda a bust.  Wife's Veggie pocket was kinda bland too.
4	very friendly staff and excellent cookies.  I didn't see any sandwiches or pockets so I wonder where that name comes from.  We sat outside and enjoyed the atmosphere.  Nice place to meet up with someone.
4	InPockets used to do most of their business from cakes and catering, only opening on weekdays.  They've recently expanded their menu and hours.  I didn't even notice their signature "pockets" on the menu anymore.Looks:  InPockets still seems more bakery than restaurant.  They have a few tables in front of a display case, filled with impressive pastries.  Wedding cakes decorate their front windows.Food:  Breakfast and sandwiches, but they are AWESOME sandwiches.  We had the Santa Fe chicken and the chicken salad.  Each comes on a choice of FRESHLY BAKED ciabatta or focaccia.  Both breads were amazing.  The chicken salad was the best I've ever had, with cranberries and walnuts in it.  It tastes like food from a caterer.  I recommend the cole slaw over the pasta salad for your side.  We also had a piece of carrot cake, which was quite good.Value:  The sandwiches were $8.  (Maybe a tad pricey w/o a hot side or a drink.)  The small piece of carrot cake was good value at $1.50.  The waffles and/or French toast at breakfast looked like a good deal at $4.Service:  Just a counter, but I think the owner was working.  She was very nice.Verdict:  I'll definitely go back.  The freshly baked bread alone is worth the trip.
4	Great bakery.  Breakfast is nom nom nom!
4	Great breakfast.  Good lunch.  Great place to grab a quick meal in downtown Chandler.  Patio seating is a great place to have breakfast.
3	Decent cupcakes. Don't compare well to places like the coffee shop in Gilbert but tasty. Not the friendliest owners. Not much for conversation!
4	Great food, incredible cupcakes and the owners and staff are a delight to deal with. Easy to see why they are considered the best cupcake in Chandler.
1	I highly suggest not ordering a cake from here. My cake was very dry, the fondants was rock solid. The cake was held up by straws and the whole thing collapsed on the short, slow drive home. They gave us nasty looks when we arrived back to have the cake repaired.
5	Fastest and Most Affordable lunch in downtown ChandlerEvery day I search for lunch in downtown Chandler. I'm a creature of habit as most of us are and therefore I tend to stick to the same place when I find something good - I try not to but sometimes it happens.I've walked passed In Pockets... hundreds of times? scary but probably. I haven't given it much thought as it's been tagged as a bakery and I'm not into sweets and stuff. However, they've been putting out signs on the sidewalk about breakfast (another thing I don't do) and sandwiches for lunch as well. Long story short I decided to venture back in (tried it once in October) and thought it was ok.This place is very undervalued for as good as it is and not as well known as it should be. That needs to change. This is by far the fastest lunch in downtown Chandler and one of two most affordable. (not counting fast food crap). For about $8 there are a variety of great deli sandwiches and chicken breast on focaccia or other great breads. Lots of different gourmet sandwich variations and all fill me up for that amount. Their bread is excellent, soft and warm and even the ciabatta was perfect and not hard like it typically is at most places.  The pasta salad was superior. The locale is nice, good inside seating and very friendly and attentive owner and workers taking your order and bringing the food out to your table.I'm not a coffee guy but I know a few people at Gangplank that walk down here and get their cup of joe and mocha stuff here - if they like it from here it must be good. They also make cakes and pastries and all that stuff - again, not a sweets guy but it all looks good in the window.I'm most definitely making In Pockets a more common visit for lunch each week. And they have a punch card too for loyalty rewards.
5	If you're looking for an awesome breakfast place in the east valley, look no further. The eggs Benedict, breakfast burritos, and platters are to die for. The service is second-to-none, and the atmosphere is clean and cozy. There can be quite a line for lunch, but the service is quick, so don't.be intimidated. The entrance is easy to miss, and the menu is on the small side, but you simply can't go wrong with anything on it. It's pretty quiet in the morning, so it's a great spot to enjoy breakfast and read a bit of news before heading into the office.
4	I had a nice little breakfast crossiant/sandwich here and it was delicious. Place was clean and busy. Go small business!
2	I ordered decorated jumbo cupcakes for a small birthday dinner party.  One of the four cupcakes was to have Happy Birthday Grandma written on it.  The cupcake had a plain white plastic circle with the happy birthday grandma written in black marker.  Wow, I'm beyond disappointed.  Tacky, sigh... too late to get something else personalized.after dinner party .....the white circle was fondant not plastic...still did not like how it lookedThe cupcakes were delicious though.
4	This is a gem of a place. I stopped in while at a conference at the hotel around the corner, and was pretty pleasantly surprised. They had some great and different sandwich options. They were very good. The menu isn't extensive, but it seems like they do what they do well. The bakery treats are pretty nice and look quite impressive.  The place is small but also has some outdoor seating which is pretty nice at lunch time in a Chandler "winter."
5	I have been getting breakfast and lunch here for a few weeks now and will continue to go back.  Everything is made fresh and the bread is amazing.  I am not typically a pasta salad person but the pasta salad here has been changing my mind about that. I would like to see more sandwich menu options but otherwise I have zero complaints!
5	I love the roast beef ortega with ciabatta bread. Cool small spot perfect for lunch. staff is very friendly, place is very clean too.
4	1st visit to this shop but it won't be my last. I had the Sicilian open faced sandwich. It was delicious!  Prices are good too.
5	It is right across the street from where I work. Everyone is always so friendly and nice. The food has always been perfect and have amazing chocolate chip cookies. It's nice having a little local place such as this.
5	Updating my 18 month old post. So yes they have the best cupcakes in Chandler for sure. Probably be best in the whole Phoenix metro area. They are that good.  My kids love their cupcakes for their birthdays.But now you need to add their chicken salad sandwich. Knowing how good that is, it takes it from a 4 star to a 5 star. I am fan!
5	Quality food at a great price. Overall great!
4	The bread is awesome. Loved the pasta salad. I'll definitely be back.
4	This place is great.  Found it randomly after arriving at PHX airport.  Food was excellent, and the lunch special was an incredible deal.  I would go back again and again but the mileage between Torrance and Chandler would add up quickly.  If you can find a parking spot around there, definitely stop by for a sandwich!
4	Probably my favorite place to get a quick breakfast. It's self server. They have breakfast specials. It's quiet on the weekends unlike other BF place were you have to wait to get seated.
4	Attention Chandler! Hidden Gem for lunch, step right up! The sandwiches are fantastic. The bread is fresh and the ingredients are top quality. Even the cupcakes are delicious. I have always walked by and thought they just sold wedding cakes (as they are always in the window), but they do so much more.
3	Extremely friendly staff.  Checked this place out today for lunch and there is a a breakfast all day menu and lunch menu including coffee and teas.  Nice place to come to enjoy a quick meal.  Seating is indoor and some tables outdoor.
5	Really yummy very cute place! My gf and I went in for a nice little breakfast then walked around after - beautiful morning ! :)
5	Nice prices, nice service, nice taste, and nice location.  5 stars. What more can I say?
5	My husband and were visiting for a few days while he was on a business trip and I are breakfast here twice! The food is great, service is quick, and what you see in the photo on the menu is definitely what you get! Everything is made to order and they have a wide variety to choose from. I had the American breakfast one day and a Belgium waffle the next. The batter for the waffle was made from scratch, not a box which was awesome. If I you visit Chandler, I highly recommend stopping in stone time!
5	What a great little bakery! $11 for a soda with a sandwich and pasta salad and a coconut chocolate cookie! It was delicious, and comfortable, and filling, and... delicious!!!! Definitely check it out!
5	This place has to be some of the best food I have ever eaten. The owners & staff are always accommodating making sandwiches that aren't even on the menu. Give this place a chance and it will not disappoint!
4	Tried this place on my lunch break one day and didn't know what to expect. Walked in, not much to see. I got the vegetarian sandwich, and it was so good! I will definitely be back.
5	Spot on food. Had a simple breakfast burrito. And it was delicious. Quick service, prices are a good value considering the location. Lots of great choices, I heard the eggs Benedict is perfect. I will frequent here often, it's a great spot. Highly recommend
5	French Toast Bagel and cinnamon roll are to die for!
3	Stopped in for breakfast and tried the Mediterranean Omelette (it was JUST ok). I wouldn't consider this food 'gourmet' as they advertise. The prices are fair for the amount of food you receive; I spent $22 on three people. There is not a huge variety of items, what you see is what you get. I SO appreciated the plastic utensils; most restaurants use 'dishwashers' and you just NEVER know. What irks me is that most restaurants--this one included--give you one napkin. What can I possibly do with one napkin? I'm far from sloppy, but if you're not going to have a dispenser of sorts on the table please leave more than one on the table.The service was mediocre at best. But the appearance itself is nice; nestled in Old Downtown Chandler across from the park (it was easily accessible and there was plenty of parking. OAN...they have one bathroom, which creates a ridiculous line in the narrow hallway.My overall experience wasn't horrible, I just can't say that I'd be back anytime soon.
5	Great find!  Friendly and extremely quick service.  Breakfast special sandwiches were awesome and made to order. Wife loved the presentation.
3	This is a new downtown chandler brunch eatery. Thought I'd give it a go and people watch for a bit. ;)Hot sandwich: Sicilian. Chicken, melted provolone cheese , artichoke hearts, spinach, tomatoes, on a focaccia bread with marinara sauce. Overall it mimicked the flavors of an Italian meal. There were a few spinach leaves that were not wilted like the rest of it. A la carte: Banana Walnut French Toast. 4 slices of French toast with banana circle chunks and caramelized candied walnuts on top and a side of maple syrup. A good ending for brunch. I don't know what it was but after eating those carb-loaded entrees I got a good coma and took a first afternoon nap that was years overdue for 3 hours!! ;)There was a wandering fly just waiting to eat the food too. The bathroom - uh let's just say that I would never use it again. I needed a mask!
3	Nice place in Old Town. Had the breakfast burrito but was put off by the cheap sticker on the menu asking 25 cents for extra salsa. Good food, friendly staff, nice atmosphere.
5	Wanted to try a new local business.  This place is great!!  Would defiantly recommend this local spot!!!!
5	Really good breakfast and coffee! I just wish they were open on Sundays because they would see me a lot more.
5	I'm from out of town. I came here for breakfast...it was simply exquisite so I came back for breakfast before I went back home. Food tasted fresh, prices are reasonable and clean environment. I highly recommend it!
2	I stopped by yesterday for lunch, and I had the ham and honey mustard sandwich.  It was ok.  I only ate half.  I was going to have the other half later, but it really didn't settle in my stomach well.  The cibbata bread was soggy.The atmosphere of the restaurant didn't impress me.  It was dark with very high ceilings that made the noise louder.  It just didn't feel inviting.  No effort on decor at all.  I guess if I was desperate for a sandwich while in that area I might go back, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
3	Ok breakfast nothing that great, nice service
5	We had breakfast here this morning and really enjoyed the casual vibe and good food. The chef was super flexible in customizing my order and food arrived very quick. Also we had the cinnamon buns, they warmed them up to serve and were amazing!
5	Great food. Great atmosphere. Everything is great. Loved the chilaquiles and lox benedict. They have great baked goods as well.
