4	I like Rubio's and this one is fairly close to home - so I go here often. Tonight I decided to have the Grande Bowl with Blackened Mahi (and no rice). Honestly, this was probably the best thing I've ever had at Rubio's! It was just excellent. The staff was efficient too - a great fast-food experience.
4	I've been eating here once a week for about two years- it's a lunchtime staple. It gets very busy at lunch, so I always call ahead. I live nearby so I can usually get away with calling, immediately leaving, and arriving at Rubio's just in time for my food to come out. I like the bowls the best, and I love the liberal amount of guacamole that comes in them! I also eat the salads, and if it's Tuesday, i'm eating fish tacos ($1.25). I'm not sure I'll ever get sick of the food here. I like their black beans, especially if I dip tortilla chips into them. I tried the gourmet tacos recently and they were tasty, but I crave my usual orders! The only problem I ever have is calling in my order sometimes. Once I was hung up on (although pretty sure it was accidental...CRASH...*click*...*ambient restaurant bustling noise*....*silence*). A few other times i've had to hold for enough time I felt like it would've been quicker to go over and stand in line. I assume they don't get enough regular phone-in orders to have anyone dedicated to it, and the guy at the cash register just can't constantly be on the phone and help customers in line. The prices have also gone up a little over the last couple of years, but the food quality has remained high so I won't argue. Look forward to eating there again next week!
2	I like their salsa, chips and prices. They put some sort of strange chemistry-made cheese substance in their burritos that is kind of gross - it tastes like a combo of cream cheese, american cheese and sour cream - everything tastes premade and slapped together - nothing tastes fresh. I have only been here twice, and prefer Chipotle's over this any day of the week!
5	Great food, fresh and flavorful!  For a chain restaurant its a favorite.
4	I have eaten at this Rubio's a bunch of times and each time I enjoyed my meal I ordered... Friendly staff and the restaurant is always clean. I have ordered the World Famous Fish Taco 2 Taco Plate (Crispy beer-battered fish, shredded cabbage, mild salsa and tangy white sauce) and the Fish Taco Especial 2 Taco Plate (Fish Taco with fresh guacamole, jack and cheddar cheese and cilantro and onions... Each comes with chips you get a choice of beans or rice as well I get the black beans they are really good. Plus they have a really good salsa bar to spice up your meal... For a really fast and great meal this is a must stop lunch spot.
5	Rubio's is the king of fast food.  No matter what Rubio's I go to, I always get Mexifood so good that I can hardly believe that it's fast food at all.This location is no different. . .no scratch that, it IS different--the customer service is the absolute bomb.  With our vegetarian habits, sometimes it is difficult for us to find food that we can eat in certain places.  Kimmie, who was the employee who waited on us, really helped us construct our meal, and even brought us salsa samples to try.The food at this Rubio's location was as good at always, and the service made it that much better.  Count on more service from us at this place--thank you very much!  You made a very long and tiring day end on a good note.
4	Sometimes months will go by and I forget about Rubios. Then I'll have it and I'm reminded how good it is!The salsa bar rocks. Chips are free with every meal. Prices are reasonable. Oh, and they have some healthy options as well (the HealthMex tacos/burritos are really yummy!).My husband LOVES their fish tacos--the original AND the grilled versions as well.
4	Good fish tacos.
4	This is a really good Rubio's location.  The staff is very friendly and the food tastes much better than the other locations I have been too.Try   - Portobello / Poblano tacos
5	I love Rubio's! They have something for my ever changing taste buds. The food is always fresh and the workers are always friendly. It's my goto place when im hungry or just need something quick for lunch and don't want another drive thru bag lunch.
4	Best taquitos I've ever had! Fresh Mexican style food.
5	Authentic Mexican fast-food chain, WITH cold beer, friendly employees and sustainable, great tasting fish?  YES!!  It's a delight every time I go.  The food is fresh and made to order, the service is always top notch and for me, the commitment to sustainable fishing practices goes a long way.  I recommend Rubio's every time someone from back east comes out to visit.
4	This place has the best gourmet shrimp, bacon & avocado tacos!!! YUM
4	Love, love, love their fish tacos.  The grilled fish is always fresh and cooked perfectly.  The veggies, especially the tomatoes, are always fresh and ripe.  I am particularly critical of the vegetables when dining out.  Coming from the Midwest, I'm accustomed to great veggies (which you can't always find here in Phoenix - especially tomatoes which can make or break a taco).  I'm not a big fan of fried fish tacos but a friend of mine says they're great.  The Ray Rd. location is super cute with the thatch covered patio and just the right amount of Mexican decor.  It feels authentic, which is a characteristic chain restaurants often struggle with.  The staff is attentive and friendly (and patient with my 5 year old that can never seem to make up her mind)!  Overall great Mexican experience at an affordable price!
5	Food is always consistent.  Staff always friendly.
1	Dry, skimpy and tasteless.  Like shoe leather and expensive.  Skip it entirely and go to Chipotle across the freeway.  Waste of money.
5	This is my new favorite spot. So glad it is close to me. I was at another location for the first time the night before and liked it so much I decided to come to this location of lunch the next day.I must have just missed the lunch rush because the place was pretty much empty. Which made me wonder for a second if there was something wrong with this location. Where were all the people? I thought it would be packed with people. Not that I am complaining because I was able to get right up to the counter and order and get back to work pretty quickly. There is nothing wrong with this location because the food was fantastic. So was the service.This time I got the Langostino Lobster Burrito. I have never had lobster in burrito before and wondered how it would taste. But I was told it was very good and sure enough it was fantastic. I think I like the Original Fish Tacos a little more but this was good. I could eat 4 of there tacos even though 2 do a good job of filling you up. It is one of those things that is so good you don't want to stop eating even though you are full.I will definitely be back again and again and again and again. So good and cheap too.
2	I'm giving it two stars for the customer service, the staff was super friendly.  There's a fast food Mexican restaurant (with drive thru) I can get better & cheaper fish tacos from. The taco was dry and I didn't care for the red sauce on it (I guess it was salsa?) I'm surprised by all the positive reviews.
5	My girlfriend and found Rubio's because we were new to the area and were looking for a good Mexican place.  This was not it.  But... it's still amazing.It's a chain, and a fast-food joint, so don't expect something else, but their food is really pretty spectacular for the price.  They have a bar full of different salsas and lemon slices and lime slices which is nice to add to your meal, but the food itself is really fresh and healthy-feeling.  I don't know if it's actually healthy because I'm not a doctor but I can tell you it 'feels' healthy.I recommend the shrimp tacos.  Delicious.  That's all I can say.Finally, another reviewer (Michelle N.) said there's a drive thru here.  There isn't.
5	I have to say I really like Rubio's. The food is always good and I love the fish Tacos.I just spent a few days in Cancun for my Birthday. So I have wanting Mexican food ever since I got back.However, the food in the states is not as good as down there.So it is hard to find a match. I am going to say the Rubio's is right on it. The food here is fresh and good! Really good. The salsas are fresh and delicious as if they are made every day. I always like them ,no matter which location I try.The place is clean, the food very good. Even the restrooms are clean and well stocked. I highly recommend This Rubios!
5	Excellent Fish Tacos and Burritos!  Very accommodating to dietary restrictions.
4	Although I am not always in the mood for Rubio's fish tacos when my wife wants them, I always realize she was right on the first bite.
4	Cute and fast atmosphere. Prices are reasonable and the fish tacos were very nice and crispy. Add some Spanish rice and chips... Can't go wrong. I'll be back to try the burritos!
5	Every Rubio's I have been to has delivered an amazing meal. The first time I went to this location, the server was more than patient and asked the right questions to give the right recommendation for me. The Blackened Mahi Mahi has never disappointed me and is the perfect blend with any meal. I love coming here for my lunch break and always leave uplifted and re-energized to finish the work day.
1	My husband and I have lived in this area and have been going to this Rubio's location for several years. On each of our prior two visits for take out, our order was incorrect. Each time we called the restaurant and spoke with the manager on duty. The most recent time the manager offered to give us credit saying that they wanted to make it right and the next meal was on Rubio's and to just let them know the next time that we came in. This evening maybe not even two weeks since that visit, my husband went to get our usual takeout order and advised the manager that we were told our next meal was on Rubio's. The manager on duty, Oscar not only refused to honor this but became rude and argumentive saying that they didn't keep track of these things, that he needed to know the exact date, the name of the manager we spoke with and the exact meal so that he could go through all of the receipts for that evening. My husband explained that he didn't have the exact date and thought the managers name was Rick - Oscar said there were a lot of managers and he wouldn't honor the other manager's promise to make it right. My husband explained that we would pay this time but we would never be back and Oscar's response was 'whatever'. Very poor customer service this evening and even worse quality as of late. There are so many other places to eat near us, we have no problem never going to this Rubio's location again.
3	Usually pretty good but today the burrito was tiny and dry.  4 stars for past visits and 0 for today.  Our regular rubios is in Casa Grande and way better.
4	Flew in from out of town and stopped in with fellow travelers who have eaten here before.  For a quick lunch with a Mexican flair this place hit the spot!  Bright and inviting little place in a strip mall, with very friendly staff.  Service was pretty quick and the food came out hot and fresh looking.  I ordered the Grilled Chicken Enchilada and it was delicious.  Only negative to me was that the two enchiladas were on the small side, so if you are really hungry, try the 'pick two' enchilada meal.  It came with rice and beans, which were typical fair, but worked well with the what was a really good enchilada.
3	Rubio's is as good as it needs to be. Rubio's is a small-ish baja taco place that is marginally nicer than fast food but definitely not a full sized restaurant. That being said, it's quite nice and clean and the decor is very appropriate. Think Baja Fresh, not Chipotle. The fish tacos here, which are the main draw, are good but could be better. The overall mix of cabbage, sauce, fried fish, and corn tortilla is good, but I couldn't help but feel like the fish was a bit lacking. The fried crunch the fish had was excellent, but the underlying meat was a bit missing. The tacos also lacked heat, which I think is critical for a good fish taco. I would eat here again, but there are definitely better places on the west coast.
