5	This is a great thrift store.  You can frequently find good stuff here at a bargain price.  All of the sales go to an important cause.  A must for Phoenix thrifting.
4	TALK ABOUT THRIFT MECCA!. Shanti's is one of my fave shops to frequent on a regular basis due to wonderful prices, new inventory and an amazing staff. I have found many a perfect piece and even snagged a HUGE (5 FOOT x 5 FOOT) Ornate Gold Picture Frame for only $75 after they marked it down by half ( that's the great customer service I was bragging about)  It is totally worth the trip to peek inside this Thrift wonderland and see what treasures you will find.
4	Shanti's is a great store ! Because it's next to Goodwill, it needs a lot more signage to stand apart! Sometimes their windows are painted which really makes it stands out. I have told many people to stop in there, but because Goodwill is so overpowering, they miss it sometimes.That is my only constructive criticism that really is not their fault! I always find great shoes and clothing! For so dang cheap!!! They often get really great furniture! Whenever someone says they are looking for pieces, I refer them there because you never know what you'll find and it's priced to sell!They also have tons of books for less than $1, it might be less than .50 cents actually! They get tons of stuff and pretty much everything but furniture is less than $5 bucks.They provide a lot of services as a non-profit and I always enjoy spending my money or donating to these types of causes.
3	Ya'll. Help them out....please?! This is a non-profit the give recovering addicts a second chance at life. Donate your furniture, clothing, household, etc. They'll be happy to get it. Recovering addicts work in the store. It is beside the Goodwill on 16th Street and Indian School. Yes, it's safe. If you do not feel comfortable going in, you can perch in your vehicle and staff will come out and unload it. You will be surprise, the items for sale (inside the store) is reasonably priced. You can find some GREAT bargains! ...From books, furniture, clothing, to what-nots, housewares, and misc.I frequently make a clothing donation. Thus,doing my part to give someone a Second Chance at life. (Always give more than you take!)
5	I stop in every week to check out the treasures.  I am reluctant to brag about this place for fear you may beat me to a rock'in deal.Seriously, it is one of the best places for furniture.  Granted, it is hit or miss but when you find something it is grand.
