1	Jimmy Johns advertises their delivery, however they refused to deliver to my home which is literally 2 miles away on cave creek. I live off of cave creek and deer valley and they only deliver to rose garden which is about 1/2-1 mile from them. If your going to  advertise delivery, I suggest u deliver further than a 1/2 mile radius. I will not be going to this Jimmy Johns because of this. They are losing out on plenty of business as there is a very large subdivision off of cave creek and deer valley and only a few places deliver.
3	apparently my last review was removed. good sandwiches however they only deliver about half a mile when there is a huge subdivsion about a mile from them if they would deliver more than 1/2 mile woulda given them a better review
5	The staff had no problem serving us a few minutes after closing - Definitely fast and i love the ultimate porker.. a great option when heading back to cave creek after a hockey game!
5	It never ceases to amaze me how fast the people are here. It literally takes me longer to wait in line at the traffic signal turn lane then it does to park, get inside, get my sandwich, pay, and get out. I've been here several times after work and the people are always really friendly. The store is very clean and well kept. I normally prefer hot subs, but I'll make an exception for this Jimmy Johns location. These guys (and gals) are amazing!
1	Most mediocre sub I've ever eaten. Limited options for toppings. Much prefer subway where you can ask for whatever topping you like as you go through the line.  I went back with my sandwich to ask if they had salt and pepper. "No, sorry." I honestly thought she was kidding. Won't be back. How this got to be a major chain is beyond me.
1	I eat at several Jimmy Johns all over the valley and generally like the  sub sandwiches.  Stopped in this Jimmy Johns a few weeks ago and the guy behind the counter was just rude so I just turned around and walked out.
4	Always fast and fresh. While not the best sub I've ever had, they are pretty good. I penalized them one star for the service. The people they get to work the register need to exhibit just a smidge of human emotion. You feel like you're being served by zombies. Smile, say hello, be a LITTLE engaging instead of looking at me like I just beat up a bunch of puppies.
1	I stopped in here exactly once and it's the last time. I do not understand why Jimmy John's only offers provolone cheese. I do not like provolone cheese that much. So lame... get some swiss up in here already! The employees seemed to completely hate their jobs. Like being at that place was sucking the life out of them. This is a trend I've noticed at the other Jimmy John's I've been to (and only because my boyfriend is paying).The portion of roast beef I got had a weird green iridescence on it. I know it's supposedly "normal" for deli meats, but I think it's disgusting. What was even worse were the gelatinous sections in the meat. Not fat, but a clear jelly-like substance, which was next to some incredibly tough and chewy parts of meat that I had to spit out. Totally disgusting. Was it even real beef? Never again, Jersey Mike's has a far superior product. Another thing to note, I live less than two miles away from this location yet it's too far for their delivery service. I joke with my boyfriend that you have to be somewhere in the Costco parking lot area to take advantage of their delivery.
1	Ok. Let me preface this by saying I've ordered and had food deliver from this location to my same address over 5 times with no issues. Today, I am pretty much bed ridden with a nasty cold and a sprained ankle plus I am pregnant. I called to place and order gave them my card and everything was fine. After waiting 30 minutes for my sandwich I got a call saying , "I am sorry to inform you that you are outside our delivery radius."  Let's be real.  I understand that your policy might have changed since the last time I ordered from you two weeks ago, but you couldn't tell me that when I called to place the order? It was just unprofessional and terrible customer service. Won't be visiting this location ever again.
1	Who delivers but won't deliver within 2 miles because it is too far north. Terrible business!
1	Looking at the reviews, I know what the problem is here.  Yeah, not coming back.  Been to many JJ's and this is the worst I go to .  Will spend my dollars somewhere else.  I showed up when the MGR, (a really personality dead individual) was counting out the drawer.  He told me I had to wait.  But the Sandwich maker said, what are you having, I will get it going.  (5 stars with this guy)  He made my sandwich and wrapped it up.  As He put the tape on it I asked him to cut it in half.  He started to unwrap and I said, no worries, just cut through the paper and rewwrap it.  No big deal from me.  As soon as he cut through the paper, the manager, who had 3 people waiting in line, stops helping his customers, turns, points, and yells, dont ever do that again.  I was stunned he would yell like that, and the Sandwich maker says, what?  The MGR yells again, and louder, dont ever cut through the paper again, if paper gets in the sandwich, then we have to remake it. Now I started to tell him that I I asked for that to be done, but this brain dead individual would have nothing of it.  He is one of those domineering managers who is my way or the highway.  I told the SM guy that I was sorry, and he says, I have to go through this all the time.  I have owned businesses and run businesses and there is a time and a place to talk to your employees.  Never is it to stop what you are doing and yell at someone in front of the whole store.  I will eat next door, or down the street, but not here again.  Lots of 1 stars on this restaurant, I would lay doughnuts to dollars that they started about the time this guy was hired.  Find another job buddy, you are not a manager and do not need to be the face of a customer service based company.
1	I am visited this Jimmy Johns almost every weekend. Last weekend I noticed that they had a new worker there wrapping sandwiches. I also noticed that she was chewing something. Again today when I was in there this same woman took my order and then moved to wrapping sandwiches she had stuffed something in her mouth along the sandwich line, I am suspecting that it is the bread that they rip out of the middle of the sandwich, because her cheek was way puffed out and again she was chewing. By the time she got the sandwiches wrapped, she had swallowed all that was in her mouth. I know it was the same woman because she has star tattoos all over her arms. I know it is a health code violation to be eating while you are preparing food. So what is up with this lady??
5	Fast and always delicious. We were so pleased when a location opened near us because of hectic schedules we can get a healthy fast meal.
