4	This small restaurant is near India Garden. It looks so unassuming that I mistook it for one of  the long-time ne'er-do-well eateries on Atwood. This place apparently has been in business for about 6 months already, but it desperately needs to advertise itself. I only found it because I chanced upon Anna Z's Yelp review. I went during lunch time, but I was the only person in the dining room -- this is too bad, because their food is really good!As the name of the restaurant suggests, it is a Burmese place that also happens to serve sushi.  As far as I can tell, the sushi is decent enough (I had two pieces of hand rolls -- they were fine), but the stars of the menu are the Burmese dishes. I ordered the soup bowl  (#13 on the menu) with rice vermicelli, leafy greens, meat balls, fish balls and a soft-boiled egg and two quail eggs.  It came piping hot and full of the good stuff (they did not skimp on the meat/fish balls). The broth also has a rich flavor. A big bowl of hot soupy noodles definitely hits the spot on a cold winter day. Summary: This is by far the best Southeast Asian offering in Oakland (arguably within a 200 mile radius). It may become my new favorite lunch place.
4	Surprisingly good food for such an oddly uninviting storefront. Pick up order was ready within 10 minutes of my phone call, which involves silly levels of efficiency. Squid salad wasn't so spicy, but was really good. Sliced ginger was a little strong, but squid was actually tender.Laos spearmint came with cubed chicken, zucchini, carrots, broccoli, standard veggies. Not a very strongly flavored dish, I didn't think I'd ever use the word subtle for a takeout place, but it's appropriate. Avocado shake was like any other avocado shake, except for a few ice chunks that hadn't been blended in all the way. Really good for Pittsburgh, extra points for being 2 blocks away and cheapish.
4	Service is quickand friendly. I only waited 10 minutes in the store for 2 full dishes. I tried the Tokyo roll and one of their most popular noodle dishes called Myanmar something. Both tasted great and the serving sizes were pretty large large. The only complaint I have is with the prices... A tad high. I spent $20 on the two dishes overall. I recommend the place, and I'm going to try their other dishes soon.
2	Very disappointed in this restaurant after reading a good review in the City Paper and good reviews here. We ordered vegetable samosas as an appetizer, which we planned to share; a Burmese dish, shan tribe noodle bowl with chicken, pickled vegetables and tomato sauce as one entree; and dan pauk, a chicken-and-rice dish from India as another entree.Oddly, the shan tribe noodle bowl arrived first, right out of the microwave, and insufficiently heated. The flavors were somewhat interesting, but we were clearly being served leftovers. We finished that, waited awhile, and then the samosas arrived, extremely greasy but tasty. Another long wait, and then the chicken and rice arrived. More reheated leftovers--a big reheated chicken leg on top of rice that seemed like it was scraped from the inside of a pan. Blecch. The service, in short, was awful and the food was not much better. Avoid this place.
1	One of the worst dinners out I've had in a long time. And a surprise, because of the great review in Pittsburgh's City Paper and the raves from other Yelp diners.Start with the appearance of the place, a grim storefront, tables so close together that I could hear customers to our left discussing the diarrhea they had contracted on their trip to Mexico, all with harsh overhead lighting.We ordered samosas from the appetizer menu, a Burmese noodle dish for my husband, and an Indian chicken and rice dish for myself. My husband's noodles were served at least 30 minutes before anything else, and had clearly been microwaved; they had that uneven hot spots thing you get with microwaving and weren't hot enough, IMO a cardinal sin for hot food-it should be served HOT. Finally the samosas came out, tasty but oozing grease. We waited so long after that that we actually asked for our check when they finally served the rice and chicken. A plate of dry, broken, crunchy rice that had the texture of the rice you scrape from the bottom of the pot was topped with a huge, clearly microwaved, leg-thigh section of chicken. This rice was described on the menu as "basmati" and to my mind basmati rice is beautiful long-grained rice. This rice did not meet that description and was barely edible. The chicken was tough.When we left we made tracks to a frozen yogurt place for some serious palate-cleansing.
5	Came here with a cadre of grad school friends (aka experts on cheap asian cuisine) and we all found it an outstanding experience,  Notable dishes were the Shan tribe noodle soup, Kyar san hingar and the "India" chicken which had a degree of tenderness I've never seen replicated outside of my grandmother's slow roasted recipe.  The owner is personable and helpful.  Spicy actually means spicy here, so I recommend the Lime juice as an excellent way to wash it all down.
4	Initially when I walked in, I was definitely taken back by the dive decor, and actually had doubts about staying there for dinner. The hostess/waiter was extremely pleasant and the dishes on the menu were incredibly cheap. My bf and I ordered the samosa and vegetarian dumplings which were both deep fried and were quite delicious. I ordered the Korean rice dish with chicken. It was the perfect blend of spices and full of flavor. My bf ordered the Myanmar noodles with tofu and the spices were very distinct and original but blended together perfectly. All in all, we would definitely go back there for dinner. It's a nice dive dinner joint with great food.
2	We chose to check this place out because we had a spend $50 get $25 off coupon from restaurants.com.  Well, the inside of this place is kind of low rent and all of the glasses and plates were plastic.  It felt more like eating at a cafeteria than at a restaurant.We were looking forward to sashimi, and we each got a Tom Yum soup (pretty good, 3/5), seaweed salad (3/5), and 2 orders of sushi/sashimi (2/5).  We were also told to order more food, because we were $6 short... then told to get more because we needed $1 more to reach $50 for the coupon.Overall it was disappointing, and the sushi/sashimi tasted like it had been frozen, or maybe it was just on ice for too long.The service was good, and the owners were very friendly.The middle of the road meal would have been ok, had our total not come to $41.50 for both of us... after the $25 coupon.  To make things worse, we split the bill on two credit cards and they rounded up our food cost to $21 per card.  Not a big deal, but still another little thing that further discourages us from returning here.If you want sushi, I suggest going to the excellent Chaya in Squirrel Hill.
5	Went their last night with a friend and loved it. I had a Nepalese dish served with roti and two samosas that was really good. My friend had a Cambodian coconut-curry chicken that was out of this world!  I also recommend the Lao mint chicken and the Indian Biryani. The waitress was really friendly, chatting with us about her native Myanmar. Has a large selection of authentic Burmese cooking along with SE Asian and Indian food. Also has some very interesting sushi rolls.
4	A small hole in the wall place perfect for a cold rainy day in Pittsburgh. You feel comfortable and cozy at Burma-Tokyo with a sushi station to the left as you enter and a register to the right with simple dining tables and pictures hanging up. I didn't try the sushi but ordered the traditional Burmese noodle soup since they have Burma in their restaurant name so why not. Overall I wasn't sure what to expect but ultimately the flavors were good and there was a lot of food. Perfect to warm your belly and the price is just right. I would not have found Burma Tokyo had a friend not recommend it to me as the place is tucked into an Oakland neighborhood. Parking on the street.
5	We stumbled upon this place completely by chance, as we were wandering the streets of Oakland, looking for a sit-down restaurant we hadn't tried before.Burma-Tokyo boasts a menu that spans a lot of different types of cuisine.  They have a full sushi menu (which we didn't try on our visit), and also a series other Asian specialty dishes cooked 'in the Burmese style'.  I had the Nepal platter, which was a stew-like dish of chicken, mushroom, and potatoes, served with roti bread and samosas.  My husband got the Laos peppermint leaf with pork, which was had real peppermint leaves, and not just the flavoring.  Such unique flavors, we both really enjoyed our dishes (and sampling bites from each other's).I ordered some green tea, which was served in a gigantic Coca-Cola glass, enough for us to share.  And the miso soup was also huge and perfectly salty.The prices were great - for two entrees, tea, soup, and an appetizer, our total was less than $25.  And the service was great.  Our waiter could answer any questions we had about the menu or spices.  We will definitely be back!(Parking is on the street, so be aware that during the school year, that could be a little tricky.  But, if you can't find a spot to park, you can order delivery from Burma-Tokyo through campusfood.com, so there's no excuse not to try it!  :)
4	I came to BTR on my hour break from work to get some take out, only one table had been seated so I thought this was going to be a quick trip. A very sweet older woman came over with a menu and explained some of the dishes to me. I informed her I was a vegetarian and had it narrowed down to 2 choices, the Kaung Pond Kyaw or Akitashi tofu. She told me many of the dishes can be made vegetarian so I wasn't limited to just the veggie section of the menu. Well, this opened up countless possibilities for me. My eyes narrowed in on the Cambodia dish which is made with coconut cream, veggies and tofu instead of chicken for $6.99. Next she asked my spice level preference and I told her a 10 "Oh! You like it spicy." she remarked. Yes, I like it spicy and I've ordered too many 8's that tasted like 2's so I have a habit of overstating my preferences now. My order took longer than I had expected but I knew everything would be fresh so it was no big deal. About 20 minutes after ordering, the woman came up to me and very apologetically informed me that my order was made with chicken so it had to be redone from scratch. I was a little upset only because I had a limited amount of time, but I was grateful she came out and explained the situation. I had only 10 minutes to enjoy my dinner by the time I got back to work, but enjoy it I did! Lots of fresh, tender veggies and lightly fried tofu were bathed in a spicy (A 10 means a 10 here!) coconut sauce. I'm sure I'll return, but I'll call my order in first.
2	I was excited to try Burma-Tokyo because I love finding little hole-in-the-wall places with interesting, authentic-tasting food.  However, I was disappointed by my dinner. We ordered a vegetable tempura appetizer, which was ok. I mean, tempura is tempura, it was hot and greasy (a good thing for tempura!) but some of the vegetables inside the batter were just unidentifiable. I had one piece with sweet potato (yum) and then another with some white thing inside that didn't have much flavor. So it was a little hit-and-miss.I ordered the dish called "Nepal" with was a piece of roti, veggie samosas,  and tomato-based soup with potatoes and chicken. The roti was tasty, though greasy, and the samosas were not the best I've ever had. They were okay, but could have been more flavorful. The soup was my least favorite part of the dish-- it was very salty. To the restaurant's credit, maybe I just ordered the wrong thing... my boyfriend ordered a fried rice dish that he loved, and devoured the whole thing. The service was quick and friendly, but I was not all that impressed by the food. Next time I am having a craving for Asian food, I think I will try somewhere else.
5	This place is delicious and cheap. The soup is amazing. I eat here once a week and the employees/owners are friendly. The food is incredibly great! I look forward to dinner at Burma Tokyo every week. The food is flavorful and really great. Other reviews state that this is a great hole in the wall and I completely agree!
4	I love this place! It's a little hole-in-the-wall in Oakland. It's a very homely place. The owners are very friendly and talkative. The food is great. It's not too oily and creamy. The food has simple distinct flavors that are hard to find in other restaurants. It doesn't feel like heavy restaurant food, but more like home made food. The vegetables are fresh. I've even had their sushi and liked it. I've tried almost all of their entrees and have enjoyed all of them. It's a simple little homely place.
4	After living in Oakland for four and a half years I finally decided to try this restaurant and it did not disappoint. I got Miso soup, Thai Basil Leaf with Beef and a Coke. Everything was really delicious (although I would recommend trying the Tom Yum soup instead) and it all came out to less than 10 dollars.Even thought the place doesn't look that appetizing, it is definitely worth a taste.
4	Not sure how I missed this place for so long - stumbled across it trying to find the name of another place in Oakland, and I'm very happy I did.  Stopped in for lunch on a snowy Saturday on a sightseeing jaunt to Oakland.I've travelled around a good chunk of the rest of SE Asia, so I was curious about Burmese food.  I had the kyawe noodle bowl - sort of a pho-style dish with rice noodles and a nice little assortment of proteins: fish balls, shrimp balls, egg, quail egg, etc.  Very good.  My partner had the tom yum, and it was excellent.  The Burmese iced tea was good, too - pretty similar to Thai iced tea, which they also serve.  (I think the Burmese was made with a green tea, but I'm not certain.)  It was all very good, more so given the prices: $7 per plate (bowl).Decor was nice (that lots-of-lacquered-wood sushi-place look), especially given the neighborhood and prices, and the waiter was extremely friendly.  Highly recommend this place, especially if you're a fan of the SE Asian cuisines.  Biggest downside: parking.  Oakland's not the easiest place to find a spot.
4	Not what I was expecting -- so much better. We came here because we had wanted to go to India Garden, but it was closed. So we were disappointed, and hungry. We came through the unassuming front door into an empty restaurant and were greeted right away and seated next to the window. When we told our server we intended to share 2 entrees (vegetarian), he recomendad we share 1 entre - specifically the teriyaki tofu and 1 order of soup. It was an awesome combo and the food was really good! Additionally, our server was perfectly attentive and friendly during our whole meal.I was not expecting this level of service or quality of food based on the outside (or inside for that matter) of the restaurant, but it was great and I would definitely go back.
5	This is one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh if not the best with regard to flavors, price and service.  I have eaten there dozens of times.  Some of my favorite dishes are Thi Saun Hin veggy soup, fish curry, California roll, Kaung Pond Kyaw veggies, Shan tribe noodles (although it is a bit too spicy for me) and samosa, although it is a bit greasy.  The owners are extremely accommodating and they will serve brown instead of white rice, including in the sushi, at no extra charge.  In fact I am heading there now for lunch and my wife and I will take a friend there for dinner tonight.  I think that it is the only restaurant in which I ever eat twice in one day.
4	Burma-Tokyo is a hidden gem on Atwood in Oakland, a gourmet ethnic treasure crouched stealthily like a hidden speak easy, between littered college housing and dingy convenience stores.  Despite it's odd location, it's convenient to get to, absolutely delicious, incredibly inexpensive and never crowded.  They are available through "Wheel Deliver" if you want delivery, and while their appetizers are priced fairly normally at $5 for a few small tasty bites, the entrees are mostly $8 for a MASSIVE homemade dish of authentic Burmese heaven.If you haven't had Burmese food, imagine you combined plates from your favorite Thai and Japanese restaurants.  The service is very friendly and helpful, they definitely take pride in their offerings.  The atmosphere isn't fancy, but I can't fault them for unpretentiously putting their focus on the food!  For those in the know, these are some of the best deals on the best dishes in Oakland!
5	A family owned, whole in the wall with some of the best tasting, and inexpensive meals.  The owner makes great recommendations, and let us sample new menu items.  They are pretty fast for lunch and dinner.  I have gone in groups with 4-6 coworkers, and we can be in and out within 45 minutes.  they are very accommodating and allow you to order ahead if you are on a time crunch.   They can alter almost every menu item to be vegetarian or vegan, and the majority of the food is pretty healthy.   .
5	I'm new to the city and this was a great find. The service for my take out order was fantastic, and I got my food with little wait. I ordered the Rice Noodle dish with chicken and vegetables, and I have to say it's the best version of this dish I've ever had. I will definitely come back to try other dishes and the sushi. Excellent!
3	I was hoping to love this place, having become a fan of Burmese food while living in NYC. Unfortunately I've got to give it three stars; not because the food  was average overall, but because some of it was great and some of it was... not great.The samosas and summer rolls were both very nice, with the summer rolls a little thick and gummy for my taste but stuffed nicely (and with avocado -- new to me for summer roll purposes, but welcome).Here we get to the hit-and-miss section. The "Myanmar Shan Tribe Noodle" was pungent, peppy and delicious, though more of a noodle soup than the menu made it sound. It would be a 5/5 if judged on this dish alone.We also got the Thai Basil Leaf Chicken, being one of our litmus test Thai dishes, and the Malaysia style fried rice. The latter I was expecting to be somewhat like Nasi Goreng, the Indonesian version, but it was very moist, almost like risotto, and somewhat bland. I could taste the salted fish but none of the spice I was expecting.The Thai Basil Leaf Chicken was almost entirely tasteless. I'm not sure how you can make a Thai recipe tasteless -- it seems like you'd have to go out of your way to do it -- so we were very confused. The initial spoonful each was all we could muster.I think Burma-Tokyo is very much a 5/5 if you order the right thing, and sadly rather less than that if you don't.
2	This is within walking distance of Magee Women's Hospital, so I decided to take a chance and try. I was hopeful upon walking in, since the restaurant is dingy and dirty like many good Asian restaurants, but I was pretty disappointed by the end of the meal. The samosas are made with phyllo dough, and they tasted okay. I'm from Malaysia, so I decided to try the Malaysian style fried rice, and I have no idea what style from Malaysia they're claiming. I can't even describe in words how far off-base the fried rice was from what you really get in Malaysia. I realize the exact ingredients and flavors may not be the same as overseas, but whatever I ate wasn't even close. I have been to other Asian restaurants who have been able to produce a dish close enough.The service is okay, although beware that the aunt who is your waitress doesn't speak English very well. Her nephew, who seemed to run the business (since he handled the money), came over to apologize about her poor English. He then proceeded to have a conversation with me, but I couldn't hear or understand him very well. I'm usually pretty good with Asian-accented English, but I was at a loss. American Express is not accepted here (primary credit card company for corporations), so I probably won't return.
5	I went here for lunch as I work nearby and found it to be a great little hole in the wall, and it's hard to find Burmese food around here.  I had a special Burmese soup and also tried one of their sushi roles and found both to be excellent.  The prices for maki rolls look a little high but they actually give you more pieces than a typical place--the one I ordered came with 12 pieces.  The service was also fast and friendly and it seems to be a family run place.  Prices are very reasonable.  The atmosphere is fairly plain.
4	the Shan tribe noodle dish is great, lots of chili and garlic, pretty spicy I loved it. Owners are from this ethnic group in Myanmar (what the British decided to call Burma in the colonialism period) so this is their native food. The menu is very diverse with dishes from various Asian nations. Low prices, very friendly people. The Burmese vegetable soup is a good choice also!!
5	I got the Kyawe Soup which is a rice noodle soup. Really tasty and reminds me of food I get at home. My friend got the Kyar San Hingar which is a similar noodle soup and just as good. Didn't try the sushi, but my friend got the 16 piece and they gave him 20. Owners were really nice.
4	I came here at about 8:00 PM on a Saturday, and (to my surprise) the restaurant was completely empty. The menu is basically split up into appetizers, specialties (from various parts of east Asia), and sushi. The sushi combos were an intriguing deal, but I bypassed ordering raw fish because of the emptiness of the restaurant.I decided on the Myanmar specialty (Shan Tribe Noodle). I saw the ingredients chili paste and cilantro, so there was no way I could pass up on the dish. While waiting I was served a complimentary glass of tea which was a nice gesture.Once served the noodle soup was delicious. It had a great contrast of flavors and textures. In regard to the former, the 'hot spices' were balanced with the 'aromatic spices.' In regard to the latter, the textures ranged from soft noodles and beans, to slightly crunchy but soft carrots, to the crunchy grounded peanuts. Overall, a very enjoyable dish.The service was very attentive (though I was the only customer).Note, the prices listed on the Yelp menu seem to be less than the current prices at the restaurant (as of 4/20/2013); for example, the Myanmar specialty dish is listed at $7.19 online but $8.99 at the restaurant.
5	This place was magnificent.  They could really use a little spic and span but the food was great. I took the recommendations of my fellow Yelpers and went with Kyawe soup although think it was called something different on the menu. The soup is one of Burmese popular soup, made with chicken broth, shrimp ball, fish ball, egg, quill egg, mustard leaf, chicken meat ball, pork ball and rice noodle. The menu boasts that all balls are Burmese's homemade style.  I have never had any Burmese style balls I tried to do some independent study on shrimp balls on line in preparation for this meal but even that wasn't enough to prepare me for the heavenly goodness. The soup at first glance looked simple since the broth was clear but the flavors were so charming and likable.  I thought that I might not enjoy this soup since I am not a fan of pho but this was nothing like pho and commanded its own respect. With each bite I keep telling myself this is going to suck and I am not going to enjoy it I am about to put something in my mouth that is going to be funky I was so wrong.  I was surprised that I was the only one dining here at 12:00pm on a Thursday. Burma-Tokyo is off the beaten path though but very near Spice Island Tea House.
