4	One of the newest libraries in the valley, it is a very clean and comfortable place.  I come here to study several times per month.  There is FREE wireless internet, although it's horribly slow.There are always events for children.it's located next to the Centennial Hills Park and the YMCA.Will I come back?  Of course.
5	People think it's funny that I get excited about places with a good library system and inventory....but you know what? It's FREE and it's something for me to do. I also need feed my want of good books, but I also am one of those people who read a lot of novels that I know I won't ever read again and is useless to own. I collect books, but this is a great way for me to know what to add and what I can just enjoy once.... I like this place is clean and neat. The inventory too is pretty good with books but what was surprising was the CD and DVD collections. Now, coming from LA, I practically lived in the Downtown Library for the bar none book selection but videos and CDs are not their strong point. I was really surprised with some of the random CDs....my BF and I have such a huge collection of music but still can always grow so we grab bags and bags of CDs to listen through and the DVDs even have new movies that are in the Blockbuster new releases.....most libraries the most recent movie I like that's available is To Wong Foo and I was a baby when that was released. The 50 item limit per item is crazy! I've never lived in a city that allows more that 20 items per individual. Yep- we're going to listen to every CD in there for sure.Hours of entertainment on free,free,free. Can't beat that.
5	I am a huge fan of this library! It is clean and well maintained. The selection is great and the story time room is great! I have lived in other library systems and this is one of the best. The homework club is a great service. I take my older kids there to do homework in a special room that they check-in and check-out of during the school year where they can get tutoring if they want it, or just work on their assignments using a laptop computer. You can also get school projects printed for FREE during homework club which saves a lot of headaches for anyone who has ever worked on a big class project with a middle schooler knows about when your home printer has gone caput. Nice little play area for the younger tykes too.As a working writer I go here to get stuff done and have found the wifi a little slow - but its free!
4	It's been a few months since I've been to this library to study.  Dropped by today and remember why I love this location.  It's my favorite one of the Clark County Libraries.The furniture is comfortable and there are plenty of power outlets nearby for your laptop.  The other thing I noticed this visit is that the design of the entrance/lobby reminds me of Aria @ City Center.
4	Hey LV yelpers!I'm a really big repeat offender of this library!I come here to study often since this is closer to me then driving to campus.It's a 9 mile drive from me but I'm glad it's open 7 days a week. M-TH 10-7pm F-SUN 10-6pmComfy chairs, desks, computers, books and dvds. FREE WIFI! :)If you're in the area and looking for a library... stop by here. Clean and bright. Helpful staff. Easy parking.
5	I love this library! Not only is it new, clean, and well stocked, but they also let you check out a boatload of cd's at one time! 30 cd's and 7 dvd's for 7 days. (Ya gotta love it!) They also have free WiFi, comfortable chairs, and lots of desks and computers.
5	I love going to this library because they have the books I am looking for and the staff is very friendly. It's a great place to collect your thought and hey they have free WiFi. They also have a story time for the kids so that's also good to bring your kids that way they can enjoy a great story.
3	I like the security at the door, very nice. I also enjoy the self kiosks they have, not usually a line to check out. What I don't enjoy however is the loudness inside of this place. It's a library... You should be quiet. You can talk as loudly to your neighbor as you'd like but don't you dare pull out that cell phone and answer the call, you'll be scolded by the security officers and told to step outside. Why can't they tell that to the people talking loudly?It has a children's section, they're not quiet either. Yes they're children, but they should understand to be quiet as well. They offer a lot of things for the kids to do, and even adults. It's just not a quiet place to be, so I'm in and out as soon as possible from this place.
4	I love coming to the library whether for a book or to get a cd to add to my collection ;). This library is nestled in a great area. If you have children there are tons to do in the area, you have the YMCA for the hotter months they have the gymnasium and pool, and when it cools down the library is surrounded by parks.There is ample parking here, and convenient book drop offs. For DVD and CD's you have to bring them inside and scan them in, and for this very reason, this is why I cannot give this location 5 stars. They only have two return kiosks and I have waited in line up to 15 minutes just to turn in one CD.
5	You can't go wrong with the free services in the library! Organized and lots of programs for the babies such as story time, puzzle playing, educational classes!
4	The valley's library system is more than adequate, but seemingly has seen its hours cut deeper and deeper in the last five years. The hold system is awesome. And the selection is fairly vast, although they contain noticeable holes in some areas (do they truly need 128 copies of the same horrible dvd [order ten less, and get a couple of arthouse films instead])When the economy was met at full strength with The Great Recession, it was arguably a competition between LVCCLD and North Las Vegas library systems in regards to who would slash their hours and staff more. One would open an hour later, and the other then would open two hours later; now we are stuck with Centennial Hills opening at 10AM! Pretty ridiculous. Moreover, if you ever have anything of yours stolen from this library branch: Centennial Hills, you may have imagined that with the London-esque system of CCTVs (about seventy of them, it appears) that it would be quite simple to have the footage reviewed and your possession(s) recovered. Think again. They won't help you. Knowing this, from personal experience, I don't let anything out of my sight/grasp, and never even go to this library anymore. College/Univ libraries, for those that are students or that sign up as just community members, are far quieter and actually have hours of operation that have them open before lunch and after dinner. - EPostscript. Another thing missing here is the overnight media drop-off that North Las Vegas (Aliante, Alexander) has. If you have a dvd or cd, there is a slot to drop it off during non-open hours where the item ends up inside the climate controlled library instead of the oven box outside that would cook the item.
5	The whole family loves this library!  It was easy to join and even the kiddo got his own card.  The check out/in process is quick and automated and there is a great children's section.  The library has a list of a lot of the local schools' Accelerated Reader lists too.  There are tables throughout the building and free wifi if you want to bring a computer and there is a whole room for computers in case you don't have your own.  There is a separate computer area for kids too.  Easy in and out trips make it a great stop on the weekend to switch out books and keep the little one entertained!
4	Centennial Hills Library is my favorite library in Las Vegas.  Maybe I'm biased since it's closer to home, but it's a nice getaway from my office or home.  Like all other libraries, this one is quiet but they do allow a little chit chat, which is a huge plus for me.  I rarely check out any books, but I do read some of the magazines when I need a break from working in my computer.This library is a decent size, quiet, and parking is a breeze.  I love the large tables with the built in outlets for all my gadgets.  Wifi is also free here, which is a bonus if you do not have your own hot spot.  Overall, I'm a huge fan of this library and foresee more visits in the future.
5	best library in town, new and clean, i think it is LEED certified ....bomb diggity books..
5	I just love love love this library! Extremely friendly staff, an easy-to-follow set-up and an all-around welcoming building. Thursday 0-18 month (10:30am and 1:30pm) storytimes are well-planned and very engaging. They also have an open play opportunity following storytimes for the babes to interact and the parents to socialize. You can find my little gentleman and I here on the regular!If you're a parent, especially of a youngster, be sure to stop by the children's services desk. They have a great new program to encourage reading before kindergarten, with incentives along the way until you reach 1,000 books. Awesome!
5	Storytimes are usually excellent, and they have crafts afterward.The Clark County Library System is amazing in and of itself, not just limited to this location.  I love that I can go online, find a book and request it from any library in Vegas, and it'll be delivered to MY local library so I can pick it up.  AMAZING!They have a lot of perks, too.  A quiet study room (which is actually very quiet despite being next to the kids section...once that door closes, no sound comes through), and you can reserve private study rooms that are also very quiet.Lots of places to setup your laptop and just work work work, complete with free wifi and outlets to plug in your dying laptop right there on the tables.Very friendly staff too.  Self-checkout stands and easy, automated return system.
5	My favorite library in the Las Vegas valley!  Very easy to find items here and very helpful staff as well.  Also by far the cleanest library in Clark County.
1	For someone who is completing their Masters degree and studying for Certified public accounting exams, this library is one of the few places I have found that offers a silent space to focus.However my experience is negative as I dread walking in those doors everyday because of the tall security guard who works morning shifts and treats me like I'm 5 years old and watches me like a hawk- loves to tells me what I'm doing wrong when all I am looking for is a place to study. I feel extremely uncomfortable here and slightly harassed. The other- shorter and slightly larger security guard seems to have no problem with me and I do not behave any differently when the different guards are around nor do I disrupt anyone so stop watching me!It's a shame to see this is where my tax dollars are going. I hope this improves soon.
2	Overall this library is clean and provides a great place to study in silence. Aside from Tony and a woman with short white hair at adult services, they're not very friendly or helpful here. The security guard who was bothering me for many weeks has backed off now that I've made it clear that he has no grounds to be as condescending as he was being.I find it to be a pleasant experience to come here when I don't interact with any of the workers and merely come to use the facilities.
5	Love this library always clean and everyone is helpful.  The best part of this library is that once we are done finding all of our favorite books we can head out to the park and enjoy the outdoors. The park located behind the library has a water feature and trails.
2	I am going to continue going to this library because it is the closest to my house & my kids love books. The children's side of the library (while very messy & disorganized) was actually pretty decent. They had a fairly large collection of books & toys to keep the kiddos entertained. However, the toy section could be moved to a different area of the library so as not to disturb the adult area. The nonfiction section of the adult library was terrible. The books were in bad shape & the entire section filled only 4 or 5 rows. There were more movies & CDs than books. The check out system has no instructions anywhere & when the system went awry on me, the older man at the customer service desk just watched me struggle with it & laughed. Apparently, one of the books we checked out did not get "deactivated". So, the aforementioned older man at customer service very condescendingly explained what he saw happen during my check out process. Overall, not a great library at all. I was pretty disappointed.
5	Outstanding. Clean, convenient, well-lit, well-cooled, easy parking, comfortable.Now if they could just serve craft beer and expresso... :)
1	Beware of the kids computer area. I am at this library twice a week and the kids there are always cussing and acting inappropriate. The first time I heard them I told a lady in the homework room and she told me to go to youth desk and report it. She did nothing. Told them i saw an 11 year old watching straight up porn from youtube. The manager didn't even go through the history and said it was an accident and he couldn't remember what he clicked on. She told him that they needed to know so they could block it. That's it! This kid intended to watch it and maximized it for a whole 3 minutes. My 7 year old daughter just got an eye full and I am not happy with management's reaction.
