5	This store is WONDERFUL! I was looking into cloth diapers for the first time and thought the only place I could research was online until I found the Baby Grocery Store. As soon as I stepped in one of the staff offered to help me and walked me through the TONS of diapers they have going over ease of use, absorbency etc. I also explored their baby food selections as well as wraps. I will definitely be going back- especially because they have workshops for baby wearing, cloth diapering, LLL etc. It is GREAT- and so is the online store which offers free shipping! If you live in the area definitely stop by to check it out!
4	This is a really cute business.  It's basically a baby Whole Foods or Earth Fare - everything available is somewhere high up on the "crunchy" spectrum.  Lots of nursing supplies and peripherals - pumps, wraps, pillows, creams - but organic formulas too.  For older kids, Earth's Best food, non pvc/bpa feeding supplies. Some toys, lots of lotions and ointments and cleaning products.  The star attraction in my opinion is the massive cloth diaper selection.  I have not been able to find such a variety of CDs in any brick-and-mortar store in Charlotte.  They had a half off sale on Kissas products when I came by so I finally bought some fitteds - I'm more of a pocket girl. They have disposables as well, 7th Generation and Naty.  There are a few needs they don't fill - safety products for one, and they have only a few toys. It's very much a "grocery" oriented store.The price point is higher. There's no escaping that in a store of this kind.  But they do seem to have some good sales and they have a reward program - spend so much, get a bit in never-expiring "babybucks" for a future purchase.  It's not terribly far from BBB and BRU, so if your green needs aren't satisfied there, check this place out.
4	A great shop in Charlotte where you can get all your baby feeding, caring, and diapering needs. We attended a great cloth diaper class there. Great staff, great space, and good people. More here http://www.treeleavesoracle.org/baby/?p=1
5	My first time at this all-things-healthy-baby-and-momma was last night for a baby shower hosted by Ace and TJ on 96.1.  Lots of great goodies being given away, yummy cupcakes and a beautiful fruit bowl and bottled water were plentiful.  The layout was open and very child-friendly.  The staff was friendly and very knowledgeable!  There is literally everything you could ever want as a mommy or a new mommy to be.   All the rage cloth diapering (they offer classes!), the entire Honest line (Jessica Alba's creation), and a numerous array of organic and local products both edible and non edible are offered on each row of this beautiful store.  I decided to register here for a few of my local friends and was given a $20 gift card on the spot! You can also host a baby shower there---FOR FREE--- if you register there! They have a cute room available for the shower or classes.  I was 100% impressed and hope everyone makes a special trip out there to support it!
5	The Baby Grocery Store is a unique baby store that carries a lot more than groceries! They have toys, gear (like high chairs and slings), food and more! They have all the best of the best in each category. Their focus is on natural and organic things, so I always feel good buying from them. Check out their Facebook page to find their current promotions, and you might be able to save a little money while shopping.
5	This store is awesome! They have a huge selection of baby foods, feeding & diapering supplies and even some baby gear.  When I go to the regular market or Target they carry the same labels, but definitely not such an extensive line like they have at the baby grocery store. Our LO is starting to get really picky so it was great to be able to head over to the Baby Grocery Store and try out a ton of new organic and healthy options.
