5	Those of us "foodies" know that if the company is not good, the food is not good...regardless...which is why I am happy to give Bar North such a great review.  I was there with a terrific group of people [STAR 1].  We were able to relax on the patio (with clean furniture, I might add) overlooking the fountains, in an intimate setting where we could hear one another [STAR 2].  The wine list was good, at a fair (i.e., expected) price [STAR 3].  The appetizers and salads were awesome [STAR 4].  And the waitstaff (Damn, I wish I could remember her name!) was incredible [STAR 5].  'nough said.
4	I have always preferred this place to the "big NoRTH" across the way from it. Bar North is open, airy and comfortable and not too noisy, even sitting pseudo inside (even the "inside" is pretty much outdoors when the weather is nice). The menu is the same at both places and BN is less pretentious while still being a nice place to be. It is just so relaxing! The food is good to boot! Last weekend we stopped in on a "girls night" for wine and apps. We all loved the calamari salad (it sounds just like regular  calamari on the menu, but comes with delicious lemon tossed greens It's a superb combo of light n heavy combined). We also had a pepperoni mushroom pizza that was baked to perfection. They used button mushrooms and I loved that! I even picked them off the pieces we didn't eat because I couldnt leave them behind! The only Thing we weren't crazy about was the asparagus bruchetta. The prosciutto was delish, but the bread and the cheese just didn't work for any of us who tried it. Still, we had a great time, excellent service and some good food and wine. I give them five stars for that!
5	Quite simply a perfect spot to grab a drink- anytime.   We stopped in to grab some mimosas mid-morning while in town on vacation. The bartender was very friendly and accommodating.  We didn't grab food this go 'round- but I know that it is very good if I had to compare it to the NoRTH in Austin.  The atmosphere is very inviting with open windows and (extra *) PURSE HOOKS!  :)
5	Truth is "my new favorite spot" in Scottsdale. I mean it's kind of difficult not to like a place with great food and a fun atmosphere. The outdoor seating area overlooks the courtyard area at Kierland. I think "Bar North" gets a little overlooked. It's like playing Annie, Annie over. You've got North (the restaurant), kitchen in the middle and Bar North on the other side. Menu is exactly the same at either place. Just a more casual, comfortable environment at Bar North. It's also quieter and there are lots of cozy seating options if you just want to stop for a cocktail. I have to say I prefer "Bar North" over the restaurant "North".  If you make a visit try their chitarra pasta dish. It's served with grilled butternut squash, brussel sprouts and hazelnuts. Served with a light butter cream sauce. I know kind of an odd combo but one of the "best" pasta dishes I've ever had. They do "special requests" too. My husband always asks for their chicken lasagna. Not the typical lasagna version your thinking of but it's been one of North's specialties and no longer listed on the menu. If you're hungry for pizza try their prosciutto fig goat cheese pizza. Another "unique" winner.I LOVE this place and can't wait to go back. Bar North next time I'm in town I'm a coming.
4	Casual place in Kierland to kick back and grab a drink and light bite.  I had the thin crust margherita pizza and it was pretty good.  The patio is fun when the weather is nice.
4	Great place to relax and grab a drink at Kierland Commons.  This place gets busy and I can understand why...it is just a cool place!  The prosecco cocktails are good and they have a nice beer/wine selection too.  I am convinced that anything Fox opens will be a major success...this guy just gets it!
4	This place is so fun and casual! I love stopping in for lunch when I'm shopping at Kierland. Even my grandma liked it (she's picky, okay?).We tried the burger and the roasted eggplant pizza. Both were very good, the ingredients seemed fresh and high quality.They have a great pizza and wine deal going on right now, it sounds like my next date night!
5	Great place, wine is cheap for happy hour and I can spend hours here working on my novels and people watch. Food is good.
4	Looking for a casual spot to have a great glass of wine and a terrific meal?  Then look no further than Bar North.Oh sure- you can go to the fancier North restaurant next door, but why?  The menus are the same, you have the same great choices of wine and the stellar service abounds.  So with our group the other night- we took over the bar side of this restaurant in Kierland Commons and they took great care of us!Chris, our server, was outstanding!  My glass was never empty- he took the time to make us feel so welcome and he was quick with a quip (which I love!)  And imagine my surprise when I found out he had only been with Bar North for about two months . . .I would have thought, given his comfort with his role, that he had been there much longer!  But who cares?:  He really took our night from just another night out to a great night out and for that he deserves a shout out!We started with some chacuterie and bread along with some type of stacked sandwiches.  For our entrees we had a couple of their thin crust pizzas as well as two of their signature pasta dishes.  All were quite good.  And for dessert? Tiramasu which almost had us licking the jar it came in.Bar North is located in the Kierland Commons mall so parking is plentiful.  I also liked that it opens onto to a common patio which would be great for people watching on a warmer day (it was cold when we were there).  And the decor is contemporary and understated with candles twinkling in the windows only to be matched by the crystals dangling from the exposed bulbs in the center of the room.All in all a really great choice for a fun dinner out!
5	This place is nice to sit outside and socialize as well as inside to enjoy a meal. We sat outside and our waiter was great no was patient because we were taking a while o order as well as wine to food selection. I especially loved my pesto pasta dish - was amazing ! Definitely worth trying out !
5	Love this place. The burger with the Robiola Cheese is outstanding. But why change the menu so often? This pisses off regulars who come in expecting something they have been craving all week. Not cool Bar North. Not cool at all.
2	I've been to NoRTH and Bar NoRTH many times, but this time was just totally disappointing.  Just to put things in perspective, we were there for a late lunch (after 2pm) on a Friday.  We walked in and they told us to take any seat.  Then we waited over 10 minutes before anyone came with menus.  It wasn't as if they didn't see us walk in.  We ordered a salad and a pizza, and we were splitting both.  The salad came and they had already split it for us - nice touch.  Then we waited 40 minutes for the pizza.  Crazy.  Of course, the waiter came right away with the bill, but then never showed up to take my credit card.  We walked up to the bar to pay on our way out.  I'm not sure if I'll be real anxious about giving them another try - if they can't handle the meals when it's empty, what'll it be like when it's busy?!?
5	If I could give more than 5 starts to this place, I would. How could you not love the bottle of wine plus a bruschetta or pizza for $20.00 every Wednesday for happy hour and all day on Sunday??? My girlfriends and I always end up with at least 3 bottles! The food is so delicious!! addicting!! and even though the bruschettas look little, they will fill you up. We always end up with leftovers... maybe we get full too quickly with that wine and all the talking LOL. Highly recommended for a date, get together with friends, etc. Especially when the weather is gorgeous and you can sit outside. =) I wish it could be closer to my home. Enjoy your Vino Tinto my grapefriends!!!
5	Bar North is definitely one of my favorite mid-priced restaurants in AZ, similar to Zinc Bistro across the street, but substantially cheaper. I love their tomato bisque, bruschetta with asparagus and brie, & grilled artichoke. I've heard their Nutella crepes are amazing, but I haven't gotten to those yet. Their cocktail menu seems a little small, but a capable bartender is always there to make you something you know you like or something you've never tried before. Atmosphere is great, staff is friendly, the bathroom is outside which is a little awkward but not too big of a deal. If you haven't tried this place before, I would highly recommend.
4	When the weather is nice, I love the patio a Bar North. But it's Summer in Phoenix so that means A/C is a must. Same great menu as North just more casual dining focused around the indoor bar and outdoor patio space.
4	The excitement of looking forward to the weekend has now passed, having taken along with it your money, brain cells, and a formerly dent-free ride. Nothing left to do now but laundry and commiserate about the coming five days at work.Wrong.Just like Sir Edmund Hillary making his final push up Mt. Everest, you dig deep for that one last party push. It's in you, grind it out.Somewhat subdued from a weekend of shots and the spasmodic activities following those shots, I opt for a mellow night out. Bar North is the place.For twenty bucks, you can get a decent bottle of house red and any one of a half dozen appetizer plates. We had the antipasto, followed by a thin crust pizza. Another twenty bucks got us a second bottle and a small bowl of spaghetti and meatballs.A third bottle would have left its mark the next morning. We called it good for this particular weekend. (Even with the dent).Bar North on a Sunday night is a good way to forget there's a weeks worth of shit headed your way in less than 12 hours. Some like to call it work.
5	Wanted to post and give 'em five stars because as I considered who to review . . . I thought of my fav places and this is definitely one of them.  The food I always like, usually from the happy hour menu.  Meatballs, arangini . . .it's all good.  The wine selections have been just fine for me and the service always has that touch of personality and exceptional-ness which I so appreciate about the Sam Fox Group.  The ambiance is great with either a patio seat overlooking the fountains at Kierland . . . or the inside chic little dining room with tv and light, contemporary decor.  But the big reason I wanted to review them and give them their due five star rating is that I am always a happy camper there.  However happy I am going in, it is augmented  there. :)
3	This is a nice little lunch place in Kierland.  I had a mixed greens salad with chopped dates, nice touch.  I need to try several more dishes to make a more accurate review.  I will be back.
5	Okay, so I have like my own personal set of bookshelves in Barnes & Noble, but I ventured outside onto the main area of Kierland Commons to have a drink.  Usually, we would stop at Zinc, but noticed Bar North right across the "street" from B&N.  It was a typical lovely October day in Scottsdale, so we wanted to sit outside.  Wow.  Will definitely go back over and over again.  Great location, our server, Andrew, was fantastic, as were the other wait staff that came over to make sure we were taken care of.  Hadn't really planned on eating, but the menu, while not extensive, was very intriguing.  We ordered the "Chef's Board", which is their version of a charcuterie platter, and the bruschetta.  Wow.  Did I say that already?  First of all, I love charcuterie.  This one was one of the best I've ever had.  The combination of meat, cheese, peppers, nuts and chutney was a palate sensation.  The bruschetta was a bit different than I'm used to, as it included grilled asparagus.  Not being a huge asparagus fan, I removed them, and the remainder of the bruschetta was absolutely delicious.  My wife, who is a big asparagus fan, ate it and raved about it.  Highly recommend this nice little eatery.
1	This place looks great, has a good atmosphere and I had wanted to try it until I caught a glimpse of their poor customer service and condescending vibe.My girlfriend and I wanted to grab a quick drink before we grabbed dinner at a nearby restaurant. We walked up to Bar North, went in through the open and enviting front door and waited at the entrance for a few moments. No one offered to seat us, direct us, or help us so we thought maybe that it was open seating, afterall they had tons of open seats on the back patio. We approached a table began to sit when finally we were approached by someone who worked there and appeared to be management stating that we couldn't sit at any of the open tables on the back patio because of the specific weekend and its NOT open seating. He then told us that we would have to walk all the way to the restaurant (the next occupancy over) and ask the hostess to be seated at the same open tables we were trying to sit at. He spoke to us as if everyone should know this and escorted us out of Bar North and pointed to the front of the restaurant North which is a decent walk away. The way we were escorted out of Bar North made both of us feel like we had been caught stealing...Why couldnt he just have seated us himself, told the hostess that he just sat us and atleast pretended like he wanted to help us?...Didn't bother to wait to be reseated by hostess..Won't be going back..
3	Sat at the bar with a colleague on a Thursday while in town on business and I am pretty sure we were the only two there not trying to pick up or be picked up - and the crowd was primarily 40+. Decent but somewhat limited wine selection. During happy hour you order red or white and don't know what you are going to get. No draft beer - only a handful of options in bottles and cans. Service was quite good. Had the mussels appetizer and they were just ok. "The Pig" pizza was excellent. Solid choice but not spectacular.
5	Excusing the pretentious capitalization of this restaurant, I must say my meal was perfect. Went with family, had the salmon. Cooked to perfection and was accompanied by some sort of risotto like pasta with crack cocaine butter on it. I plowed the whole thing down like there was no tomorrow. And that was after their delicious house bread and special butter. Good stuff, this place.
4	Walked in to their neighboring restaurant, and got seated here, same menu and kitchen - so that suited us just fine. Kale salad was delicious, split it with my companion, wished I had one all to myself! The chicken pesto was a huge portion, and hit the spot. The kitchen service was a little slow, but our server was a gem and brought us some bread for the wait.
3	The reason I give this a 3 star is because of the service. The food is delicious but the service was bad. We walked in, and seated ourselves. The waiters would walk around but it took them forever to come ask us for our beverages. After our drinks came out he left the table and took alteast 25-30 mins to come back and ask us for our order. He would walk around in the place and notice that we had our menus down and ready to order but took forever to come back.
5	Great food, great customer service. Everything you can expect from a Fox Restaurant Concept. Aaron and Amy were exceptional. They made our much deserved day date a wonderful experience.
4	Dear Bar North, Please use WD-40 on your entrance doors. The squeak is painful. With love,A yelper.
3	Great server. Menu options were underwhelming. Pasta was well prepared, and wine was cheap for the area.
3	Service was good, we had a lot of questions and our server was very pleasant and patient. Food was good, nothing over the top amazing, but not bad either. The whole lunch was meh, although the price was right (happy hour prices all day Sunday!). One sidenote that seriously was distracting-- they have a fly problem, which always grosses me out and makes everything seem ultra dirty! We noted it to our server and he just said they come in from the open doors. I sure do hope so!
3	The atmosphere is better than the food so I guess it's a typical Scottsdale spot. It's cute for a few drinks but North is certainly not a place I frequent. If you go for dinner don't get their steamed pei mussels they were so salty we sent then back but they redeemed themselves when I ordered the Strozzapreti-chicken, mushrooms, spinach, pine nuts, and Parmesan, super tasty. I guess it's worth a shot,  a cute date spot but forgettable.
3	Overpriced. Small portions. I would rather eat at chipoltle down the street. Beet salad was okay but not worth the 14 dollars. Server was very nice (was a guy)
1	Ripoff Report - Proceed with caution!A group of us came here for happy hour last night to celebrate a coworker's departure. Our office is located in Kierland, so we chose Bar North as it's within walking distance, they have a nice patio, and have provided great service in the past. The service was friendly and very accommodating to our large group, but we left feeling bamboozled! Four of us in the group ordered a pitcher of Sangria. We were about 3/4ths of the way through the first pitcher, when another pitcher had been served to our table. None of us had wanted another pitcher, but started to drink it anyway as we all thought that someone else at the table had ordered a second one. There were about 12 people at our table so, it was hard to know who ordered what. We all asked each other "who ordered the second pitcher?" The answer was no one ordered the second pitcher, the server just served us a second one without asking, and added it to our tab. We felt that we couldn't dispute the check since we started to drink out of the second pitcher, even though we barely touched it as we all had to drive ourselves home that night.To make matters worse, one of the woman in our group had ordered a glass of Chardonnay not knowing that there were several options on the menu. Instead of asking her which one she would like, they instead served her the most expensive one at $14 for one glass. If you have several different kinds of Chardonnay, why wouldn't they ask the patron which one they wanted? Instead they just took this as an opportunity to up-sell.There are several options in Kierland for Happy Hour without shady service, that is where we'll be going next time as Bar North left us all with a feeling of being taken advantage of.
