5	I likely drive by 3 yogurt shops to get to Yogurtology.  And it's well worth the drive.With so many yogurt shops popping up, you might notice the formula:  someone buys a franchise, they order their flavors from the same vendor, have the same toppings, hire a couple 16 year olds, yada yada.  You been to one, you been to many.Product Quality:  Yogurtology has turned the competition up a couple notches:  the assortment of toppings is incredible- it's the only place I know of that has baklava as an ice cream topper.  The fresh fruit is plentiful and beautifully fresh.  The yogurt flavors are spectacular, so you will definitely have some serious decision making to do.Atmosphere:  Spotlessly clean- i think that they hire one person just to clean, vacuum, and wipe down.  The help is very friendly and forthcoming- they must seek out gregarious employees, or train their employees to be outgoing and helpful.  There is seating inside and outside.I hope this place is around for a good long time!
4	Good yogurt, great prices
5	I love this place! The folks who work here are extremely friendly - they remembered me after just a couple of times going in! Definitely try the pomegranate-raspberry and the oatmeal cookie flavors. Some of the best flavors of any yogurt place I've been to!
3	Ok, I visited this place today after reading the reviews on here. Hmmm...If (and I mean IF) I had the Oatmeal Cookie flavor and that was it, I'd be sold and this place would get 5 stars. But, I also had the carrot cake (non fat, etc.) and it wasn't all that. In addition, I tried the Golden Cupcake Batter and I've had bettter. There are many good things about this place, though. And I hope to try some more flavors in the future, as there are lots that sound really good. The personnel here are excellent, helpful and informative--more than other shops around the Valley. The place is clean and fresh. And, that Oatmeal Cookie yogurt was to-die-for delish! I'm still betting on Yogurtland as the best, but I'll follow up when I return to this place...it's still on my list as "good",
3	I have been a big fan of the original Yogurtology on Thompson Peak Road and was really excited that another location was opening up close to my home.  The feel is very similar to the other location.  They had oatmeal cookie; a flavor I have never had before.  It was fantastic!  However, I just hate having to ask for a sample.  I also thought it was interesting that for their loyal customer club they offer $3.00 off and not a free yogurt.  Does not seem like such a great deal when there are a ton of yogurt shops in the area.
4	I have to agree with some of the other yelpers that this is possibly the best frozen yogurt in scottsdale.....maybe the entire valley.... but the jury is still out on that. The variety of flavors is great....the service is great....and the ambience of this particular locale is very good especially since it is in a strip mall. So if your in the mood for some great frozen yogurt give Yogurtology a try. Eat,Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	I think I just found my favorite Fro-Yo shop in Scottsdale on all fronts!Taste, Flavors, Toppings, Staff and Ownership! This place is a winner!The moment you walk into this place, you know that this joint is a step up from the run-of-the-mill Fro-Yo shops that pepper Scottsdale. Each flavor station has it's own LCD screen!Let's take a magical journey into Yogurtology though...The flavor selection is great! I went with Oatmeal Cookie! It is amazing!! I also did a mix of Chocolate and Coconut which was just like a Mounds bar (per the staff suggestion).The topping selection is amazing. Twix bars, Kit Kat. Sure they have those, but they go a step further with different kinds. Baklava. Yeah! Mango Boba! MMMM. The only downside to the topping selection was the lack of fresh fruit, but with all the other indulgent treats, I'm willing to overlook this.The flavor of the yogurt. Amazing. Everything tastes as it should. Nothing tastes artificial or fake. It tastes original, fresh, clean and fun. When I sampled some of the NSA (No Sugar Added) flavors, I still felt good about it.  Also, the consistency was great!Staff and Ownership! Everyone was friendly. I'm fairly certain this lovely lady named Mindy was the owner. We chatted her up a little bit while on our way out. THAT coupled with the great product gives me all the more reason to say I HAVE FOUND MY NEW FAVORITE FRO YO SHOP IN SCOTTSDALE! I AM COMING BACK MANY MORE TIMES!!
5	I don't know why I waited so long to visit Yogurtology; it's located conveniently next to my Safeway.  Why did i wait so long?!Yogurtology has perfected self-serve froyo.  The flavors are spot-on...lemon meringue, birthday cake, NSA coffee, peach mango tart, cheesecake, mango, rootbeer...the list goes on...I always end up getting oatmeal cookie.  It's made in-house with real oatmeal cookies.  We're talking oatmeal cookie literally IN the froyo, none of that artificial flavor crap.  It is incredible.  Instead of having little placards for the flavors, there are digital Sony TV screens that describe each flavor and a brief nutritional run-down.  Very high-tech!The selection of toppings is unparalleled--baklava, three different kinds of twix and milky way, brownie, chocolate chip cookie bar, chocolate covered waffle cone, premium fruit and nuts...anything you can imagine, Yogurtology has it.  Not only that, but the shop is impeccably clean, and the staff are consistently cheerful.  This place blows Yogurtland and Yogurtopia AND all other Yogurtology locations out of the water!!!This is where you want to go.
5	Got a gift card for here and was overwellmed by all the topping choices! gret yogurt too. the could be more lemony though
5	Best fro-yo place in AZ - great choice of flavors and amazing choice of toppings!  If you check-in on Foursquare you receive 20% off as well!
5	Love me some Yogurtology! Great selection of flavors, most of which are Gluten-free for my darling Celiac boy. They also have the toppings segregated from each other and very clearly labeled. So my seven year old had no trouble distinguishing which ones were safe for him to pile on. We all got different flavors but the stand out was chocolate/coconut swirl. It was divine like a frozen Mounds bar. Worth every penny!
5	Stopped in here after dinner one night while I was in the area and also because we were in the possession of a groupon. I had been to a yogurt shop or two before coming here so I knew what to expect. Most of these places are basically the same with ten or so flavors of yogurt out at a time, and they rotate flavors, and then a large bar if you will of toppings to add to your yogurt. Simple. The thing about Yogurtology that sets it apart from every other yogurt shop are three things. One, they list the ingredients by the flavors. So if you avoid eggs you know to watch out for the E under the flavor. Same with milk and wheat ingredients. I have been to three different shops at this point and neither of the others display this information, so you would have to ask someone and they don't always know the answers. This was a nice convenience to have, since I was avoiding eggs at the time. Second, they let you have as many samples as you want. There was a girl who stood there with cups who asked what kind of samples you wanted and let you try as many as you please. Most places don't have sample cups and if you ask for them you get attitude. Third, instead of little chopped up pieces of candy at the bar, they had very large pieces and sometimes whole candy bars! Granted, this isn't the best thing for people who have no self control, but it was nice to see whole twix and kitkat bars. There was also a nice selection of fruit, nuts, and other toppings.I would come back again and if given a choice I would choose Yogurtology over any of the other yogurt shops. Hopefully I can find a location closer to my house so I don't have to drive all the way up to Scottsdale.
1	when a company refused to give out their list of ingredients and lies to the customer as to what is in the yogurt, it is called deceit.  Please be weary as this place does not use all natural ingredients and their sugar free flavors have tons of sugar in them.  Buyer Beware
5	I always wondered how other major Yogurt chains would compete against the likes of Yogurtland.  Yogurtology is actually quite good.  The first main difference when I entered the door is that the place had a very scientific look and feel.  As we all know, something ending with "-ology" is the study of.  This place definitely studied their yogurt well.  The flavors had an extra vibrant flavors.  They had very unique toppings such as boba and baklava.  I enjoyed that the workers gave samples, which makes sure that each of the stations are very sanitary.  I came here with a Groupon, and I will definitely repeat my visit.
4	We frequent this location and have enjoyed all of our visits here. Its clean, the employees are friendly and helpful. I have recieved many coupons through groupon, living social, and facebook. We also "checkin" on foursquare and recieve 20% each time. I forgot to mention they have a members point system too. However, the point system is not linked to other stores. Our one complaint is that Coffee flavored ice cream is rotated out too much.
5	I came here with a group of friends last night. One thing I really like here was they greeted us as soon as we entered. A guy was standing by the yogurts and asked us if we wanted samples. I had grabbed a little cup to serve myself a sample and he very professionally pointed out for sanitary reasons, he would need to serve me. He had a genuine smile on his face so I happily obliged wondering why other places are not concerned about sanitation... It dawned on me hundreds of people could be going through serving themselves samples.. My imagination went a little wild and I was thankful this place is different! I asked him what he recommended and he said the margarita and pomegranate were really good. I normally, go for the typical cake batter and chocolate flavors so decided to give the other flavors a try. All I have to say is, AMAZING! I ended up getting both and put fresh strawberries and another topping I forgot the name of but seriously looked like fish eggs. With a scrunched up face, I had asked the gal behind the counter what the weird fish egg looking topping was and she assured me it was good. Turned out she was right as well. Total came to around 4.50. I left feeling happy with the service and frozen yogurt. This place is a delight to go to literally!
4	I went here the other night on a whim, usually I'm picky about my frozen yogurt because it can be too sweet or not sweet enough. Yogurtology was a perfect match, I got the tart flavor (the worker there said it was very refreshing, I agree!) and kiwi and chocolate toppings. I loved this whole combo and I will be definitely coming back for some more!
4	I'm so glad I don't have easy access to this place, because otherwise I would be much fatter - and poorer - than I am now. Phew!I had already tried another Yogurtology location (North Scottsdale) when I discovered it at Fashion Square, and I have to say, I like this one a little better. I don't love that it's inside the mall, which makes it difficult to get to, but it's a must-have if you're in the general area. I can't say enough good things about Yogurtology. Despite the crazy amount of frozen yogurt places that have popped up in recent years, this company continues to be my stand-out favorite. First: totally amazing flavors that are creamy and smooth, not icy. Never too tart (unless you like it that way - try the tart flavor), great options, no sugar added varieties, and incredible flavor mixing, too! They have awesome recommendations for which flavors go well together. Raspberry-pomegranate lemonade is my fave on hot summer days... try a sample and see why!Second, toppings. Tons and tons of yummy toppings. They taste better (more fresh, perhaps?) than at other places I've tried, and have good-sized pieces of candy, fruit, and whatever else you can imagine putting on your yogurt. Load 'em up!Third, I've never had a problem with the service, staff, or the cleanliness of this place. They're friendly and it's easy to get as many samples as you'd like.It IS a little more expensive than most places. But for an occasional treat, I don't mind paying extra for the quality. I really can't enjoy other frozen yogurt places after coming here... it's that delish.
4	cupcake batter flavor is to die for.  no toppings just give me the batter!
1	Really unhappy last night at 10:30 stopped by with six friends and all toppings were put away and chairs were stacked up. I think if you are listed to be open till eleven you stay open. I love yogurtology but maybe it's time to try a competitor.
5	What a great place to get yogurt! Really great workers that are always friendly, very serviceable, and make your day. It's the cleanest yogurt place I've ever visited and makes customer service a priority. The yogurt is incredible! It's low fat, low calorie and not too sweet. Great place to get a snack that leaves you satisfied. Great place for families and friends!
3	This was our favorite yogurt and super convenient- now the Scottsdale/Shea location is closed by the landlord and took over the premises due to financial reasons.  Too bad...
