4	This location was the only one that had in stock medication prescribed for my wife.  It's not my customary CVS, but I was really pleased by the wide aisles and the larger interior of the store.  It was not nearly as cramped with stock as other CVS stores I've been in.The pharmacist was quick and I was on my way in no time.  A good location, but a very quiet one.
3	It's a CVS. BUT.....  half the store was alcohol.  Yeah. That's right.  A-L-C-H-O-H-O-L.   And not the rubbing kind.   I half thought I had walked into an ABC store and had to check the cashiers' uniforms.Only in Vegas.
1	This review is for the pharmacy... When I moved here from out of state back in July I brought my prescription here and got it filled, No Problemo. Than a month later I bring the same script and that's when I met the head pharmacist man, tiny Asian probably in his early 40's, not sure what his name is.  But he is the reason I will never shop nor fill scripts at this CVS ever again. After the first problem was fixed I stupidly continued to fill there out of convenience.Last month when I picked up my script he said he "couldn't find it"  He disappeared into the back for about 10 minutes, comes out with it, doesn't say a word, just continues to ask me my birthday for the 3rd time and ring me up.Last Saturday I went in with the same script, from the same doctor, for the 5th month in a row and Mr. Rude decides to tell me the date on there is for October (The date was written very sloppy) I said "compare the month 12 with the year 12... they look the same" He goes "don't think so, I call doctor on Monday, they close Saturday"First of all why would it be for October when I filled the same script in November, October and months before??!! Unbelievable. What a Douche Bag. It drives me crazy how people like that work with the public everyday and probably get paid ridiculous amounts of money.So I proceed to drive a couple miles to the next CVS and they fill it, no questions asked :)
4	I use this CVS all the time as it's right around the corner from my house. Actually I'm usually stopping to use the Redbox outside but always peek my head in side just in case I see something I need. They've always been prompt and friendly to me.
1	I JUST called to find out if they carried a specific prescription that I called 23 other CVS stores to find... Whomever answered the phone... Sounded like "Janelle". COMPLETELY RUDE! She basically called me a liar in that she stated no other pharmacy would tell me the information I was looking for. She then said hold for the pharmacist, which I did... For ten minutes! Then they just said, don't have it AND HUNG UP! They will NEVER get business from myself or my family ever again.
2	It is not a good place to get snacks or drinks from. I think the store is to big because they have nothing in it. I do get good coupons though. And the have okay customer service. Bit go to walgreens for snacks and drinks.
