4	I was very please with the gauntlet tattoo I recieved.  I had Micheal Patrick.  He was a friend of my roomate at the time.  He did a really good job.  Quite detailed.  This was back in 07.  I still, TO THIS DAY, get many compliments on it!  I gave him full creative control and I absolutely love his work!
4	Sarah did a cover on a small tattoo on my foot.  It is amazing and I consider it way more than just a tattoo...an artistic creation that stays with me.  They do take appointments (as a previous reviewer seem to be VERY determined to give Jester's a bad name) and I can only assume one would prefer to meet and discuss ideas with a potential customer.  I am planning on going back to Sarah in the fall for another cover up.  Clean establishment (I've only been to South Side location), friendly well trained staff who are more than willing to answer questions. Check out their website and portfolios of the various tattoo artists.
2	*This review is for the Oakland location only*Every couple of years I get the itch for some ink though I have an artist I am really happy with I wanted to expand my horizons a bit so I decided to check out Jesters Court in Oakland (a friend of mine has had some work done by Michael Patrick at the South Side location and his work is really great so I thought okay, I'll check this place out)I went to have an owl drawn up so I took a necklace in for a bit of reference, the guy photo copied it, gave me his card and told me to call the next day so that is what I did. He said he had some ideas when can I come in, I replied that I worked today but had the next 2 days completely free. He asked if I could do it hat day, I said sure I'll be down at 6 when I take my break. I walked down the hill, made it there by 6:04 only to find a sign that said "be back in 10" I waited 25 and left. I lost my break and my $20 deposit but that's okay, lesson learned. I will never stray again!
5	get sean to tattoo you
3	Jester's Court knows what it's doing and won't take any crap. But they do a good job.I walked into the shop 5"5", 115, and blonde, and they gave me a hard time. Despite having two tattoos already, the 5'10, 200 lb. artist with full sleeves and a ripped Iron Maiden shirt assured me that if I twitched or cried at all while he tattooed my wrist I could "get the fuck out."Fortunately, I never twitch. I did some yoga breathing and in less than 30 minutes I had the artwork how and where I wanted it for $50. Despite his obvious disdain for my lack of a punk/goth/biker persona, he did give me lots of good suggestions for adjusting my tattoo to make it look better.This is not a bad place to go. I would consider going again and hope that they'll remember that I'm not a baby about pain/tattoos/etc.
5	I got my first tattoo from Michael Patrick and I was more than happy with the entire process. He took the ideas I wanted and made an incredible original sketch and was more than happy to make little changes I wanted. The shop was clean and the portfolios of all the artists were readily available. Michael was great and I would recommend him and the Jester's Court to anyone looking to get a tattoo. Not to mention the price for the size of piece I got was beyond incredible.
5	Sarah Miller - tattoo artist extreme - Jester's Court South SideExpress yourself! No two words better exemplify the maxim of humanity's obsession with conveying the heart and soul of one's existence to others. It is an obsession that is boundless and cannot be constrained or relegated to any single medium or talent. It is the driving mechanism behind our existence and at all times an unquenchable desire. While we all are driven by the need to express who we are, what we feel, what we care about, and our dreams and aspirations, membership and utilization of most mediums of expression are limited to time, talent, and available audience. However, one timeless medium of expression circumvents all such prerequisites that hinder access to free expression and the open conveyance of thought. From the dawn of time individuals have sought out talented artists to serve as mediums to convey their inner most thoughts and desires on the most enduring and permanent of canvases, their bodies. This is the beauty of Tattoo. It allows for the most unique of collaborations in which anyone regardless of ability or talent can, through the skill of another, express themselves without reservation or limitation on a living canvas they literally take with them wherever they go.The real challenge facing those wishing to utilize this medium of expression is in finding not just a talented artist, but rather an artist that understands that ultimately it is the owner of the canvas who is conveying what resides within and not the artist. In reality, the artist is utilizing their craft to free the artistic expression that was previously trapped within the soul of the canvas. While there are many that call themselves tattoo artists, few realize the true role they play in what is the purest of collaborative works, and that is the difference between just another tattoo and a work of art. Fortunately for Pittsburgh we have such an artist creating works of art on living canvases in our midst and her name is Sarah Miller. Her talent at tattoo is only outdone by her desire to help her clients freely express themselves in a manner that is unique to them and truly one of a kind. She is refreshingly honest with her clients and listens to them because at the end of the day she believes in the truism that it is better to give than receive and that nothing can compare with giving people the ability to freely express themselves, and such is revealed by the look on their faces when they realize that she has helped them to do just that.   To collaborate with Sarah is to explore a true odyssey into the depths of imagination, both yours and hers. Although Sarah has been honing her artistic talents for years, including graduating with honors from the Art Institute of Pittsburgh, where she garnered several awards for her works of art, she is still young enough in the business of tattoo to allow her excitement to show during those moments of epiphany that can come when artist and client share both the vision and the fruition of the vision becoming a reality. There is an old adage, "A good meal is worth the wait." Well having experienced Sarah's artistic talent firsthand, and having many times observed her work on others, I can say, "A great tattoo is worth the discomfort." Truth is there is a fine line between pain and pleasure and if you are willing to endure the minimal discomfort that comes while under Sarah's skilled hands than you are sure to enjoy the pleasure of a true work of art that tells a story that is uniquely your own.Sarah Miller currently plies her craft at Jester's Court on the south side of Pittsburgh located at 1410 East Carson Street. The shop is quaint and has a very relaxed atmosphere, and truth be told has a wide range of clients from all economic levels. You see what separates the tattoo business from all others is that people come not because of the shop, but rather, because of the artist. Because once you experience the finished product of a truly wondrous collaboration a bond forms that produces a loyalty that neither time nor distance can sever. Sarah has many loyal clients both here and in her home state of New York and is in constant demand to do guest spots in the five boroughs of New York City. Sarah has consistently won numerous awards at both tattoo and art conventions and her reputation is both growing and spreading fast. How long Sarah will remain at Jester's Court, or even in the burgh, is a matter known only to the Gods of fate and opportunity, but I can tell you this, having experience the work of others in the past, when it comes to tattoo I only see Sarah Miller in my future, and so should you.
5	I got my first tattoo here and they were very good about it.  I was pleased with both the service and price.
3	I got my first tattoo at their Oakland location. Was a utilitarian design, which the artist executed with little trouble. I didn't care for the location or the artist's mannerisms, but that's just a peeve with the place. There are better tattoo shops in the area, but this shop is fine for most work.
4	My husband and I were tattooed this past weekend by Chance and Sean at the United Ink convention on Long Island. Chance drew up a traditional swallow for us, with a locket in the beak for me, and the mirror image holding a key, for my husband. Both artists listened exactly to what we wanted, and were happy to make minor adjustments for our taste. They showed us the packaged, unopened needles before they started, and accommodated our color choices well. Because Chance doesn't tattoo much American Traditional, he was very intent on using a sample picture I found on my phone in order to do justice to the style, and although at first I told him that wasn't necessary, I'm glad he did exactly what he was comfortable with; it came out beautifully! Besides his artistic talents, he was really friendly and very easy to talk to. These guys gave us a great deal, and the next time we're in Pittsburgh, we'll definitely be stopping by for another little piece! Thanks a lot, Chance and Sean!
5	I went in today for my first tattoo.  Jessica was my artist.  She was amazing.  Very nice and helpful with my questions.   When I first looked at it after she was finished,  I was amazed.  The coloring and shading is beautiful.   Could not be happier with the result.
5	Yesterday I got my first tattoo with Ed. My girlfriend also got tattoos done with Rita and Ed recently and both were great. We aren't artists by any means, so they fancied up our designs and did an amazing job. Everyone there (including Jess, the other artist, and the receptionist) is very friendly and I'll definitely be going back.
