3	This was a regular burger place.  Good fries (and plenty of them), and a fairly good patty melt, but nothing amazing.
4	Simple food.  Simple place.  Good, quick, clean.
2	We were at the New York New York for the Manhattan Express roller coaster... and after walking around so much, we were hungry. We shared a hot dog and some fries. Both were edible/decent.. nothing special here.
1	LOWERED EXPECTATIONS......Went in here after wandering around the restaurants and thought it looked reasonably priced and tasty. My friend and I ordered food - hers came up in about 8 minutes, mine took exactly 22 minutes. Ridiculous. Then, after receiving my "patty melt" which I paid $7 for, I was saddened to find that it was less flavorful than the sourdough burger I could have gotten for half the price at Jack in the Box.SAD place, highly disorganized, LONG waits, and mediocre (at best) food. If you're drunk, you may rate this one higher. Otherwise, keep Yelping. You can do better.
3	You could do worse.  This place does what it's supposed to just fine.  It feeds you junk food.  To anyone with any other kind of expectation than that, you are in the wrong place, buddy.Burgers, fries, fish sandwiches, pork rib sandwich, philly cheesesteak, hot dogs.  You can't really go wrong if you eat any of these things.  They all taste adequate and their fish sandwich is actually pretty tasty.  The food tastes fresh even though I am fairly certain it is not and I didn't puke afterwards.  That's all I want when I dine at places like these.  The prices are extremely fair compared to everything else on the strip so I give it 3 stars for that reason.
1	Bought a greasy hotdog before entering Zumanity.
2	Typical courtyard food, overpriced and nothing special.
4	There is still a place in Vegas, at a casino that doesn't kill you on price. Decent food and you don;t have to go on run at the Craps table to afford it.
2	They just reopened this spot, after months of renovation. Now it is a more proper sit down diner. You check in, the host seats you- that kind of thing. The food is so mediocre, I'd eat at Carls, and Mc'Dees before here.
4	Loved this place--we had their bacon, cheddar burgers cooked "medium well" with a side of fries and a couple of beers.  Our server, LaDawna, was great.  The burgers were excellent as were the fries and service.  The price wasn't too bad either.  I don't think we waited more than 10 minutes for our food.  It was a nice break from having to navigate through the tremendous amount of high priced restaurants Las Vegas has to choose from.  Vegas ain't cheap anymore!
3	If you just want a good ole burger that is not fancied up like these Vegas gourmet joints, this is the place. I had the ground chicken blta burger and it was delicious. Better than a turkey burger. Big size and fresh. Can't ask for more.
3	The variety here is great and service is pretty good. The burgers are filling and I loved their chili cheese fries. I particularly liked that they have like 30 condiments to pick from, including wasabe spiced condiments and  all these awesome mustards. Service was attentive. The down was the noise from the renovation going around. Otherwise, not a bad place to grab lunch.
2	Horrible service. Cold fries. Didn't receive one single refill. Tool forever to take my order but the group of 4 that sat down 5 mins after me got their order in before I even had a drink request. Burger was mediocre. Overall disappointment.
4	Late night service, veggie burger served in a pita with yogurt sauce...how can you go wrong? Not only was the food DELICIOUS, the waitress anticipated what the BF and I needed before we had to ask and apologized for the wait several times even though I didn't  notice we were waiting. Love it!
1	BOOOOO! That is the overall for this place. The food was no good, over done (I asked for medium), service was slow, and I could have eaten at a lot of other good places on the strip for the price.
3	BROADWAY BURGER BAR & GRILLExploring the food court at New York New York, we stumbled upon this burger joint. We were hungry, so we decided to give it a try. We ordered the salmon burger and some garlic fries. The burger was so-so, and the garlic fries were greasy and didn't have enough of a garlicky taste. It helped stem the hunger, but did nothing to compare itself against the burgers at The Counter.
4	Surprised by the poor reviews. My friend and I thought this place was great. We both had the turkey burgers which were cooked perfectly and very moist which can be hard to find with turkey burgers. They also had a good special where you got a burger, fries and a drink for 14.99. A good deal for dinner in Vegas. The fries were great and they have a huge selection of burger toppings and sauces. Quite good! I also love the location in New York, New York.
5	Great burgers. Lots of unique choices. This is a great place to go if you want a change from the norm. Plus, it's in NY NY on the strip!
4	After watching the 10:00pm show of Zumanity, Minh D and i were in total need of a snack before meeting up with Lucy Y, David G and my friend Ashley for some drinks. Since this was my first time inside of New York-New York hotel i had no clue what was here. Decided on going here since it was protein and they didnt have a wait time. Checked in with the hostess and she seated us right away. The burger bar was on the large side with lots of tables and booths to sit at. Our waitress was sweet and gave us more then enough time to look over their menu. After tossing back and forth ideas on what we wanted, we decided on splitting a Bacon and Cheese Turkey burger (Turkey breast, ground and seasoned with fresh carrots, onions, parsley and spices. Crisp applewood-smoked baconand American cheese) The burger was kind of on the smaller side but enough to split between two people and fill their tummys up for awhile. I was impressed with the taste of the Turkey burger itself (i know i always repeat that i hate a dry tasting burger especially a Turkey burger) but this was a wow factor the spices and onions made the taste really pop! Sad to say but the bacon was overcooked and small. Overlooking the small stuff the burger was pretty tasty and made me happy and looking forward to a night of random fun!!!!
3	I've had some great tasting burgers lately. So when I eat a burger nowadays, I expect that trend to continue and be impressed. Unfortunately not everyone makes an A+ burger. One can only dream of having the burger streak that I've been on right?This location is convenient, it's the first thing you spot right after walking out of Zumanity. Located in the the Village Shops at NY-NY. Watching people indulge in their burgers makes it look good and tempting, especially when you're hungry. We weren't too hungry though, so Sarah A. and I split a:Bacon & Cheese Turkey Burger - The patty was flavorful but overall the burger was too dry. I like my burger dripping wet and sloppy! Dry patty and overcooked bacon was too tough. It wasn't exactly the biggest burger either.Drunk people overlook quality and gobble down everything. Too bad we weren't drunk enough.
2	Ordered the veggie burger. It tasted OK. The patty fell apart without even picking it up! Service was sslowwwwww. It wasn't like it was busy @ the time we ate there, either! Plus, either waitress forgot to add my onion rings to the tag or the cooks neglected to make them. Not impressed! Next time, I'll go to Burger Bar for a good burger.
4	I went here in late March while playing the ponies in the NYNY Casino sports book. I walked up to the bar area, took a seat and was approached fairly quickly by a bartender that offered me a drink. It was about 11:00am, so alcohol wasn't in the question. I cannot recall the name of the burger that I had, but it was your run of the mill hamburger with the fried egg in it. I opted out of the cheese and had some sweet potato fries on the side. The reason it gets 4 stars is because of the taste, location, value, and service. Unfortunately, the "touristy-ness" takes away a star, and that's not the restaurant's fault. I understand it's part of a big tourist area and how they try really hard to appeal for tourist dollars. The price is very good given the type of food you are ordering and the location of the restaurant.  Finally, the service was good. I remember that the bartender was very friendly, and knew that most of the patrons coming in and out of their restaurant were people who were playing the sports book and/or ponies, like myself.In essence, this place offers a good quality "high end" burger. I am a fan. See attached picture of my meal.
5	This burger place was a great place to eat, the menu is very extensive for a burger place and the food was very fresh and tastey.  I ordered the cowboy applewood bacon and jalepeno jack cheese with a turkey patty.  Lorraine and Stephaine were very friendly and attentive, the service was excellent.  I will be returning when i go back to Vegas next time, great place, great food, great service.
4	Visited twice during my recent Vegas visit, once for lunch, once for dinner, both times ate at the bar and both times service was very good, a little better during the lunch visit.  For lunch had basic cheddar burger which was very good.  For the dinner visit had the black and blue (blacken seasoning with blue cheese, very tasty.  Both burgers were great.  However, both times i had the garlic and herb fries with my burgers.  This is where they lost a star.  They serve the fries in a metal basket that is shaped like a mini deep fryer basket lined with paper to catch the oil.  However the fries are packed into the basket so the oil is trapped and the fries are soft and mushy.  The first order was tolerable, but the second time was worse.  I'll know better next time.  There are three or four other types of fries and don't know if they result in same mushiness.  There are also many sauces that can be had on the side, though none really appealed to me.  Overall good experience, especially the burger.
4	Had a really tasty burger from here and some great crunchy fries. The wait for the burger was maybe a touch longer than expected - I think it was about 15 minutes. I usually think a burger is a quick thing. I think it was quite busy though in the main restaurant bit. I ate at the bar area.
3	Not bad - $12 - I've had better - but not bad
4	Amazing burgers. The meat is excellent whether you get beef, salmon or whatever. I was really happy with the food. But the waiter wouldn't refill our drinks fast enough. I suppose it was too packed to expect otherwise. Check this place out if you're at New York New York.
2	We were seated outside, directly across from the Ben & Jerrys. Crowds were looking at us. We had two waitresses, one was average one was quite rude. I had the Chicken & Brie with a Cesar Salad. It was okay, I kind of wish we went to Chin Chin's instead. I sampled my brother's Cowboy Burger, and it wasn't that good. I don't know, The New York New York hotel is great.. but I've experienced better when it comes to this Broadway Burger Bar & Grill. If you really want a burger, just go to the In N Out, because this place really misses the mark.
3	Very likely the best turkey burger I've ever had at a restaurant.  Delicious, not even remotely dry and all around amazing.  I'm making myself hungry writing about it.
3	We gave B3 &G a go once we saw their menu - great idea: they have about a dozen varieties of burger classics, and then you choose your burger: beef, chicken, turkey, veggie, and maybe a fish something. I went with the Chicken BLTA and without even double-thinking, I assumed it'd be a marinated, grilled chicken breast. Unfortunately I assumed incorrectly. It was a ground chicken patty with some kind of seasoning all mixed in. I didn't love the seasoning. The garlic and herb fries rock! You'll definitely want to bring some gum or a gallon of Listerine to combat the garlic breath. At least vampires will steer clear. Our server, Tony, was cool enough. Leaving, I had only one closing thought: $5 for a pint of Bud Light? What the?!
4	The fries are definitely the biggest wow factor at this place. Amazing, hand cut, thick, crispy fries are served in a baby fryer basket and one order seemed enough for 2 people to share with our burgers. I had the chicken BLTA and the bf had one of their burgers. Both were delicious. Like many reviews say, they are on the small side... but I'd rather have portion control versus an overly stuffed tummy or a to-go box. I guess you could say our meal was a bit expensive ($33 + tip for 2 burgers, 2 iced teas & one fry), but HELLO......it's in the middle of the NY NY casino. People seem to forget they are also paying for the convenience as well as the atmosphere. Recommended!!
4	Other than the prices (my first meal in Vegas so still getting used to the costs) and the bbq sauce I dripped on my shirt this was a perfect lunch. The burger was juicy and had a great taste. No refills on the $3+ lemonade was a little ridiculous.
1	The worst service ever. Waited 45 mins for a damn burger and the manager did nothing about. Never eat here they suck.
5	The Broadway Burger Bar & Grill is an outstanding addition to New York New York. I had the Southwestern Burger my first night at the hotel and I loved it so much I came back a couple of times. The burger was cooked to perfection, medium-well but incredibly juicy and flavorful. Topped with cotija cheese, jalapeno bacon and tortilla strips, it is now officially the burger of my dreams. The garlic fries are outstanding. They have a lot of unique burgers on the menu but you can also just get a plain-Jane cheeseburger if you want. Service was good on all my visits. I cannot wait to return to Las Vegas just so I can have another one of these burgers.
4	Pretty good burgers and fries here. If I would have known the amount of fries they served with each meal, I probably would have made the suggestion of just ordering one serving and sharing it amongst my cohorts.The cute waitress did an excellent job with service. No complaints.
5	This place is great. For me, its been the best food I've had all week on the strip.If you can, ask for Joe R (the dude with glasses). He was cool and hooked us up with great recommendations, and came by to see us frequently even though it was busy.I'm a Texan, and I approve of the cowboy burger.
4	This was a great stop for dinner! I will def come back for not only the burgers and fries but the great service Joe R. gave us.  He was so helpful with recommendations... I was pleasantly surprised with my overall experience.  Oh, btw the on tap IPA beers are great too.
4	We decided to stay for a little while longer while in Vegas after the rest of our group left, and pick up some winnings, gamble the rest of our money, return a lost cell phone, and take advantage of the many dining possibilities that wouldn't be available once we got on the road.After walking quite a bit hungover, and being probably the most sober I have ever been in Vegas, I was getting a TAD cranky, as was my cousin, who was having major clothing issues.  My poor boyfriend was dealing with us, but also really wanted to make it to NY NY because he had fond memories of it and its food court.  When we finally made it into the casino, I refused to eat at the food court because the lack of comfortable seating, and so, we compromised at a cheaper sit down restaurant, and ended up at Broadway Burger Bar and Grill.They have a decent beer selection, that even though it isn't vast, it is a good selection of lesser known beers at decent prices ($6 pint) for Vegas (they have your boring standard beers if you really want to save the $.50, but then you wouldn't be my friend).  They have lots of different burger options, and you have your choice of beef, chicken, veggie, turkey or salmon.  My cousin and I ended up with the Southwestern and the BF got the Black and Blue with garlic fries to share. In my state anything would have tasted good, but jalapeno bacon was just what the doctor ordered.  The Southwestern kicked major butt, with a great blending of flavors, and that delicious jalapeno bacon!  The Black and Blue was also good, but a little boring in comparison (it hurts my heart to call roquefort boring).  The burgers came on a great bun.  At first I thought it seemed a little large for the burger, but it really held its own against the sauces, and had a good taste on its own.  The fries were also really tasty, though I wouldn't have minding a tad more garlic, story of my life.The service was very nice and attentive, and it was just what I needed to get my stamina up to make it back to our car (or maybe that was the hoppy beer).  The food was good, the prices were right, and how can you not love a restaurant that the fries come in a fryer basket?
2	Food was just ok. Nothing to write home about. The server was terrible. Would not eat here again.
2	Don't waste your calories here. Their burgers are boring, the buns are tough and the food court ambience makes you feel like you are at a mall.This is decent before Holsteins (@ Cosmo), but I would never come here again consider a much much better, tastier burger joint being a few hotels away. The only good thing is their fries are freshly cut and fried.
4	Every time I'm in Las Vegas I just have to stop by!
3	The moment we saw this place we wanted to eat here. We were seated right away but it took a few minutes for the server to come over. Even though she was quite nice she really hasn't tried a lot of items on the menu. Which she was honest about. I was trying to get an opinion on the burgers but she really couldn't sell me both. My bf didn't like the burger he got. He didn't complain but went ahead and just ate the fries and onion rings. They new he didn't like it and the manager did come over to ask if everything was fine. We still didn't say anything. I although enjoyed the cajun salmon. It could of used a little bit more veges on it but it was good with the popcorn shrimp. I would go back and give it another try
5	By far one of the best burgers I've ever had.  I love the fact they are healthy and non-greasy but so tasty!  We had the Southwestern and Philly Cheese Steak.  Definitely going back on our next trip to LV.
3	I went to Broadway Burger Bar & Grill with my husband, his brother and his brother's girlfriend on a Saturday evening before seeing Zumanity. I am going to need to revisit Broadway Burger Bar & Grill sober so that I can write an update... I was pretty Jagered up by the time we arrived, and can't even comment on the burger I had (I will spare you all the details, haha!). I wasn't too drunk to notice a few things though!  Likes: Prices weren't bad, considering it was a casino on the Strip. There was no wait to be seated at 8 pm on a Saturday night. Options for turkey and veggie burgers, variety is always a plus. Dislikes: I had to ask for water multiple times before I got it. My husband also asked for waters for the table. I was the only one that got a water, after asking again...  And I REALLY needed some water!!!When my husband asked for his burger to be medium well he was told his options were medium or well, nothing else. Most of the beers that our table requested were not available. Having a decent selection of good beers means nothing if the ones people order are not actually available. The garlic and herb fries smelled fantastic but I found the flavor to be a little weak. Maybe it was the booze messing with my tastebuds though?? They don't skimp on the amount of fries, consider splitting an order if you aren't a heavy eater. My brother in law RAVED about his burger, he even said it was the best he ever ate. That may have been the whiskey talking though...  My husband devoured his burger as well, and commented that he could really tell the meat was good quality. Since the guys were so happy with their meals, I would definitely be down to go back sometime... When I am a little less lubrucated of course!
4	All the burgers are free range and hormone free.  They're great with letting you pretty much make whatever kind of burger you want and the prices are ridiculously reasonable for being inside a themed casino in Vegas.  The service was a little off - they brought us someone else's food.  To their credit they corrected it pretty quickly.  Overall a surprisingly great burger :)
1	Had a better 6.00 dollar burger at a famous fast food chain.
2	Meh. Eh. Blah. Before making the long drive back to LA, the 'crew' (i lack a better term) - and I were cranky, hungry and hung over and couldn't agree on a kind of food to consume. When in doubt, grab a burger. So stumbling around New York, New York - we ran into this place. It was pretty empty so we figured we could get some food relatively quick and hit the road. Too bad that wasn't the case. The service was ridiculous. It wasn't busy at all and there were plenty of staff around to get to us, but mannnnnnn slow is not descriptive enough. I guess everyone else was hungover too. Anyway, I was digging the idea of grass fed beef and all that hipster burger-ness that I adore. Too bad it didn't deliver. My burger was on the dry side (so much for med rare), the bun was a bit day old feeling and the flavors were gamey and over seasoned. Damn it. I hate when I waste calories on bad food. Also, one of the burger options says 'avocado' whereas another option is 'guacamole' so I assumed that there were two options. Nope - no avocado. Stooopid. But the guac was fresh - I have to give it to them on that. (However, that begs the question of whether it was homemade...which means I could have had avocado plain, right? - anyway.)ON THE POSITIVE: The bacon was thick and tasty and the fries were very tasty and real. Made from actual taters. Appreciation for that.
4	The burgers here were really good.  Our server was attentive and efficient.  The fries come in their own little baskets, which was a cute touch.  The only thing we would do differently would be that we would only order one burger & fries and split it.  The burgers were huge and the french fry portions were too.  They use very good quality beef for their burgers, and it shows with the very first yummy bite.
4	Garlic fries are a must and a place that serves arrogant bastard on tap has to be pretty good.  Wife and I ordered the cowboy and mushroom burger.  Holy cow!  Awesome and good riddance of the old place yeah it was cheaper but you skimped on taste and quality
4	WONDERFUL! Fantastic burgers, you get a lot for what you pay for. The Caesar Salad was really great too, enough to share with another person (which my husband and I shared). Wish I had room for the shake and cookies, but we were too full for dessert!
3	A bunch of my friends and I had a college reunion in Vegas and on the last night there we decided to stop by this place for dinner. The burgers were really good, but the service was SLOWWW!! Not to mention, when one of the food runners (I'm assuming that's what he was) came out with a side of ranch for my friend, and she said thank you, he replied, "My pleasure...(pause)...Not really, they pay me to say that." Um... really?Minus the snarky dude, we enjoyed the food and had a good time.
4	We stumbled there craving a good burger, that is what we got!!The waite staff was good and tolerated our boisterous behavior. The food came in a resonable time and everything was cooked to our liking. The garlic fries were incredibly good (althought I did need a mint later) just the right amount of garlic. Two in our party had the turkey burger and said it was moist, which is not always the case in other places. I had the range and hormone free beef. It was full of flavor.I'd go again and recommend others
4	Deeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeelicious!Broadway Burger Bar & Grill is where I devoured one of the best tasting burgers in my life!Do I remember what it was? Noooooooo... but it had bacon on it, and cheese.  Their garlic french fries were divine, and they even served a brand of root beer that I had never heard of before for my root beer float.  That just means it's really authentic, really old, or... really cheap.The friend I was with loved what she ordered as well.  The waitress set us up on a four-top, half booth half stand alone chairs, and we could look out at the casino.  That was cool.  The restaurant wasn't very crowded so I was pretending she set us up there on account of how purdy we looked that day.I do remember paying something like $40 for everything - everything being two burgers, an order or fries, a beer and the aforementioned root beer float.  Sounds about right for a restaurant, ya?The noise level is pretty average, where we were sitting by the kitchen anyway.  You sort of get used to the singing of slot machines while inside any casino so someone with a sensitivity to noise might think other than me. However, I do feel that where we were sitting (and you can completely see it if you go in there - it's a four-top half booth/half stand alone chairs, leaning up against the kitchen) was devoid of any distractions at all.  And I was probably hungover.  For a hungover person to think it's quiet, then I'd say you can trust that judgment.
4	The burgers, onion rings, and fries here are absolutely delicious and if you don't mind waiting a while to get them, you will be satisfied. Be prepared to spend a pretty penny as well, as a meal for 2 can quickly turn into $40+
3	Not bad for burgers and fries, and of course a drink or two. Garlic fries were pretty ok. Service was great. Only came here because we had to use our dining credit and was short on time and not looking to eat too much. My left over burger was even good at 4 am! =)
1	My husband and I stayed at NYNY, which was our first time to stay there in Vegas.  We checked yelp and saw this place, so we decided to check out.  I don't eat beef, so I ordered vegitarian burger.  Oh boy, it was way salty and worst burger ever. My husband ordered Black and Blue burger.  He said meat was overdone and way too much salt.  Fries were too greesy and not even tasty.  We just had a couple of bites and left.  I wish I can give negative star.
3	The turkey burger is still one of the best I've ever had.  Careful, though; one of those and some onion rings and some of your wife's fries is a successful recipe for one serious gut bomb.
4	Great gourmet burgers! We stopped here on a whim because we were looking for a place to eat and watch the Packer football game. There were two flat screen tv's above the bar showing the game with sound so we sat at the bar. They had a lot of good beers on draft for $6.The bartender was super friendly and helpful. She explained the meat and how fresh it is (i think it's grass fed) and gave us recommendations. My brother got the beef southwest burger. It had pepperjack cheese, jalepeno bacon, and tortilla strip. He loved it! I had a beef greek burger which was uniquely served on pita bread topped with a cucumber greek salad and an amazing cucumber yogure sauce... OMG! The burgers are pretty big so I split an onion ring with my bro. They game with a chipotle aioli sauce I wanted to drink with a straw it was so good! LOLThey are a little pricey but well worth it! 2 burgers, an onion ring, and 6 beers came out to little over $60 bucks.
4	After gaming in NYNY one evening we decided to stop in here and ordered a cowboy and southwestern burger with a side of onion rings. As the other reviewers have said burgers are huge but nice and fresh and a decent price for somewhere on the strip. We also didn't wait too long for them which is always great. Service was good.
3	Tasty burgers.  We ordered the Italian and the Philly burger medium.  The patties were cooked just as ordered and the overall taste was good.  We also had the garlic and chili cheese fries with a Caesar salad.  I liked the garlic fries more than the chili cheese.  We wanted to keep our stomachs ready for the buffet, so we ordered 2 burgers to share among the 4 of us.  And to be honest, it was more than enough to get us all full.  It came out to be a $50+ lunch for the food and drinks, but hey, that's Vegas for you.
4	This is for the Broadway Burger that is located in the New York New York hotel/casino, had dinner late on a Sunday afternoon.We originally wanted to sit in the dining area, but realized we could also sit at the bar area, that is located on the other side of the hostess station/entry area.  There are two TV's located there so if it is a Sunday, you can watch the game also.The burgers here are terrific, I had the Bacon & Cheese burger and my companion had the English Pub burger, one side of french fries and one side of onion rings.  The onion rings and fries were awesome, large portions as well.  The gourmet burgers were very large with a selection of side items you can request (Heinz 57, A1 steak sauce, Mayonnaise, etc.) and a good selection of draft beer and drinks.  Our server/bartender was very friendly and helpful as well.I would highly recommend this restaurant, good service, great location, and terrific food, this is my second trip here and I will definitely go again.
3	Pros: Service was decent, garlic fries were AWESOME. Big enough for 2 to share.Cons: Meal was just okay. Had the chicken and brie burger. My friend had a salmon burger and didn't really like it.Prices are just okay as well, they range from like $10-15 for a burger with fries. We wanted something quick as we had already tried the Cafe at Monte Carlo and walked out (no service after 10-15 mins) so this fulfilled that.
5	Offically, this is blind suqirrel finding nut, well actually to die for burger.  So, Mr Tourist goes to Vegas and spents eight hours in airports to eat a Pastrami Burger at Ameirica, different restuarant.  Which happened to close post superbowl or yesterday.  Mark is now in search for anything burger like. On tuesday night, the place was half full but its a casino so gamblers are busy elsewhere.Now this is my first time ever hearing the term Estancia beef  (from Uruguay), it is damn near perfect.  Okay, besides the obvious burger choices the menu includes Black & Blue (with Roquefort cheese), English pub burger with grill tomato and egg, Southwestern with jalopena bacon & guac, & Philly Cheesesteak Burger (with shaved ribeye steak).  I opted for Black & Blue, it came straight down from burger heaven.  A fine pink stripe as ordered medium, lots of Roquefort cheese oozing off and I attempted to eat it. The Philly Cheese steak burger was very good, too.  Both were very juicy, needed plenty of extra napkins!!  And if you must have fries with burger (like its optional), go for garlic fries.  They have an interesting way of making them, they use minced garlic!!!  Lots of garlic and one serving was more than enough for two. You can get about 6 differnet mustards and four types of mayo.But like is not all burgers, they have beer! On draft varieties includ Stone Arrogant Bastard Ale, Full Sail Amber Ale, Rogue Dead Guy Ale, Abita Turbodog Brown Ale, Three monkeys Nut Brown Ale, and the list goes on to less important beers.  Really nice "little" place in Mega Casino Land.  Great staff, quick service, friendly and helpful with selections.  So if you're in Las Vegas and need a burger in the worst way, head to New York New York.  And if you dont want a burger they will prepare chickie, turkey,  salmon, and veggie patties the same way.All burgers $10-$13.
4	After first arriving in Las Vegas, this is the first place my friends and I ate for lunch at and we were certainly not disappointed. As far as burgers go, I would say, this is as good as your going to get. The portion size per burger is huge, the amount of choices you can get on it are endless, and the taste and quality is perfect. Went here twice (once at the beginning of my trip and once at the end) and both times we enjoyed the place very much. I've had many standard hamburgers, but Broadway Burger in NYNY is far beyond that. I almost wish I stayed longer to try all the burger options.PROS*Price - For the price it was certainly worth it. With tip, I think I paid around $16 for a really good burger. That may sound expensive, but for Las Vegas I think that is pretty reasonable after everything is said and done.*Quality & Taste - A lot of fancy restaurants overcharge for a standard hamburger, but this place really brings flavor and juice to its burgers. Not to even mention there are a ton of options to put on your burger and make it how you really want. I got the Cowboy burger and added a fried egg, to give it a ton of extra flavor.*Portion Size - Burger is huge. You will be full after eating it.*Atmosphere - It's in NYNY, so when you're eating there, you feel like your actually in a city. It's pretty cool have they have a whole section for restaurants in the area, so when you walk around you'll see a NY Pizza place and so on.CONS*Caesar Salad and Fries - Really the only negative I saw with this place was the Caesar salad and the fries. The Caesar salad was very dry and not very flavorful. They didn't really have caesar dressing, but just some parmesan cheese. Also, I wasn't the biggest fan of the fries, but to be honest, I've had much worse too.
4	Surprisingly decent burger, and very good service! And fair prices at that. Our group of 6 were sat immediately on a Saturday evening...albeit a very quiet Saturday by Vegas standards. Looking over the beer menu, we were very impressed with the selection and price - tasty beers for decent (Strip-wise) prices. I had a Greek burger with onion rings. The burger itself came in a pita with tzatziki, and I ordered it with feta cheese (which I don't believe is on the menu, but they have it). It was very, very good. The onion rings were okay...not the most flavorful, but fine.Everyone else enjoyed their burgers, but I was so in to mine that I don't remember what they had. One negative is that they only give you burgers done, I believe, medium or well. Clearly assembly line burgers, but so be it. Medium is usually too done for me, but when there is no choice, there's no choice.
4	Have it your way - starting with the burger itself: Beef, Chicken, Salmon, Turkey, or Veggie. I started with the desire of a salmon burger and added bacon and cheese. The result was a pretty close to perfect combination where the salmon was surprising juicy for being ground.Service was great - both quick and attentive. I would definitely return for a quick casual meal in the future.
3	Good cowboy burger, chili fries (not too big of a portion) Caesar salad, s'western burger.  wait staff 'okay'
4	My wife and I ate here recently, and we enjoyed it so much we ate here again two days later.  As others have mentioned, the restaurant sits inside the New York/New York Casino, near the Zumanity Theater, and it wasn't listed in the guide books, so it was a pleasant surprise to find. Their specialty is burgers, of multiple styles, and they are large, so it was all you could do to finish it when ordered with a side of fries.I had a British burger, with fries and a fried egg topping a generous beef burger, and my wife had the chicken burger, and the veggie burger on the second trip. The servers were very friendly and attentive, and the atmosphere feels like a outdoor cafe. The only negatives were that it sits below the roller coaster and can get noisy when the coaster is running, and if you order a milk shake, they run across the hall to get it from the ice cream place across the way. Not too bad in the Cons department. So...Staff - A Food - A Atmosphere - B+
4	This place has bad reviews but I'm not really sure why?Yes, you'll pay a dollar or 2 more for a burger here then you would in main street, Any Town, USA but you are at New York, NY hotel on the Vegas Strip.  Nothing is cheap here, not even the hot dog from the other stand.  I got a smoked chicken salad on arugula, goat cheese, walnuts and a yummy vinaigrette dressy.  Warning, the goat cheese came fried in a ball, but it was delicious!  The salad is large and a great portion of chicken,BF got the a turkey burger with some toppings that seemed solid enough to me.The server was really nice, we explained we had less than 30 minutes until our Cirque show started.  She explained all burgers are made to order and will take 20 minutes.  Our food came out in 20 minutes, she had our checks and everything ready.Also, since the bar was limited to beer and wine, we were allowed to bring drinks from other bars inside which I know a lot of places frown upon.
3	Came here for dinner after a loooong 7 hour drive from Lake Powell, UT to Vegas.  Definitely satisfied the need for some good post-road-trip grubbage.What I liked:They offer chicken, turkey, beef, and veggie burgers.  Their fries are super yum!I ordered a chicken burger which was solid.  My dining companion got a beef burger and reported it "very good."What I didn't like so much:The service was SLOOOOW (though friendly).Maybe a bit above and "a-ok" experience but not quite  "yay, I'm a fan."  If I could, I'd hit it with 3.5 stars.
5	Had the b3 g burger. It was awesome. Super huge and filling. Don't order fries unless your starving. Burger filled me up
4	The Bella Burger is delicious! It's a portabello mushroom with panko. It's a vegetarian burger, but very "meaty" and delicious. I was reeeally hungry and felt like I could have eaten at least 1 1/2 of those burgers. I usually can't finish my meal, or I am completely stuffed if I do eat everything, but the size of the burger didn't leave me completely satisfied. I would definitely eat this again though! SO GOOD!!! :9
2	Not very good. My friends and I were hungry, and we mistakenly chose the first place we could find. All five of us felt like our burgers were dry, when we ordered medium, and that the buns tasted borderline stale. We all left unsatisfied.
4	If you are a Burger Fan you have to stop in and try this place. Its a little pricy so squeeze out the cash. But in any case, you wont go away feeling like you didn't get your money's worth.
3	3.5 stars.Ended up coming here twice during my weekend at Vegas. The first time my bf and I had some time to kill before Zumanity so we stopped by for drinks. I ended up getting a shake after I took a gander at their menu. Ben and Jerry's shakes for the win! It was minty chocolately goodness. Yum!The next day we visited again to actually have lunch. I started with a bloody mary and ordered a Greek turkey burger - served on pita bread with some greek salad and tzatziki. The turkey patty was on the salty side but as a whole, the burger was pretty good. The bloody mary was very run of the mill. Nowhere near as much horseradish or kick as I like to have in my bloody marys. Service was attentive and food came out in a timely manner. Good spot to hang and eat with friends in Vegas if you're on a budget.
4	This place was hopping when we went! The burgers were great, and the fries as well. Sadly they had no veggie burgers that night so my wife had to get a salad. Which she said was good, but that was a little bit of a let down. The prices were decent and I really enjoyed my salmon/rock shrimp burger with remoulade sauce.Great choice for people who like burgers = )
4	We had a late lunch here today and was pleasantly surprised.  The burgers are HUGE!  It was a perfect medium with lots of flavor.  Neither of us could finish our burger so when we got to the yummy, yummy fries it was impossible to eat them all.  An order of fries will easily suffice for two people.   They have a condiments menu on which you indicate which ones you would like brought to the table - it had a wide selection of mustard, hot sauces, steak sauces, etc.  We were seated quickly and had a great server, Shannon, who seem to know what we wanted before we did.  She has a strong knowledge of the menu and options and was very pleasant, even with all of my friend's questions and special requests.  We will definitely be back - next time I'm trying a turkey burger!
3	During a previous visit to Vegas, we had eaten here. My son likes it because if you sit in a certain section, you can briefly see the rollercoaster as it returns to the station. So, upon returning to the city, we had to make another stop.Overall, it is a decent restaurant. The burgers are pretty good. I like that you can make them to order. Although they can get a little pricey if you start ordering sides, etc.The staff has always been friendly and the food arrives pretty quick. Of course, there were not a lot of people there, so they should be able to get the food out in a timely manner!And the best part...they were able to accommodate and allow us to sit in the area so that my kids could watch the rollercoaster.
4	We stopped by New York New York to pick up our Zumanity tickets and stumbled upon Broadway Burger Bar & Grill. It's located towards the back of the casino, close to the Zumanity theater. The whole decor of New York New York is a little kitschy but still cute!We were promptly seated and our server was really sweet. She gave us plenty of time to look over the menu, which offers basic burgers, specialty burgers, salads, and tons of appetizers. We decided to share an order of chili cheese fries ($4.95) and also ordered the B 3 & G burger ($9.95) and B 3 & G turkey burger ($9.95). The burgers are only cooked two ways, pink or well-done.We both really enjoyed our burgers, they were huge and very filling, but felt that the chili cheese fries were just okay. They gave us big portions though!Overall, Broadway Burger Bar & Grill is a perfect spot for lunch in the casino and great for sharing.
5	Some of the best food we had while in Vegas. We sat at the bar and ordered the onion rings for starters. They were perfect. My husbands burger was cooked to the perfect medium as ordered. The fries were delicious. I had the garlic jalapeno fries. Perfect amount of garlic with very thin slipped fresh jalapenos flaked on top. We had great service by the bartender. I wish we could have ate there atleast one more time before we left Vegas.
1	One word. Nasty! Take a walk to burger bar at Mandalay shoppes better service and way better food!!!!
2	Absolutely awful!First of all, the place itself looks nicer than the pictures online posted by the restaurant. While the service was super friendly from host to server, the food was not good at all. Also, the table could have been cleaner- for example, the ketchup bottle was a greasy mess which also had ketchup all over it. The menu looked appetizing and offered a variety of options. Sadly, the sandwiches were bad. We chose portobello sandwiches thinking we would get a nice, fresh healthy sandwich. It was not! It was a fried portobello that looked like it was breaded by Sysco Co. There was no flavor in the breading whatsoever and it was the skinniest portobello I've ever seen! YUCK! The paremsan crisp on top was flavorless and the random dollops of mozzarella were mildly ok. The garlic fries were ok, but they were soggy. I was hoping for some crispy fries. They tasted edible, so we pretty much ate those and left most of our sandwiches. This is not a good place to come, particularly for the portobellos. I would say keep on moving for a sandwich place.
4	I had the Smokehouse burger, A hamburger with brisket on it. Yes, it is as good as it sounds. Drenched in BBQ sauce with all of the classic fix'ins, it was delightful. Topped off with some fresh cut french fries I was stuffed and couldn't eat another bite. Head there if you're a fan of burgers!
4	The service here was spectacular and the environment was so much fun with a group. We sat at the bar and the french fries were some of the best I have ever had. They also have a crazy extensive list of condiments!!
5	Great great great make your own burger place. Need I say more. It's a great place to stop & have lunch while in Vegas. If you have a small appetite share a burger with someone & order an order of fries with salad to share.
5	One of the best burgers that I have ever had and I'm not even too crazy about burgers! They use all natural grass fed cattle for the meat. The meat is so tender and juicy! The staff was extremely friendly and attentive. I will be coming back here during my next visit!
5	I just had the best burger in town. The English Pub burger was delicious. It comes with fried egg, grilled tomatoes and white cheddar cheese. The chilli cheese fries were awesome too.
3	The panko crusted Portobello mushroom burger was ok it had a pretty good crunch. The food was good for a late night eat.
4	Like most of the restaurants in NYNY, this was top notch. A bit pricey for burgers but well worth it. You have the choice of the type of meat and they cook it perfectly. Grab a shake from Ben & Jerry to go with it. The fries and onion rings were so good! The staff was friendly and attentive.
5	This was my first place to Eat at when I came to Las Vegas. As soon as we walked in New York New York, we Immediately wanted to find a Place to Eat, so after almost 10 Minutes of walking around we found this place we were sat immediately. you get to choose from 24 different Burgers, My dad got the Smokehouse Burger (Shaved Brisket, Chipotle BBQ Sauce and a Grilled Pineapple Cole Slaw), Heat from the BBQ Sauce and Acidity from the Slaw. I got the Cuban Burger (Roasted Pork, Shaved Ham, Pickles, Swiss Cheese and Mustard) I forgot to tell her to hold the Pickles so I took them off myself (No Harm to the Burger) plus I told them to put Brie Cheese on my Burger (Nutty, Gooey, Creamy) and told them to take off the Swiss (A Very Big Burger with a Ton of Meat (the thing was bigger than my Mouth and it was a real Gut Filler). We also split a basket of Jalapeno Garlic Fries (Hand Cut Fries, Minced Garlic and a ton of Jalapeno Slices) with every bite I got hit with a good amount of Heat (in a Good Way). Such an awesome first stop on my Trip to Vegas. Hope to get another Burger Next Time !!!
5	Yum! This was our first meal in Vegas while we were waiting for our room to be ready at the MGM Signature. I had the greek burger which I am still thinking about a month later! Service was fast and friendly. The place is great for people watching, especially by the humanity theater. We came back for dessert another time after seeing Zumanity, the brownie sundae was also wonderful! We will come back next time we are in Vegas. I give it five stars, because I really don't have a single complaint!
1	Can't remember when I have ever had to ask "how much longer will it be"? For our food! This place was s-l-o-w--- waitress served sodas and also served us another before food came... My sweeties order was wrong..wrong burger... My order was for a medium cooked burger and it was cooked well done! I could not believe it! The table of 6 people next to us were not happy for the long wait for their food either and the waitress brought them their French fries first! I won't be back...ever!!!  A $12.00 burger???really??? The one star is for the waitress!
2	I really wanted to like this place, but the food was not good.  I had the Cowboy Burger and ordered it medium.  It came out luke warm and I am perplexed by how they cooked it.  The center was well done, but the outside had was pink.  How does that happen?  The flavor was decent, but every bite had a different consistency.  The highlight of my meal was the onion rings.  Even they needed a little salt, but they were tasty!  On a positive note our server was a sweetheart, even though we dropped $40+ for two incredibly mediocre burgers.
1	Chicken burger patties were cheap and expensive for the quality. I do not recommend this place.
4	We grabbed dinner here our first night in Vegas. It was fine; no complaints here. The burgers were cooked like we like and they tasted good, portions were plenty. However, I think next time we are here we might try a different spot if we want burgers. It was a bit pricey for having to order fries, etc., on the side (For $10-15, you just get the burger). Plus, I think you could find something more unique.
5	My fiance and I decided to try this place on our last trip to Vegas and were pleasantly surprised.  The burgers were delicious!  They had a very broad menu and it is really a "create your own" burger type of place.  My fiance and I enjoyed the food so much that we went back the very next night for dinner.  Burger Bar is also very reasonably priced considering that you are in Las Vegas (places like Subway and Panda Express cost $10+).  I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a relaxing place to eat on a budget, or want something to put in your stomach after doing some drinking.  Honestly, it has become one of my go to places while in Las Vegas.
4	Sweet burger bar. Was in the area and decided to try this place out. It was a pretty good experience and meal. The service was pretty quick and the atmosphere was fun. The burger I ordered was pretty good. Lots of great flavor and wasn't too expensive which is good. I had a great time and I look forward to coming back in the future.
4	We were her for lunch on 2/12/14. The burgers were really good and we had great service from Paul and Baily. Also met a couple from Canada while we were sitting there and just so happens the Canada-US Olympic hockey game was on the teli which made for our conversation. My family are locals and I am here every 6-8 months definitely will be back for the burgers again.
4	After scoping out the variety of restaurants available inside NY NY, we settled on this place and it was a good choice for a quick and not too expensive meal.  I had a chicken and brie burger and it was yummy!  Lots of choices here, from the meat (beef, chicken, salmon, or veggie) to toppings and sauces to imported cheeses.  They had expensive but good beers on tap as well.
4	I just had a cheeseburger and fries here but I thought it was definitely 4 stars. My burger had lots of flavor and the fries were awesome. The only complaint that I have is that the bun was a little dry. A nice fresh bun would have elevated this to 5 stars...maybe next time. The service was adequate. Our waitress was a bit shy at first but she opened up a little by the end of our meal. If you are looking for a good old fashioned big hamburger and fries...I would recommend going here.
3	We were unable to find a great restaurant at NYNY, so decided to play safe. You can't go wrong with burgers, right?Ordered: B3G burger with crispy onions + Chicken BLTA with onion rings.Decent, but nothing spectacular.
3	Food was just ok. Expensive for what little you get. 2 burgers, 2 sodas and 1 fry. $40.
3	Every casino, seems now days, has a top end burger joint.  This one is NY NY's place.  It ain't high end.  More reminiscence for a walk out counter, but you can sit down and order off the menu.  Much better than any fast food joint.  Much better.  But not as good as the other casino burger joints.
5	We stopped by to have a late night bite to eat.  We ordered a basic burger which was quite tasty.  I loved that they had grass fed beef and organic offerings.  Coming from Seattle, we're kinda food snobs when it comes to those things.  Its a little pricey but worth it.
4	We went here twice during our last visit in April. service was good. burgers big and fries, there were plenty. they have a combo that is 14.95 for a burger fries and a drink, cant beat that. plus you get a big dill pickle!
3	Stumbled into the New York New York Casino around 3 a.m. and this was the only restaurant open.  (It's not usually open that late, but the other restaurant was temporarily closed.)I ordered the Cowboy burger - applewood smoked bacon, barbecue sauce, crisp onions and Pepper Jack cheese.  It hit the spot as a late night option.  The cheese was only barely melted, which was a disappointment.The fries were relatively bland, but there were enough to share.I'm not sure if the preparation is better during the daytime, but this is a fairly decent food option if you're in the area.
3	There isn't anything wrong with Broadway Burger, per say, but there isn't anything awesome about it either. They have a decent selection of burgers and salads that you can customize. If you are familiar with The Counter, it is sort of like that, but not as awesome.The service is really friendly and accommodating. I ended up giving my server a really generous tip because she did such an awesome job with a smile. The food gets the job done, but it really is nothing to write home about. I felt that I could have done better for my vacation. Then again, I'm not a big burger person and mostly went there because a friend wanted to get a chicken burger (that she didn't like). Meh.
2	For all the great reviews on Yelp I was disappointed.  Especially when I looked in the kitchen to see the head Chef chomping on a Big piece of gum, with his mouth open!  The burger was pretty good but not that special.  The onion rings were just okay too.  My wife and I split a burger, onion rings and a shake.  The only thing we finished was the Ben n Jerry's shake.  We could have gotten just that across the hall at Ben N Jerry's and avoided the burger that is priced for 2 but sized for 1, even if we didn't finish it.  It was anticlimactic after reading all the great the reviews here and Google.  Good burger but nothing special.  The cheapest burger is $10.50 and has No meat if that tells you about pricing.  Maybe the chef missed the special sauce on ours?
3	30 May 2014, 07:00pA friend brought me here for dinner after deciding we didn't want to drive anywhere to eat.  He'd been here before and said the food was good so I was game.  The restaurant was fairly empty for a Friday night and we were seated with no problem.  The menu allows for building of a custom burger or ordering one of their Gourmet Burgers or Salads.  We decided on two burgers and we'd share so we could try more than one.  We ordered:Italian w/ChickenSouthwestern w/BeefI opted for the Broadway Combo which adds hand-cut fries and a drink for a $5 upcharge.  They allowed me to choose Virgil's Root Beer as my drink, but no free refills, which was fine with me.Both burgers arrived at the same time and we proceeded to cut them in half ourselves. I thought the Italian was a little more interesting than the Southwestern and my friend agreed that the flavors were more complementary.  The Southwestern was good, but the Italian was better.  Even though there was a lot listed under the Southwestern, it almost seemed like not all of the ingredients were present.The fries were also good.  They are steak fries so they weren't crispy.  Mine weren't overly salted and they were a little greasy, but they tasted good and the portions are generous.I wouldn't hesitate to come back and try some other selections from the menu.  The staff was very friendly, the food was good, and the prices are reasonable.
4	Superb service & the food was outstanding. Maybe we hit on a good night. Wide selection of meats & toppings. Onion rings are the bomb!
5	Great burgers. Greats beers. Who could ask for more? Just had the black and blue burger and it was just as good as last year. So happy we found this place.
5	This is my new favorite Burger place! I don't eat red meat very often, but when it is organic free range burger "and" organic ketchup....you gotta try it!!  I got the Italian Burger with Tropical Tea~ Amazing is all I have to say!
1	My husband ordered the Cowboy Burger and I got the Asian Salmon Burger. My food tasted ok but my husband's bacon tasted really off. We were both immediately sick. To boot, our waitress was not friendly. Not a good experience. Definitely avoid this place unless you want to risk food poisoning.
3	I had THE COWBOY! The burger meat was nice and thick. But a little dry so I asked for extra bbq. The fries were some of the best I've had as well as as the chilli. The cheese tasted like nacho cheese, and that threw me off. The service was great, and they were always on top of our drinks and food.
5	Gluten free burger was soooo good!  Our waitress was super friendly and I got to choose off of a gluten free menu!  So my boyfriend (not gf) and I went for dinner and honestly weren't expecting anything amazing, well we were surprised.  I got the gf option and of course the part that pleasantly surprised me was the gf bun. I haven't had a good gf bun before but decided to try. It was so good!  My bf said it was one of the best burgers he has ever had.  Overall we would definitely tell anyone on the fence to go to this place.  We're in vegas a few more nights and we will for sure be back!
1	I cannot comment on the food, only the service. There was none! We waited 10 mins for a booth to be cleaned. Mind you there were only 4 tables occupied, hardly busy. When we were seated we waited an additional 15 mins for a server to take our beverage order. She walked past us 3 different times taking another tables order and  just walking around. On the last pass by she said hang on guys i'll be there in a minute. Now, it's 100+ degrees in Vegas and after walking around all day and spending $ we were thirsty. My husband was so parched he even asked the barmaid for something to drink and got equally ignored. She took care of two other guests and just barked at him "i'll be there in a minute" He is a professional and is always polite, her attitude was not called for and the service was a complete failure! Finally after waiting over 20 minutes she asked what I wanted, I said just a water first, had planned on a root beer float. She huffed at me as if it inconvenienced her. I was a sever for 4 years and never once treated a guest like that! I don't understand the attitude, you work in food service, if you don't like it, find another job. Needless to say after the way we were disrespected and ignored for so long we got up and left without being able to eat. HORRIBLE SERVICE, plain and simple. No excuse, they weren't even busy!!
5	I love this place! It's tucked away in NY NY so it's relatively quiet and commotion free. The burgers are great, the onion rings are great, the beer is great and the service is great. I now make it a point to come here at least once every time I'm in Vegas.
3	Zumanity burgerCajun salmon burgerLong wait for foodSoggy friesBurgers were goodPickle is good
4	Love this place. In the back of the good court area. Great burgers and fries.....sit down experience also, which is a rarity in the Food Court area. Enjoy!
4	Yep a pleasant surprise in the NY, NY casino.  Walk around and find this place off the casino floor.  The burgers are good...the beer flows nicely and you might feel like you are eating on the streets of NY if it wasn't for the dark gloomy lights they use.  But def a good spot for good burgers.
3	In a sea of expensive food options it was refreshing to find Broadway Burger Bar was fairly reasonable. The burger options are great and feel the specials offer enough variety and a good value vs customizing your own. Quality of the food is adequate, won't blow your mind but will do its job to satisfy you without over paying. Overall ThoughtsI would say that if you are looking for a value option that isn't a chain or food court, Broadway is a good way to go
5	My family of four really enjoyed our burgers! Our waiter, Ben, was so  attentive, pleasant, professional and knowledgeable about the menu. We had a delicious lunch!
4	We went to the Burger Bar last night. looking for  happy hour menu.  Their happy hour menu was very small but very good.  Our waitress was very good and  very sweet. We enjoyed our dinner and our service.  Would return.
5	They have amazing huge burgers for around $10-12. The quality of the meat is outstanding. Wait staff was also super friendly and attentive.The cowboy- topping of fried onions, pepperjack cheese and thick hickory bacon. English pub- simple with a fried egg.Chili cheese fries- amazing hand cut potatoes, not too oiley with the gooey cheese and chili. Their chili is also made from great beef, none of that cheap stuff.
4	Broadway is reasonably priced overall, but what made it better was that their servings are so big.  With 4 people we ended up just ordering 2 burgers and 2 fries.  We all left stuffed!  Quality burgers freshly made!  The onion rings were good, as were the sweet potato fries.  Best part - you can customize your burger!  Service was also outstanding!
4	Flavor and quality, great! Accuracy of orders, not great. Every time we come here, EVERY time, they prepare one of our burgers completely different than ordered. While they are good to correct it, it does mean we are eating separately as we wait for the incorrectly prepared burger to be cooked properly.
5	We walked into New York New York not knowing what or where we were going to eat . Stumbled upon a nice looking burger joint and we entered. The ambience was nice and we where say very quickly regardless of our party of seven. Our servers name was Kelsey and it was the first time we had been introduce by a resturuant work on a first name business. She was personable and on top of that she knew all of the beers the burger bar had on draft. As a working in the food an beverage industry this was very impressive and I admire her for going the extra mile. She answered all questions about the menu options and on top of of that she brought us all the condiments we asked for BEFORE the entrees arrived. Nothin gets me more fired up that getting my ranch thirty minutes after I get my French fries. The runner accurately gave everyone their food and apologized when he made a mistake. On to the food. The burgers where great, the garlic fries where amazing and it all came it out in an appropriate amount of time. All in all it was amazing wonderful and perfect.
5	Food was amazing and waitress was friendly and prompt with service. Burger was cooked medium and perfect,  regular fries were really good and garlic fries were delicious with actual garlic chunks inside.
3	I like that they use hormone free beef meat! Yeah! My husband tried the burger and I tried the caesar salad with beef patty. Both items are satisfactory and good. The price is not bad, and they offer 10% off to Nevada residents too. we found out this deal on the website. Would be nice if they would note this deal somewhere in the restaurant too. Anyway, the beef meat was good and size was good too. and the price is good with discount. We would consider coming back.No 4 stars yet because of lack of services. People aren't rude, just lacking attentiveness.
4	Food was great, service was awesome, the wait was not so good.  I'd give a 5 star review but for as few people as there were in the restaurant, it took an awful long time for our food to show up.  Overall we left happy but I can't help but get a bit discouraged especially when you're hungry.  Am I right or am I right or am I right?
2	Had to stop in here at 4am because America was closed for cleaning (is that a metaphor? an allegory? HELP WHAT'S THE WORD I'M LOOKING FOR!?). I ordered a ham and cheese omelet with a side of fries. I wish I could post a photo to this review (and, who knows, maybe on the mobile app I can) but it was the most wan-looking, unappetizing omelet I've consumed in a very long time. The side of hash browns was bigger than said omelet, and not very exciting. I asked for hot sauce and the server brought me about 7 varieties of Tobasco. That was why this place gets 2 stars instead of 1.Service was fine. I think my guy's name was James? He was working there instead of America because I guess the whole staff moved during the cleaning and was operating out of the Burger Bar's kitchen...but only serving the Burger Bar's menu? Yeah, I was just as confused as you were, and I was about 12 Jack-and-Cokes deep at that point. Honestly, I just wanted the gravy fries from America but I had to settle for this instead. Also when I received my place setting there was no fork. I was simply given a knife wrapped up inside a napkin. It was almost as if someone was trying to tell me, "It's 4am and you're wasted, eating an omelet and fries by yourself in a corner booth at a 24-hour diner. Kill yourself."Obviously I didn't, because I'm here writing this review......From beyond the grave!!! OOoooooOOooOoooOOOhhhh...
4	Burgers were really good though almost too large.  Fries were typical if not a little greasy.However, what impressed me about this place was the service.  Our waitress repeatedly filled our drinks without our having to ask.  She even gave us a cup "to go" on our way out.  When my companion dropped a fork, a passing staff member had one in her hand in under 5 seconds.  She didn't even have a chance to ask.
4	We had been to this restaurant 3 years ago (the last time in Vegas)  & my partner said it was a must to return again. He loved his last burger so much.This time around we had the Bacon & Cheeseburger and the Asian style salmon burger. My partner said he enjoyed his Burger, but I noticed he didn't rave on about it like last time. I quite enjoyed the salmon burger. It was nice to see and try something other than beef burgers on a menu. They also had chicken, turkey & vegetarian mushroom burgers available.We were quick to be seated. It didn't appear to be an overly busy night but about half full.My only complaint would be that we felt rushed by the waitress. We hadn't even finished our meals & she was trying to take our plates away & plonked the cheque down. I noticed she did it to another customer who was eating alone. Too bad if you wanted to order anything else. She must have been at the end of her shift & in a rush to settle her tips & get out.
5	Sometimes ya jus want a good hamburger...HOW YOU WANT IT. This is the place for that. HIGHLY RECOMMEND...if youre serious about your burger...and your bison...YOU HAVE A PLACE TO GO!!!
1	So my buddy's wife accidentally knocked over 2 beers. The girl working the bar, Dawn, would not replace them. It was a complete accident. It's understandable that she did not believe me, however Vegas bars give away free drinks all night long. To bit replace our beers after an honest mistake is absolutely ridiculous. Dawn should have incorporated her manager to find the root of the situation and provide good customer service by offering to romance the beers. She did not ask any questions. She just said I could purchase more beers as a solution. No thanks. On to Monte Carlo.
3	At this place you can get a decent burger and really greasy fries.  I mean really greasy.  Like bring a roll of paper towels with you to wipe up the grease.Girlfriend was resting and not hungry during our stay at NY NY, so I came down here for a quick bite.  Sat at the bar and ordered food there.  Bartender service was fine.  She was pleasant and quick and attentive.  And the food was good.  I got a standard BBQ burger - I forget what they call it, but it has bacon and BBQ sauce.  Burger was thick and juicy and cooked right.  It wasn't anything special, but it wasn't anything bad either.  Got an order of their regular fries - they also have garlic fries and, I think, sweet potato fries.  Fries were good, but like I said, you are also ordering a vat of the oil they are cooked in.There's nothing really wrong with this place, but Gordon Ramsay's burger place is a half mile or so away at Planet Hollywood, and from what I understand, is amazing (granted, this is Vegas, and it takes 30 minutes just to get out of your hotel).  If you don't want to leave the hotel, then by all means, you can get a reasonable burger here.  But, there are better burgers nearby.
5	Excellent house  salad with croutons that are homemade .  amazing onion rings we will be back the next time we're in Vegas. Sheba was doing great
5	Excellent everything. Hands down! Even though the strip isn't a favorite of my family's to do anything on. I convinced my mother to come try Burger Bar for lunch after only being here once before. Loved it then and only love it 1,000xs times more now! Cherese was our server and she was beyond amazing and helpful! Constantly making sure our drinks were filled and orders were perfect!! We ordered a Caesar salad to start along with two build your own burgers! Veggie patty let me tell you. TOO DIE FOR!!!! What else made this memorable is being approached by the General Manager Jeff! Just checking on everyone is a quality you don't see much these days! His smile and small talk definitely has us coming back to visit him and his amazing store! Thank you so much for the awesome service Cherese and Jeff! You guys definitely made us think differently of visiting the strip. Even if maybe it is only for you guys from now on!
3	The service here is good, our server Jaimie was great and the yummy Tropical iced tea was never empty. I had the ahi steak salad which was cooked nicely but I recommend asking for the dressing on the side.
1	Worst burger ever !!! No flavor at all tasted like a frozen patty very dry, were were told that the patty was lean.  Would have been nice to know ahead of time.  Garlic fries were good.  Don't waste ur money !!
5	I was at the New York New York lobby at the Strip and looking for a meaty place (burger, steaks, etc.). While walking around I saw this place, and went to sit in the bar.The regular burger (with no cheese) was surprisingly one of the best burgers I had in years and I am not exaggerating a bit. It was organic and I orderer it to cook as medium well. The burger came out so juicy, tender, flavory and delicious that it literally made my day. I am planning on going there again tonight to get the same burger. And the added bonus is that it was under $10!Bartender Dawn was funny and pleasant to talk to. We made a few jokes and had a good laugh. She also gave me some good tips on things to see in Vegas.
3	Nice variety of various proteins besides beef, such as turkey burgers, grilled chicken, salmon and a portobello veg burger.  We had a party of 9 of varying tastes, I was told the beef burgers were good, my chicken was dry with little seasoning. The sides were good the fries and sweet potato fries.  We must have been on the outskirts of the restaurant, because we were either forgotten or not attended to with the service. The server that took our order did not deliver our food, thus she didn't know she mistook an order, we had to send a few dishes back because either the orders were taken wrong or the wrong order was picked up by the runners.  Nonetheless after the mixups or the corrected food orders arrived, the server was pretty clueless that the orders were not correct and we weren't happy.  So if you come here, do not sit outside, as you will be forgotten and not serviced.
5	The burgers can be customized and are wonderful.  The salad greens are fresh and very tasty!  Try the Greek Burger or the Cowboy.  Excellent selection of craft beers.   Very nice sit down location!  Very friendly employees will help you with selecting sauces and all other ways to personalize your meal to your liking!
5	Awesome! Grabbed burgers here with my boyfriend and his brother and girlfriend the day before NYE. We all loved our burgers and fries. I'm celiac and got a gluten free bun and omission beer! ChaChing! Sweet potato waffle fries are awesome too. Would recommend to anyone and definitely eat here again!
