1	Avoid Sante like the plague!!  They do not care about their patients and are only interested in your money.  My grandma has COPD and went to Sante after having been hospitalized a few days to "build back up her strength" well the complete opposite happened.  They lied to us and did not inform us that no one on staff knew how to use a bipap machine; therefore, after being there a couple of days her Co2 levels rose and her oxygen levels declined sending her right back to the hospital.  After she was back doing well and could be released from the hospital once again, Sante apologized for the incident and assured us that they would now know how to properly work it and care for her.  We mistakenly once again had her go there.  She was doing great; however, they were not able to work the bipap yet again and did nothing to get another machine or anything.  After being there a week and off the bipap my grandma went downhill overnight.  We told them that she needed to go to the hospital; however, they did not take us seriously.  They did not allow my grandma to go to the hospital as she was asking to go along with us.  They told her that she did not want to go to the hospital because you know what happens there.  Well they neglected to even call 911 even when in the middle of the night her oxygen levels dropped into the 60's.  Nothing got done until my dad went by the next morning and immediately told them to call the ambulance.  They listened only because they thought that he was a dr.  They were clueless and didn't even know who the dr.'s were just as they are clueless when it comes to providing care.  All that they were good for was popping pills down my grandma's throat.  All thanks to Sante my grandma is worse off now than before and is fighting for her life this very moment.  I highly suggest avoiding Sante at all costs.  They lie, don't care properly for their patients, and are only money hungry.  If you love your loved one do not allow them to so much as set a foot in this facility!!
4	Excellent facility.  About one year old.  If you didn't know is was a rehab faciolity because of the nursing stations, you might think you were in an above-average hotel.  Very good restaurant, where patients and guests can order fro a menu.
4	We looked at VI Silverstone/greyhawk and this facility.  Focused on these purely for convenience to our home.  I found sante's gym and rooms much nicer and bigger.  Sante also allowed us to bring medication in that VI would not (the cost of my moms medication was the cause for VI to turn us down).  Sante has mostly LPN's.  The ratio of nurses to patients is 1:15, at VI it was 1:12.  Certified Nursing Assistants at 1:8 at VI and 1:10 at Sante.  I also like that sante offered a menu and specials each day, VI only offered two options for food at each meal.  We were happy with our experience at sante.
