4	I was in the mood for a sandwich and didn't feel like Jersey Mikes so I figured this place looked as good as any.  I made sure I was in an appropriate spot and headed inside.  The menu board is very large and easy to read.  Even though I was in the mood for a turkey panini I set my eyes on the Reuben and it really hit the spot.The decor is very sparse right now, but the sandwich was great and I liked the option of mustard instead of 1000 island on my reuben.
1	I called up to see if this place Sandwich Max was a chain and they said no.  So I went in to try it.  I will tell you I have been in the deli/supermarket business 30years and know what a good sub is.  I have had too many to even think twice that this was the worst sub EVER!  I dont mean to be critical but there was no meat on my italian hero, but a pound of lettuce and tomato.  Same owners I believe as sub station so he can do what he wants.  Dont waste your money like I did!  Absolutely terrible sandwich, no wonder why there were 5 people eating at lunchtime.
5	Sandwich Max makes some of the best sandwiches in Charlotte.  Lately I have been eating here about once a week for lunch.  My sandwiches have been consistently great.  I usually get the Ruben or the Roast Beef.  I would definitely recommend this place.
5	I crave these sandwiches! I've ordered the Rueben, was better than Jason's Deli's, the Roast Beef and Provolone, and the Cornned Beef. All sooooo good but I find myself craving the Roast Beef with extra lettuce and oil and vin and banana peppers! I love this locally owned deli! These are the small business in Charlotte I love! Thanks for your sandwiches Sandwich Max!!
5	It seems like when I need to grab something quick I'm always around 7th street, perfect because I love Sandwich Max's Italian sub.  Fresh bread and the toppings, bread and meat ratio are equal.  I really like that they make each sandwich like they are making it for themselves, it's not just slapped together.  Also, big plus good sweet tea.
5	It's hard to find a local deli / sandwich shop in town & this place is a good one. I recommend the large club.
4	Love the service, food and tea!!  Very fresh.  Better to come at 1045 than 1130 am for lunch.  They don't handle crowds well since they are so new.  This is a welcomed addition to the Elizabeth area.  I would also suggest you try their daily specials.  That is the best value for your dollar.
4	I don't enjoy sandwiches when I make them for myself. Why, oh why, does it taste better when someone else crafts a sammie for you?I was looking for something quick to grab so I could watch the Nebraska game from my couch. This place is just minutes down the road, so I popped in this past Saturday.Scanning all the sandwiches, I (as usual) couldn't figure out what I wanted. The guys behind the counter immediately jumped in to help. Really nice. They said their best sellers are the Italian (on the cold side) and the pressed turkey cordon bleu (on the hot side). Score, I already had my eye on the Italian. I got a small with chips and a drink for $8.55. The Italian was loaded with meat. The toppings were fresh. Solid little place to get a sandwich. I'll be back to try that TCB. Also, they have Cherry Coke. I don't drink a lot of soda, but when I see CC on the fountain... you can bet I'm ordering one.
4	Awesome sandwiches, I'm so glad I finally tried this place! So far I've only had stuff from the cold side- delicious and a ton of food- but thanks to the guy sitting near me the Reuben is calling my name for next time.
