1	I want to paint my bedroom.  I found a color I thought might work and as luck would have it my local Ace Hardware was the place for it.  So I dropped in there this morning thinking I would purchase a sample size to see how the color looked on the wall.  The guy who was providing me customer service informed me "we don't give samples". I explained I was expecting to pay for a sample, not be given one and his response was buy a quart or nothing.  No sample sizes for paint.  No wonder Ace Hardware stores are struggling to survive.  Who buys paint without a sample first? I mean, Home Depot, Lowes, Sherman Williams, they all have sample sizes.  And they all have better customer service.
4	This place is great they always seem to have the stuff home de pot doesn't. I have had great experiences with the staff, they are very helpful and knowledgable. They have saved me tons on plumbing repairs and yard machinery repairs.
4	This Ace Hardware Store has everything you need with great selections and prices.  Friendly employees and you are in and out.  Ace Hardware Yay! I'm a fan.
4	Great selection nice sales people.I used to always buy two of most everything just in case I needed one again. I have since started to only buy only what I need because I can never find the extra one I bought. I make frequent trips to the hardware store. There are several hardware stores within a mile of me one of them being an Ace. They seldom have the part I need so I do not even go in the store anymore.Not a problem at the Ace at 51st. ave and thunderbird. Almost always have what I want. They also have things I need no one else in the valley have. I needed a metric tap and die and they were the only people that had the ones I needed. I had even tried on the internet with no success. I operate a small machine shop and they have had a lot of items I need to make parts for customers. If you need hardware they will probably have it even the hard to find things.
1	Not happy.  I live in the neighborhood and only need plummer's putty $3.75.  Told that I have to make a min $10 purchase with a debit card.  We purchase items consistently from this store, not any more. We'll find a new place for our business.
