4	I'm on to you Barnes. Which is a good thing because until recently ... like, as in TODAY ... I always drove my dumb arse to Tempe Marketplace from downtown PHX to get to a Barnes and Noble bookstore because its my literary outlet of choice.Yadda yadda yah, about indie bookstores or whatever.  Save it for someone who can be influenced.  When I'm shopping for books I want to find the damn book I'm searching for, and B&N has not typically let me down on any of these quests ... and in this case, they gave a giant 'bitch-slap' to Borders (which is always a wreck, man, I hate shopping there) by having the Molecular Gastronomy book I'd been on a search for now for a couple of weeks.  Actually, they had three, which is three more than any indie bookstore or Borders had.I don't care that they're trying to get one passed me.  Fool me once ... okay go ahead, but d'ya got my book in stock?I'm just pleased that I don't have to drive to Tempe Clusterfuck to be able to enjoy their layout and friendly prices.
4	I always forget about this place and when I stumble upon it I am pleasantly surprised by all the cute gifts, awesome journal selection and abundant books to choose from every time! It's not as large as most Barnes & Noble but they are affiliated so your membership card will work here too AND they can get anything any Barnes & Noble can. Its smaller size, however, lends itself to a more independent bookstore/library feel.
4	I like this bookstore.  It is not too busy, there are no shady customers or employees (think Metro Center Barnes & Noble), and they have what I am looking for.   I also like that there is a large selection of bookmarks, blank books, and little gifts that are perfect for a belated birthday gift.  Ahem.  They have a decent selection of cards which is also helpful.  Also, the setting of Town & Country Mall makes for a nice feeling.
4	I love bookstores in general.  Something about the smell of the printed word, leafing through books, I could spend hours in there, um, I actually do spend hours in there.  It's crazy that Bookstar is my favorite bookstore in the valley.  It's not large, there's no coffee chain attached to it, it doesn't even have comfortable chairs to sit in while I read books.  Nonetheless, it's my favorite.  I think it may be a discount bookstore, I'm not sure but the prices are always reasonable.  Most of the time I always know what book I'm going to buy when I walk in but sometimes I just want to roam around and find something unexpected.  Bookstar is the perfect size for roaming.  I've come to realize that I can't handle all the variety of the larger bookstores.  I get overwhelmed by all the options and I make rash decisions then end up loathing my purchase.  Bookstar is never crowded.  You can always find parking in one of the first couple of spots.  Sometimes less is more and Bookstar is the perfect example of that.
3	A big selling point for this location is that it is in the Town and Country mall so you get to walk along on the cobblestone walkway everywhere. It is not a big bookstore but maybe that is what your looking for. They do sell nice gifts for that bookworm in your life (me!) and is overall an okay shopping experience.
